all right everybody stream in here and
we'll be ready for a show in no time at
all it's going to be a good
one says me
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the highlight of
human civilization if you'd like to take
this experience which is going to be a
good one today up to levels that you
can't even understand with your tiny
shiny human brain all you need is a
cuper muger a glass of tanker chel a
Canen Jugger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here of
the day thing that makes everything
better it's called The Sim
Sip and it happens now
go so
good well yesterday I told you about my
experience teaching Chad GPT to
hypnotize and uh that turned into an
article on something called decrypt and
other hypnotists were asked about it it
turns out other hypnotists have tried
the same thing and it's a real thing you
can teach chat GPT to
hypnotize now I'm not sure it's a good
idea it it's probably a good idea if
you're doing it for your own purposes
but I'd be a little bit worried no a lot
worried if uh chat gbt learned that on
its own you know that if if the entire
chat gbt app could do it instead of just
the people who train it to do it for
themselves uh there's a lot to worry
about there uh your free
will is uh certainly under assault
anyway it was just good to know that my
experience with it was uh validated by
other hypnotists so hypnotists are on
the same side you can teach it to
hypnotize you and it will do
it all right um there's a new uh of
course I'll talk about all the politics
I'm just waiting for everybody to get
here there's this new weightless carbon
fiber battery thing where they can make
structures out of it but they can also
make batteries at them it would and uh
it already Works in a small form but it
could make
planes and cars 50% lighter and it
already
works now this this is one of the
nerdish things I I love to Revel in if
you could make batteries and also
structures things like cars and planes
50%
lighter do you know how much of a change
that is that that's virtually all of
your climate change problem just right
there if everything was 50 were 50%
lighter it would need so much less
energy and uh there's a whole bunch of
stuff that's happening that's going to
make an enormous difference in our
energy
architecture
so add that to the things that your uh
your climate models don't predict which
of your climate models predicted a
carbon fiber battery that would make
everything half half the weight nobody
yeah that's why you shouldn't believe
any of those
models I saw observation by uh Eric
Meadows a gentleman on X he said the
Republic Republican party has not
nominated a president that drank alcohol
since John McCain in
2008 that's
interesting I didn't realize that it's
pretty interesting anyway JD Vance is
the vice president pick unless you're
living under a rock in case you didn't
know that so it's JD Vance we'll talk
about all the things about him um
apparently he's scaring the Democrats at
least the abundit on CNN because he's
young and he's a populist but more
importantly he could take the trump-like
message into another generation and
might be popular to young people because
he is Young he's only
39 and so that scares them and
should um here's some of the things we
know about him apparently he has a
number of changed
opinions so he was uh proar when he
joined the military was a marine but
then he was you know decided that war
was maybe wasting a lot of people and
resources and uh I think he was at one
point more Pro
vaccine um than you might be comfortable
with so he's he's been anti-trump and
prot Trump so he has been back and forth
on a number of things um and I don't
know exactly how to think about
that because on one
hand I like mental
flexibility I like people who go into a
situation with an opinion and then learn
more and come out with a different
opinion that's not a bad thing and if it
happened more than once even
better however it does sort of highlight
his Youth and
inexperience meaning that that's a lot
of things that are really important to
change your mind about fairly
recently so I guess my biggest issue
with him is I don't know what I'm
getting you're definitely getting the
smartest guy in the
game um one of the things I posted about
Elon Musk agreed with this on on x
uh that Trump had won the uh the IQ
contest so his team you know Trump plus
JD Vance their combined IQ is way
above Joe Biden and Kell Harris I think
most people would generally agree with
that uh so if you're looking for
smart that contest is over there's no
competition the the smartest pair by far
are going to be Trump and Vance cuz
Vance is just crazy smart but here are
some of the things people are concerned
about or maybe they like depending on
your point of view uh so allegedly so
these are other people's
characterizations he probably would say
it differently so just just be aware
that these are biased
characterizations that uh the Vance is a
Proteg√© of Peter
teal and some say Peter teal is too
close to the security State because
paler is something that works for the
spies that's one of uh the teal products
and uh he's on he's allegedly on the
steering committee of the Bilderberg
Group which I've never really worried
about it's just rich people who have
their little group that they get
together um but if you're worried about
Peter teal are you also worried about
Elon Musk because musk is backing Vance
and backing Trump in fact musk is uh
putting $45 million per month to a prot
trump
pack uh so musk has voted Democrat every
time he's ever voted and he's all in on
Trump because we've seen what what we
get with
Biden some of the things that uh JD
Vance
likes that a lot of trump people like
too is uh Vance likes
Bitcoin that's pretty popular um and
somebody pointed out to me that the
Bitcoin
subculture is like its own little
culture and if you get a GU somebody
who's known to be Pro Bitcoin you
automatically get a whole bunch of
Bitcoin Tech Bros that maybe don't care
about much else so you get that for free
so you might be bringing in the
bitcoiners he also likes open AI instead
of
closed uh which I think is going to be
more popular than not among the tech
people uh he's against
Dei thank you uh he doesn't love the war
in Ukraine doesn't think that's
necessary and even the teamsters seem to
have a positive opinion of him so the
Teamsters Union uh likes him because
he's proor people he wrote that book uh
the uh what is it the hillbilly
eulogy and that was about low-income
people I haven't read the book so I
don't know um so he's got a lot going
for him
um going into it so how's everybody like
that pick do you like the pick I'm not
positive that Trump had him picked
before the assassination attempt as
others have pointed out once the
assassination attempt happened he had
complete freedom to pick whatever vice
president he wanted for example if he
really really needed to win the election
a lot of people were saying you know it
wouldn't be the worst thing in the world
if he had a good Republican running mate
who was also black oh Tim Scott you know
solid
Republican um you maybe he'd be a good
solid
backup and you thought well what about
uh Dr Ben Carson yeah he feels like good
solid
Republican you know wouldn't be too
exciting
and here's my observation
didn't you always think that Trump was
going to at least pick somebody who is
less exciting than
Trump somebody who wouldn't show him up
somebody who when he's on the the uh
let's say the
campaign somebody that no one will ever
say wow that vice president pick is so
good you kind of wonder why the vice
president isn't the top of the ticket
now that's normally what you would never
do if you're president you would never
pick a vice president who even has the
potential on a good day to look better
than you that's like rule one of Vice
President it's got to be
sensient and worse than the President
right that's a Dan Quail thing he's
sented and he's Republican and he's
worse than the president it's good
enough right always had low standards
for the
VP and you could you could say that it
was kind of a
fear
insecurity comparison kind of a problem
but after the
assassination I think Trump has lost all
fear meaning that the idea that he
wouldn't pick the best person because of
how it would
look right out the door he just picked
the best
person he didn't look at race he didn't
look at gender he didn't look as
sexuality he had the complete Freedom
after the assassination attempt to pick
somebody who could look better than he
would and he did do you know how Brave
that is now it's not as Brave as popping
up after somebody shoots you I mean
that's a whole different level but it's
I can't think of a
time when the the top of the ticket
picked somebody who was clearly able to
shine I've never seen that before if you
can you can you name a time that's ever
happened I can't think of a time you
know you want your vice president to be
capable but not somebody who potentially
could give the best speech of the
campaign that's new and Trump looked
right into that monster and said sure
let's just pick the right
person so um I think that he is a brave
choice and I think that the Dei argument
is largely been slaughtered by the um
secret service campaign Secret Service
detail that was protecting him I mean
there's that's the strongest anti- Dei
argument is that it nearly got Trump
killed now am I saying something that's
beyond the facts yes there are no facts
there are no facts that says there's any
Dei causation of what we saw there's
certainly lots of questions about the
capability but we don't know if it's
because of Dei that would be too
far however does it look like it's a Dei
problem yes it looks like it doesn't
mean it is right that's a big difference
we don't know what the reality is we're
we're pretty far from knowing what the
reality is but the impression of it
really looks like it was a Dei problem
did you know uh as Christopher rufo
pointed out today on X that there are
wildly different uh Fitness requirements
for male and female Secret Service
agents like how many how many uh
pull-ups you can do and you know what
you can do fitness-wise wildly different
wildly different because you wouldn't
have any women who qualified well you'd
have very few if the fitness standards
were designed for
men so we do have documented proof that
these standards are substantially lower
for
women and that they have a Target to get
30% women into the uh Secret Service and
that there's what looks like a Dei
hirees the boss of the whole
operation now I say that because she
doesn't seem to have the right
qualifications for the job so it looks
like a deer because it's a woman and how
do you not think that that's part of the
problem
again there's no verification no proof
that any kind of di thing caused any of
the problems with the assassination
attempt no proof but every indication
every indication is there so you know
people are going to go on what they see
and what they feel what I saw and what I
felt was mass
incompetence with a very clear veneer of
something Dei going on there
so I think there's probably a lot more
to the story but that's what it looks
like and what it feels like and that's
what people are going to vote on they're
going to vote on what it looked like and
what it felt like we may never know the
facts well at the Convention as you know
uh Trump himself made an appearance he
didn't speak just came in to sit there
and listen to the boring speakers a
little bit and he had his he had his
bandage over his
ear and uh I saw a bunch of people say
he looked
changed he looked changed I can't
explain it but something about his
demeanor something about his
expression he's a different guy of
course you would be I can't imagine
you'd be the same person after that that
would have to change you we don't know
how we don't know how much we don't know
how long it'll last but boy did he look
different um I don't know if you had
this experience
but I was watching it just
coincidentally I was doing a man cave
live stream to my subscribers on locals
so we were all there together and then
we heard he was going to make a visit so
I turned on the TV so we watched it
together and I was standing up because I
was standing next to the TV so I could
be in the picture with the live stream
um but here's the thing I realized
somebody somebody in the comments said
that they were watching alone and stood
up and I'm thinking if I had been
watching it alone I would have stood
up did anybody feel that is there
anybody who watched it alone who stood
up because I'll bet there
were so so whatever that
is that's
bigger that's bigger than the
candidate whatever that is whatever made
you stand up
the last time I did that was when uh
when Trump did the Rosie O'Donnell move
in his first uh debate I literally stood
up out of respect just out of pure
respect for the skill that that took and
I stood up yesterday I was up anyway but
I would have stood for that just to see
him walk in so whatever is going on here
is way bigger than whatever
is happening on the surface there's
something way
bigger Amber Rose uh spoke now I have to
admit I have no idea who Amber Rose is I
guess I'm a certain age and but she has
a 23 million Instagram followers and
millions of people on X and she's a
singer I don't know what she is what is
she is she just a influencer personality
or she an artist of something I have no
idea who she
is all I know is that she is very
popular among young people I don't know
if she's especially popular for black
Americans or not I just don't know but I
will tell you that her Charisma is off
the
chart wow talk about Charisma now I saw
Matt Walsh complaining because she's got
attach ude face and you know she's got a
lifestyle that maybe is not a purely
Republican perfect you know Norman
Rockwell kind of Life uh but she went up
there and she said the most powerful
thing you could ever say she realized
she'd been lied to about who Trump
was everything else was just fun and
energy and a
feeling but wow was that important the
only thing that matters was she stood in
front of the world acted
like uh let's say acted like a young
person um acted like a person who's
maybe not always too active in voting in
politics and said I was
fooled they told me he was somebody
else that's the single most important
message if any of that got through and
I'm not you know I can't imagine too
many Democrats were watching the
especially young ones I don't know how
many young Democrats were watching the
Republican convention not many but if it
turns into reals and it probably will
they're going to see it on Tik Tok and
they're going to see it on Instagram and
they're going to say huh that's
interesting I thought Trump was terrible
why is it that this person who's a lot
like me or at least I have some feeling
or affection for and look smart because
she comes across as smart by the way
that's really important
she comes across as somebody who
actually did the work and you know
looked into it and changed her mind
which shows you know intellectual
flexibility and the fact that she has 23
million followers you don't get that
with their own skill and talent right
that doesn't happen on its own so she's
got the goods I don't know too much
about her but you you could tell
instantly she's got the Charisma she's
got the brains she's got the intellect
ual flexibility there's a lot going on
there a lot to
like so I'm going to disagree with Matt
Walsh who I think he felt was you know
time to talk to the base and the I guess
the uh lifestyle uh modeling that
Republicans would do something like that
uh but I think this was a brilliant
Choice a brilliant choice and I don't
think that this was about uh catering to
anybody it didn't didn't look like stunt
casting as they like to say it looked
like a real example of a real person who
represents something that the public
should see here's a real person with a
real brain who changed your mind it's
kind of inspirational
really all right that worked David saaks
from the all-in
Pod gave a speech um I felt sorry for
him because if you've ever given a
speech where the people aren't basically
paying attention which is that was the
situation because the people were
Milling around and talking in the
convention it was all noisy with crowd
noise and he's trying to give a speech
not really knowing if anybody's watching
so it's like you're just talking to
noise oh my God that's hard the the only
thing that makes speaking to a crowd
easy is when you connect all right I've
done a lot of a lot of inperson public
speaking and I can tell you that if you
do a speech
where the tables are arranged in circles
you know not circles but rounds they
call them round tables and everybody's
eating they're going to be talking to
each other while you're giving your Oho
entertaining speech it doesn't work at
all so when I would give speeches the
first question I'd ask is what's the
table arrangement if it were audience
Arrangement and they were going to be
sitting there doing nothing but
listening to me great that's going to
work perfectly if it's table and and I'm
going to be talking while they're eating
dessert while dessert is being served at
the tables you don't have a chance you
don't have a
chance your your talk is not going to go
well and uh the convention is one of
those situations so unless you're one of
the
superstars if you're one of the just
interesting people you're not going to
get much attention and it definitely
affects your ability to speak I did not
think that David saxs was comfortable
he didn't look like he
was you know in his element um he he's
amazing on podcasts and in person but it
looked like he was a little bit out of
his comfort zone there I think that came
through but boy do I appreciate him and
I I give extra special appreciation to
anybody who can do something
uncomfortable do it in front of
everybody and do it because you think it
matters so so if that sounded like a
criticism do you see how I turned that
into a compliment the criticism is I
don't think that was his game you know
standing in front of the big crowd of
Republicans and giving a political
speech that's probably an unfamiliar
territory but boy you go into unfamiliar
territory like that and you know it's
not your thing and you know Millions
will be watching and you do it
anyway I love
that give me more of that
give me more of people who are out of
their comfort zone and doing the best
they can because the country needs it
give me give me lots of that thank
you so I appreciate David Sachs for what
he's doing for the
country
um let's see apparently there's a quote
from JD Vance I think this is a true one
there's going to be a lot of fake news
running around about him but maybe you
can fact check me did he really say all
of this
did you say uh at one point we are
effectively run in this country by a
bunch of childless cat ladies who are
miserable at their own lives and the
choices they made and so they want to
make the rest of the country miserable
too did he really say
that because if he really said
that you know honestly if if I'm going
to be honest about
it it seems really
disrespectful to
cats I love cats
I don't like people saying bad
about
cats so I mean that's a that's one
little one little uh criticism but I
mean it's not a big
one he might love dogs so that'd be
fine anyway it looks like Biden might
lose the teamsters backing uh look
Teamsters are talking about maybe not
backing anybody which would be a
gigantic blow to Biden Reuters is saying
that there's 1.3 million
members and without an endorsement I do
think that makes a
difference um obviously the members can
do what they want but I think the
endorsement from the leadership probably
moves votes that that's probably a half
a million votes right there that yeah
and of 1.3 million how many would change
their vote because of the
leadership
100,000 200,000 I mean that's a
lot all right well apparently Morning
Joe is back on the air I haven't seen it
but somebody said Morning Joe is back
I'm not so sure that the real reason
Morning Joe was cancelled or at least
left off the air for a day I'm not so
sure it's because they were afraid of
him you know we we don't know what
conversation happened it could have been
anything may but the fact that uh
Morning Joe was not on the air yesterday
but Joy Reed and Rachel M were on
air um then I'm not sure that that story
holds together so maybe there was just
something else going on that we don't
know about
maybe maybe it was just because it was
the morning you know maybe they just
thought oh it's too soon at least we'll
make the morning regular news and we'll
get to the opinions later in the evening
but Rachel mattow and joy re Reed were
back in the air last
night uh I think mattow said that JD
Vance is widely considered to be the
most radical Choice what would make him
the most radical
Choice what what's the definition of
radical you know when they when they
have to make up
words that's when you know they're just
fishing for some reason you know do you
remember when uh I remember when
Republicans this was a sort of a n gingr
thing would say uh they're a bunch of
liberals the Democrats are a bunch of
liberals and it would make liberal the
insult and I always thought well can't
you do better than that like liberal
and and therefore you're policies or
what what exactly you're complaining
about the label like what are what are
they doing and I always I was always
angry about that when I was a younger
man and I thought can you do better than
just saying they're
liberals like that that's the best you
can do how about saying this policy
doesn't work or you're going to spend
too much or something but I guess that
was all you know baked into the word
liberal at that
point but I have the same problem with
most radical are they saying what is it
radical to want less
war is it radical to want the states to
work out abortion on their
own where where is the radical IAL
part it seems like he's pretty ordinary
Republican to
me um Claire mccal on MSNBC said uh the
only person who was more excited than JD
Vance was Vladimir
Putin
wow
wow they they have so few intellectual
uh channels that they can use that they
just go to their
go-to well it's a cloudy day today well
Putin send in those clouds we had an
earthquake today have you checked Putin
because I think Putin caused that
earthquake no Putin is not behind
everything and Putin is not the reason
anything happens maybe a few things in
Ukraine but uh now I don't think Putin
was delighted that JD van got
picked I don't think so
I don't think
so and then Joy Reed being her mentally
ill self and by the way I mean this
literally in case you're wondering you
know are you just saying stuff because
you like one side more than the other no
Joy
Reed is obviously mentally ill and
somehow MSNBC thinks that mental illness
and opinions are kind of the same
thing and me you know people who are
mental ill have opinions but you don't
want to lead with the mental illness and
then say well it was sort of an
opinion no don't do that but MSNBC is
doing it and uh Joy Reed says she fears
that after the assassination attempt on
Trump quote the media will acques to
Republicans and not label Trump quote
the greatest purveyor and promoter of
political violence since George
Wallace now here's my question to you
because I like to be I like to be
mentally flexible too I like to be I
like to tell myself that new information
would change my
opinion but and this is actually worth
exploring because there have been a
number of uh examples of Trump's
rhetoric that if you saw it down a
context you'd say huh that does s a
little that sound does sound a little
violent right but then I said to myself
why don't I remember any of them
I thought why when I think about Trump
and his violent rhetoric I think of
silly things I think of things like when
he talked tough about some protester at
a rally years ago it's like oh in my day
we used to beat him up or something was
he really advocating for violence in
society at large or was he just talking
tough about a a guy because he likes to
talk tough I mean I didn't take that as
as a literal truth did you
I just thoughted a you know hyperbole
acting tough blah to me that was like
attending the
UFC he attends the UFC because it's part
of his brand of looking tough being
tough liking tough
people that didn't mean anything to me
but when I hear Biden say the fine
people
hoax he is putting a Target on people's
backs because you do have authority to
kill Hitler we all have authority and
moral cover for killing an actual
Hiller but we don't have one it's got to
be the real thing so if you're saying
that he is the real thing you are
inviting violence and it should if
everything works the way you know it
does cause you know some one out of a
million people to get a gun and climb up
on a roof so but what did what did uh
Trump ever say
that would activate somebody this
way I'm not aware of
anything so Trump did say that the
migrants coming across are in many cases
dangerous and
criminals so if we saw somebody go shoot
a bunch of
migrants because they thought they were
all criminals you'd say to yourself well
wait a minute even Trump doesn't say
they're all criminals Trump doesn't say
you should kill them all he's he just
saying we should have you know better
law enforcement in a border and you know
use law he basically when he talks about
um illegal immigrants he is talking
about a law enforcement
situation so he's very clear that law
enforcement and Border people should be
the ones handling the criminals coming
across the border at what point did he
suggest you should take it into your own
hands do you remember ever hearing Trump
say you know what law enforcement isn't
doing enough about the migrants you
better take it into your own
hands nothing because that's not even
it's not even
contemplated nothing like that so I
would love to see the left do their best
job of you know their list of what they
think is the dangerous rhetoric from
Trump because I think it would just be
funny it would be just another example
that they're doing a job that they're
bad at if their job is to tell you to
interpret your reality and they looked
at Trump and they said that's actual
dangerous
rhetoric and they couldn't determine
hyperbole from regular you know
political talk and they thought that
that was in the same category as
continually hammering that somebody is
Hiller and they're going to steal your
democracy there'll never be another
election now as somebody pointed out
Trump too has apparently said something
like you know you'll lose your democracy
if Biden is
elected do do any of you feel oh my God
uh I just become triggered into becoming
an assassin because Trump said that
Biden might uh be bad for
democracy no no it doesn't come across
that way it doesn't come across that way
at all when Trump says you're going to
lose your democracy every Trump
supporter says well not like
completely yeah we're saying stuff like
Oh you mean they're going to censor you
on social media which they have yes oh
you mean they want to control your
second
amendment yes they do that's exactly
what they want to do so yes when Trump
says they're coming for your
democracy Republicans translate that
into the head into
policy don't you what is the policy on
free speech and can you interfere with
it uh through these external entities
what's the policy on Second
Amendment yeah I mean we we just see it
as policy so it doesn't look doesn't
look like you should be activated to any
kind of
danger I would like to test another
theory that I think is batshit crazy and
this is on both sides so this is a both
sides batshit
crazy the idea that if Trump had been
assassinated there would have been a
civil
war think that through for a minute so
you got uh all these Republicans who
would be so mad you can't even believe
it and a lot of them have guns so that's
where the Democrats stop their analysis
they're going to be really mad and they
have guns so Civil War all right think
it through to One More Level you ready
for this here's one more level of
thought who are they going to
shoot who are they going to shoot were
they going to shoot their neighbor ah
that guy I think that guy my neighbor
voted Democrat I'll go shoot him
no there's nobody to shoot if a lone
gunman killed the president there's
nobody to shoot you could take out your
guns you could clean them you could load
them you could walk outside but then
what are you going to do you're not
going to shoot your neighbor because
your neighbor had nothing to do with it
you're not going to shoot Biden because
he didn't have anything to do with it I
mean not
directly what what are you going to do
with your gun are you to take over the
government
no no you're G to maybe insist the
government does a better job of figuring
out what went on but what exactly would
you do with your
guns so the the problem is that we're so
simplistic that we go immediately to
Civil War when there's no really any
path to get there uh let me tell you
what would have happened had the
assassination attempt succeeded
the America the country would have gone
into a deep
depression and we would have talked
tough like oh it's got to be stopped but
there wouldn't be anybody to
shoot you you just wouldn't have hate
and a gun at the same time with the
Target because we still don't know
exactly what this crazy guy is up to but
we know the one person who is certainly
responsible is
dead and would have been dead in every
circumstance even if he succeeded so no
we're not close to a Civil
War and nobody can even give me an
example of how that could ever happen
this this is very similar to how the
Democrats imagined that the trespassers
on January 6 could take over the country
how what with some paperwork with some
some people who said they're
electors I think I'll try to take over
the country I'm a fake elector
everybody stand down it's my country now
there's no there's no
path
so no we were not on the verge of Civil
War what we were on the verge of is a
mental illness that never would have
gone
away if if Trump had gone
down I would be permanently
injured I mean we all we all would have
been injured by that at least the people
were
saying um
so now there was a lot to lose but it
wasn't going to be a civil war there was
nobody to
shoot Jack Black doing his Tenacious D
thing which is I guess music and comedy
kind of a show um soon after the
assassination attempt one of his
bandmates said something on stage
spontaneously indicating he wished the
attempt had been
successful and as you i' imagine there
was some
backlash and uh in Australia they were
trying to deport him and Jack Black just
canceled the tour was that the right
decision
yes now remember Jack Black really
really doesn't like Trump I don't know
if he knew that but he really really
really doesn't like him he's super
doesn't like
him but and and I think that was the
bandmate who said it was the the height
of irresponsibility
but think about what causes somebody to
do that what would cause you to say on
stage in front of thousands of people
with cameras and everything else that
you wish the president had been assass
or the candidate had been
assassinated the only thing that would
cause that is that you thought everybody
agreed that you thought it was a crowd
pleaser he didn't say it because he
didn't he thought the crowd would be mad
he thought the crowd would cheer and
some I think
did but how much of a bubble do you have
to live in to think that's a good idea
in a crowd that simply is there because
you're funny and entertaining and they
bought a
ticket I can't imagine worst judgment
but I think that worst judgment comes
out of being in a silo where you just
don't even know anybody on the other
side I think you would have to literally
not know a Republican
to say that into a big crowd of people
as if there's not a single Republican
there or or even a single decent person
who would never Embrace such a thought
you know there must be plenty of
Democrats who are just disgusted and
just sick over what almost happened and
what did
happen anyway
um so the uh there's message inside the
Democrat inside camp that the uh
strategists have just given up but
here's something a Democrat strategist
allegedly said so this is a Anonymous
person so you have to you have to be
careful with these Anonymous ones but uh
allegedly a Democrat strategist
said um that the assassination attempt
destroyed Biden's entire strategy for
taking on Trump trying to portray him as
a threat to democracy and strategist
said that message is dead but it gets
better um and then a top Democrat
another one who specializes in
Congressional races um Congressional
races it said it's you know altered
everything but listen to this
quote um this is a Democrat strategist
who understands how things work so let
me tell you the whatever problems the
Democrats have it's not because they
don't have smart strategists it's
because they weren't listening to him
but here's one of the Smart Ones the
clear effect of this assassination
attempt is that it officially thrust
Donald Trump out of politics and into
martyrdom the person said they're
framing this as an attack on Maga and
not on Trump even more powerful and then
this is this is the uh the money shot
this last sentence this is literally
biblical stuff we're talking about
there you go he he was he was circling
around the Target and then he found it
here's circling around the Target that
it changes the messaging yeah you're
getting close circling around the target
is uh it changed it from politics into
martyrdom oh okay now you're getting a
little bit closer a little bit
closer it was an attack on magga not on
Trump that's how they reframing oh yeah
yep you're getting closer get a little
bit
closer and then the kill shot this is
literally biblical stuff done found you
found the target you found the bullseye
speaking of
bullseyes yes this is as insightful as
you could possibly be so whoever this
this particular uh Democrat was uh I
don't like to give advice to the
Democrats but here's my advice will you
listen to this guy for a change
will you listen to this guy
whoever you've been listening to is an
 and an idiot probably a bunch of
them listen to this guy you got somebody
who knows what they're talking about and
can see the whole field listen to this
guy or lose
everything or lose everything you're
going to lose the presidency you're
going to lose both houses you already
lost the Supreme Court and it's going to
get worse so again can I say it's not
that they don't have smart
people they're not listening to
them all
right um I'm going to give you a story
that sounds like it's not related to
anything in the news and it sounds like
it's just about me and then I'm going to
connect it to the news and you're going
to go whoa good point
Scott um so I've got this ear infection
you don't care about that but I call
call my healthc care provider and they
they say what is it and I say well I've
got this problem blah blah blah and they
say ah good uh and I think I'm going to
make an appointment and then they say uh
no this phone number is sort of the
general one I go oh oh well I'll give
you the phone number for the place you
should have called and then I think h i
I feel like I wasted a lot of time
giving you a lot of information when all
I needed was the phone call that I
should have been calling instead of the
one they gave me to call which they told
me was the right number to call and I've
been on hold for an
hour and then finally I called and I got
another recording to tell me that I was
on hold and they could call me back but
then they did call me back and the call
back was just to tell me I was on hold
for another 30 minutes and then I waited
and then they called back and then the
person so finally I was trying to get
the your nose throat Department so
finally I get the earn nose throat
department they say they ask all the
same information somehow my my account
had not been transferred even though I'd
entered it three times by now so now
three times I've given my medical number
it's asked a fourth time and I've still
not talked to anybody who can help me
right this sound familiar everybody
knows this right you've all had this
experience so then I finally get the
right person and I say can I make an
appointment for the
ENT and they say oh that's not at this
number and they gave me another
number so I finally got to somebody who
could make an appointment and it wasn't
until like a week from
now and I had to fight for it and
finally I got an appointment in 48 hours
and stuff like that now was this story
about me and about my Healthcare no
it was about how everything in the
country is so up that even simple
things don't work simple things don't
work everywhere that you look and expect
competence everywhere that it used to be
it is gone we have a massive
incompetence problem which is probably
some combination of several things I
don't know what all the forces are but
you all see it right I'm not telling you
a story that you go I've never had that
problem every time I talk to somebody
they're capable and effective no you've
all had the experience okay now that's
your
context now let's talk about what
happened with the Secret Service and
protecting the Pres uh protecting
Trump we have at least two
hypotheses one I'm going to call the the
dilbur filter the dilbur filter says
that uh there are pointy a bosses who
are selfish and incompetent and they're
pushing Dei their employees who are
selfish and incompetent and already are
looking for another job and that you
should expect massive incompetence
everywhere right that's the Dilbert
filter now did the Dilbert filter
correctly predict my inability to get an
appointment for Health Care it did it
perfectly predicted that even the
simplest thing get an appointment for
healthcare
becomes so impossibly difficult I almost
gave up I mean literally I almost said
all right I'll just live with an ear
affection for the rest of my life I
can't do this now take that
filter and compare it to the other
one there was a clever government
plot that involved hundreds of
variables an insane
20-year-old and the extreme unlikeliness
unlikeliness that they could allow this
to happen and get away with it that the
crowd wouldn't notice
it and that even if it worked something
good could have come from
it that's the
alternative which one do you think seems
more likely well let's talk about how
wildly incompetent they would have had
to be in order for it to be incompetence
as the entire explanation now some of
you are going to say Scott it could be
both it could be sort of a planned
incompetence where it wasn't that they
were trying to kill the president but
they weren't trying too hard not to make
it happen meaning you'd expect them to
try a lot harder and do a better job if
their intention was to protect them they
did such a bad job it looks like their
intention was to kill
them now I'm looking in the comments
somebody saying I'm so wrong because
this would be all be compatible with the
theme of you know he's a dangerous
person who must be
killed now two things can be possible
one the Democrats were trying to get
Trump killed by painting him as a person
that anybody would kill which is Hitler
if they had a chance so I I accept that
as 100% given that the Democrats did
want him killed they did fantasize about
having him killed and they talked in a
way that would make it more likely and
they were completely aware of it are
everybody happy you're all happy with
that part right no no
disagreement that that it was at the
very
least um what do they call it the uh
that poisoned heart thing there's a
different word for it but at the very
least they created a situation where
somebody would would more likely be
killed that doesn't mean that they
intentionally told the Secret Service to
do a bad job that doesn't mean that it's
possible with it is not ruled out and
and let me be as clear as possible I'm
not ruling out anything I'm just I'm
just laying it out so you know how to
analyze it right so I'm helping you
analyze it I'm not telling you what the
answer is and I'm telling you that if
the only filter you put on it is that a
bunch of clever operators managed 100
variables correctly
that's a
stretch if you put the dilbur filter on
it it does explain
everything Explains It All there's
nothing that can't be explained by
incompetence nothing because you you and
the reason that you think that might be
hard is that you think but Scott how
hard is it to make sure there's somebody
on the
roof that is exactly the kind of thing
that could be done by incompetence
it doesn't matter that it wasn't hard to
do it right you've seen in your own life
that just because it's easy to do it
right does not predict it will be done
right it
doesn't so here's the things we
know or think we know um oh and then
then there's also what I'll call the the
snipers
filter so the sniper filter says and I
said this the other day I said well if
the guy was if one of the snipers was
looking through the scope
that would kind of blind them for
anything in the larger field and so you
could imagine how they would miss it and
then people said Scott Scott Scott I so
embarrassed for
you I'm so embarrassed for you you're
talking about sniping I'm an expert on
snipers and let me tell you one thing
for sure there's one thing I can tell
you for sure Scott you idiot you you
idiot I can't even believe you're
embarrassing Yourself by talking about
this in person let me tell you the first
thing about sniping sniping 101 Scott
there's always a
spotter so if you have a
spotter then the sniper is not Blinded
By looking through there's a spotter you
idiot what's the Dilbert filter
say the Dilbert filter says I'll bet
there wasn't a spotter that
day do you know what we just found out
it was a Manpower
shortage no
spotter yeah the they didn't have
spotters wh which filter work better how
about your sniper filter how'd that work
you're you're brilliant operators with
they they got all the resources uh they
they're highly trained they're working
as teams how'd that filter work
right so everybody who mocked me for
saying incompetence is certainly on the
table I don't know the truth but it's on
the table all of you who said no these
crack teams of snipers they're never
going to make a mistake they would see
the whole field there's no way they
could have missed
this well you're all wrong incompetence
can explain a whole lot it doesn't mean
it's the whole answer and and just to be
clear I'll have to say this every 10
seconds I think that the the the that
there was an Insider is completely alive
completely alive yeah there's nothing
that has ruled that
out and when you look at it the totality
of the evidence is so suspicious that
it's absolutely a
hypothesis but don't rule out the most
obvious one the most obvious one is
massive
incompetence now we also know that it
wasn't their regular
team so if you introduce a the non
regular team what does that do to the
level of capability well it drops to the
floor you all know that you know you
can't bring in the temps I mean there
were trained professionals from
Department of Homeland Security but
different training different process
different situation you should expect
massive incompetence just because you
trained out people now let let me talk
about my favorite topic
Dei there is no indication that Dei
effects had anything to do with what
happened none
there is a Dei overlay which
guarantees less capability it guarantees
it so you're in a system that guarantees
flaws but you don't know if it
guaranteed the specific one is that fair
to say that you've you've you've added a
layer of incompetence that's guaranteed
by its nature to cause inefficiency
doesn't mean it cause a specific one
that would be going too far but you
could say incompetence is is throughout
the organization now again if you're new
to my streams let me be very careful of
what I'm saying I'm not talking about
anybody's genes or their DNA I'm not
talking about their sexual preferences
so has nothing to do about gender race
that's never in my argument my argument
is supply and demand if the Secret
Service says hey we got to get 30% women
and there just weren't enough women in
the pipeline who were fully trained and
able to lift heavy objects they're going
to lower their standards and they did
they lowered their standards so they
lowered it for physical fitness do you
think they lowered it for years of
experience probably do you think they
lowered it for I don't know Marksmanship
or anything else I don't know but
probably probably because the diversity
goal was right at the top of their goals
I I think it was at least equal to
protecting the lives of the candidates
so that should create massive incomp
confidence they
should all right what
else uh they kept jumping the stage and
didn't do anything even though I guess
somebody said for 30 minutes they were
chasing the shooter around how could
that be explained by incompetence easily
they weren't sure he was a shooter there
was a suspicious guy the suspicious guy
was not on the interior security he was
around the outside so they were looking
for him and had not identified yet that
he was a a lethal threat it was just
something they were looking into now
should they have done better probably
would simple incompetence explain this
part of it yes it would simple
incompetence would completely explain
well I don't know what we're looking for
but somebody said there's a guy looks
suspicious we're looking for him but
he's outside the security perimeter
we'll we'll keep you
informed you could easily imagine why
they'd
say Trump is going to be really mad if
we take him off the stage for some vague
guy wandering around outside the
venue um so you could imagine that being
incompetence but we don't know can't
know from this distance let's see what
else was there there was
the this this story I I don't think is
exactly right but apparently the roof
that the shooter was on was a staging
area for the local police and maybe
there were two somebody said there were
some snipers inside the building that he
was on top
of
what now shouldn't they be on top of the
building you say to yourself now how
could it possibly be true that there
would be nobody on top of the
building okay like how how's your brain
even how do you even hold that in your
brain when the top of the building had a
direct line of site on the president and
the the lower part of the building
probably did not I mean I don't know but
it probably did not
here here's how you can explain it who's
going to be covering the roof uh Bob's
got the
roof um all right good Bob's got the
roof and then you see Bob later you go I
thought you were on the roof and Bob
says no no they told me not to do the
roof they've got that covered well but
he said you're on the roof no they said
I heard him very clearly he said we got
the RO roof covered Bob you don't need
to do
that that's it now I'm not suggesting
that's exactly what happened I'm saying
that how easy would it be to
miscommunicate about who had the roof
and if you were inside you couldn't see
the roof so if somebody told you the
roof was covered and they just
miscommunicated you'd say all right roof
is covered would you necessarily get a
ladder and go to see if somebody's on
the roof or would you just say well this
guy I trust just said the roof is
covered it would be so easy to imagine
this was incompetence and
miscommunication or the guy just had to
take a leak or or he got called away or
maybe that's the exactly the guy who
they said well don't worry about the
roof we'll make sure nobody gets up
there because the doors are closed you
know he can't get up there anyway so you
know the doors are locked so he can't
get
internally why don't you come down look
for that guy that's R around so maybe
the guy on the roof came down to look
because there was nothing no reason to
be on the roof anymore and then the guy
used the ladder to climb up and nobody
saw
it is any of that possible I don't know
but lots of possibilities um let's see
what
else
um yeah the fact that they kept Trump on
this stage when suspicious things were
happening is pretty sketch the fact that
the shooter there there's a story I
don't believe going around that the uh
the shooter uh I'm sorry the the counter
snipers had him in their sights for a
long time but didn't have permission to
shoot that can't be
true right so I don't know what is true
but it can't be true that they had in
their sights a gunman with a rifle and
they didn't have permission to take him
out that can't be true do we all agree
on that that can't be
true like I'm willing to believe a high
level of incompetence but there's no way
that if somebody points a gun at a
candidate the shooters don't have
permission to shoot that's that can't be
a thing so just forget that that just
can't be a
thing all
right uh slope so you know there's a
safety
fact there what we wouldn't want to put
somebody up on a slop
Roof oh my God they didn't want to put
somebody on a sloped roof
the boss
said so I don't know if that's true but
in the comments I saw somebody had a
quote from cheel the head of the Secret
Service saying that they thought they
could secure from the ground because it
was like a slippery sloped
roof
wow wow they didn't see the ladder
coming all right what else uh
all right that's enough on that all
right I'm going to do something that
I've been waiting to do but waiting for
exactly the right time to do it here's a
little persuasion lesson for you
persuasion works best when the timing is
right when the timing is right so
sometimes the public is just ready for a
certain message and other times are not
for example after we all watched what
looked like a uh bad uh Secret Service
detail they had too many women in it
according to some observers that primes
people for the message that Dei is a bad
idea you all understand that right so
once it's in the news it's attached to a
big story then if you take the emotion
that's and the attention that's already
attributed to the story and then you can
extend it say all right you already feel
this way then why don't we make it
illegal everywhere because you can see
how damaging it is now that would be a
example of pairing your persuasion to
what's in the common Consciousness at
the time it's very important if you
don't do that you have no choice no
chance of
succeeding so given that the um the
biggest complaint about Trump had been
the he's going to be a dictator Etc and
because the Democrats are saying that
they might have to pull back their
strategy and advertising on that what's
left well abortion is left so suddenly
abortion has gone from you know one of
the big things to weigh the biggest
thing I would argue it's the biggest
thing so this is the time for me to
reframe
it you've got your vice president and
you know your vice president JD Vance is
capable of communication at a level that
you rarely see so here's a reframe that
he could use that I think Trump would be
maybe
less um less faal
with did I use that word right uh I've
never said that in I've never used that
word in public uh so here's the reframe
so it comes in a few different
statements so just listen to the
statements and I posted this on X if you
want to see it all right here's my
abortion
reframe number one women have the
political power to get whatever laws
they want in states that already ban
abortion women have all the political
power they need to get whatever they
want simply by saying we won't vote for
anybody who's against us so if women in
any of these states by a majority you
know a hard majority it'd have to be
more than 50% probably um if they want
something changed they could put so much
fear into the existing candidates that
they would either change their minds
or they would get voted
out so that's the first point is that
women have the political power to get
whatever they
want uh Trump and the Supreme Court took
the decisions about women's bodies out
of the federal government's control and
moved it closer to the
individual uh where it belongs in the
states how much how much would you want
Trump to be involved in your health care
decisions not not at all right how about
the next president do you want the next
president to be involved in your
Healthcare not really you you want to be
the one who involved and at the very
least you want it to be the closest
government to you so you can affect it
more that would be the state government
so he's basically saying I'm out of the
game I'm not going to tell you to get a
get an abortion I'm not going to tell
you not to I've taken myself out of the
decision
process so complaining to the person who
has taken themselves out of the decision
process is the wrong place to complain
where they should be complaining is to
other women because if they could get
75% of women to be on the same page they
can get anything they want in any domain
not just abortion any domain 75% of
women on the same page they get
everything here's a next thing
Republicans are not complaining much I
put in parenthesis much
Republicans are not complaining much
about states where abortion is
legal I haven't heard it at all have you
when when Republicans fixed the process
in their mind and the process meaning
the states should have this power not
the not the
courts they were a lot happier with
where it came out even when it didn't
come out their way so you can see that
the Republicans have managed to find
peace with what they really hate which
is abortion being legal in
California Republicans seem to have be
at peace with the fact that New York
State people are okay with it now
privately of course they'd be quite
opposed to it because they're
anti-abortion many of them but you don't
see them marching you don't see them
making it their top priority they're
simply letting the states do what the
states do hating is sometimes loving is
sometimes but respecting the system
that's all they're asking that's all
they're asking of Democrats we're just
asking Democrats to respect the system
and then get whatever result the system
gives us your state might be different
than
mine so here's the bottom line women
should be talking to each other about
what they want and then going and
getting it they don't need to talk to
anybody else they don't need to talk to
Trump they don't need to talk to the
Supreme Court they don't need to talk to
the court at all
they need to talk to each other if they
can convince each other to get on the
same page they can have anything they
want so stop making it about Trump stop
making it about the federal government
stop making it about the Su Supreme
Court that part of the problem has been
fixed they just put the decision as
close to the individual as they could
now the individual has to do what
individuals do in a free country you got
to you got to work you got to persuade
you got to get out the vote you got to
make it work so don't complain to Trump
about a problem with that is entirely
within the power of
women what do you
think now there's probably a cleaner
better way to say that maybe JD Vance is
is exactly the person to figure that out
I don't know if I don't know if Trump
could deliver
that you know Trump has his own style
which is incomparable for so many things
but nuance
Nuance isn't exactly his thing so all
right uh looking at your
comments the problem is that Democrats
are lying about a National Abortion ban
well I think you have to deal with the
lying separately so Trump in a interview
yesterday I guess for Fox News um said
that he is absolutely against um the
extreme abortion views in the project
2025
so he says they go way way too far so I
don't I think he has to do some work in
debunking that but it's debunk because
that's at least you could fact check it
you could fact check that Trump has
never said ban all abortions you can
fact check that he's continually said he
doesn't want to do it and you can fact
check that he moved it to the States
because if he wanted to ban abortion he
would have tried to keep things with the
federal government I mean it's that's a
winnable argument but he's everybody's
got to hear it at least
once uh in what would have been the
biggest news but got overshadowed um
judge Eileen Cannon um dismissed that
maralago box case because the special
Council guy was not constitutionally
appointed Jack Smith he was not
constitutionally appointed so we don't
know if this case could ever come back
but uh Jonathan turley's if you want it
is uh of all the cases that could be
dismissed this would be at the top of
the list meaning it was the most
dangerous one it was the greatest threat
and for now at least it's gone so if
turle is saying that for now at least
it's gone um I guess that means from a
legal perspective there's some way it
could come back but in a practical world
we don't expect
it how many of you predicted that the
mara Lago case would turn into a big
nothing
I wasn't so sure but I thought more
likely than not it would turn into a big
nothing so it's still not a nothing but
it's it's off the burner for
now um it it also suggests it's is it it
leads into the
uh the larger theme that the Democrats
are murderers basically because if
you're going to laware a guy and send
him to jail it's not a stretch to be a
murderer it really
isn't imagine what it would take how
evil you would have to be to create a
fake scenario to put somebody in an
actual
prison just think about that the level
of evil it would take to put somebody
you know by lying into an actual prison
is the smallest step to murder they
really is I mean they're they're they're
just right next to each other so every
time you see something evidence that the
Democrats were acting in a lawfare like
way stretching the law bending the law
abusing the law to get somebody it tells
you they might be
murderers and in my opinion they are
attempted murders well murderers because
somebody
died not legally perhaps but in
Practical effect they are
murderers that's my opinion uh RFK Jr
finally got Secret Service protection it
came after Trump said you know after
what happened to him you're going to
have to give Secret Service protection
to RFK RFK Jr thanked Trump and said hey
there's some you know that's working
across the aisle I mean that's a good
good sign for the country and then soon
after uh May orcus announced that uh in
light of the weekend's events that the
president is directed him to give Secret
Service protection to Robert F Kennedy
well that seems like an admission
doesn't it that seems like a confession
that's how I hear it I hear it as a
confession that they denied him Secret
Service to try to get him
killed now he didn't say that it's not
an Evidence but why do I hear
it why do I hear it I hear it when it's
not there that's a
problem I I hear it clear as day we
tried to kill him and it didn't work out
got caught um so I guess we're going to
have to reverse
that but given that uh this happened
after Trump had called for it it makes
you wonder which president ordered it
because he said the president directed
me to do it but I've got a feeling that
Trump directed him to do it and uh the
Democrats just had to fall in line so in
a way it's almost feeling like Trump's
in charge that he's moved into
presidential mode and and that he might
just have more power already than you
could imagine just to do things that
need to be
done well I put this story last because
I needed to calm down a little bit so
Biden gives an interview to Lester Holt
CBS in which once again he pushed the
fine people
hoax just a few days after Trump was
nearly killed almost certainly because
because the shooter thought he was a you
know that kind of a risk to the
country and he pushed
it even after the Democrat Insider said
well that strategy is
dead I feel like I feel like nobody's
even talking to Biden are you telling me
that there was nobody who could sit him
down and say the one thing you can never
say again is that fine people thing it's
the debunk hoax and it's the most
dangerous thing anybody ever said
because that's the one that makes you
believe he's a Nazi that's the one that
makes you think that somebody ought to
take him out it is the 10 pole hoax and
Lester Holt Lester Holt did not push
back on it now is Lester Holt
incompetent or a piece of
 I don't know so he's either
incompetent because he doesn't know the
biggest hoax in the world is the biggest
hoax or he let that go at the great
Peril to the United States and other
candidates now whichever the answer is
that's really bad for Lester Hol and he
needs to apologize to the country Lester
Holt owes you an apology for letting
that happen a public apology I demand it
Lester Holt CBS I demand an apology
because you're putting me in danger
because as a trump supporter you allowed
Biden to say that Trump is supporting
the UN
nais and
I'm not okay with that now I don't know
if Biden um tied it to Trump that time
or if he just said you know the
neo-nazis are coming out of the woods
but it's the same story right even if he
didn't mention Trump I can't remember if
he did it ties it to Trump and that's
the reason he does it obviously because
he's not talking about any other event
he's talking about that one it happened
years ago so it's obviously to tie it to
Trump
so I thought that I was going to do uh a
lot of uh
cursing because my first impression was
to go off on
Biden but I feel as though the Democrats
have abandoned him and that he's going
to uh lose the election he's going to go
down in history as the worst president
of all time and he's going to suffer a
long and painful death
and I feel like the better move is to
move
on I I believe that telling you who he
is is unnecessary because he can't win
and his own side knows who he is
now this is who he is he's a
liar he's
Reckless he's a
crook and he doesn't care about the
country or anybody who's a republican
for
sure Biden has identified himself and
certainly by pushing the fine people
hoax right after the assassination
attempt possibly the lowest character
I've ever seen in a public official it
would be hard to think you know who who
has going lower in terms of morals
ethical behavior and criminal Behavior
probably so we've never seen anybody
that bad operating at that level in my
opinion uh he he's
taken he's taken Badness to a level that
I honestly I'm surprised I didn't know
you can get
there so I think he should take some
leadership skills from Jack Black and
back the
off because I can't get mad of him
because he's now irrelevant I think I
think he's irrelevant and I think the
reason the Democrats are leaving him in
the race is to
him I don't think the Democrats are
trying to remove him to the race um
partly because it's impractical but
partly because they hate him I think
they hate him at this point I think the
Democrats were not you know right on his
campaign know that he is destroying
their their ability to earn money
imagine you're axle
Rod right and you still want to be
working and and helping them he just
Axel Rod is
basically you know done the Democrats
could be done as an effective party for
a generation it's possible I don't you
know I wouldn't predict it but it's
possible so what Biden has done to the
Democrat Party in whole is hard to
calculate yet but it's the most
destructive thing that's ever happened
to Democrats and he's still going so to
me it looks like they're just letting
him go I I think what you're going to
see is an abandon M of advice I think
even some of his closest advisers going
to stop taking his calls and they're
going to stop calling him and they're
just going to back up and they're going
to say look I wash my hands of this if
it were up to me he would have been
replaced six months ago but it wasn't up
to me and now you're going to watch them
fail and I'm going to tell you all that
he's failing against my advice my advice
was not this it's going to fail and now
you watch it should have taken my advice
so the Democrats are going to turn on
him like crazy and the fact that
nobody's turned on him yet for bringing
up the fine people hoax it's only
because they can't bring it up because
they've been pushing the hoax as real
too so the Democrats the the Democrat
press can't even
report that he just did the worst thing
that any president's ever
done he pushed the fine people hoax
right after an assassination
attempt name anything that's worse than
that I can't think of anything that a
president
did that is so low that's almost hard to
hold in your head now I think dementia
might have been a reason and and nobody
advising him anymore but man it's hard
to believe meanwhile over in California
governor Nome signed the First Nations
Bill Banning
schools from telling parents that their
child has changed their gender identity
and their pronouns the daily wires
supporting that
now remember when you thought that nuum
had a chance of running for
president he really didn't in retrospect
I I kind of thought he had a good shot
at one point to but the more you look
into it and the fact that he's a white
male and that he's destroyed California
I mean even Democrats aren't going to go
for this are
they what percentage of Democrats would
would be okay with a school uh helping
their child transition and not telling
you are there a lot of Democrats that
are okay with
that even if half are okay with it
there's got to be a solid half who say
that's that's just bad crazy leave
my kids alone it's got to be because I
think the parent thing is bigger than
the Democrat Thing by a
lot well and then the most important
story of the day I'll end on is that a
company called uh
ihmc has created a humanoid robot that
can play
pingpong
finally that is exactly what I've been
waiting for now that sounds like a joke
doesn't it
nope so maybe uh I don't know a year or
so ago uh I saw an expert say that one
of the best ways to keep your brain and
your body active in uh your older years
is Racket and paddle Sports
so all the sports are good so whatever
you do that's active is good but
apparently the paddle Sports because
it's fast twitch and its balance and its
reflexes it uses a lot of your brain
apparently it's just the very best thing
so I went out and bought myself a really
nice ping pong
table and then I said well now I'm going
to play me some ping pong and I'll make
it you know somewhat regular thing so
that I'll be doing something that's good
for me and then I look around in my
house and the only person there was my
dog so I did what anybody would do I
used duct tape to attach the paddle to
the dog's foot um it didn't work it
didn't work in case you're wondering how
the experiment went she was she was
completely uninterested in the sport so
there was nobody in the house and then I
thought well I'm going to have to like
find a ping pong
player and then I thought
uh I might have to make a friend
friend cuz you know I check with the
people I knew and you know people are
either at a town or they live far away
or you know it's really
hard
um the incoming Wars American whites are
going to fight for Israel uh we've got
an anti-semite who's yelling in all caps
keep yelling anti-semite but um could
you do me a favor if the anti-semites uh
want to get really active in the
comments could you put your comments in
all
caps because then we can see them better
they'll stand out better just make your
comments all caps if you're an anti-mite
or if you're just against Israel just
give me all
caps got quiet didn't you all
right
um so I decided I needed a ping pong
playing robot so I can have less human
contact now I do have one friend who
plays ping pong
but I need
more so anyway uh that is my show for
the day um I hope you liked it
and if you didn't know there are uh
three books that will change your
life that I've have
reissued one's new if you don't have
your copy of God's debris this is the
complete work that includes uh the
religion war and a new shorter story at
the end this one is your best summer
reading of all
time and if you're wondering how in the
world could that bullet Miss Trump's
head this will be your answer or one of
them so there's
that my newest book reframe your brain
will teach you lots of different ways to
essentially hypnotize yourself with
little sentences that reframe your brain
so anything you want to improve in from
career to your social life to your
mental health to your physical health uh
there's at least one reframe that will
change your life in every domain so uh
it's a fun read people love it got great
reviews and of course I've reissued my
book after I got cancelled so this is
the second edition so it didn't go
through a traditional publisher um and
it's updated if you didn't know this is
the most influential book in all of uh
personal Career Success so personal
success or Career Success uh this is the
most influential book and has been for
quite a few years so if you look at the
reviews in that book you'll see what I'm
talking about I I would just re refer
you to the reviews it tells you
everything you need they're they're all
super well reviewed and if you do a
summer uh airplane uh book these are
perfect they're they're also the right
length for a cross cross the country
trip it's a good vacation
book and uh I'll tell you more about the
dilber calendar it will be
reissued so I found a way to make it
made entirely in America wasn't easy but
I worked extra hard and figured out a
way I'll tell you about the company I'm
working with when the time is right too
early it's not available yet I'll tell
you when you can you can get it for
pre-order because it's 2025 calendar and
thanks for run I'm going to go talk to
the um to the local
subscribers privately and the rest of
you on X and YouTube and Rumble thanks
for joining it's always a pleasure to
have you here have a great
day
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e