well if you're joining early as I'm
getting ready here there's a little
comic you can read it's called robots
read news and it appears every day in
the locals
platform but I thought you'd like to
take a peek today while we're
waiting all
right I got my locals people up on a
special feed
whoops let's go to just me see what that
looks like oh much better as you can
tell there will be a whiteboard today
wow well welcome to coffee with Scott
Adams the highlight of human civil Iz
ation your day will never be better than
this moment but if you'd like to take it
up to levels that nobody can understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a CER marro glass a tanker
chelin a canteen Jugger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now go
ah I feel we're all now synced we're on
the same page which means today is going
to be
lit so
lit but first let me start with a few
things if you're watching the reading
the Dilbert reborn comic which you could
only see if you subscribe to the Twitter
not Twitter to X or on locals at Scot
locals.com where you get other stuff too
you would see this Dilbert is meeting a
new guy who misinterprets
everything a new guy who misinterprets
everything he says you might like it
anyway uh there is a word that the
biggest movie of The Summer could be
Deadpool and W Wolverine they think
it'll be you know big Blockbuster
because it's you know crossover Deadpool
character plus Wolverine and I say to
you what's going to happen if the
biggest movie of the year is starring
two white
guys two white guys and I saw on social
media somebody said well it's not
exactly two white guys one of them's
dead and the other one's a Wolverine and
I thought
huh there there might be there might be
a loophole you can be a white actor in a
movie as long as you're dad or you're
technically a
wolverine so I guess we don't have one
still that's just like regular living
white guys that are not part
Wolverine but it felt like
progress all right there's a Yahoo
finance had some information about what
it cost in each state in uh the
country to go on a date so this is the
average cost of a date and they say in
California that's one of the more
expensive states that a date cost $226
to go on a date in
California or
1,226 if you want a
sex but if you want a good deal on a
date South Dakota will give you one for
$38 apparently you can go for a date in
South D Dakota for
$38 I think that's where I'm going to do
all of my
dating if I if I do any dating I'm just
I'm just going to go right to South
Dakota because they got some kind of
discount situation going on I haven't
seen the women from South
Dakota but
uh I'm guessing $38 get you
one well anyway Steve Bannon is going to
be uh live streaming from outside the
jail he's going to go to tomorrow but
tonight from U 8:00 to 9:00 eastern time
he's going to have a special 1 hour I'm
going to jail
special now here's the thing that I
don't think Democrats understand about
Steve
Bannon here's what you don't want to do
to Steve
Bannon crucify him put him in a cave and
then roll a big rock in front of the
doorway of the cave and say I think
we're done with
that say no more say no
more all right uh I love the fact that
Steve Bannon is going to um take their
jail and he's going to turn it into an
opportunity to power up they are handing
him power and he said thank you I'll
take it it won't be easy there's not you
know let's not make light of it jail is
jail Steve bannon's not going to be
having a good time it's not going to be
safe not even a little
bit but uh he's going to do it so is's
going to die for our sins I guess but
he'll be
back uh stronger and he'll definitely be
stronger you you know he will when he
comes
out well I saw a picture of the White
House Doctor Who's been telling us that
Biden is fit as a fiddle and ready for
business and you wondered what would he
look like you know what would that
doctor look like now I'm not going to
show you a picture of him because you
can look at it yourself on social media
but but I'm just going to tell you this
one thing about the doctor that says
that Biden was just
fine his haircut is the same haircut as
Jim Carrey from Dumb and
Dumber he's the White House doctor
now I'm not all about fashion I mean
look at me I'm certainly not the one to
give you any fashion tips but I do know
a red flag when I see it and if you're a
White House doctor
has a Dumb and Dumber
haircut and he thinks that Biden looks
fine to
him I would ask some questions I would
just ask some questions this would be
way funnier if I showed you the picture
but trust me he's got a legit Dumb and
Dumber haircut and he's the White House
doctor those two things shouldn't happen
at the same time pick one you could be
the White House doctor or you could have
a Dumb and Dumber haircut don't do both
don't do both
well one of the funnier stories of the
day I'm not sure how much I buy into
this but it's so much fun I'll tell you
so Western lensman in the count on X um
says until the hoax went down in flames
on Thursday night Legacy Media have been
promulgating the big lie about Joe
Biden's cognitive decline for years now
here's the fun part to what lengths were
they prepared to go now I'm going going
to go a little bit into conspiracy
theory or is it here's what I can't tell
this might actually be completely true
or it could be a little you know little
bit of a reach you decide does this
sound true to you that uh in the run up
to the 2020 election PBS did uh they
produced a show that Western lensman
characterizes as an entire propaganda
film uh disguised as a documentary to
convince you that Biden once had a
stutter and that he was engaged in a
heroic journey to prove his doubters
wrong now I said to myself when I read
that well well I thought everybody knew
that I I thought that was just standard
knowledge that he had a stutter when he
was
young and uh but here's the thing PBS
did an entire documentary about his
stutter when he was young but did not
provide any video or audio
of any time in his life in which he's
stuttered there there's no prior example
of him
stuttering now you could say well maybe
they didn't want that on video or audio
so there's a reason that we don't have
it but wouldn't he still have it you
know when he was
29 yeah wouldn't wouldn't it pop up once
in a while when he was already in public
service there's not one video of him
stuttering there's other stuff going on
but not the stutter and so the question
is the question is did they make up the
stutter story to cover for his cognitive
decline do you think that happened do
you think PBS literally did an
entire um propaganda piece for the only
for the purpose of making you think it
cognitive decline was something
else I'm not quite ready to buy that
I'm not quite ready but it raises an
interesting question why don't we see
any evidence that he ever had a
stutter so I'm not ready to rule it out
yet so I'm not ready to buy into this
but if you put it with everything else
we found out you know that the things
that we know for
sure are that he was certified as good
to go and he's been in dementia for
years so you wouldn't have thought that
was possible so when I tell you well
maybe PBS created a whole brainwashing
you know
documentary your first impression is
well no no nobody is that extensive in
their
hoaxer but they really are they are that
extensive have you heard of the fine
people hoax the uh the Russia collusion
hoax the laptop hoax they're
complicated they're they're really big
and organized and have multiple players
yes yes it's entirely within the realm
of possibility that the PBS thing was
done for no reason other than to
convince you he doesn't have a cognitive
decline I don't think so I would bet
against it but it's within the realm of
possible and that's
weird well journalism uh let me give a
warning uh I'm going to say a topic
which will trigger a lot of NPCs here
now if you're an NPC let me tell you
what you should say from your limited uh
pallet of things you say uh I'm going to
say something and then you're going to
say while misunderstanding what I'm
saying you're going to say but that
happened a long time ago Scott you might
even give a
date but that will be misunderstanding
what I said it won't stop you so I'd
like to encourage the NPCs to say Scott
that happened a long time ago why are
you saying it just happened all right so
now that you're primed NPCs know what to
do players know what to do good here's
the
story journalism died this
week journalism as a as a
profession it died this
week go ahead NPCs tell me it died in
2000 or died before you can't resist I
know you can't you're you're you're like
holding your hands like must must type
then it wasn't this week must must type
in comments that happened long before
this week why do you think it was this
week no listen to me listen to me I
didn't say that journalism's became
turds this week now listen to what I
said I didn't say that they stopped that
they suddenly started being bad that's
not what I'm
saying I'm saying that the industry was
destroyed the reputation
they were bad
forever but got away with it until this
week this is the first time that the
silos between the the two worldviews I
just fell apart it's the only time and
do you know why it's the first time that
those weird silos of misinformation fell
apart because it's the first time that
most of the country saw Trump in a
natural environment with Biden it's the
first time they had access to something
that looked true and when people saw it
they said wait a minute my news people
have been telling me for years that he's
fine and there isn't the slightest
chance they didn't all know the
problem now we know that every one of
them knew the problem and they told you
they didn't see it a lot of them didn't
you know half of the half of them said
they
didn't so that's
different imagine that you went into
journalism you know whenever Jake Tapper
did you said to yourself if I can make
it in this business I will be one of the
most respected people in today's society
I'll be like a Walter
kronite well now we all had our
suspicions about the media but not this
deep well some of us did I guess half
half the country did but the other half
the Democrats still were believing that
at least the Press was on their side
they believe that even the Press lied at
least it was lying for their benefit and
maybe it was biased but it was biased
for them whatever this is is something
different this was not being biased in a
way that would help Democrats and boy
did they find out they just said uh if
we'd known this a year ago we would not
be in this fix so not only did the news
screw the Republicans or try to it
missed on that but it completely gaslit
and completely brainwashed their own
team to the what I would consider is the
verge of generational destruction of the
entire Democratic party they're on the
verge of a generational collapse it will
take a long time to recover
from I would say that that's new what's
new is that both sides see it at the
same time and there's no question about
it and they know it was they
know it wasn't a mistake people know it
wasn't a mistake everybody knows it
wasn't a mistake that's different than
20 years
ago all
right so I'd expect a backlash so I
think that the uh the news people who
realized that Democrats uh had coer them
into destroying not only truth but their
own
reputations the Democrats in the in the
Press Now understand that their own
lives have been destroyed their
reputations their Professional Pride
have been destroyed by the Democrats who
pushed them into becoming propagandists
because if they didn't become
propagandists they wouldn't have access
to Democrats they wouldn't be able to go
to parties so they were essentially
blackmailed in a a social sense into
conforming and then were blackmailed and
then they lost if you get blackmailed
the one thing that you do expect is like
oh at least I get I got blackmailed I
had to pay something but at least I got
something out of it right if they had
become
propagandists bad they wouldn't like it
but at least if they were respected
they'd say well I sure don't like being
a propagandist but I sure like having a
respected job in the media the Democrats
took both away from them they talk they
took their honor honesty they took their
honesty they turned them into liars and
then they revealed they revealed the
liar they revealed the lies to the
public that is somebody you don't trust
I would trust a real black mailer more
than I would trust the Democrats because
a real blackmailer has at least some
chance of doing what they said they
would do you know not always but the
Democrats just said that they're going
to Blackmail you
and they're going to and after you've
done what they want they're going to
release the blackmail information that's
what happened we're going to make you
propagandists but it's okay because
nobody will really know for sure oh
except that we're going to tell them for
sure you're a propagandist after you've
been doing it for a few years you can't
you can't go back oh my God if I were in
the Press right now if my job were to
carry the water for the Democrats I
would be throwing them so far under the
bus I would be them as hard as I
could because of what they did to me for
the last five years and the reputational
Damage they
did and I think you're going to start to
see that I think you already are uh
Tucker Carlson was in Australia giving a
speech he couldn't have been happier
because he'd seen the debate recently
and he tells the story of uh he you know
he's connected with people lived in
Washington for a long time so he knew
people who knew people so he was behind
the curtain kind of guy in a maximum way
and he said that since
2019 he knew from personal contacts with
the Biden family that the Biden family
knew he had dementia they were concerned
because he wanted to run they didn't
want him to run because he had dementia
and that was known to people who were
close to the family because somebody
that was close to the family was close
to Tucker and he knew it and he signed
on TV and everybody mocked them for it
we called them racist as he says as he
says they call you racist if you get
something right um but part of the story
I think this is maybe speculative but
it's something that Tucker put out there
uh that the family didn't think he would
get nominated so they may have been just
sort of playing along thinking that you
know it was just sort of a last to ra he
wants to do it can't say no but they
didn't think he'd actually get nominated
because they could see where they could
see he was kind of gone and then he did
and then uh there are lots of
accusations I think also look real they
look real to some level but maybe Hy
hyperbole which is that Jill has been
running the country and that she doesn't
want to give up her power and her
lifestyle and her State dinners and her
fancy dresses and she doesn't want to
have to be the one who's the wet nurse
to Biden all day long and frankly it
might be about the
money I I think the thing that you
forget is that their money sources dried
up and it's going to be real expensive
to have full-time care for Biden forever
which is where he's
at so I think that uh Jill is making and
has made
realworld completely explainable
decisions based on the situation she's
in and you know you could imagine a
human in that situation would act the
way She's accused of being acting I
think it goes too far to say that we
know exactly what she's thinking or why
she's doing
it but those would be reasonable
speculations that we haven't heard
enough from her to disprove so at this
point maybe Jill has been running the
country I don't
know um so both the New York Times and
NBC News have both reported that Jill
Biden is the primary decision
maker hold that in your head
these are the two um well two of the
three biggest propaganda machines The
Washington Post being the other NBC News
and New York Times and they both
surprised they're on the same they're on
the same page surprise uh so they're
saying that Jill Biden is the primary
now that obviously shows they want Biden
to leave the race it can't be more
obvious than that and so they're putting
that out there too that Jill Biden might
be the primary decision maker now I
think it's probably more
complicated I think that Jill Biden
doesn't know the details of a lot of
policies so she's probably just taking
the word of the experts who come to her
and say you know you got to tell your
husband to do this or that and she would
probably say well I don't know much
about you know
geopolitics but if you say so I'll tell
them so I don't think it's exactly
her looking at the policies and making
decisions with the exception of maybe
something simple like abortion or
something but I feel like the experts
are telling her what to tell Biden and
maybe she's doing it so it's probably
some hybrid between she's the Gaye
keeper yes but she's probably not
assuming she knows how to make policy
that's my guess
anyway um but let's take the theory from
n news in New York Times that Michelle
that Jill Biden has been running the
show and that brings up an awkward
question how come every time we talk
about who might replace Joe Biden we
talk about Melle
Obama Michelle Obama why because she had
once been married to a
president well if it's true according to
the New York Times and the NBC News
which Democrats believe is truth
Jill Biden has been running the country
for three and a half years and she's
done a great job according to Democrats
Democrats will tell you that the first
three and a half years under Biden were
just Gang Busters you know he got he got
legislation through he fixed all the
Trump's problems man he's killing it
well if it's also true as the New York
Times and NBC report that Jill was the
one who was the decision maker then it
follows that Jill Biden has three and a
half years of being one of the best
presidents the Democrats have ever seen
why would they skip her when they're
trying to decide who would replace Joe
Biden she's the obvious choice she's
been making his decisions for three and
a half years she knows how the whole
town works by
now and she's successful experienced
successful currently doing the job how
do you beat that
how do you beat that and and why would
they even think that Michelle Obama or
why would you think Michelle Obama would
skip the old white
lady well you know at least Jill's got a
little Dei you know magic in her because
she's a woman so that's not nothing but
I feel like maybe it's a little Dei
problem that you'd say how about
Michelle Obama has no interest in
politics and has never run a country
instead of the old white woman who
clearly has an interest interest in
politics and has been running the
country according to Democrats really
well she's killing
it anyway point is they're not being
genuine with you I think we need a
betting pool for which a celebrity
supporter of uh Biden will leave the
sinking ship
last because think of all these people
who are still trying to support um Biden
Sten Clooney the the view the host on
The View Robert rer Stephen King John
kusk Reed Hoffman and dairo and Rob
Riner did I say him twice
okay and Rob Riner just posted Rick
Wilson once said quote everything Trump
touches dies if we allow him to become
president democracy will die now let me
give a little uh advice to Rob
Riner uh when to know when to quit
it's hard to know when to quit you know
as Kenny Rogers said you got to know
when to hold them and know when to fold
them got to know one to quit and I'll
tell you there's a a signal that you
could look for in yourself in your own
actions that would tell you it's time to
quit talking in public and the biggest
signal that you should never talk in
public again is if you think quoting
Rick
Wilson is uh winning an argument
so hey you
trumpers I got a Zinger for you here's a
quote from Rick
Wilson that should put it over the
top no if you're quoting Rick Wilson for
your political opinions that's a signal
you should never talk in public again
trust me on this if you find yourself
doing
it stop talking in public close all of
your social media accounts and and don't
accept any uh social invitations you're
not a person who should be around other
people something's going wrong you need
to fix that first okay uh so anyway my
money's on Punchy dairo as being the
last one off the sinking
ship I think what will be interesting is
that whoever is the last to
leave we are we will presume is the most
blackmailed I think we all have the same
feeling that some of these characters
almost certainly are being blackmailed
into their support of Biden doesn't it
feel like that to
you there's something going on
somebody's being paid to do it these
don't seem like genuine opinions
honestly it I know what a genuine
opinion looks like it doesn't look like
these guys they they look like some of
them I'm not going to name names
specifically but some of the people on
the list just look like the CIA must
have some sexy secrets on them something
there there's something going on here
that's not they're not acting like
normal smart people there's something
going
on well we've got a news report from
insiders uh that would have been nice to
know this earlier but apparently people
knew this but didn't tell us until now
keep in mind they didn't tell you until
now apparently Biden is pretty cogent
from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. but before
and after those times uh he cannot be
trusted this is something they've known
for a
while wouldn't it be nice to mention
that the president of the United States
is functional only 25% of every day I
feel like that would have been important
to know if journalism was a real job but
it isn't it isn't it's not a real
job all right
uh so there's a
what what
percentage of people uh who were
surveyed let's see this was a CBS poll
what percentage say that Biden has
cognitive ability to do the
job what's your guess oh my God you're
so good yeah 25% but actually 27 so 27%
of people after the debates think that
uh Biden has a cognitive ability for the
job now if if you're new to my live
stream we have a running gag that is
that 25% of the public will get every
poll question wrong and by wrong I mean
that usually there's a smart answer and
a really stupid one the stupid one in
this case I mean unambiguously stupid
it's really obvious Biden doesn't have
the cognitive ability for another term
right even the smart Democrats believe
that to be obvious and true and yet
and yet in one of the rare cases where
the top Republicans and the top
Democrats are on exactly the same page
that Biden does not have the cognitive
ability still 25% of the public said he
looks fine to me I I don't even know
what you're talking about he looks good
to
me you mean his stutter you're talking
about his stutter why are you holding
that against him he overcame that
so uh then a Wall Street Journal story
reveals that Biden was so feeble at a G7
Summit that he needed help reading
talking
points and he missed a dinner for world
leaders he had he needed help reading
talking points off a
page so that's nothing to worry
about aren't you glad we're not sending
Trump to the G7 and embarrassing us
because the way he slaps
backs oh no the
embarrassment I I how did I ever get
over it the embarrassment of trump
meeting with world leaders uh they were
laughing behind his back yeah they're
they're totally not laughing about Biden
behind his back yep nope nobody's doing
that I don't see any reporting about
them laughing behind his back that he
can't
read all the time sometimes he
can anyway uh the uh Fox News is
reporting that Biden raised $27 million
after the worst debate in the history of
the world somebody smart on X said
that's probably a
trick and the trick is probably that
that was money that was already
committed and they just waited until
after the debate so they could say that
whatever happened look at all the money
he raised so he must have
won so don't think that he really raised
money based on that debate it was
probably people who had pre-committed
and couldn't back out because I ask you
this who would be smart enough to have
millions of dollars that they could
debate so they have to be smart enough
to have millions of dollars and yet so
 dumb that they think putting it
in Biden's campaign will be a plus that
the world will be better or that their
money will be well spent who exactly has
millions of dollars and is that dumb at
the same time
that's got to be a really small group of
people at this point I mean I'd love to
see them do they all have haircuts like
the White House doctor I feel like every
one of them is going to have that Dumb
and Dumber haircut here's the million
dollars it looks good to me I think his
cognitive abilities look just
fine all
right I was uh amused to find out do you
know the all-in Pod you know the all-in
podcast it's got you know David Sachs
and chamoth and the other two who don't
get as much
attention and you've probably recognized
if you know if you're a trump supporter
and you watch the social media uh you've
probably seen them and you probably said
to yourself oh my God these guys are
smart did you did you have that same
feeling that no matter whether you agree
with them or not you're getting the best
yeah Jason and uh
freedberg try to remember their names um
but if you watch that and I do it's one
of my favorites I I always go away from
it thinking oh my God they're so smart
do you have that feeling you don't
really listen to
podcasters who are that smart you know
maybe if you're lucky you get a a Jordan
Peterson or you know somebody like that
but typically I'm not listening to a
podcast and thinking to myself my God
how much do they know they know so many
things about so many things and they can
put them in the right frame and describe
them well I mean it's just it's just
such a addition to the political
conversation because they're not
partisans per se you know they take aide
but it's based on what makes sense it's
not based on this was my team so it's
always my team so they're probably one
of the strongest intellectual
contributions to the United States in
how long maybe ever I don't know it's
one of the best things I've ever
seen but did you know that there's a
Democrat version of that in which is
like opposite
world it's called the uh pod save
America and and like the all-in Pod it's
looks like four friends or is it five
and they sit around a
table
and unlike the Allin pod they might be
the dumbest people you've ever seen in
your life and I watched it in just
Fascination just Fascination so they W I
watched the their podcast after they
uh um after they did after they watched
the debate and they were all you know
mourning and they were quite clear that
Biden had the bed so nobody was
kidding themselves you know he he was
gone gone but they're basically the the
feminine version of the all-in
Pod you know I'm not saying that the
all-in Pod guys you know are are bench
pressing 300 lbs a piece I'm saying that
when you listen to them they sound like
males like men talking like
men and if you listen to pod save
America they're all men but they they
have feminine
characteristics now I'm not saying
that's good or bad right there's no
judgment whatsoever I I don't know if
they're lgbtq or not I couldn't tell and
that's not important what what's
interesting is that there's there's like
a a a reverse group that's so they so
maps to the Allin pod but the bad
version again bad is not characterizing
their femininity is just saying that
they have bad
opinions and here's the sort of thing
one of them was saying while waving his
hands and gesticulating like crazy
uh talking about Biden and replacing him
we need to have this
conversation now whenever anybody says
we need to have this
conversation you should turn the
channel it means they don't have
anything the reason you turn into
podcast is because you need to have the
conversation if what the podcast tells
you is you need to have a
conversation but you tuned in to have a
conversation what exactly are they
adding so this the least added thing you
can ever say now I do say it sometimes
too I mean everybody says it once in a
while but if it's your main go-to well
yeah got a problem you have to have a
conversation about it how about saying
we should replace
them how about pushing it a little bit
but no we got to have a conversation now
to me that sounds
feminine doesn't it it doesn't sound
what like what men say what men usually
say is here's what we got to do they
might be right they might be stupid but
men usually say here's what we got to do
right or wrong what they don't say is we
have to have a conversation that is so
feminine sounding to me and I'm going to
a point here they're also afraid to
death about the John favro is talking
about the the danger of trump and you
know the scary scary future and you know
they would they might have to support
anybody but Trump because Trump future
is so so scary what does that sound
like
men no it sounds like
women I can't remember the last time I
was afraid the way they act
afraid I've never been afraid like that
I get angry if I don't like things you
know I do things sometimes but I've
never just sat around being afraid oh my
God oh my God it's just completely
feminine energy it's so interesting
so the question I would ask is what
exactly is this fear can you be more
specific now if asked this question of a
number of people do you know what they
always say what do people always say
every time in in a general sense what do
they always say when uh they say Trump
is too
scary uh and you say give me an example
like
scary scary in what sense exactly scary
in can you give me some for instances
you know what they do they will always
mention a
hoax that they either believe is true or
they want you to believe in true and if
you debunk that hoax what are they going
to do they go to the next hoax every
time if they say the fine people hoax
and you debunk it show them that that's
been debunked Snopes debunked it the
transcript debunks it do they say whoa
that really changes my thinking no they
will immediately go to another hoax well
he said that the all the Mexicans are
rapists was suppos you debunk that
because of course he never meant all the
people are racist you know it was more
about just hyperbole suppose you
successfully debunked the idea that he
was being racist and that he was just
using hyperbole about too much crime CRI
across even if they accepted it you know
what they would say next yeah but you
have to see it in the context of the
fine people hoax plus all the other
things he said like the hole
countries and they say wait a minute
wait a minute the hole countries
again was not about race it was about
their socioeconomic situation and
whether they're sending us trained
qualified educated people okay sure okay
maybe you can think of it that way but
when you put it in the context of the
fine people hoax which they wouldn't
call
hoax so i' I've said before they have a
mesh network of hoaxes when one of the
hoaxes goes down the other hoaxes help
it recover until it becomes whole again
and then you take down another node with
another debunk and it only takes a
minute for it to come back online it
it's the damnest thing they they have a
hoax mesh Network just like your Wi-Fi
home and it's really
powerful but it's mostly just words
he'll steal your
democracy uh by the way I just use AI to
create a image of an old old man with
his mouth hanging open sitting on a par
park bench which uh chat GPT gave me
instantly and uh I just put the text
when I posted it uh he's stealing my
democracy like a box of
chocolates because that's what I hear
stealing my democracy isn't even close
to a political thought that's pure
brainwashing anybody who really thinks
that's going to happen has to explain
the first four years without reference
to the January 6 hoax because the
stealing my
democracy they will refer to a hoax they
will never refer to anything real that
happened always a hoax well he tried to
take over the country what with
rearranging that Lecter and
stuff and and they actually say that
like that actually makes some sense that
he he had a path to take over the
country or even that he thought he
did describe that path exactly how do
you trespass your way into owning in a
country has anybody ever done that has
that ever worked anywhere I think we'd
like to uh audit the results give us two
days well that's a what kind of
insurrection are you trying to push here
no no no I no opposite of that I I
wanted to we all want to just make sure
that the anomalies we all see are
historical anomalies that are because of
some natural reason like a coincidence
or maybe they mean something because we
want to protect the Republic and make
sure we got the right answer well why
are you trying to overthrow the country
so hard no no no that's the opposite of
what we just said we're trying to
prevent the country from being
overthrown because it looks like that
just
happened well well well why are you
trying to steal my democracy okay I'm
not getting through what is happening
here and it's the mesh Network the mesh
Network keeps all the all the hoaxes
alive so it's created this this like
bubble this mesh Network bubble uh like
a bucky ball around these people and
they can't get out and when they get out
and see a glimpse of the real world for
the first time as they did with the
debate they are shocked and horrified
and their brains are just shutting down
I mean you can see complete panic and
the effect it has on reasoning Panic
does not help your reasoning skills and
you're seeing that from the Democrats
they've gone from not so clever to
batshit Crazy in about two seconds after
the debate so here are the things that
they say that that how in the world they
even come up with this he'll steal your
democracy he wants to be a dictator he's
bringing chaos he thinks he's Above the
Law he's going to take women's bodily
autonomy autonomy away he's going to put
journalists in
camps none of those are
real those are all based on their own
hoaxes they've hoaxed themselves into a
fright which is real now they may have
been aware at some point that each of
the nodes of the hoax mesh Network were
not exactly real but you know it worked
for politics so they didn't mind but at
some point and I mean this literally and
seriously they actually talk themselves
into their own
hoaxes and you know why they talk
themselves into their own
hoaxes cuz even if one of the hoaxes
doesn't look perfectly
real well you have to see it in the
context of all those other
hoaxes so they laundry list persuasion
themselves into a belief that they
didn't start with they I I believe
literally this is my interpretation I
believe they actually hypnotized
themselves Accidentally In in the effort
to hypnotize the other team I think they
brainwashed themselves into an actual
physical fear because you could see the
the uh the men on B save America they
looked actually afraid now some of it
might have been career-wise and you know
their team players and stuff but I think
they were actually afraid so they've
talked themselves into thinking that
there's a monster under the bed and that
the monsters stayed under the bed for
four years and never came out even
though they said he was and for
sure but they have that January 6 hoax
that they can hold on to and say he did
come out he just waited till the last
day and then he came out hard no he
didn't he told people to protest
peacefully and Nancy Pelosi apparently
fell down on the security job and it got
out of
hand but Democrats are scared to
death I would love to see Trump sit down
with some uh registered Democrats and
ask them what they're so afraid
of literally just have a lunch with some
Democrats say four Democrats sit there
at lunch put the microphone on have them
actually eat and have a you know just
spend an hour with the presid the future
president I think
um because here Trump has a has a super
weapon that he has not employed to its
highest degree his
superpower is that his Charisma is
outstanding like if you're in the same
room and I had had the pleasure of
experiencing it you can't you can't
dislike him he is so freaking likable
and here's why he's likable you know you
go into the room thinking oh he's too
he's too good for me he's a narcissist
it's all it's going to be all about him
and then you spend the entire time with
him intensely concentrating on you and
asking about your situation your
personal life your success in life and
your opinion that's what happened to me
and others report the same thing when
you're in the room with him he makes the
room disappear and you're the only one
in the room you can't even see the
furniture it's just you and him he
creates a world where it's just you and
him and he cares about you he can do
that to anybody he didn't do it just
because I'm a supporter it's natural
it's just him he has crazy crazy
interpersonal skills you don't see it
when he's talking in public because he's
in he's sort of in presentation you know
bombastic mode but as soon as you get in
a room with him where you're just
people he's so powerful like you you
don't know how powerful he is in person
it's
crazy um so they also have the problem
that he's a convicted felon and he's got
bad character I think the the answers to
that are they all are you know if you
think you're picking the politician who
didn't cheat on his wife come on
maybe good luck with that you you're
picking the politician who didn't do
anything that you don't
like good luck with that good luck with
that so I don't think that's a real
thing I think he's just Trump is just
more transparent because he's been
studied to death and he admitted who he
is and we found out and then we said oh
well that's why you told us who you were
everybody
knew all right so somebody uh somebody
else was watching the uh
the Pod save America the one I was
talking about with the Democrats who
were all
worried Jeff kopage on X said quote
could any of those guys change
attire I thought that summed it up
pretty good all right James Carville was
on yet another show saying that the
Democrats are using feminine messaging
and they're too preachy that is correct
the Democrats are using feminine
messaging but also the men the men who
are Democrats as in the uh the uh PS of
America they're men but it's a feminine
message we're afraid we're afraid of the
scary guy that's just so purely
feminine all right so I think Carville
got a lot of love in the audience um for
that so the funniest thing is that
people are saying uh people trying to
defend Biden they're trying to figure
out any way to defend him and they
they've they' settled on Biden started
to debate a little slow but he picked up
speed toward the
end so I did a meme on X where an old
man is falling off a cliff because you
know the part where he's on the cliff at
the
top he starts a little slow but once he
falls off the cliff he picks up a lot of
steam right toward the end there that's
what it felt like to me sort of not the
biggest
compliment um and then other are saying
they would vote for a dead Trump they
would vote for a dead Biden over a
living Trump because Trump is so scary
again how about having lunch with him
see if you think he's scary or he just
uses hyperb to help you see what you
think uh speaking of the all-in Pod
David saaks did a summary of where we're
at and it's such a perfect summary I'm
just going to read it to you said quote
the Democratic party is a collection of
interests so that's that's the the best
way to understand the Democrats is not
their one thing they're not one thing
and Obama's in charge it's definitely
not that they're a collection of
interests that are compatible but
different uh there a collection of
interests who want to remain in power of
course everybody does the Democratic
party is the party of government its
goal is to allocate money and power from
the government to the collection of
interests who back the Democratic party
that is correct in other words it's
basically a collection of interests who
want to loot the
Republic that is
correct um well obviously no one's going
to vote for that so they have to make it
about something else they choose a
figurehead they talk about how this is
about saving democracy H they basically
invent hoax after hoax almost like a
hoax mesh of some sort lie after lie to
basically maintain their power and I
think what's happening is the mask has
come off the whole shell game has been
revealed
it's obvious that Biden was always a
puppet for these interests who were
hiding behind him and now it's all being
exposed and that is exactly what's
happening it's not about Biden's bad bad
uh performance it's about ripping the
lid off the whole system because you can
see it clearly now you can see it's a
bunch of interests who want their jobs
they want their government contracts
they want their military industrial
purchases and they will rather have a
corpse in office if it gets them
paid all
right um so now let's check in with the
Democrats so you saw how smart the
all-in Pod can be in Sachs in particular
uh let's see some democrat thinking
because surely there are a lot of
brilliant people over on the Democrat
side so they must be doing good things
too um so they're mostly talking about
replacing Biden and I guess the Biden's
meeting in Camp David with his family
today to decide about the
future but uh it's going to be tough
because if they replace him they can't
really take Nome for example and have
him skip over the black woman who's the
vice president so as Melissa Chen noted
uh the problem that they have is don't
forget that one of the major reasons the
Democrats are in this bind which is they
can't use Biden and they can't replace
them that's the bind the reason they're
in this bind is because of
Dei well thank God I'm not the only one
who noticed right now my argument about
Dei in case you're knew has nothing to
do with anybody's race or sex or gender
or anything it has only to do with a
system design if you design a system
that has more demand for something than
there is Supply something will get
distorted because of that imbalance
and in my opinion there were not enough
highly qualified uh diverse people to
pick as vice president so Biden picked
the best person who was available in The
Limited pool of available candidates now
in my opinion the reason the pool is
limited has a lot to do with the failure
of uh Early Education there should be a
whole bunch more black women who when
you looked at KLA Harris you said huh
she's one of people who could start
tomorrow and be the president we should
be if we had better you know young
education but we are where we are the
the supply of capable diverse people is
less than anybody wants and if you have
to pick one somebody's going to pick
whatever's left and that's what come L
us she had two things going for her she
looked less capable than Biden so you
always like your vice president to be a
a notch below which was a hard bar you
know hard to get somebody who's capable
and also looks worse than Biden that's
kind of an
impossibility and then also has to be
diverse so think of the
impossibility has to be a capable
person but also less capable than Biden
and Biden was already as low in the
capability as you could get as we know
now it was obvious to us and then she
also has to be diverse in just the right
way not not just black half black and
not just a woman she's got to have them
both so now they can't get rid of her
because if they do it's going to be
going against all their deepest
principles and uh it's going to be quite
a problem so I don't think so I'm going
to say that Nome has no chance of being
the
nominee Nome has no
chance cuz he's a white
guy that's it there's just no way that's
going to fly in the Democrat Party of
today by the way barari
sers um who's a Democrat and who's black
and was on CNN said it directly there's
no way the white guy is going to jump
over the the black woman you know the
Democrats just aren't going to go for
that and I think he's right I think that
analysis is exactly
correct so here's the funny
part here comes the funny
summary funny summary now remember the
concept of a funny summary because I'm
going to talk about it when I get to the
Whiteboard here's my funny summary now a
funny a summary is only funny if it
strikes you as true and you didn't quite
think of it in those terms yet so here
it is our current situation is that the
public just found
out that Joe Biden is
incompetent now what's funny about that
situation is
everybody who was a republican knew that
and apparently everybody in the Press
knew he was incompetent and they still
pushed him forward and it brought and it
brought them to this terrible situation
so if there's one thing you want to
avoid it's doing this again and by this
I mean putting somebody forward as a
nominee who everybody knows is massively
incompetent you don't want to do that
again
so you know what they're going to
do they're going to put K Harris
forward that's just Joe Biden
2.0 that's somebody that we all know is
incapable of doing the basic work we
know it and by the way I'm not saying
you know I never said that Hillary
Hillary Clinton was incapable did you
ever hear me say that and I was very you
know anti- Hillary Clinton her problem
is she's too capable at what she wants
to do no Hillary Hillary Clinton is a
very high functioning human
being I don't say this about every
Democrat but how did they find the two
worst Democrats in all of democrat world
who you know weren't nler I suppose they
could have been Nadler so there was way
that could have been worse
but the summary is
this the Democrats and their press got
caught putting an incompetent forward
and so to make sure that never happens
again they're going to put KLA Harris
forward now you could not write that
joke and people think it was real like a
real life thing they'd say well that's
not going to happen the obvious thing
they're going to do is make sure they
don't make the same mistake again but
because of
Dei they looks like they're going to
make the same mistake again they're just
going to recreate the same
problem and I don't think that they have
an organizational design in the
Democrats where they can avoid this
problem they've designed a system that
guarantees they will recreate the
problem and then they're going to do it
right in front of you to show that I'm
right that the design of the system can
only produce incompetent people at this
point and it has nothing to do with race
or gender the system
design can only produce incompetence at
this point
sorry I didn't design it I'm just
observing the system designed on paper
can only produce
incompetence now I'm not sure that
that's the same on the other side I
think the Republicans put forward a
whole bunch of good candidates in the
primaries and I think that one of those
candidates destroyed the others thus
demonstrating a superior ability to
communicate with you know similar
policies in a sense both Superior
ability to do the communication stuff so
that's Merit I mean the the Republicans
ran pure Merit and look what they got
they got a candidate who could destroy
Bo Biden in public their system the
Republican system on paper because it's
competitive you should predict it would
produce a good candidate and it did the
Democrat process if you throw the Dei
stuff in there on paper it should fail
most of the time time and it
is all
right
um so how can the uh how can the
Democrats make the same mistake again
well as a ex user whose name I'm not
going to tell you because it's uh
intentionally chosen to be
provocative but part of his name is Kyle
so I think Kyle said this uh the
Democrats are unburdened by what has
been
okay that was
good they can make the same mistake over
and over again because they're
unburdened by what has been they
literally can't
learn okay that's just perfect that's
just perfect Tyler you get you get the
win for the day uh David ax aod I don't
know if he means it or not I think he
does uh he said it's too late to replace
Biden it was a smart conversation a year
ago but he's not going to quit and he's
the only one who can
decide and uh even though the Heritage
Foundation and others are working on
legal challenges if he St if he is
replaced apparently there are three
swing States Georgia Nevada and
Wisconsin that could theoretically
restrict
Biden's uh replacement on the ballot
here's what I
think I think there's no real chance
that three states would U mess with a
Democrat candidate to that level I think
that even though there's not much time
left if those three states thought that
they could not have a legitimate
election they wouldn't let their state
look like idiots they would immediately
jump into action and say all right all
right we'll reprint the ballots or
whatever they have to do and we'll make
sure that everybody can
run I think the fact that they have
legal obstacles about changing somebody
out uh after a certain point I think
they'll be flexible and by the way they
should I don't I don't want I don't want
Trump to win because of a technicality
are you with me now I know some of you
can say all the matters is winning I get
it I get it I've heard your argument but
it's going to be big trouble if the only
reason Democrats think they won is
because the states were messing with the
rules that's that's what Democrats do
that's not what you want your
Republicans to be doing you don't want
them to get some technical cheap
 win
you want you want Trump to do what he's
poised to do bulldoze Biden into the
dust bin of History right in front of
everybody using their rules just the way
they're
written that's the win you want so I
have mixed feelings about keeping him
off the ballot um I don't think I think
Axel Rod might be pumping up his own
resume because I guarantee you that a
year ago he was telling people on the
inside Maybe should think about a
replacement I think he's reminding you
that people like him were the Smart Ones
and the people currently in charge are
incompetent I think that's the real
message I don't know if his prediction
that Biden will definitely stay in is
real I would bet against them and by the
way that's a gutsy bet because because
Axel Rod well
no I'm I'm going to stick with my
original prediction so I'm going to
agree with Axel Rod I was going to
disagree but just for fun you know
predictions are as much for fun as
anything else just for fun I'm going to
stick with my original prediction that
only Biden can decide and he won't
decide he'll stay in now I said that
before I knew the entire family was
going to meet this
weekend the family will clearly try to
talk him out of it do you agree the
family will clearly try to talk him out
of it that's the whole point they're not
going to meet to not talk him out of it
they're meeting to talk him out of
it that's pretty strong I think I think
Biden doesn't have the strength to
contradict his own family if they if
they act as one I don't think they have
any um yeah I'm saying Nome can never be
the nominee that's what I'm saying Nome
can never jump over Harris because that
would be a Dei problem and their whole
reputation is Dei if they give that up
what were they what are the Democrats
what are they if they ignored Dei when
they picked their candidate that that
would be the last thing that they had
going for them is at least they were
pushing for that one thing and people
liked it some
people so no there is there is no path
there is no path for Nome and he knows
it by the way he knows it maybe there
will be but it's the current environment
there's no
path anyway uh um
I heard a anecdote the other day and it
goes like this there were about 10
people at a family
gathering and everybody was talking
about the debate and they were a mixed
group you had your Independents and your
Trump supporters and few
Democrats and what did all 10 of them
say after the
debate all 10 of them they're all
leaning in the same direction what was
after the debate 10 people from various
different parties what did they say you
guess you tell me what they
said what would you guess 10 people in a
room would say after the debate when
they were in they were different
political
leanings if if you don't know the answer
to this you might have a big surprise
coming they said they're voting for RFK
Jr 10 out of
10 10 out of
10 now the 10 out of 10 was somebody's
assumption they didn't all say they were
voting for him but they all said you
know what RFK Jr's looking
good
so here's what happened while you
weren't
watching you know RFK Jr that spunky
Challenger who didn't have really any
chance of
winning remember that
guy he's a coin flip
now RFK Jr is a coin flip if you think
that the last week showed you that Trump
is going to roll to Victory oh we got
lots of surprises coming you got lots of
surprises and one of them is since we
know the the Democrats will literally
will literally say we prefer a dead man
to Trump RFK Jr is way better than a
dead
man way
better right now he might have a little
problem beating the character ISS issue
because he's got some things in his past
but at the moment people seem to like
him on both sides at least you know as a
human being and as a patriot and as a
you know benefit to the country I think
he's all those things so I think he's
going to enter the conversation in the
big way it's going to happen really fast
and you're going to say to yourself oh
 maybe Trump should not have taken
Biden out so quickly
but RFK Jr has the older white man
problem I don't think he can get past it
but he might take enough votes away from
Trump that it becomes a problem that's
possible anyway if you haven't seen the
split screen of Biden talking in 2019
versus 2024 you have to see it um
because it's a big difference now as uh
chamoth said in the all pod that people
don't understand a rate of Decay that if
you look at something that's falling
apart it doesn't fall apart at a smooth
1% per year lots of things times things
start slowly oh looks like it's falling
apart a little bit yeah a little bit
more a little bit more and then falls
apart if you don't understand that there
are some things by their nature that
fall in that way first slowly and then
fast then you didn't necessarily know
that Biden was a bad choice in 2019 and
20 I knew I knew then that he was not
going to make it the full term and the
reason is that I know rate of Decay I've
watched old people die and I know that
it starts slow and then it turns fast
really quickly so I've seen that cycle
several times so yes if you looked at
him in 2020 and you said to yourself
he's not so bad like I you know I see a
little Taste of something that's
worrisome but he's mostly there if you
straight lined that and said well that's
who he'll be for a years you were not a
good analyst the good analysis should
have been uhoh we see a hint of this in
four years this is going to be a crisis
that was always the right play that's
that's exactly what I told you I say
he's not going to make it four years and
he didn't he did not make it his full
term th those who predicted he did not
have the mental health to make it even
one term can take a bow Take a Bow were
we doctors nope did I need a doctor's
expertise to call this one no all I
needed to know is that the rate of Decay
for somebody with you know a mental
problem like that is can be steep so it
was kind of an easy prediction and the
fact that others didn't get it suggests
that that rate of Decay thing can be
misleading
all right if you remember in 2016 I
became let's
say known within the political
commentary world for my comments about
Trump and persuasion and here's
something I missed and when it once it
hit me I thought oh my God Trump did his
Rosie odonnell thing again remember in
2016 he did the the debate where he was
challenged about his you know actions
with women or what he said about women
and he said only Ros O'Donnell and many
of us said my God that's the moment
that's when everything changed that's
when you realize that he was he was too
strong to be taken down by weak attacks
and that he's going someplace but he had
that moment uh in this last debate but
it was a little bit overshadowed by the
fact that Biden fell apart so Biden's
collapse was the big story which
diverted even me from noting that he
created a
Masterpiece a masterpiece now I I could
argue that his entire debate was a
masterpiece of persuasion if you allow
me that his factchecking was the usual
right but in terms of the energy the
leadership the you know the mental
acuity um the ability to move energy
around even the wise way he avoided
questions he's criticized for avoiding
questions but he did it wisely like he
just moved the conversation to where he
would he had a strength all of those
things are A+ right now I criticized him
and nitpicked him over some of the
arguments like not debunking the hoaxes
well enough and that's still a criticism
but he also didn't get into any of the
weeds much so if you allow that he's not
a weed getter into guy he's got a
strategy that works in debates he
employed his strategy that works in
debates which is not getting into too
many details staying at the high level
and also even his critics are saying he
did a great job of bringing everything
back to
immigration and he did he if you
remember one thing it's something about
immigration which plays to his strength
I barely remember any of the other
topics except that golf thing which I'm
not going to talk about because yeah
that was just fun but you all remember
when he
said after uh early on when uh Biden
mumbled and Trump let this go he said I
really don't know what he said at the
end of the sentence I don't think he
knows what he said
either I'm going to turn the board
around and tell you why if you didn't
realize it was more than just funny
because maybe your reaction was oh
that's funny it's just like good joke
and maybe you thought that's all it was
oh God
no this is something that only Trump can
do watch this
look how look how much technique he
packed into this number one he said it
quickly and it was funny and it was
clever what were they both trying to
prove that night they were trying to
prove that Biden had mental acuity the
moment he showed he didn't Trump not
only called him out which would have
been fine
not only called him out for his lack of
mental acuity but he demonstrated his
own quick wit contrast is your number
one you know well it's in the top five
uh persuasion techniques so he created
an instant contrast which he proved to
the world he's a fast thinker and a
productive fast thinker because not only
was he fast but he came up with the
perfect
spontaneous spontaneous
ad lived perfect persuasion it's the
only thing I remembered besides the golf
talk because it was funny it's all I
remembered and you wait a few days after
the debate and you say to yourself what
do you
remember you remember
that now it also had the effect of being
the Silent
Assassin you want Trump because he's
strong you want Trump if you want Trump
you want him because he can take down
his enemies without much effort you want
a guy who can make a kill shot and of
low energy Jeb you want somebody who can
change the world with a
sentence he was a Silent Assassin he
didn't make a big deal about it he
didn't he didn't put on a show he just
gave the face when he was listening to
him like the quizzical face your dog
makes when you're talking to your dog
and dog turns hiside I don't even know
what that word those words are so first
he gives you the visual where he's he's
obviously straining to even understand
what Biden is saying so that's good but
when he when he sticks the shiv
in it's just such a strong Silent
Assassin he didn't make a lot of noise
about it he just knew it was the kill
shot and so he didn't have to yell about
it he just said all right here's the
shiv put this right up to your ribs
there now I'm gonna I'm going to be
pressing this in really hard while
you're all watching there we go there we
go there we go now we've penetrated the
heart and now I'd like to tell you some
things I'll do as
president it was masterful right the
next thing he did was he found a
sentence or two that summarized the
entire
election the entire election is about
the cognitive you know value of one
person versus the other and he managed
to summarize the entire campaign with
this sentence we'll never
forget two
sentences I forgot it's on the other
side of my whiteboard but I didn't
forget the sentence the other thing he
did is with that one reframe he reframed
Biden as a child or as somebody who
needs extra
help because he didn't yell at
him and the way he talked to them is the
way you would only talk to a child if
somebody had mental problems and said
something you didn't understand would
you ever look him right in the face
while you're standing there and say I
didn't understand that and I don't think
you did either no would you say it to an
adult
no would you say it to a
child yeah you would if a three-year-old
said blah blah blah blah blah blah you
know and it was like half language and
half not you might you might say to a
child I don't know what you just said
there but I don't think you know
either you see what I mean you would
only say that to a child there's no
other
circumstance and so he reframes Biden as
someone that you can talk right
to as if he doesn't even understand what
you're saying while you're saying it the
reframe there was subtle but freaking
brilliant just the way that if he if
he'd gone strong it would look like two
adults so in other words if he said well
there it is there that's exactly what
I've been telling you people I make
sense he doesn't make sense he just
proved it
that would be two adults talking he
didn't do that he treated him like he
was a child and you can just
dismissively talk about him right in
front of him
brilliant but here's the big one there
are a couple other things but the mo the
strongest part is I've taught I've
taught my local subscribers this trick
it it is so powerful as a persuasion is
when you pce somebody which is you match
their thinking
you either match what they're doing or
or what they're thinking or saying so
there's different ways to Pace them it
basically makes you like the person
you're trying to persuade oh yeah I'm
like you whatever you're doing I'm doing
too and then the next thing you say
you're more persuasive because they say
well you're like me so I'll listen to
you as soon as Biden started mumbling
what were you thinking at home you were
thinking at exactly the time that Trump
said it you were thinking exactly what
he said
that is the most persuasive thing you
can do when somebody's in the room if
you can pick out what somebody's
thinking at the moment they're thinking
it and it's a non-standard thought all
right has to be non-standard a standard
thought would be wow it's hot today okay
you don't get any credit for that
because everybody knows it's hot it's an
ordinary thing I sure am hungry no no
even if the other person's hungry too
nothing right those are ordinary
thoughts but this was an extraordinary
situation a debate and a very unordinary
situation where one of the people said
something that didn't make sense to
anybody so Trump gets in all of her
heads Democrats and Republicans and at
as you're thinking it it comes out of
his
mouth oh my God you were thinking I
don't know what that
meant you are also thinking I don't know
if he knows what that meant
he said exactly what you were thinking
exactly when you thought it now even if
you if you take the timing out it
doesn't work if he had said it the day
after you know I don't know if you heard
him but I don't know what he said and I
don't think you know either no effect no
effect well a little bit it would be a
little bit of pacing but you would lose
the immediacy if you can do it at the
moment somebody's thinking it and by the
way I teach I teach this technique this
is a real powerful persuasion technique
um and he nailed it now imagine doing
that spontaneously and
instantly and having that much right but
it's better it keeps going it was funny
because it was funny and he knew it
would be funny humor makes you repeat it
in your head when you hear something
that's funny and it's clever your head
repeats it the repetition is what makes
something become more important in your
mind you can't not repeat it it's why
rhymes work you repeat Rhymes in your
head so that's why they get sticky so
humor is
repetition repetition forms
memory and as Dr Carmen Simon teaches us
memory is basically what's going to
drive your actions and your opinions so
humor is repetition repetition makes
memories memories is
persuasion and I also tell you that uh
visual persuasion is the most
powerful and you'd say well this isn't
really visual it's just something he
said except that we were looking at
Biden's face Biden's face was the visual
of the night the only visual that
anybody talked about is how bad his face
looked so when you match that you're
already thinking what is wrong with
Biden's
face with the fact that he's saying
sketchy stuff you get the visual for
free now I don't know that that was so
planned but it but it was
there it was also a surprise because you
don't expect somebody to say something
in a presidential debate that's quite
that clever and biting and right in your
face and so you might you might say well
it's not that big a surprise because
it's Trump but even for trump it came
you know maybe came out of nowhere so
surprise also gets your attention
attention is memory memory is
persuasion and I would also argue that
in a in a subtle
way uh Biden's obvious dementia is scary
now is scary in a a general way which is
uhoh who's running the
country um so you got fear you got an
indirect visual you got them thinking
what what you're thinking and saying it
as you're thinking it he's reframed him
as a child he's summarized the entire
ction he's a Silent Assassin he showed
contrast by being quick
witted it was
amazing he did that
spontaneously so you know when I had a a
chance to talk to him about persuasion
uh in the Oval Office in 2018 I actually
asked him you know have you studied
persuasion or is this natural and he
told me it was natural that you know you
made no special effort to stop yet it's
just a lifetime of picking up tips I
guess and uh that was that was the best
example you're ever going to see and so
that ladies and gentlemen is my show for
the day and uh I might do some more
persuasion white boards as we get closer
to the election I think they're they're
value added because you can pick up
little tricks you can use for yourself
and also you can watch for
them so I'm going to say bye to uh
YouTube and Rumble and thanks for
joining going to spend some time with my
special people my beloveds uh on locals
and glad you joined thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e e