pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey Reggie Ivanka hi everybody
come on in here jeremy Tyler JP and E
Mustang girl hey Mark go out in here
bikini ninja you have funny names
Suzy Rick um I know why you here I know
why you're here you're here for the
simultaneous it I dare say it's the best
sip of the day it's a way to get your
morning off to the right start I'll tell
you I can speak from experience I have
never died on a day when I've had a
simultaneous sip zero
that's my correlation in fact I'm
willing to say I will live forever if I
just keep drinking this delicious coffee
and it's time for all of you to join me
for the simultaneous sip quick quick
quick
grab your mugs your cups your vessels
your glasses with the liquid of your
choice coffee preferred at its time
oh so good all right I hope you're all
feeling good take a deep breath oh you
know sometimes you just need to be
reminded to relax so that's what I'm
here to do take a nice deep breath shake
it off get your get your muscles
loosened and you're off to a good start
now we got a few topics today let's talk
about health care health care as you
know is a big complicated area and
people like me don't know much about it
and people like you probably don't know
much about it either but a few
interesting things happening one is that
the government has apparently approved
some kind of telemedicine law and again
don't know the details but it looks like
the government has allowed some
doctoring over the internet for rural
areas and when I saw that I said to
myself what why does the government have
to allow that or fund it why is that
already happening but I think the the
issue is funding because they need to
reach these areas and they don't have
the infrastructure necessarily to do it
I think there might have also been some
laws about it at some point but I don't
know if that was part of the the current
changes tell a doctor yeah and so that
seems like a big deal I also see that
there are some changes in that the
government's made some changes on
something about short term insurance and
how you can extend it to from 3 months
to 12 months and whatever the change was
I don't really understand that but Rand
Paul seems to think it's a good idea and
when it comes to competition he's sort
of my alan dershowitz for competition
you know I've told you that on legal
matters I just wait to see what Ellender
Sherwood says because you know if he
likes it I'm probably gonna like it too
if he says it's good I'll probably think
it's good but on stuff like this health
care and specifically whether the
government's doing something for
competition
you know if Rand has looked at it and he
likes it you know I'm a lot closer to
like it myself would that really
understand me and I think most of us are
in the same boat you know okay I kind of
trust
he's very trustworthy you don't you
think Rand Paul I say good things about
him a lot even though I don't I don't
agree with him on all of his policy
everything I'm just talking about the
character of the individual he seems
like probably the most honest person in
the game right now
he just seems totally straight which
probably is why I can tell there are
some things I don't like because if
everybody else is lying you know you
don't know if you like it or not but
with it but we should know where he
stands yeah I don't know if he's an
idealist stories practical some of his
ideas seem a little a little impractical
I can't think of one in particular but
he certainly knows his stuff
anyway I can't get on with his neighbors
he says well a lot of us have that
problem so here's my larger point about
health care
it looks like stuffs happening it looks
like the administration is taking
advantage of technology and cutting
regulations those are the two most
fruitful paths compared to the you know
the Bernie Sanders wing that are saying
single-payer and health care or health
care for all and it's gonna cost us a
few extra trillion to do that that plan
while sounds good in theory the numbers
are hard to make make that work but
there may be something with technology
and with cutting regulations and
and goosing you know goosing the the
market that would get us there yeah I
think I talked about this before there
was some some law or regulation that
wouldn't allow a private doctor to have
an MRI machine because he and he could
charge you know very little like five
hundred dollars compared to thousands it
would cost if he went to a hospital and
it was just a like a regulation that
doesn't allow it and I'm thinking I'm
sure there's some explanation for that
but it's not quite obvious to me what it
is so I feel as though there's a
potential efficiency gain maybe fifty
percent you know just just what it feels
like an efficiency gain meaning the cost
of health care is probably fifty percent
higher than it needs to be for any good
reason it has to do with regulations and
inefficiency and doing things the old
way and not taking you to care not
taking advantage of technology and stuff
now yeah now so that's the the big
picture is that healthcare might be
moving in the right direction and then I
saw a tweet Mike sort of it's tweeted
the other day yesterday maybe about an
MIT professor slash scientist who came
up with a a pill that sort of like a
fountain of youth pill now if I told you
that just out of context and said
scientists came up with a Fountain of
Youth bill your first reaction would be
yeah we didn't
sounds like perpetual motion sounds like
sounds like bunk
and probably it is but the credentials
of the science scientists working on it
pluses board which apparently is filled
with Nobel Prize scientists have found
some kind of gene that you can you can
manipulate and apparently this pill
they've made manipulates it so they say
and and when you get rid of an aging as
a problem you also get rid of the lot of
the age-related diseases yeah illicium
somebody said in the comments is the
name of the company if you want to
google that a ly s I um Elysium now it
did not go through the FDA so if you
hear these two things it's a you know
it's a youth pill and it did not go
through the FDA you know you you should
put all of your skepticism powers onto
that you know all right be as skeptical
as you want I don't have a you know an
opinion whether it's real or not I'm
just giving you the facts that there's
super qualified people who say there's
something to it but it didn't go through
the FDA so you know I'm not sure whether
it's a good idea yet but my point here
is if you're trying to predict health
care expenses over the next ten years
which everybody's doing in order to
compare these health care plans how do
you how do you factor that in what if in
three years we're taking live forever
pills right how does that change
everything factored in also
Factory and uh you know about every day
you see that there's a new breakthrough
and cancer treatment and stem cells
stuff and these are completely
game-changing you know and yes somebody
says the cost goes up it's entirely
possible the cost goes up but it could
but could also drop by eighty percent at
least for the big things that you're you
get hospitalized for so in the next ten
years I don't know how you could
possibly model the economics of any of
this stuff somebody says you will look
more like I do when you get younger you
know I've actually said for probably
twenty years that I might be the
generation that is the first generation
that gets to grow younger you think
about that probably if you look at you
know the entire you know future life of
human beings somebody's going to be born
into the age where they're growing old
and then technology gets there and then
they can start reversing it's gonna
happen to somebody it might be Val it
might be now now of course I think
everybody's been saying that every year
since probably the 70s so you shouldn't
put too much stock in it but someday
it's gonna happen and I'm pretty healthy
at the moment I've said before that I
believe I have reversed my aging since I
was 40 meaning that at age forty I was
in far worse health that I am now just
sort of general health not not anything
specific and between the ages of 40 and
my current age sixty one science has
improved and science has said hey if you
eat these foods if you exercise this way
you will be more healthy and so I've
taken what science has learned and
thrown away the the bad science of the
past which was
the food pyramid which actually made me
less healthy there's all the wrong
recommendations for food and that
figured out that I would just through
diet and exercise and you know smokey
lots of weed which is really good for
some people but I don't recommend that
I'm not a doctor so don't take any any
medical recommendations for me but
through trial and error and the
improvement of science
I have legitimately grown younger yeah I
know our brain actually we've had lunch
and and how did smokey you know smoking
takes care of most of my smaller
problems so so marijuana it just this is
just in my case it in conjunction with
preventive you know inhaler for asthma
it completely eliminates my allergies
and in asthma problems so I used to have
like two months of a year where it was
just a living hell for most of my adult
hood but turns out marijuana just makes
that go away so so no asthma problems I
got rid of my when that didn't get rid
of but I sleep like a baby despite
having some sleep apnea problems mild
sleep apnea but enough that it was a
problem marijuana helps all of my
anxiety I don't know how much I'd have
if I didn't imagine it would be more and
so I sleep like a baby and I have no
anxiety I have no depression I might I
might if I you know if I were not a
medical user and I have the other the
major benefit of marijuana is it's a
anti-inflammatory and most problems that
people have are inflammation their whole
host of problems you get from
inflammation and one of them is just a
simple one which is you can't work out
as much if you're all sore you don't
want to work out you can but you don't
want to
I have no soreness ever you know I work
out five days a week typically and I
never have any soreness and my body is
as fit and his lean is probably when I
was 25 and that's that's largely because
I now know what to eat and blah blah
okay so enough on that let's change the
topic did you see the tweet this morning
from President Trump about North Korea
he made a very friendly tweet to kim
jungeun thanking him for the ashes of
the fallen the heroes and saying that he
he knew he would keep his word which is
very no I'm not stoned right now
somebody's asking as so the president
said that he he appreciated kim jungeun
forgiving the the ashes and for doing
what he said he would do so here's the
the persuasion parts of that tweet when
you tell somebody that you knew they
would be true to their word that's
really powerful persuasion all right
because it could be that you know kim
jungeun is is just doing what he needs
to do and you know he's not really
thinking of it as a matter of auditor
per se but the president has framed it
as an act of honor you know you made it
you made us a promise it was something
that mattered to us you came through it
have in a fairly quick manner and that
you know the president said he knew he
could trust him on this issue now that
is a really strong way to frame this
because what is it the Kim wants well he
wants to be you know respected on the
international stage I mean he wants
other things too but that's certainly
something you want
and so in public you have seen two
liters and this is the important part
now you always hear anybody else say
this you watch two liters have each
other's back if you don't get that you
don't know what's happening all right
because you might be looking at the you
know what have they done with their
missiles you know are they still working
on them and stuff and as some people who
are smarter than I am have said of
course they're still working on their
missiles of course they're still working
on whatever because they're still
negotiating until the ink is dry
somebody said on an agreement of course
you keep working on it that's the only
way that you get to an agreement because
nobody's going to make an agreement if
you're just giving them stuff and you're
you know for nothing in return so you
shouldn't worry at all that they're
doing stuff that we're hoping will stop
that's just part of the negotiation now
you might say but that would also look
exactly the same if they were just
playing a trick on us and and they don't
plan to give up anything and you're
right to us as observers it would look
the same it probably wouldn't look the
same to the people who actually know
what's going on over there in other
words our negotiators and Pompeyo and
you know the Intel services and stuff
they probably have a different idea of
what's going on then the public does but
when you see a tweet like that from the
president while he's done you see has
Kim jong-un's back in other words Kim
chugger and did something that made the
president look good he gave him
something conspicuous the ashes of the
fallen soldiers they he knew he knew
were important to the president both
emotionally and politically in in terms
of you know showing that showing that
he's made progress right yeah somebody
said the bro code that's that's pretty
close to what's happening and so you see
these two leaders now in public have
each other's back make each other look
look good make each other look like
there's you know some success now we
hope that the ashes you know are real
and when we test the DNA you know that
we got what we thought we got I think
that'll be true they probably know by
now and maybe there'll be more of them
we don't know now what will the critics
say I will let you do the punchline so
this is you do the punchline at home all
right
what will the critics say about getting
the ashes or the you know the remains of
the fallen backed mmm yeah I'm saying
ashes but I just mean in terms of you
know the organic matter decomposing I
think the critics will say is something
like kim jeong-hoon got everything you
wanted he's still building weapons and
he he got respect and i'll all he gave
us was some boxes of dirt it's gonna
look like that right so but it's gonna
be tough to make that claim because
those boxes you know likely had have the
remains of heroes of them so you don't
want to be a critic yeah it's gonna be
dangerous to be a critic on this
particular point i saw a video clip this
morning would that I thought was
interesting I don't have the link to it
but it was a gnome I may have tweeted it
I can't remember but as a video clip of
an interview with Noam Chomsky about
current events and about the Trump
administration and it was really
interesting because you might know Noam
Chomsky is no no friend of governments
right he's not a big fan of the
government just sort of in general and
he said the the Russian stuff was just
trivial and you barely worth our time
now his context of course is that
governments always interfere with other
governments
and you know if you look at it in
context it's just a whole bunch of
nothing compared to the real problems we
have now here's his example of the
biggest real problem well two of them he
said one of them is you know having a
nuclear confrontation with Russia so
we're probably better off if we try to
play friendly with them and he mentioned
previous administration's that probably
just made things worse I don't know if
he's right about that part about the
previous administration's but it's
interesting that Noam Chomsky is saying
that the Russia thing is a no big deal
but he does say that climate science
could be you know lethal to humanity
humanity in general and the same day
somebody had tweeted around some links
to some climate skeptics who if you
watch their video it's very convincing
that we don't know what's going on with
climate which does not mean it's not a
problem it just means that we don't know
what's happening you know yeah and and
then I see another clip of another
scientist who's saying oh it's
definitely there's no doubt about it
we've got this big problem and I think
to myself they're both completely
convincing the skeptics are completely
convincing that we don't know what's
happening and that it's ridiculous to
think that we can forecast these things
and then you hear the experts and you
think well that's pretty couldn't sing
too so how could they both be convincing
and of course the the way that that can
happen is that the the topic is
complicated and when a topic is
complicated people know more than you do
can pull anything out of that topic
package it any way they want it's gonna
sound pretty good to you take for
example that the healthcare stuff I was
just talking about the way I described
it was as positive things it's like oh
it's positive we did this positive we
did
but I guarantee you that I could bring
in someone who knows more than I do
about this who would say you know both
those things are a waste of time it'll
just make things worse and here's why
and when they're done you'd say to
yourself well that sounds pretty
convincing I thought this was good but
looks like it's actually bad and then I
could bring in the next expert who would
say no no that guy's only got half the
information when you look at all the
information these are great things and
solve moving in the right direction and
then you'd say to yourself sounds pretty
convincing
I believe it so you and I are kind of
helpless in the face of all this
complexity that's why that's why I
always recommend trying things small so
if there's anything you can try in one
state or try a pilot or anything like
that that's always the way to go you
know with climate climate change I'm not
sure that that option exists do you know
where we can find those climate science
videos the the ones that were the
skeptics were on Praeger you PRA ger
Praeger you if you I think if you google
climate science and Prager you you'll
find it yeah it's easier to find the
ones that are Pro climate now yeah it's
interesting I heard one of the skeptics
I forget his name but he's one of the
famous skeptics talking about the famous
97% of climate science scientists agree
but if you really drill down to what it
is they agree on it's not the models and
when you see a news story everybody it's
always a model all right this model
predicts the end of the world
there's 97 percent agreement that the
climate changes and that co2 is a
component
and then that's you know I may be over
summarizing this but that's close to
what they agree on which is quite
different from the world is going to end
and we know it now they don't rule out
you know even the skeptics don't say
there's no problem the skeptics say we
don't have a reason to think there's a
problem which is different now that
doesn't mean that the world won't end
from climate science even the skeptics
are not ruling it out they're just
saying that you can't rule it in now
I've heard people say under that
situation well you should just act as
though it is a problem because if it
might be you know it will kill us all so
just the fact that it might be a problem
should be all you need to know to spend
trillions of dollars to fix it to which
I say bad thinking if you had unlimited
money and time and resources it would be
good thinking
you should just toss all that unlimited
time and money in that direction just a
case but we live in a world where were
surrounded by mortal threats you know
unemployment is a mortal threat you know
the economy is a mortal threat if the
economy is bad lots of people die you
know there's terrorism there's nuclear
war there's you name it so in a world
where there are competing competing
risks if there's a risk that might be a
problem and it might not be now how much
resource do you put toward that when you
have real ones that are immediate and
you can deal with my my take on this is
it'll there's that there are
technologies coming online that can
modify suck the co2 out if we need to
humans are extremely adaptable
especially if they see a problem coming
so I think that in the long run we're
better off making sure our economy is
operating at peak because that if it
turns out we've got a we've got a pivot
quickly and do something about you
they're hardened during our buildings
against these storms or living
underground or whatever a were in better
shape living underground obviously not a
short term solution
somebody wants me to say something but I
don't think I want to say oh how is my
app coming along um good I'm going to
tell you more about that in maybe well
maybe next week I'll tell you a little
more about that so stay tuned for that
all right
all right anybody have any questions
I've got a few minutes let's talk about
queue so you saw that some of the the
followers of queue the so-called
conspiracy theory anonymous users
attended the last Trump rally which
which got CNN breathing hard because
they thought we can focus on these this
handful of people and and make all Trump
supporters look dumb
yeah as you know I'm not a believer in Q
I think it is for entertainment only
sort of like horoscopes but you're
you're welcome - you're welcome to
accept it in any way you like
yeah and there's a lot of talking about
the number 17 and you know I you could
make anything you want if q my entire my
entire opinion is that it's fun if you
see it as anything more than that that's
that's of you first-timer says do you do
this daily at the same time roughly but
sometimes I'm traveling or whatever but
roughly yes can persuasion be used on
the homeless problem yes because
persuasion can be used on every problem
I so yeah I mean you can't persuade the
homeless to go get jobs probably because
there there are reasons that people are
homeless but you could certainly
persuade people to do something about it
how to fix the problem in San Francisco
well you know a lot of the problems in
the cities are local government problems
there's just a problem with the
government so long term that stuff does
get fixed because people vote down with
the people who are not fixing it
alright I'm gonna have to take off I got
other stuff to do
and I will talk to all of you later bye
for now