boom - - hey everybody gather round
I figured out I had to pay for the wall
I've got an idea
come on in here and hear it but before
you do that do you know what time it is
I think you do it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams mmm oh that's the good stuff
that's the morning stuff all right now
I've been watching Mike Pence
but he's touring the border everybody's
talking about the the caravan
everybody's talking about the the folks
who want to get in and in this story
this seemed to be about the caravan we
have a accidental solution for funding
the wall I might have to draw this on a
whiteboard but maybe I can do it without
it here's the idea so Mike Pence goes
down there and he says we are building
the wall look at it see my wall and sure
enough you see them putting up the
prototype wall the president Trump
selected so you say to yourself there it
is they're putting up the wall now CNN's
correspondence will then talk about the
project but here's what they'll say will
they say President Trump is building the
wall no they do not because they don't
want to say that so instead they instead
they say ha ha ha
let's bring in Dale to play the part of
the CNN correspondent generically
speaking yes well Mike Pence says
they're building the wall they're not
building the wall a vest last month
what's happening that is not
what that is is something that was
funded last year in 2017 approved years
ago and is an upgrade it's an upgrade to
an existing fence that my friends is not
a wall that's not well the president
loses he gets nothing he gets nothing
seem now do you see the opportunity yet
you know I spelled this out I know a
year ago I saw this coming and I'm not
sure if you see it yet but here's the
deal as long as the administration is
willing to call these upgrades the wall
they're building the wall as long as the
opposition team to the administration is
willing to call them upgrades to
existing fence they're now funding the
wall so both sides can get exactly what
they want for at least a few years but
here's the important part all right
so that alone isn't enough you need one
more concept layered on top of this if
you were going to upgrade your border
security where do you start do you start
where there's already stuff or do you
start where there's not much of anything
at all well here's the thing you you
probably start where there already is
something why would that be why would
you start where there already is some
kind of barrier instead of starting
where there's not much of anything does
everybody know why you'd start where
there already is something it's because
you already put something where you know
you knew you needed it the most
so wherever it's easiest to get to
wherever people are you know just
naturally because of population
transportation
you know just location there are gonna
be some places there a little more a
little more attractive for immigrants to
try to get over those places should
already have some kind of offense
because it was a problem so it's
entirely possible that you could do a
year or two of wall building and never
get end of the upgrade zone because you
do need a better wall where the bad
walls are so it seems to me that both
sides could claim that they that they're
successful but here and here's the fun
part the you're going to have two forms
of persuasion going here so you know in
theory you could have the Trump
administration saying here's my wall
look I'm building it it's right in front
of you here's a picture of it here's a
video of my wall you can obviously see I
am building the wall compare that to his
enemies will say no you're not you are
simply upgrading and doing maintenance
to existing stretch of the border that
was already already fenced but their
persuasion is going to be a concept all
right so the people who were saying
that's no wall funding that's just an
upgrade to an existing wall that's
there's no picture there there's no
visual that goes with that so on one
side you'll have a concept people don't
process concepts you know much but on
the other side on the Trump side you can
have a picture of the actual frickin
wall like you're gonna show the video
and look there's a wall so those two
those two forms of persuasion are not
even close to equal you know the one
with the visual is just the better one
even though the other one is technically
correct it might be an upgrade
anyway you saw the news that Snoop
Dogg's inebriated cousin did a little
video in which he looked like he was
trying to put out a hit
using the grips on Kanye now I'm no
expert on Crips or anything anything
close to this topic I don't know how
much to worry about that do you yeah
do you think that Kanye is is literally
in trouble and now here's the other
interesting thing see you've got all
these stick with me here for a moment so
you have you have these folks who don't
like what Kanye is doing and let's say
they threaten him to the point where his
I assume he has bodyguards
so they threatened him to the point
where he has to beef up his bodyguards
do you know what somebody starts asking
after a Kanye beefs up is personal
security they could ask are they armed
so so the left is going to take the guy
that they don't want to leave the left
it's like Kanye don't leave the left
stay on the left you know and they're
gonna force him to use guns to protect
himself they won't really have any
choice right if you literally get
threatened your life and it's you know
that it's or you know a credible threat
you probably beefed up your personal
security a little bit and they're not
carrying nunchucks they're they're
carrying guns so I assume I mean I'm
just making an assumption that yeah they
would be let's talk about Iran and let's
talk about Netanyahu's presentation many
of you saw my periscope yesterday in
which I talked about Netanyahu's
persuasiveness for
presentation and I ranked it very high I
said it was it was an excellent
presentation and very persuasive and
visual and fear I had repetition you had
all the points it was very good but do
you remember what I said about it and I
said that he had sort of conflated two
things he had conflated what Iran had
already done in the past with today and
and even as I was describing it I was
starting to get confused about what is
it that Iran is doing versus what is it
that Iran did do but lied about it
now that's not trivial that it's in the
past in this case it's it's relevant
because they had promised that they
hadn't done it and they did so it was a
sort of evidence of character if you
will in this case the past does matter
because it's evidence of character so it
doesn't matter it in the sense that the
future would exactly match the past but
it tells you who you're dealing with a
little bit so that was an important
confirmation of what we widely thought
to be true now if you're me you probably
thought did we already know all of that
if you saw NAND Yahoo's presentation
were you surprised that Iran had a
nuclear program and lied about it and
said now we don't have anything like
that well I don't think so I think we
all knew that right
the part that was new ish is that some
of the individuals had been repurposed
into the dual purpose research sort of
jobs where they could just keep going
with their nuclear work again how could
I be surprised about that because there
probably does exist something close to
legitimate nuclear you know research
that isn't for weapons and what else are
those people
I knew if you lose your job as the boss
of the nuclear the secret nuclear
weapons program where do you take your
skills well you can have to get a job
doing something that uses those same
skills so you're going to be doing some
non-military research that's kind of
similar to the military stuff so nothing
we heard was and then the other thing we
heard is that they kept all of their
scientific you know data and records so
that they could easily reconstitute is
there anybody who didn't expect them to
keep a file
you know I say a file there were you
know tons of files but they could be
digitized and you know put on a some
kind of medium is there anybody who
really thought that they would just sort
of delete their data come on so there's
nothing we saw about the the Iranians
reaction that should have been new
really except that we saw it with you
know a guaranteed you know that may gave
it an immediacy gave it a visual etc so
it changed us how we think about it but
I can't say there was anything that
surprised me exactly now the argument on
I saw a president ex-president Obama
tweeted link to an article they said
that it would be impossible to start up
their nuclear program without getting
caught because our ability to detect
even the tiniest tiniest trace of any
nuclear activity is really good so you
know they could clean out a facility
weeks before we arrived to test it and
we'd still know it was there because you
just use this clean rag and you just
wipe the surfaces and there's just
nothing they can do to clean it all so
there doesn't seem to be much of a risk
if we were to
you know visit the right place I don't
know how big a risk it is that we
wouldn't know what place to visit but
there wouldn't be much risk if they had
gotten to the point of actually making a
nuclear anything that we wouldn't know
but that doesn't change the fact that
you could bring yourself up to that
point you can get already you could be
testing your rockets which we're not
covered in the deal and that was another
big point that Netanyahu made is that
the Rockets are still being tested the
ability to refine you know nuclear
nuclear fuel is that the right word that
sunsets and several years so they could
be right back on on line with nukes but
I don't know that I don't just don't
know how much of that is knew it but it
does change how we think about it to see
it so so unambiguously you know visually
you know so to have it all confirmed it
does it does feel different all right
so what is it that would get us to a
good solution there somebody says
mullahs won't be there in two years yeah
I don't know if it's two years so you've
heard my at least preliminary idea of
how to approach all this and the
preliminary idea and I have to give this
a lot more thought because I don't know
much about the area but the preliminary
idea is Iran is going to change no
matter what we do because of the
population bubble of young people who
are pro-western there now so much Pro
their own government at the moment and
the lead the current leaders are very
old and can't be that healthy at this
point so something's gonna change and at
the same time that something has to
change in Iran no matter what you know
there's going to be a big change in it
they might as well change in a way
that's productive and maybe we can help
make that
productive so I think we should work we
should be talking talking past the sale
the sale is do they get to keep their
current form of government and I think
we should just take that off the table
really we're just talking about when
either they change it quickly they
change it because of an internal coup
they change it because the demographics
it's going to change yeah so let's make
it a productive change
now the the big claim that oh I don't
know if it's the big one but a big claim
by Israel and the United States is that
Iran is quote the biggest sponsor of
terror can you can you name anything
specifically this is a trick question so
don't don't assume you know where this
is going right so let me just do a
little poll for you how many of you can
name something that Iran did in the past
five years that would qualify as terror
something that they sponsored now you're
going to give generic answers right
Hamas right but is that the answer that
they're just sort of generically funding
people we don't like and and those
people being let's say Hezbollah Hamas
being anti-israel so are they funding
the organizations or are they funding
the actual terrorists who fired and blew
something up so don't chemical weapons
with yeah they give weapon we know they
give weapons to Hezbollah but is that
what is that what we're talking about
what do we say Iran is the biggest
sponsor of terror
so to Netanyahu and to anybody in the
United States government who wants to
describe to the public what the problem
is
the public has a gap what exactly do you
mean when you say they're the biggest
state sponsor of terrorism
remember we're talking about the war all
right yeah it's a war is such a little
word I feel like I want that word to be
like a longer word because when you say
it it goes by too quickly it doesn't
give it enough power we're talking about
war right the highest of stakes war and
what does the public of the United
States understand about the situation a
lot
we're not terribly educated on what's
going on over there so the gap I'd like
to have filled in for me is what does it
mean exactly to be the biggest sponsor
of state terrorism does it mean funding
organizations that themselves are
attacking Israel is that is that the
only thing it means or does it mean
things in the battlefield does it mean
there doesn't mean they're funding Isis
does it mean they're funding al-qaeda
because I think those guys are the
enemies right I'm a little confused over
there because who knows who's fighting
who at any moment but I thought our
traditional terrorists Isis on al-qaeda
I thought Iran was opposed to them
unless I'm wrong about that but it could
be I could be wrong about that actually
you never know who's who's whose friend
over there in any given day how would
you think he'd change if he knew exactly
what was bent well then I'd probably go
to the next level it probably isn't fair
to speculate on that but I'll do it
anyway if if it was a question of
question of funding in organizations
let's say Hezbollah then you have
something you can work with because
Hezbollah is an organization that
because it's an organization it has
leadership and stuff so you can deal
with some entities you know you can
negotiate with big organized entities
it's harder to negotiate with say onesie
twosie terrorists it's hard to negotiate
with let's say the accusation was
Iran keeps funding little projects the
alittle terrorism projects that are
one-off it would be hard to do something
with that like how do you negotiate that
because they just say now we didn't do
that one no that wasn't us so there's
nobody to talk to but if you have a big
organization Hamas Hezbollah at least
there's somebody to talk to him so it
changes a little bit you know where's
the problem
you knowing knowing who to talk to is
part of the solution
do I believe Prince Salman how do you
pronounce his name salmon Salman Salman
is the great reformer well he's clearly
a change agent and he is clearly intent
on reforming so you know how far that
goes and whether all those reforms are
in our favor
remains to be seen how far away are we
from I don't want to reveal my my
ignorance here how many countries in the
Middle East have recognized Israel okay
help me out here on the fact checking
how many of the Middle East countries if
any have it have recognized Israel yeah
I was thinking Jordan in Egypt were the
only ones I could think of oh all butter
and saudi arabia has officially
recognized Israel that was a part I was
wondering about whether Saudi Arabia's
all right so so what I was wondering is
does Saudi Arabia have any large
symbolic gestures left
if Saudi Arabia still have some large
let's say peace gestures left whether
it's some kind of recognition situation
or embassy situation with Israel there
might be there might be a big surprise
coming you never know
so maybe Sally we don't know the details
whether Saudi Arabia what their
recognition situation is with Israel
this is the worst the worst periscope
ever because we don't know that fact
somebody said Saudi will not recognize
for religious reasons I just don't know
if we know that no the facts on here I
am next to a computer all right
par for the course of your scopes so
Saudi just opened direct flights but it
seems like there's probably more to go I
think there may be room there might be
room for a good a good solution in the
Middle East when there never was before
but we'll see let me tell you what made
I think you let me tie a couple concepts
together you know I'm always talking
about how you should not be a prisoner
of the past because what happened in the
past is rarely a perfect model for what
you're dealing with in the present we
just think they look similar so a lot of
people are saying hey is North Korea
going to look at the example of Libya
and say we don't want to give our
nuclear weapons away after all because
you know we might get conquered but
here's what's different North and South
Korea are talking about unification
Libya wasn't talking about unification
so in North Korea's unique situation if
you combine
denuclearizing with unification then you
probably have a verifiable you know end
point because it's the unification
itself that gives you all the access you
need to the nuclear sites right that's
that's completely different so here's
the important point and and I believe
the breakthrough thinking and North
Korea probably went like this if the
only thing you're talking about is
denuclearization you don't have enough
variables you just can't get there if
you add to denuclearization unification
now you've got all kinds of variables in
play and suddenly you can make something
work because those two things work
together so well right that's the key
the key is not that they wanted to Dinu
key is that they also wanted to work on
reunification those two things work
really well together
for for confidence that you can get to
an end point where everybody says yeah
there's definitely no nukes here you
know you can walk over here and take a
look there's no fence just walk over
here take a look no nukes over here now
that's different than a country that has
borders and nobody can get in and the
government can control who's where and
all that stuff that's that's harder to
control
now take that thinking to the Middle
East if you say to yourself all right
this is an important concept coming here
if we say to ourselves the Iran nuclear
question is just the Iran nuclear
question might be unsolvable because you
don't have many variables to work with
you know it's like we want them not to
be doing their missiles missiles are
probably going to be the biggest issue
we want them not to be developing
missiles they want to develop missiles
there's just not enough variables they
want something we don't want it that's
it right now maybe we could squeeze them
enough but that's a long hard risky
process
but suppose instead of saying it's just
about without one thing or two things
you know missiles and nukes let's say we
say it's about the Middle East
it's about Israel it's about Hamas it's
about who's doing what in in Syria it's
about it's about all of it
it's about trade what if we you just
keep adding variables and say all right
it's not about the nukes it's not about
the missiles it's about Israel it's
about Hamas it's about the Palestinian
situation there you throw enough
variables in there suddenly there's a
way to move things around you've got
options suddenly and now and now you've
got something you can deal with so let
me throw just that general concept into
the mix that if all we're talking about
is missiles and nukes in Iran there are
not many variables and that's a tough
sell
but if we broaden that to say look let's
have a comprehensive something we've got
great partners and Jordan Saudi Arabia
you know Israel we have strong partners
if Russia gets on board if you know
maybe a maybe a couple of their
countries maybe something big could
happen you know maybe the problem in the
Middle East has always been we didn't
think big enough if you think about it
we always think there's some kind of you
know peace playing in the Middle East is
just so bad we can't get there but maybe
the problem is we weren't thinking big
enough
that's that was the problem in North
Korea wasn't it if you think about it
and you don't have to go back far you go
back just a few months and you realize
that the obstacle with North Korea wait
for it is that we didn't think big
enough because it's the thinking big
enough there was a solution so you know
in if you're here and you're trying to
get to here and like all the the really
hard solutions are in the middle you
know just get rid of nukes but stay stay
on unified the the real solution was
throw more variables in go big in the
Middle East
who has ever made the office the offer
of going big I'm just going big you're
just doing something like that just
changes the world you know who has that
plant I haven't seen it and I'm not sure
that's possible
but it would be at least in our thinking
we should say that there might be a
small solution that's just nukes and
missiles and Iran but maybe but maybe
there's the big one a real big one all
right that's enough for now
traffic's going down and I'm going to
take off and do something else right now
in all of you oh if somebody said can
you describe the Golden Age like yes I
will I do this often but I'm gonna do it
as many times as people want the Golden
Age in my opinion is when all the big
stuff starts trending in the right
direction North Korea and the least
economy immigration everything but the
the defining characteristic is that
we'll realize our biggest problems were
psychological you know just as North
Korea was a problem that we looks like
we're gonna solve just by thinking about
it differently yeah the way we think
about it might be the only thing that
had to be changed and I think the Middle
East is a psychology problem the economy
is a psychology problem even immigration
is a psychology problem too you know to
some extent there are real people who
have real problems but whether they come
here or whether they stay is partly
economics but partly psychology so you
have the best psychology engineer that
the world has ever seen perhaps you know
I haven't I haven't been around that
long in the world but in my lifetime the
the best psychology engineer the best
persuader is Trump and he's coming into
a world where those are the biggest
problems cycle
once we realize that a lot of things as
seemed like barriers might start to fall
I think Kanye is weirdly enough an
important part of how that thinking is
changing because if you see enough
things you didn't think possible
happened then your thought about the
next thing being possible just changes
those like well I didn't think those
other things were possible and they
happened yeah I didn't see North Korea
coming tonight and I didn't see Kanye
coming maybe Iran's possible maybe we
can make something happen so the golden
age is that and I will leave you with
that thought and I will talk to you
later