oh hey everybody I'm glad you could make
it today will be for some of you the
most incredible day of your life
not everyone some of you will just get a
little bit smarter others of you will
find a transformational experience
happening tonight yes tonight you're
going to find out the user interface for
reality itself so that you can author
your own reality don't believe it why
are you here
yeah you're curious you're wondering can
I do it well you're gonna find out so it
turns out that there are some stories
that can't be told right away there are
some things that by their nature cannot
be communicated and there are number
reasons why some stories can't be told
maybe there's a secret involved maybe
there's a violation of trust if you were
to tell the story maybe somebody's being
modest and they don't want to brag maybe
there's a lack of credentials involved
somebody knows something and they're
right but nobody could hear it because
they lack credentials there might be a
question of loyalty you've promised you
wouldn't tell somebody you don't want to
hurt somebody you might be complicated
complicated it might be complicated and
so it's just too hard to explain and
this is important to know because you're
gonna wonder why didn't I tell you where
the user interface for reality was
before it's kind of a heck of a thing to
hold out isn't it and the reason is I
couldn't tell you before there needed to
be a certain perfect situation and that
perfect situation happened today
today after 22 years my plan came
together today then I'll tell you about
that and that plan was as some day I
wanted to be in a position to tell you
the thing that I'll tell you today that
I couldn't tell you until now and you'll
see why let me show you my path toward
figuring out the user interface it's
important that you know how I got there
so that you could have some trust that
there's something to it and here was my
path when I was a kid I was influenced
as was my mother by the the book the
power of positive thinking by Norman
Vincent Peale most of you already know
that President Trump was also influenced
by appeal in fact weirdest coincidence
in the world or is it Norman Vincent
Peale was actually the Trump family
pastor for the church they went to but
he was more famous for being the author
of a book there suggested that you could
somehow change your life or maybe you
were changing reality it wasn't really
clear if you could simply think
positively so this was my first
introduction to the concept that maybe
reality was not fixed and something that
you were a victim of but rather you
could do something there was some
mechanism some technique some tools you
could use to give some control over your
environment and your life as opposed to
having it control you
and that and that was my first thought
that reality could be programmable in at
least some simple sense but of course I
embarked on a lifetime of exploration to
find out if I could find out more about
had a program reality and that led me to
learn meditation I became a trained
hypnotist of course mushrooms let you
see the world and a completely different
reality
and all of these things from studying
all the different religions to doing
affirmations which is really just
visualizing why you walked him and
writing it out every day and then
learning persuasion these all had the
same cumulative effect of teaching me
that reality was indeed far more
subjective then you're you're you're led
to believe
and when I say reality is subjective I
don't mean that there isn't some base
reality that's real what I mean is that
we don't have access to it in other
words just take religion to people with
completely different religions can go
into a store they can shop they can get
married have children they don't really
need to reconcile the fact that they
live in different worlds one thinks
there's an afterlife one thinks there's
reincarnation one thinks there's nothing
yeah we we all survive and thrive and
reproduce there's nothing to suggest
that our brains are the kind of brains
that can understand reality instead all
of the evidence suggests that we can put
filters optionally and somewhat
subjectively
on our reality and the thing that we
deal with us is the filter we're not
dealing with the underlying reality but
our filter on it is the thing that's
real to us and you can change those
filters so that's the important part and
you can change them fairly easily and if
you find a filter that predicts better
and makes you happier well that's the
better filter even if it isn't a better
approximation of reality what matters as
you're happy what matters is you're
getting what you need out of life so
once you accept that there's a
subjective reality you're starting to
get ready to accept the user interface
for that reality so during this time I
started to feel that I may have
discovered the user interface for
reality and the reason that I thought
that is that my life was
working out so well that I couldn't
explain it in any ordinary way I tried
to become a cartoonist with no
experience in cartooning and at about
this time in 1997 is a time I'm going to
be talking about I had already won the
top award in cartooning I'd never
without any cartooning experience I was
the hottest cartoonist
in the country and at about the same
time I had written my first book it was
a number one New York Times runaway
bestseller with no experience at writing
books and there were a number of things
that I was touching and doing you know
the licensing for Dilbert etc and it
seemed as if I could manipulate reality
but here's the thing was I manipulating
reality to get these ridiculous results
or was I simply good at my job how can I
tell how would I know if I were
manipulating reality because that's sort
of what I felt like but that didn't seem
right right or was I just good at my job
and I didn't realize how good I was so I
performed better than I expected
maybe could be it's possible but I
wanted to test it and so in 1997 I I did
a bold experiment and the experiment was
this I very publicly and annoyingly made
a prediction and I chose an area in
which I had no expertise which is
important because if my good success so
far had been because I was just good at
my job then one way to test that of
course not perfectly scientifically but
at least to get an indication of what's
happening in the world I thought I would
try something that was just impossible I
would make the most unlikely prediction
and then wait as long as it took for it
to become true and if indeed I could hit
the most unlikely prediction then maybe
other people would believe me
what I explained to them the user
interface for reality because this was
something I couldn't communicate because
why would you believe me why would you
believe me that I actually knew where
the user interface for reality was well
I had to do something that was so weird
and so out of my you know experience out
that if I got that right you would be
forced to say okay that could have been
locked too
but at least I'm gonna listen to you so
I won't claim that I'm right I will
claim that it makes me sound incredible
enough that for the first time that
little doorway just opened and I can
tell you something that I couldn't tell
until now and here's what it was I
predicted that in my lifetime the theory
of evolution would be debunked in
scientific terms not in religious terms
but in scientific terms you could
imagine how well that went over because
again I intentionally chose an area in
which I don't have credentials all the
people who do have credentials rushed
him to destroy my career and reputation
as best they could quite angrily for
what they thought was giving less a
comfort to the intelligent design people
and they didn't want them to have any
energy and although I was not promoting
a God view or or intelligent design per
se they felt that if simply on this
narrow point that if evolution I was
predicting was going to be debunked in
my lifetime well you know obviously I'm
a nut and I should not be listened to
and you shouldn't listen to anything
else I ever say that was 22 years ago 23
years ago today two things are true that
were true back then number one we're in
the era of the Trump administration and
in the Trump administration you've
watched
as my predictions about Trump not just
that he would win which was interesting
oh don't look at it yet
not just that he would win but I
predicted boldly and many times that he
would change your understanding of
reality and that was also necessary for
you to hear what I'm gonna say next if
you had not experienced yourself the
fact that there's this guy Adam chef
who's created an artificial world and
sold it to half of the public in which
the president was guilty of colluding
with Russia at the same time the other
half of the country knows that isn't
true you see it with your own eyes there
are two movies subjectively that are
rubbing based on the same observations
now if you hadn't seen this with your
own eyes time after time after time
during the Trump administration two
completely different worlds being
created in whole and they both can
survive even the the Adam Schiff world
his world his world view is surviving
the fact that we have the transcripts
and we know now that's true this still
doesn't change it you know that the
people he convinced are still just as
convinced now in order for me to tell
you the crazy stuff I'm going to tell
you next you had to live and experience
reality breaking down that way you had
to see different worlds being formed
right in front of your eyes but here's
the tough part you have to be willing to
take it up to the next level the lower
level of awareness says that you have
the right answers and those people who
disagree with you let's say on the other
side of politics they have the wrong
answers if that's where you are you're
not ready and what I show you this is
just gonna make you angry
and you you're just not ready but if you
can follow me this far you're ready and
it goes like this if you understand that
neither of you have a grass
of reality not you and not the person
who disagrees with you on politics
neither if you have a grasp of reality
once you understand that that you've
simply chosen filters that may or may
not work well may or may not predict
well but it gets you through life you
can get through your life with your
filter and that's all it is once you
understand that is the filters that we
deal with not the reality then you're
ready for the next part so something
happened today there was a very big deal
in my life because it opened the door
for me to tell you the next thing I'm
going to tell you and it was that there
was a podcast by red pilled America I
hurt radio with Patrick Carell she I
hope I'm saying that right and his
co-host Adrianna Cortez now I tweeted
this so you can you can take a take a
good oh you should you should just see
it well you should listen to it I should
say you should listen to this podcast is
one of the best produced written
directed performed the thing I've ever
seen I mean it is really high-quality
just as a production so even if you the
content didn't interest you and believe
me it will it's really interesting the
content is amazing part of it's about me
which is part of the story but it's just
really well done so do yourself a favor
and listen to it it will be necessary
probably for you to fully get this next
part but you could do it afterwards and
it'll be fine yeah here's the story he
told and I won't ruin it for you because
you really need to get it from him he
told the story of my prediction and and
by the way he might be watching this
right now and if he is I Patrick it was
an amazing job on the the podcast he
told the story of he heard of my
prediction about evolution being
debunked and that he he brought the
story into the question of this
simulation now of course if the
simulation is true
than what we believe about evolution
probably isn't because you don't need
evolution if you have the simulation we
just are here and our history is created
on demand whenever we go looking for it
and that it's made to be compatible
programmatically and Patrick told the
story very well of how there are very
serious people like Elon Musk who we
added some clips talking about it he has
some clips of me talking about it but
that he had clips of actually credible
people here's the fun part you know
actual scientists the nick bostrom was
mentioned as the the creator of it he
talked about some science fiction things
that are that are fun as well and
essentially what Patrick did is told you
something that I couldn't do myself
which is I couldn't tell you that my
prediction had actually came in I've
been trying to but I feel like I had
failed at it because I'm not credible
about judging my own my own prediction
obviously I was taking it but once you
see it from a credible source in other
words listening to the scientist talk
compatible with what I've been saying
and also directly saying if the
simulation is true evolution isn't so 22
years later I'm not saying that you know
evolution is not true I'm saying that
there is now a competing theory this
serious scientist by him to you and
although you can't tell which one is the
true one if either one is maybe neither
maybe they're just filters but when you
what you can tell is the odds and the
odds are maybe a billion to one for the
simulation doesn't mean evolution can't
be true it's just that the odds are a
billion to one against it because the
other theory is better now having told
you that and again hearing it from me
should not be compelling and that's
probably what you're feeling you're
thinking I don't know I'm not buying
that the simulation means that
illusion and I'm not buying that that's
why you have to give the podcast so here
the podcast and then you will alright so
having nailed my 22 year gamble that I
could make a prediction so unlikely that
the best explanation is that somehow I'm
authoring the reality now just as a
filter again that doesn't mean that I
can actually change reality it means
that if I put that filter on it I get
good results and if you just think
you're happy but you're not are you
happy yes you are
if you think you're happy you're happy
if you thought you went through life as
a billionaire but you were just crazy
and you weren't still good still good
because you're happy you thought you
were a billionaire so accept your
subjective subjective life somebody was
asking me for Patrick's last name it's
packed Rick Carell she cou RR IE l CH E
but just Google if you want to find that
Google read pilled America on I Heart
Radio and then my name it'll pop up all
right at long last the user interface
for reality some of these things you're
gonna say hey I've heard about those
I've heard about them in your book win
big lis I've heard about them in your
book I had a failed almost everything
and still win big I saw a few things in
your latest book loser think and that is
where you should go if you want any
detail on these but let me run through
them first you must accept the frame at
least as a filter that there could be a
subjective reality and that you can you
can manipulate it again you might only
be manipulating your own impression of
reality but that's good enough if it
predicts well and gets you to a happy
place you should accept the system's
work better than goals people are
telling me every day that they're after
reading my book and it failed almost
everything still win big they
implemented systems and it changed their
life
this is one of the biggest buttons on
the interface for life if you don't like
where you are and you want to go
somewhere else learn how to build
systems for everything from your diet to
your career to your social life to
fitness everything and that's that's in
this book if you want more details
talent stacking also from the same book
the idea that if you intelligently add
new talents you become not just a little
bit better but exponentially better
because talents really explode your
capability and your options so this is
one of the biggest buttons on the
interface to reality now you've seen
these before a few of them but it's the
totality of them that I'm trying to
present you've seen them individually
affirmations the idea of writing down or
visualizing your goals seems to be
something that gives you the impression
that it works and I say that very
carefully does it work
do affirmations change reality I don't
know but I've I can tell you that when
I've used them the results I've gotten
don't seem like anything could have been
natural I mean I an incurable voice
problem I had ridiculous stock market
luck when I used the affirmations I you
know my career as I told you is just
crazy and it feels like it works but I'm
not going to tell you it out again you
should see these as filters if it feels
like it works
keep doing it alright you should know
that the mating instinct is the base of
pretty much all of your impulses so if
you haven't learned that pretty much
everything from the the way you talk
present yourself hold yourself dress
everything you do is some kind of
expression of your mating instinct
whether you like it or not
everything you show off about everything
you you know your that you don't want to
show if you have a flaw pretty much
everything you do comes back to wanting
to look good and present yourself well
for mating purposes once you understand
that you start to understand where the
sar right because you'll say oh that's
why that's happening it's an extension
of the mating process once you see it
you can't unsee it you'll see it
everywhere and it's like it's like the
veil will come off it and you'll start
saying everybody's action says wait a
minute why is it everything is
compatible with that showing off for
mating purposes the situation here are
the other buttons which are mostly
self-explanatory but freedom is a big
thing people will trade a lot for
freedom you could say would you like a
bad life with freedom or a good life
with not with no freedom and people will
take the bad life with freedom so if you
ever have a chance to create a situation
where you can offer someone more freedom
that's very powerful that's a button and
you should get as much for yourself as
you can and you can use it as a tool to
help other people get what they want
because they will train a lot for
freedom and freedom can come in the form
of getting money that gives you freedom
having a flexible schedule being in the
right kind of social situation etc so
there's lots of ways to get fear is a
motivator I don't recommend using it
unless you're trying to save somebody
yeah you could use fear to keep them
from smoking cigarettes for example but
I wouldn't use this in the evil way
curiosity is one of the most important
and overlooked buttons on the human
interface you can see that authors that
are good at it will make you curious at
the end of a chapter so that you'll want
to keep reading so building curiosity
into things is a really really important
button you'll see that President Trump
does this often because he'll tease
things that are coming he'll say yes
well I got an announcement on that and
tomorrow you're gonna hear about that
and I think you're gonna be really you
know impressed when you can when you can
stoke somebody's curiosity you can
really shape what they do and you can
shape your environment through curiosity
very very powerful you notice how I use
this to get you to come here novelty is
very important for memory
so you want to make sure that you always
inject novelty it's what triggers memory
because your brain will get bored of the
sameness so you need to trigger memory
and attention with novelty contrast is a
way to get people to move from where
they are to where you want them to be
you just say well it's much much less
expensive than this so contrast is one
of the most important buttons use
contrast often hey you don't want to be
this bad you could be over here
repetition and simplicity our brains are
just simple machines the more you repeat
the more the wiring gets solidified and
if you keep things simple the brain can
process it and deal with it if it's
complicated your brain has a tendency
just flush it out can't deal with it
flush it out so simplicity is important
the fake because is a form of pseudo
logic sometimes you need to get people
moving with a fake reason that doesn't
even actually pass logical standards but
people don't need logical reasons just
look at politics people have incredibly
different opinions and many of them are
smart so if you've got smart people on
opposite sides of basically every issue
you can see that they don't need real
reasons we're not a species that
operates on real reasons we just will
take a fake reason we'll take one we
made up we'll take a guess we'll follow
our friends once you understand that
people don't need real reasons you
freeze you because if you're locked in a
little world at a lower level of
awareness where you say well I'm not
going to convince somebody unless I have
a real reason sorry that's not the
reality and if us live in real reasons
are good I mean if you have them use
them but we don't need them once you
know you don't need them and the reality
can be authored you're in better shape
pacing leading I've talked about that's
just matching somebody until they feel
comfortable with you and then you can
lead them people can be very influenced
by a spur
this is another way to refer to the high
ground maneuver the high ground maneuver
is is essentially you challenge somebody
to be a better version of themself sort
of the Jesus methods right you know it's
not tell you you must do something or
you'll die
that's fear aspiration is don't you want
to be the better version of yourself
don't you want to be the person who sees
the big picture very very important
button Association you you know that any
quality of one thing rubs off on the
other if you want somebody to like
something parent was something else they
like already so the likability of one
thing will rub off on another but also
the unlike ability so for example if you
have a TV show let's say the news and
you have commercials that are really
unpleasant eventually the unpleasantness
bleeds into the show and it would be
better if you associated only things
that are positive so learning to
associate only with positive things one
of the most important user interface
rules of reality I accidentally put
contrast twice forget that pattern
recognition once you realize that the
humans are not logical machines were
pattern recognition machines and SAP
pattern recognition that isn't very good
pattern recognition is what makes you a
racist pattern recognition is what makes
you an ageist a sexist everything bad
because your patterns are all you have
you're not really a logical person who
reasons everything out your brain isn't
big enough you wouldn't have enough time
so instead you default to these little
biases which are determined by patterns
now the problem is many of those
patterns are fake let's say you had met
three elbow nians in your life and every
one of them slapped you in the face with
a glove the next time you met with
elbonian you'd be like oh no thank you I
don't want to get slapped in the face
with the glove those last three elbow
nians were pretty rough on me but it's
only three elbow nians the odds that
your pattern is predictive probably low
so we we fall Vic
two patterns but you could also use
patterns to convince people of things if
you are consistent people say oh this
person is always honest
so patterns are a tool but they're also
our biggest defect and you have to
understand that way and then of course
understanding the brain as a
visualization machine is very very
important because visualization is the
biggest most powerful part of your brain
it's the the part that influences you
most and so one more look at the full
board there and so the idea is that
these buttons are the important ones
visualization if there's one there that
just stands out as being the one that
you should sort of focus on the most
visualization that would be a good one
now these are the buttons for the the
user interface I can tell you that
almost every day I get a message from
somebody who read this book which was
the beginning of this I had to hide hide
what this was in a practical book
because the world wasn't ready to
believe the facts don't matter and the
world wasn't ready to believe that you
could author your own reality so I
played it a little safe and this one
because in the world wasn't ready but if
you want to learn about most of these
things they're in there and then and
wouldn't Bigley because President Trump
had ripped apart the nature of the
universe it allowed me to say now you
see it right facts don't matter now you
see it that there are just separate
worlds and bubbles and we can live in
our bubble and we'll never know the
difference and then of course loser
think tried to just well it teach you to
think better because that's always going
to be useful you will be more effective
and you'll have a better handle on the
user interface of reality if you can
think and argue better so this is my
lesson I'm going to keep it on one topic
I hope this was useful maybe you could
tell me in the comments if you've got
something out of this this is the sort
of lesson
that might not change you tonight but
it's never gonna leave you once you've
seen it you can't unsee it you're all
changed you don't know it yet and this
will become sort of that let's say a
framework that you now have added to
your mental map and now when you see
things that fit that framework it will
get stronger over time and so you'll see
that this view of the world will take
root and then every time you compare it
to the old way you saw you're going to
say to yourself Wow is that a
coincidence because this new way of
looking at the world just feels like it
predicts better but I'll keep an eye on
it so this will get stronger and
stronger over time and and maybe never
never stopped getting stronger well
we're getting good comments so I think
that maybe we did our job here and feel
free to refer back to this often and I
think you've got everything you need now
to author your own life you're no longer
a victim of reality you are no longer
the subject of reality you're now an
author some of you were already authors
and now you're better authors and those
of you who didn't know you could be an
author of your reality well you just
found out and I will leave you on that
and you could have a terrific night
tonight and the rest of your life it's
looking good