hey everybody good to see you coming to
you from an undisclosed location where I
might be brain breaking the biggest
story of the year
or not so we're going to be experiencing
two realities at once it's sort of a
Schrodinger's cat of periscopes today in
one reality you're going to hear the
most shocking thing you've heard in a
long time
but it might not be true so I'm going to
ask you to fact check it and you can't
this is the exciting part I'm gonna I'm
gonna give you the biggest story of the
year that might not be true
but you get to check it yourself now
each of you individual may not be able
to check it but collectively there are
enough people watching this that we will
be able to know if this hypothesis is
true or false and if it's true it's just
about the biggest no it would be the
biggest story of the earth it would be
the biggest story there that doesn't
involve violence I guess alright but
before that before that there's a little
thing called the simultaneous SEP
mornings I read from my little script
for the introduction sometimes if I'm on
the road in a secret location like today
I don't have that with me so you might
have to help me
those of you who have memorized the
introduction to the simultaneous it all
you need is a cup or a mug I don't know
is anybody memorized it well we'll see
it in the list see if somebody can
reproduce it in the comments because I
know I know somebody there as memorized
it by now
all right well we're not going to make
you wait
let's go directly to the simultaneous
sip you know
the best part of your day it's the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better
simultaneous it go alright so here's my
big story or again I might just be wrong
and you'll get to check this you
actually will be able to check this so I
was keeping you up-to-date about the
story of ambassador Richard Grinnell's
account where were a number of you
including me we had followed him on
Twitter at one point and then got
somehow unfollowed and I had given you
three hypotheses for how that could
happen I'm gonna add a fourth and the
fourth is pretty darn good but that's
the part you're gonna check for me so I
don't asserted as fact I asserted to
have something I want you to check for
me and then we'll figure out if it's
fact if it is it's the biggest thing
happening this year alright so I
pothinus never one would be Twitter
management had decided to rig the
election and was ordering its employees
to you know put their finger on some
accounts I don't think that's likely
indeed I think that's deeply unlikely
based on human nature because the it
would be too easy to discover and the
risk would be too high for somebody
who's already doing well and isn't
senior management of a major technology
company it's just not a risk reward that
makes any sense from a senior management
perspective so I said I think the odds
that there's somebody in Twitter
management who's making a decision to
throttle people very low very low odds
then you have the the bug concept well
maybe it's just a bug that they haven't
found out I also think that's very low
chance because it's such a massive bug
and it would be an easy one to fix I
can't believe it would go so long and it
would just be a bug and somehow it
hadn't been fixed so I would reject the
bug hypothesis and the it's coming from
management
but then you have the is there a rogue
element within the company and I don't
know how to put it odds on that but you
can't rule that one out
it's just that we don't have any
evidence of it and probably unless it
was a lot of people in on it it seems
like somebody would have noticed you
know what some programmer who was not
listening in on it probably would have
noticed not necessarily but probably so
I would say the odds of it just being a
bad actor can't rule it out but the odds
are not high here comes hypothesis
number four here's the one you're gonna
check turns out that when you try to
connect some apps to Twitter you know to
make your apps work together you have to
give permissions to the third-party app
I'm seeing it in the comments somebody's
added me on Twitter somebody sent me in
fact let me call them out a root
Esperanza rut Esperanza on Twitter sent
me the permissions page for one
particular app in which the permission
if you didn't read it carefully and he
just said sure I give you a permission
it would give the third-party app
permission to follow and unfollow your
Twitter accounts for you without your
permission you would give the permission
once and then forever the app would be
able to do whatever you wanted on your
Twitter account what app do you think it
was here it comes
delivered another bump up up up up up up
up up up up um tick-tock
I'm just good I'm just gonna let that
sit in just let that sink in for a
little bit
tick tock do you know who owns tick tock
China
now here's what I want you to do if any
of you have both tick tock and Twitter
or you can actually test it by just I'm
not sure what the condition is when
you're maybe when you're signing up for
a tick tock does it ask you to connect
to Twitter because so so here's the fact
check the fact check for me that part of
the tick tock process involves a page
that gives you the option which you
might not read the details of does it
give you the option to let tick tock
control your follows and unfollow
if it does it's the biggest story of the
year am I wrong and if it doesn't then I
have some questions about how who sent
it to me but check it just check it ok
now correct me if I'm wrong I believe
that society has been warned about tick
tock I believe we've been warned that
the Chinese government might be using
apps and technology to you know get a
little influence that they should not
have so some of you probably immediately
picked up another device and said what
the heck and are looking at this right
now so by the time we're done with the
periscope we might actually have
confirmation now somebody says do I use
it no I don't use the app but remember
it wouldn't be me who uses the app it
would be it would be just one of us so
you'd only need one person to if one
person has given permission that's
probably all it takes so I don't use the
app so I'm not vulnerable in that
particular way nor would I I would never
use a Chinese app if I knew I was using
it all right so go check that we'll see
if that's the biggest thing and to think
now if I were China and let's say
hypothetically I had some way to in
luis who gets followed and doesn't get
followed how would you do it in other
words would you randomly have people
followed and followed now you would you
would make a decision about when it
makes sense for China and I think you
would pick the people who are the most
influential and also talk about this
topic so you'd have to be influential in
general but also say things that China
doesn't like you to say or beyond the
party that it doesn't want to win that
would probably include Ambassador
Grinnell if you are China do you think
that the things that ambassador Grinnell
says are things you would like to have
greater influence or lesser influence
probably lesser same with me
who talks down about China more than I
do
not many people all right that's enough
that let's talk about some loser think
in the news secretary minuchin was asked
about greta tunberg opinions of i guess
what the United States should be doing
with its economy and with with climate
change and and minuchin quite cleverly
said listen let me get the exact quote
here because he was pretty funny he's he
said he dismissed climate activists
Greta tunberg saying but Papa Papa she
should first go to college and study
economics before she weighs in on US
policies and how they relate to the
climate crisis so a secretary minuchin
just called loser think on Greta tunberg
was that fair hundred percent 100
percent fair
so minuchin just showed you the way I'll
tell you how everybody's been doing it
wrong
how many times have you seen people say
she is just young she's just a kid she
doesn't know anything she's just young
she's a kid why are we listening to a
kid
right unfortunately that argument is not
as solid as you hope because her whole
argument is that the kids are the ones
who are going to pay the cost of our bad
behavior the the older generations so
you can't beat her argument by saying
she's just a kid when her argument is
I'm a kid and I'm gonna have to pay for
this right
but minuchin he took the the smart way
to to approach us by simply noting that
there's an entire domain of knowledge
that one would need to have in order to
have a useful opinion on the topic and
he's simply pointed out that she has
never had any access to that domain she
has not been an economist she has not
studied the most important part of the
decision now I say the economics is the
most important part because it's the
economics that tells you when to go and
how hard to go and what to do it's one
thing for the science to say we think
there's a problem I know some of you
disagree but just work with me here
there's one thing for the science to say
there's a problem but the what do you do
about it
ends up being a combination of science
plus how much is it going to cost so if
you haven't handled the how much is it
going to cost
you don't know the trade-offs you don't
know the alternatives you don't matter
look at things in a in a rational way
the way an economist would minuchin just
totally brushed her off in the best
possible way because it's sort of funny
and it hits you is true because as soon
as he says that you go well that's kind
of true you really would sort of need to
know about economics to make decisions
about the entire economy of the United
States we don't delegate that to
children there's a reason we delegate it
to people who maybe have studied
economics so to secretary minuchin nice
play nice play loved how you did that
and by the way the when you see a little
glimpse of things like this you know we
always talk about how many people have
cycled through the administration
president Trump has fired a lot of
people a lot of people who quit but
seems like minuchin has been there a
long time right it correct me if I'm
wrong but it seems like minuchin is one
of the people who seems to be able to
get along with this president pretty
well and then we see just a little bit
of a glimpse behind the curtain to see
why that might be the case because the
new cheon's framing of tunberg is the
best I've seen it's absolutely the best
of every critic who said anything about
Greta tunberg nobody did it as well as
he just did it there's no way that he
and Trump don't get along when it's the
two of them chatting right because
minuchin got skills that was really
really good alright enough about that
let's talk about who's winning and
losing in the impeachment theater III
have a winner and a loser
well I have a winner I guess the other
side has to be the loser I declare the
Democrats the winners so far now of
course we're not at the endpoint but
here's why the Democrats are winning and
winning hard because in the in the court
of public opinion which is the only one
we're talking about because the Senate
everybody thinks they know where it's
going to end up so it's not a trial in
the sense that you're influencing you
know jurists or the judge because we
know how that ends but there's a big
play in influencing the public and
that's sort of the point and when you
have somebody who is smearing that the
accused all day long in public and it's
a real complicated situation and then
you have the other side saying it's not
true who wins you already know the
answer to that right if all you know it
doesn't matter if it's impeachment or
it's a criminal trial doesn't matter
what the domain is
if you have these two things well three
things going on it's a complicated
situation that the people watching we're
having a little bit trouble following
but one side is smearing the accused
just you know hours and hours literally
hours of smearing smear smear smear
uh-huh and the other side is saying no
it's not true
who's winning it's this mirror this
mirror is way stronger than the defense
in this situation in which nobody can
independently tell exactly what's going
on because it's too complicated and hey
we're not lawyers and even if we were
lawyers we might still disagree because
we watch the lawyers disagree right so
under those conditions having a shift
just chew up TV time with accusations
he's winning he's winning hard all right
so if you were to look at it from just a
stable point today it's a slaughter it's
a slaughter
I hate to tell you but Schiff is
absolutely slaughtering the Republicans
now are the Republican are the lawyers
good I think so I think they're very
good I think they're doing everything
they can do it's just that you could
reverse the teams it doesn't matter who
has what talent you know the other
they're all operating in a pretty high
level but it's irrelevant who the
lawyers are because the smear always
beats the defense if nobody can
independently tell what's going on and
that's our situation now on top of that
you have this weird situation where the
system rewards lying it's a terrible
system you know I always talk about
systems versus goals apparently we have
a terrible system for this Senate trial
situation because lying is not
disincentivized in fact it's rewarded so
both sides let's admit both sides are
telling some tales here but these
mirrors always going to be so
I would also say and this is a
incomplete opinion because there might
be something I don't know about this
topic but I would say independent of the
the quality and the talents of the White
House lawyers who again who they look
very qualified very good I would say
that they botched the case so far but I
don't know if that's because of them all
right it might be this is just
speculation but we hear reporting that
the president wanted to defend the case
on the details but we hear that say Alan
Dershowitz and other smart people are
saying don't even talk about the details
just say it's unconstitutional vote and
get rid of it now what we observe is
that the Senate is and the White House's
defense is not following the Dershowitz
playbook would you agree can we say that
can we say that authoritative Lee
because Dershowitz has said a few times
hit the constitutional argument vote and
go home and I completely agree with that
from a persuasion perspective because it
gets it gets rid of all these hours of
Schiff you know smearing the president
and it it doesn't make you deal in the
weeds where the accuser has the
advantage so so Dershowitz is is quite
accurately saying the playing field in
which the president has all the
advantages is the constitutional
argument he has all the advantages it's
the home court take the constitutional
argument instead and I don't know the
reason I don't know if it's the lawyers
decision or they're doing they're doing
the work of their client the president
for whatever reason they've decided to
climb into the weeds and get down in the
weeds it's a losing play because it's
shifts the home-court the smear beats
the defense
and it's beating the crap out of it
right now now is anybody really changing
their minds well who knows you don't
have to change many minds to change the
next election so they're not that many
people evolve but if you change a few
could make a difference all right so I
would say that the White House defense
is largely botched for not following the
dershowitz plan which was a solid plan
there might be something I don't know
meaning there may be a reason that the
White House lawyers are doing it the way
they're doing it something that
Dershowitz has not called out in a way
that I've heard anyway so then I might
have a gap in my knowledge all allowed
that that possibility exists but so far
it looks like it looks like chef is
winning hard and that the reason he's
winning card is that the strategy is bad
from the White House all right here's a
question for you we keep talking about
John Bolton potentially testify let me
ask you this do you think the do you
think the White House lawyers at this
point don't already know what John
Bolton would say now of course there's
some uncertainty because you know the
questioning can take things in any
direction but is there any chance that
the White House doesn't know by now what
John Bolton is gonna say so if they do
know and it's nothing that's gonna
change anything I mean it might confirm
things we've already seen but I don't
know how much difference that would make
but one of these strategies and again I
don't see them doing this but one
strategy would be and I think rush
limbaugh was promoting this idea to put
shyffilis in the spotlight and just put
all the focus on him because he's not
really a sympathetic character in
general and he's got a lot to explain so
imagine if the White House defense said
you know well we hear ships say a lot of
stuff and a lot of its lies just make
the statement you know we're listening
to shift talk we're in a situation in
which lying is not punished and ship is
lying like crazy well we'd like to do
for the benefit of the Senate and the
benefit of the public watching is
interview chef now what is shift can say
when they say we want to interview chef
well he's gonna say is not a fact
witness and it's just you know it's just
a clever scheme but it's gonna put him
in the situation of defending not having
witnesses so wouldn't it be productive
to make shift directly have to defend
why he's calling for witnesses but
doesn't want witnesses because he
because the Republicans would call him
and hunter Biden so it would be
interesting to put him on the defensive
about why only he gets to decide who the
witnesses are now some of you already
knew this interesting anecdote but did
you know that Schiff writes screenplays
in his spare time
that apparently he's written screenplays
and let's see which topics
he's written a murder mysteries a
holocaust story and a spy drama that's
right
the simulation has served up to us
Adam Schiff who actually writes fiction
that matches what he's doing in his day
job if you look at the the Russia
collusion thing basically it was it was
like a script written for television
that he acted out and one of the things
that shift does is he's got kind of a
theatrical you know way about him is
that he tries to turn something into
nothing with the application of acting
so I'm going to give you a demonstration
of that all right I'll say it first in
the way that you would just say it
straight and then I'll say it the way
that Adam Schiff says it to make you
sound like it's really bad the first way
is looks like this little overcast today
might get some rain all right now here's
Adam Schiff giving you the same fact and
it's overcast today we might even see
rain rain because it's overcast it's
overcast today today people today not
tomorrow not yesterday today and it
might I can't say this for sure
but I think we should be worried it
might rain it might rain hard it could
rain for days rain you know I don't mean
to make too much of this but the Bible
talks about rain and it talks about rain
for 40 days and 40 nights
I can pray I pray that we don't see that
but we can't guarantee you we can't take
that chance people the Republic is a
snake because it might as I said before
it might rain
they're my rain people my rain and Abner
it's the William Shatner acting class
but you can see him continuously taking
things that don't sound interesting at
all and trying to make them substantial
and interesting by his his choice of
presentation a couple other interesting
facts about chef I did not know that he
spent part of his childhood in the town
next to me in Danville where I used to
live
so I actually spent time in one of his
childhood towns I didn't know that he
also runs marathons and triathletes did
you know that did you know that Adam
Schiff is actually a really really
successful athlete he runs marathons and
triathletes I got it I gotta admit
caught me caught me by surprise but I'm
not going to make fun of that because I
actually
back that so if I'm if I'm being fair
Adam chef good job on Fitness I don't
love your your your other job but on the
fitness level good role model keep it up
you saw of course that on two occasions
the Democrats in the impeachment
situation there showed that a hoax clip
of the president claiming he could do
whatever I want as president now of
course the hoax part of it is he was
talking specifically the context was
that he could fire Comey if he wanted to
because that's in his job description
which it is but the Democrats have
played it twice under the guise of
acting as if he's saying it like to be a
dictator I can do anything I want so
they're taking it out of context to make
it look like he thinks he's above the
law which is opposite of what he said
because that what he said was what I'm
doing is compatible with the law and
it's true so literally it reversed it
reversed the meaning from I'm following
the law to I break the law now it's one
thing when you see Schiff and company
show that clip the hoax clip and try to
tell you it's true because they're in
this you know persuasion battle and
that's their job they're persuading but
then I saw that that same hoax clip was
mentioned in an opinion piece on CNN and
it may be curious about CNN's internal
rules so they have this designated hit
piece writer on Trump this guy's Stefan
or Stephen Collinson and just about
every day or two he's got an opinion
piece in which he says the president is
rotten and must be you know and we're
all in trouble
so basically easily doesn't hit a hit
piece right and so he mentions again
this hoax video but interestingly he
didn't put it in interpretation on it he
mentioned he mentioned that it was
played
mentioned what was said but he didn't
say it was it was edited to reverse its
meaning nor did he say that the meaning
is that it looks like the president's
trying to be a dictator he put it out
there without the opinion part on it
which was damaged I just lost Mike just
lost power in my computer damn it the
rest of the show will be a little bit
shorter since all of my notes just
disappeared but I might be able to plug
it in depending if for your patience so
but I'll be let me do that while you're
all I'm talking I lost my train of
thought ah damn it I don't have my power
so my question is this do cnn's
rules allow that an opinion writer who's
writing a set piece you know not
somebody was talking on live TV who you
can't really edit in in real time but
somebody's writing a written piece to
publish it on cnn.com is there anybody
in the company who reads it and says
well you're misrepresenting that fact
did is that does anybody do that because
is it's one thing if an opinion writer
writes an opinion that's you know
hyperbolic and crazy but you kind of can
tell an opinion but if you put an actual
fact in your opinion piece and the fact
isn't true how how does CNN editors
management to handle that I mean I don't
know what the processes do they let it
stay because even though it's obviously
not true I mean obviously not true
because you just have to look at the
context do they let it stay because it's
in the context of an opinion I don't
know
I'm wondering what they talked about but
it makes me think that they might have
had that conversation because as I
mentioned in the article it doesn't put
the wrong interpretation on it nor does
it put the correct interpretation is
simply mentions it it looks like it may
have been written
the with an interpretation that maybe
got you know taken out or maybe the
writer took it out himself and you want
just to leave it there for your own
interpretation but there you go all
right I had some really interesting
things to talk about on my notes that
just disappeared because it's on my
laptop that I can't plug in and I don't
have my cord with me did I watch the
James O'Keefe undercover CNN files
yeah the plug is actually it's not even
in the same building I would have to go
outside go down you know it's not here
what was the test you were doing
yesterday on YouTube oh yeah I
accidentally live streamed on YouTube
yesterday yeah live streamed a blank
screen but I'm testing a product called
Wirecast that's the software on
Telestream box with a piece of hardware
they should allow me to stream to the
YouTube and do periscope at the same
time and stream to other services as
well so yeah if I make you wait for the
Power Core it's gonna take too long
let's talk about the coronavirus the so
you know about this virus that's coming
out of China and apparently China has
closed an entire city you can't leave
the city and I gotta say if you had to
pick one country in the world to contain
a virus I can't think of a better place
than China because China
it looks like China is willing to do
what may be you know a democratic
country who wouldn't do which is just to
say all right starting immediately
nobody can leave this entire city of
many millions of people and
I don't know if you could do that in the
United States you could try but I don't
know if you get away with it
what's the slaughter meter people are
asking well I don't see any chance that
President Trump will do anything but win
reelection who owns the patents to the
coronavirus yeah you know I have to say
that my conspiracy theory brain went to
you know how much of this is human-made
but apparently the news today says it
came from snakes so it was the
scientists believe it originally started
in snakes and then was transferred to
humans now I don't know what human had
sex with a snake so there might be
somebody over in China who's got a lot
of explaining I don't know the mechanics
of exactly how you do that I don't want
to speculate but now I'm just kidding
I'm just kidding
probably happened from a snake bite it
was my best guess but at this point it
looks like you can travel through the
air if mutated and it would be a pretty
big problem ever see the movie outbreak
unfortunately yes all right did anybody
have time to research the tick tock
permissions question now it might be
other apps as well so tick tock wouldn't
necessarily be the only app they asked
for that permission so let's see in the
comments has anybody had time to either
debunk that because of your if it's not
true I'd like to debunk it right away
and I cannot verify don't jinxes win all
right
the comments are way behind because I
said that thing about the somebody says
it came from baths
I heard that it was other things that
came from bats but this one probably
came from us
I'm not sure we can exactly tell those
things for sure bat soup somebody says
it came from bad soup I don't know all
right
I'm not seeing any responses yet it
looks like everybody's still talking
about that virus and I don't have much
else to do so I guess I'll have to save
that for another day and I am going to
do something else and go talk to you
later