stocks doing this morning whoa Tesla's
way up rumble's up and video's way up
holy
uh bitcoin's way
up spy is way up what's going on today
is it it just because interest rates or
something did something happen
today interesting well looks like
there's some optimism happening
let's get the comments going and have a
[Applause]
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you never had a better time if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that no nobody can understand
with their shiny tiny human brains all
you need is a copper marker a glass of
tanker chelse Stein a canteen jurer
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the UN parallel pleasure
the dopamine the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen
now so good
well I uh took a class on how to
present the way that KL Harris does and
I picked up some tips so I'd like to do
today show using some of the things I
learned from the kamla Harris
presentation
class the first story I am going to tell
the 40 accent for no reason I don't even
know what the accent is but I learned
that if I use a different accent every
single time I talk to an audience for
some reason nobody even
notices all right that's enough of that
were you thinking my God don't do that
the whole time don't do that the whole
time now I'm thinking if you I won't do
that the whole
time well there's a news medical says
there's a genetic analysis that
challenges the idea that loneliness
causes diseases because they found a
correlation lonely people have more
health problems but they speculate based
on their scientific e
stuff that uh maybe just maybe it's that
the uh the diseases are causing the
loneliness to which I say well you know
know you could have saved a little bit
of time by talking to Scott because it
probably works both
ways why well remember remember I've
told you that all of our behaviors are
some kind of echo of our mating Instinct
even if we don't know it the reason I
work is you know I can give you logical
rational reasons oh I like it and maybe
I'm useful and all that but basically
it's just showing off because it's part
of my mating Instinct even though I'm
not looking to
mate so I think that people who know
they're not
healthy um spend less time around other
people because they don't have the same
mating impulse because they're not
thinking that they are a good mate so I
think if you feel like your body is 100%
your natural instinct is to want to be
with people and if you feel like your
body is hurting or defective in any way
you got a disease or condition you're
way less interested in spending time
with other people and I think that
that's probably just built into us in
our
DNA you know if you ever see when
animals are sick they don't like to be
around
anybody it might be the same
thing anyway
Rolls-Royce is winning some kind of big
deal to build many nuclear plants in
Czech in the Czech
Republic so you've heard of this before
right Rolls-Royce is now in the tiny
nuclear reactor business and they're
trying to do it commercially and it
looks like things are going to work out
it looks like it's a genuine business
and they're getting they're getting uh
deals but here's the thing that jumps
out at me why in the world is the most
important technology for the future the
one that would drive AI I mean you could
say AI is the most important but it's
not going anywhere without massive you
know electricity upgrades so I would
argue that tiny nuclear reactors are
kind of pretty close to the most
important
thing didn't you remember a time when
United States you know or maybe it would
be Japan or something would be number
one in something like this and now it's
Great Britain making a deal with the
Jack
Republic and there's nothing wrong with
that I wish them the best but I feel
like the United States has really really
lost you know any anything to do with
manufacturing were just pathetic and I
don't know what's happening to improve
that
actually anyway according to blaze media
uh Arizona officials have discovered
that uh close to 100,000 registered
voters may not have provided any proof
that they are
citizens
H and we're finding this
out
now how many of you trust that the
states have accurate lists of Voters and
that they did a good job checking to
make sure they're all citizens and that
they'll also make sure that no illegal
people vote it doesn't look like
anybody's trying does
it every time I hear one of these
stories and by the way I see probably
three stories like this every day and
it's because I'm in my little uh Silo of
information on social media so people
know that I'm interested in it so they
send it to me but I'll bet you if you're
a Democrat you've not heard one of these
stories I hear every day I hear some
other state did something that clearly
is incompetent or
illegal relative to the election
specifically and and it's happening
right up to a few weeks before the
election how in the world does anybody
think these elections are going to be
nice and credible and we're all going to
believe the the outcome when it happens
there's nothing happening that would
make us believe the outcome of the
election every single news event pushes
us further from it how's that possible
unless it's
intentional it doesn't look like we're
trying to have a real
election and that's weird I mean usually
you think okay well you know somebody's
corrupt and somebody's incompetent sure
that's normal but at least they're
trying to have a you know a good solid
safe
election I don't see
that I'm not even picking up the
intention now it might be there I'm
saying all I'm saying is shouldn't it be
crystal clear that the intention is to
have the cleanest best credible election
I don't see
it I I don't see anything that suggests
there's even an intention and that's
weird you expect good intentions but
maybe bad execution I don't see anything
that looks right about the election at
this
point um I don't know if you're
following the uh 23 and me Saga so 23
and me the company that will take your
DNA sample and then tell you about
yourself apparently they're close to
going out a business business the entire
uh board except for the leader the
founder every one of them
resigned
and the the the problem is they had a
problem that uh I predicted on day one
of this company but I thought well they
must have figured this out just because
it's not obvious to me here's the
problem once you've had your DNA
tested what else do you need to buy from
this company ever
it's it's once for the rest of your life
you'll never have another reason to buy
their product again now they tried to
figure out some you know related things
that could make money but they didn't
work out but that is a big problem once
you know what your DNA is and you're
done you don't need more so there's
that um I think they had some other
problems um and they were battling with
thec o and all that but uh then of
course all the conspiracy theories come
out and they say uh here's my favorite
conspiracy theory I don't believe this
by the
way but the theory was that the
government was always the ones you know
the Intel the CIA was behind this
because they were using it to collect
DNA on all the citizens but then when
the pandemic came the pandemic was used
to collect all the DNA so 23 and me
wasn't needed anymore
so it's being thrown under the bus I
don't believe any of that because I'm
pretty sure that nobody collected my DNA
during the
pandemic not that I'm not that I'm aware
of did did they take the needle and uh
like go swab it afterwards or something
no I don't think they took my DNA during
the pandemic I don't think so I mean
maybe they did maybe it's not impossible
but I don't think so
anyway there's a uh according to the
Daily
wire there's some big top border patrol
person who says that the Biden Harris
team or the administration told them to
hide the number of terrorists crossing
the border because because it would
sound bad so they're not they're not
allowed to say how many potential
terrorists are coming into the
country I feel like we need to know that
does it surprise you that the admin
ministration would say I want why don't
you tamper it down a little bit on the
whole terrorists coming into the country
let's put a little less attention on the
terrorists
maybe maybe that happened um however I
would like to add
this question SL
observation when I read the stories
about the the alleged terrorists coming
across the border usually they fall into
the category of they came from from a
country we don't
trust it's not like we knew something
specific in each case I think in some
cases we know about the individual but I
think in most cases isn't it just a
presumption about the place they came
from and we don't really know you know
if we get a hundred people from a
country that is a terrorist aligned
country we don't know that those hundred
are all terrorists but they would be all
on the same list wouldn't they as
potential terrorists just because they
came from from a country now if it is a
terrorist country that's bad designs for
the United States you would expect that
if we let a 100 people in from a
terrorist country some of them would be
actual Bonafide
terrorists um not every
time but out of a 100 if the country if
the country knew they could get in that
way and they knew they had bad designs
the United States I feel like it's a
guarantee you know maybe not for a 100
people but if a thousand people came in
from the wrong country yeah there would
be a few terrorists in there I feel like
that's close to a guarantee
statistically risk management wise so
there is something about the numbers
that's misleading So in theory the total
number of potential terrorists should be
10 times 20 times the number of actual
terrorists but I'm not underselling it
if only 10% of them are actual
terrorists I mean that's enough to
destroy the entire country so they don't
need more than that I've always said a
handful of terrorists could destroy the
United States they would just have to be
smart well the uh so Judicial Watch the
group Judicial Watch um they're doing a
class action lawsuit against the
reparation uh policy
that came out of Evanston Illinois so
apparently if you can show that you were
descendant of slaves you get
$25,000 and Judicial Watch is trying to
say that that's a big old racist
unconstitutional thing which it
obviously is and uh good good for them
so
um so good work Judicial Watch
I like
that well you've heard the news it's all
over social media that California made
it illegal to do parody of political
figures are you all up with that news
that uh Newsome signed a thing to make
it illegal to do uh
parody that didn't happen that's all
fake
news about everyone of you heard that
thought it was true no there's not any
chance in the real world that parody
became illegal anywhere no parody is not
illegal never will be I mean unless we
actually got a dictator but uh no nobody
tried to make parody illegal in fact the
bill that we're talking about says in
direct language parody is not included
in this parody is still
legal how many of you knew that how many
of you knew that the story was
completely
fake here's what they made
illegal you can't mislead people with
something that's important that's it so
something that's important is that
there's an election there's a certain
time for the election and there are
certain individuals who are running for
election if you were to do a video deep
fake let's say that showed Trump looking
exactly like Trump and saying something
that he didn't say because it would make
him look bad and there was no indication
it was
parody that should be illegal I agree
that should be
illegal because that's important it
keeps the country together you know the
the Integrity of the electoral system
and if you're doing a fraud and you're
creating something that has the the the
intention of Fraud and then you execute
it feels like that should be illegal to
me now I don't think you should
necessarily go to jail for it you know
the the level of the penalty is a
separate question but yeah I don't think
people should make things that look real
that are meant to change the outcome of
an election I'm not cool with that but
if you do something where it's just very
obviously parody no that's no risk
you're never going to see anybody get
jailed for an obvious parody so I think
that's fake news coming from the
right have you heard the uh the new song
called fighter that features Trump
there's a sort of an Anthem showing
Trump in a very positive light with a
video and music it's from John KH
khn um and uh apparently he works at
Breitbart I think he's
coo and uh on the side he was a you know
wanted to be a rock singer but he had a
corporate kind of a job like
a lot of people do and he comes out with
this uh this song and apparently is just
killing it it's uh it's in the top 10 on
iTunes somebody said it was top one I
don't know if that's the case top five
in Pop
um now I also reposted it and when I
started to listen to it I thought to
myself oh this is going to be another
one of these
corny you know there's no way this is
going to reach me in any emotional way I
thought well okay I'm glad somebody got
to you know showcase some music I didn't
have any interest in it at all but I
turned it on it immediately grabbed me
and I watched every second of it and
it's
great so I recommend it so look for it
John KH K A hn and I think it's uh if
you just search for a fighter
and Trump and video or something will
pop right up it's in my feed you can
find it I posted it um either this
morning or last night I can't remember
last night I
guess very very good John Khan great job
how many of you saw Trump's surprise
semi surprise uh appearance on Gutfeld
the TV show on Fox News anybody watch
it well it turns
out it might be
the best Trump
appearance that we've ever seen and
there there's lot to choose from here's
what I liked about it
um we underestimate Trump's
skill in the domain of communication and
you know public events and stuff do you
know how hard it is to be on that
specific show where people are you know
trying to be funny but they're also
talking about the news do you know how
hard it is to look
presidential and also fit in with a
bunch of
jokers that's really really hard and not
only did he fit in but he was part of
the
joking and the fact that he could just
walk into that environment completely
unlike really any other environment even
in media it's unlike anything and that
he just slayed it just killed it um he
looked completely comfortable
and here's the part if you don't want to
watch it for any other reason I'm going
to tell you the one reason you have to
watch
it when Trump is introduced by by Greg
he's giving him a funny introduction
Trump
Smiles in a way that he's doing he's
like half laughing and smiling and
throughout the event Trump couldn't get
the smile off his
face and you know when Trump's in his
serious you know political he he can do
the mug shot look you know where where
he's all he's all serious and people
have even asked why have we never seen
him
laugh and I thought huh you know that I
do wonder about that but you you saw him
clearly amused and laughing uh you know
in his own way he's not a he's not like
a leaning his head back and laugh kind
of guy but he was clearly laughing and
I've never seen him I've never seen him
in
enjoy a public interaction that much so
highly recommended if you can watch the
videos the videos are on social media
today um I I loved every second of it
and here's the fun
part you know how it's hard to break
through with any policy
stuff um he's he said this before but
somehow I think saying it in this
environment gave it that little extra
you know little extra juice uh he was
asked about uh
fenel and here's what I don't expect I
don't expect anybody to say anything
useful on fenel because it's always like
oh we'll control the Border better and
then I say you can't control the Border
enough to to stop a microscopic
object the amount of fentanyl it would
take to kill a person is smaller than
you can see with your eyes you know you
you could have a a enough fenel in
something the size of a baseball to you
know practically serve a a city and you
could just toss it over the fence
anywhere you wanted to you're not really
going to stop fenel with a border policy
it's it's just the wrong tool so if he
had said well I'm going to build a wall
I would have said you don't even
understand this
topic and I expected him to say that
honestly I expect him to say build wall
then there the other one is um remember
the Republicans said they would send the
military in to act against the uh the
cartels to which I used to think that
was a good idea but now I think that
presidents get the talk if they get too
serious about something like that and I
think the talk involves we kind of work
with the cartels behind the scenes
because that's how we control the
countries and it's more important that
we control these countries that it is
that some drug people
die I think that's the actual talk
and so I don't expect anybody to answer
the question with anything that could
work even when you say stuff like well
we'll you know have treatment centers I
think RFK JR says that we'll have lots
of treatment centers I say to myself
well that's good but we should have lots
of treatment centers just General so
it's just sort of this generic stuff and
what does Trump
say he says we need the death sentence
for fenel
dealers he says it's the only thing that
will stop it he tells a story about
talking to president shei in China and
she is just laughing about now who knows
how much of this is exactly true but
it's a it's a good context and he says
that she says there's no drug problem in
China because they just execute the
dealers and says there is that there's
no other way and I say to
myself I don't know of another way I
mean I've spent a lot of time thinking
about it I don't know of any other way
to stop it and then I say to myself but
can we be you know the country we need
to be if we're
literally murdering well killing let's
say not murdering if we're killing um
fentanyl
dealers now Trump uses is a data point
that I think is you know his normal
exaggeration but it's directionally
correct he says that one dealer can kill
500 people now obviously that would have
to be a top dealer you know somebody
who's moving a big quantity to a lot of
different people that's not the that's
not the one guy in the street who bought
twice as much and sold half of it that's
different but yes if somebody is killing
500 people absolutely if if somebody's
you know main job like is something they
do on a regular basis is selling fenel I
think they should be
killed and I would even go further I
think you should execute them at the
border if you if you uh if the car is
full of fenel and it's obvious that
there's just a bunch of drug
dealers you you know if it were up to me
you could drag them out and put a bullet
in their head right by the side of the
road and no that's never going to happen
so it's not like a serious
recommendation I'm just telling you if
you're looking for what's going to work
you're going to have to go pretty
dark because everything that's not dark
isn't going to work now I love the fact
that there's some you know drugs that
people are developing to you know to
make it hard to get addicted and maybe
that has its role too but the people who
doing the addiction is because they want
the feeling they want the addiction and
if you killed all the drug dealers with
they just find some other way to get it
and it come in the mail instead of being
handed to you and then you don't know
who the dealer is anyway so nobody can
catch him so I don't know if there's any
solution but uh as someone who's lost a
family member to fenel uh watching The
Bodies Hit The Ground would feel good to
me so I'm not uh let me admit I'm not
objective I would literally feel good to
know that fenel dealers were being
executed I every time heard it I'd feel
good now you should not listen to me on
this topic because I just told you that
the death of human beings would make me
feel good in this context clearly I'm
not being
objective nor do I apologize for that if
you lose your child to fenol you'll want
to kill everybody involved I do now not
in any illegal way of course but I think
that uh if you're selling fenel you have
vol to be killed and if the government
does it in a perfectly legal way I would
enjoy every one of them and I'll go
further if they need somebody to pull
the lever I'll pull every one of them
I'd never get tired of it every single
time I pulled that lever and watched the
life drain out of their eyes I
would have a good
day and I'm not proud of it not
something I'm bragging about but let me
tell you where your where your brain and
your body go
knows when this happens to you all right
changes your thinking quite radically so
yes kill the
dealers and if if there were no other
topics I would vote for Trump just for
that I don't know if he can get that
done um Congress would there'd have to
be a lot of state laws federal laws I
mean he can't make the laws
himself but if he could uh get it done
to declare fenel dealers as terrorists
then maybe there is a way to kill them
in the field before they get to court
which would be fine with me absolutely
fine kill them kill them where you find
them so there's
that Mike Ben has a contrarian opinion
here on the fenel stuff and he says that
uh quote once again you're going to find
the highest ranking four St Pentagon
officials opposing this with every fiber
of their over embroidered Souls and you
say to your yourself what Mike Ben this
sound so crazy why would our military
oppose getting tough on the Sentinel
trade it's because we're in on it it's
how we control the other governments in
the other countries because the cartels
control the governments south of our
border so if we want to control the
government it means working with the
cartels so I think that our government
has said hey Scott your stepson is not
important to us we've got bigger F fish
to fry so uh 70,000 young people mostly
young are going to be
dying every year and we've looked at
that and we think that that's worth it
because we get a lot of control over the
southern
hemisphere I think that's the actual
situation that it's a conscious
tradeoff meanwhile Hillary Clinton
appeared on msnb see because there's no
such thing as too much evil in one
place and she tells us that Trump can't
be trusted with nuclear weapons if he
can be triggered by a
tweet well Hillary let me explain a few
things if Trump had been triggered by a
tweet to grab a blunt object and try to
beat to death the person who did the
Tweet I'd say well you've got a good
point here if Trump had ordered the
assassination of somebody who had made a
tweet he didn't like then again I would
say Hillary Clinton you've got a good
point there if however he responded to
words about him with words about the
person who said the words about him then
I have no
problem that is a completely stable
person who understands that dealing with
words you use words and you don't use a
nuclear
bomb against the words
now he's been in office for four years
the safest four years we've ever had I
would argue and she's still canell to
her brainwashed idiot MSNBC
audience that he's the dangerous
one it she is the most evil person in
politics subjectively speaking now I you
know I look at politics all day long and
there's some characters I enjoy and some
I
don't and but I don't get any kind of
feeling from anybody else in politics
including you know Adam Schiff and swell
and Rasin and Brennan and you know the
ones that I think are the the deepest
problems they don't make
me hate them at a cellular level when I
see Hillary Clinton lately especially
I don't just disagree with her policies
I hate her at a level that I don't feel
for anybody
else
anywhere not in person certainly I don't
there's nobody in person that I hate
that much and there's nobody in the
public domain I hate that much she and I
don't know why I'm trying to figure out
why um I don't have hatred for KL
Harris I I have a strong WR strong
preference that she's not my pre
president but I don't have any hatred at
all you know not for anybody else I've
disagreed with she's the only
one and I think it's because she just
oozes
evil you I I don't even know how to put
a word on it that there's something
about her
smile that looks
like I'm planning to kill
my enemies is going to be so enjoyable
to watch their lifeless bodies bounce
off the
ground the smile and the creepiness are
just
so
disturbing and when she goes on
MSNBC uh it's like double
disturbing um and by the way and again I
want to say it's not about disagree with
me you know if I turn on CNN I like to
use this as my classic example if I see
van Jones saying a bunch of stuff that
seems you know political and biased and
you know he's doing team play I never
think that he's evil or bad or like
there's something wrong with him at a
cellular level I just think oh he's a
smart you know interesting guy who you
know disagrees on politics he's doing
his job that's all I think and mostly
that's what I think when I see other
people but when I see Hillary oh my God
I mean I feel a it's like Voldemort I
just feel a terror in my soul why why
only
her because I maybe I feel that she's
behind most of the bad stuff but I don't
have any direct evidence of that I mean
the fact that she got away with the
Russia collusion
hoax and has still gotten away with it
am am I wrong that she ran the worst
thing that we've seen happen to the
American public in a long time and just
gets invited on MSNBC nobody even brings
it
up the only thing they should ask her is
why did you do this to the country
except they did it to the country too so
they can't ask that question they were
complicit anyway I think MSNBC also has
the stupidest pits and guests
if you were just compare CNN's
pundits you would also disagree with
them in many cases nothing wrong with
that people disagree on politics but
they don't look
stupid when MSNBC brings on pundits I
disagree with them but they also seem
really
stupid what's up with
that
anyway MSNBC had a guest uh yesterday or
today that uh said that kamla Harris
being a black woman the product of a
mixed marriage it will boost America's
credibility and deter
Putin now come
on that's somebody way too stupid to be
on
CNN you could only book that kind of a
guest on MSNBC that's like that's like
the highest level of stupid I mean it's
so ridiculous I can't believe that this
was ever on any kind of public
broadcasting
anything really that that Putin's going
to be totally impressed by the uh the
mixed
marriage I don't know Putin that well
but it doesn't seem like that would be
too high on his list before he decided
to you know nuke us well I was going to
Nuke him but wait a minute the president
has a mixed marriage ha
I I Surrender I didn't know they were
that
awesome well ran Paul was on Fox saying
that CNN and MSNBC need to tone it down
with their their violent sounding
rhetoric and I ask myself given that CNN
and MSNBC have had guests and hosts who
compare Trump to Hitler and the dictator
every few seconds at what point does
that become illegal
be I didn't know so I asked chat GPT and
maybe you can fact check me here those
of you who are lawyers and
smart but my understanding is that hate
speech would be actually protected so
the first amendment protects hate speech
with one exception well I won't say one
exception I'll say there's an exception
so the exception where where speech is
protected in terms of hate speech is
that you can't be directly inciting
people to do something right away that's
dangerous so you can't say uh go stab
that person tomorrow that would be clear
intention for harm and it's Al there's
an immediacy to it it's not like a
general statement a general statement
would be okay a general statement would
be like well you know in the long run
we're gonna have to do something about
this group of people
all right it's not specific and it's not
immediate so that's okay so let me ask
you
this um with all the incitement of
violence that's coming out of CNN and
MSNBC and the Democrats in general would
you say that uh there's a clear
intention to kill
Trump can can you determine that let's
say MSNBC let's just use them does Ms
MSNBC display a clear intent ention to
get Trump
killed I would say
yes because
intentions you know not the easiest
thing to prove right because we can't
read
minds but if somebody does something
that would get somebody killed and they
do it every day and people are pointing
you down all the time hey hey if you
keep doing that you're going to get
somebody killed specifically Trump and
then they keep doing it every day and
then you bring it up again oh wait you
know we're going to have to put somebody
who's a prominent member of Congress up
here to make sure you've heard the
message that this is very
clearly going to incite violence now if
they keep doing it after Congress you
know members of Congress have said you
are clearly inciting violence here what
what would you say about their
intention well their defense would have
to be we didn't believe those Republican
guys we thought we were just talking I
now how about the
immediacy well if you were just talking
about your political opponent being
unworthy there's no immediacy there but
if you see two specific assassination
attempts that happen to be compressed at
the tightest part before the actual
election where the election is acting
like a
deadline you have a mediacy
so I see both
intention and immediacy they want him to
be taken out before the actual
election uh to me it couldn't be more
clear now they don't say the words
somebody go take him out before the
election but how else do you interpret
he's going to steal your democracy he's
Hitler he's going to be a dictator and
we mean it we're not
joking because Hillary Clinton said that
directly she said he should be taken
seriously and literally when he says he
wants to be a dictator if you tell
me that Hillary Clinton doesn't want him
to be killed I would say what are you
watching because what I'm watching
there's a clear
intention looks pretty clear to me
now could you have a legal action based
on that probably not and maybe we're
better off if you don't because it gets
pretty close to the Free Speech but I
see it if if you're going to judge them
morally and
ethically yes they have both the
intention and the immediacy so they they
have satisfied the in my mind this is
just subjective in my mind they've
satisfied both requirements of
intention and real danger I mean you
don't have to wonder because there been
two assassination attempts and
immediacy so I guess I guess what it
lacks is some
specificity but that's not part of the
law so the law doesn't say you you have
to specify how it's going to be done no
you just have to want it to be done and
you want it to be done soon you know at
a specific time and both of those are
satisfied anyway that's why I'm not a
lawyer um the teamsters as you probably
heard normally they back the Democrat
and by now they would be saying we back
KL Harris but the teamsters have decided
that this time they're not going to
endorse the presidential candidate which
is very unusual I think it's never
happened before certainly hasn't
happened in decades um and that is
interpreted as sort of a pocket
endorsement for trump it just means that
the leaders aren't aren't ready to
endorse Trump but the there was a poll I
don't think it was scientific but it did
show that the Gamers seem to be heavily
in favor of trump now do you believe
that do you believe the rank and file of
the members are heavily in favor of
trump I believe that I don't have a
confirmation of that because I wouldn't
believe any unscientific poll but feels
right I mean it satisfies observation
you know when I look around it feels
like the people in those kinds of jobs
are more more likely to be Pro
Trump so
uh if if everything worked the way it
should work that should be the end of KL
Harris if you're if you're the head of
the Democrats and you lose the
teamsters that should that should be the
end of you and that's a pretty
strong factor in our
elections well in other
nonsense um so speaker Johnson tried to
connect to A continuing resolution now A
continuing resolution is when Congress
decides right in front of you not to do
their
job which is figuring out how much to
spend they'll do a continuing resolution
which says how about we just sort of
keep spending what we're already
spending and maybe a little bit more and
then both sides get a little bit more
and then they don't get into the weeds
which would be cutting things that you
don't need anymore
or you don't need as much and so
basically the whole continuing
resolution is Congress agreeing not to
do the job they were elected for now
Thomas Massie is doing a great job of
calling them out for that uh and saying
essentially we were elected to do this
work the work is deciding how much to
spend on what if they decide to not do
that
work well isn't that about half of
everything that we hired them to do you
know the other half being making laws
but at least half of it is how we how
are you going to spend our money it's
got to be at least half and they've just
decided not to do it ever ever they're
just not doing it I think their all of
their pay should be cut by
50% because they're still making
laws I like that part but if they're not
going to do half of their job
why are we paying them so we should at
least float the idea of cutting their
job 50% if they do continuing
resolutions and then it would go back to
normal as soon as they do their job
which is to decide what to
spend but Johnson thought he was being
clever or maybe it was political he was
going to attach to this continuing
resolution the save act which would um
if I understand it would um put pressure
on the states to make sure that only
people who had proven their citizens can
vote now if you love that part the part
about making sure only citizens can vote
then you probably or maybe were in favor
of a continuing resolution because
they're just going to attach those two
things and get them both you know you
don't love the continuing resolution but
maybe you love the save act you know so
only only citizens vote so that would be
to get you to vote for something you
didn't like well apparently
uh all of this was uh lying
 so apparently the save act
could be attached to the continuing
resolution and then when it got to the
Senate Schumer could just say hey that's
great we're going to ignore the save
act now I'm not sure I totally
understand how that
works yeah somebody's going to have to
explain to me how Schumer can just
ignore part of something and like it
didn't happen but apparently he's
already doing it
so you know I guess there's some Nuance
of what the Senate can do to a house
bill that I don't have all the details
of but apparently this was never going
to
happen so if you thought damn them they
they they lost a chance to pass this
valuable act there was never any chance
that it could be implemented it was all
 the whole thing is just
 the whole save Act and the
continuing resolution every bit of it is
Congress just avoiding their job none of
it is
real so now we have no budget no save
act and no path to get either
one
so the incompetence level in this
country is is
shocking shocking I say
meanwhile speaking of useless
institutions the United Nations voted uh
124 to4 to strip Israel well according
to Jerusalem Post this is their take uh
to strip Israel of its right of
self-defense in Gaza now that's a
subjective interpretation so what it
calls for is for the member states not
to sell uh so the UN would say all you
members of the UN don't sell any weapons
to Israel that would be used in
Gaza now apparently this has no uh teeth
so it doesn't matter that it's just
words it's a proclamation kind of thing
there's no no penalties you know nothing
would stop anybody from doing what they
want and of course the ones the 14 who
voted against it are just the ones that
the United States has in its pockets and
a lot of people abstained so none of it
will make any difference but it makes
the United Nations feel better I guess
um it's being reported that Israel used
some kind of a shell company or
companies to booby trap those Hezbollah
pagers and now we're hearing that
walkie-talkies over there were also
exploding now if it's
true that explosives were added to the
batteries of all the pagers and that's
what made them blow up along with a
software prompt to do it then would it
make sense that the walkie-talkies would
have a lot more explosives than them
seems if you could use that same
technique for walkie-talkies you're
going to put a lot more you know explody
stuff in there so uh and some pictures
that are not confirmed showed it looked
like the the blasts were
bigger now I say again if Israel just
managed to wipe out the entire
communication structure of their enemy
and I believe that they have uh approval
internally to
attack don't you expect it to happen
really fast now I saw one report that it
doesn't look like Israel is massing
forces as in they're not showing that
they're ready to attack but maybe that's
part of their cleverness too so I'm not
sure what it would look like to show
that you're ready for attack now one of
the reasons they might wait and I'm just
going to speculate if you blew up all of
the communication tools of the the bad
guys what would the bad guys
do if they couldn't use their pagers and
they couldn't use their walkie-talkies
and the cell phones had been warned
against here's what I think they'll do I
think they'll use their cell
phones because they can't not
communicate so I think they'll use their
cell phones and then Israel will just
wait and then pick up the locations
based on their cell phones because the
you know the individual terrorists will
think well if I just turn it on for a
minute and send my message and then turn
it off I should be safe you know they're
going to have they're going to have
hypotheses that maybe don't check out
and if Israel just Waits another
week I think a lot of those people are
just going to pick up their cell phones
and turn them on because they just have
to
communicate and then Israel will once
again know where they all are and maybe
that's when the attack comes don't know
but I don't know why they would have
waited as long as they have because well
it makes sense that they waited until
they blew up the
walkie-talkies so that made sense but
what's keeping them from attacking
now uh I'm seeing a message that has
started an hour ago is that true can
somebody give me a confirmation
did Israel start a major
attack just right now because that's
what I'm expecting
it am I that good at predicting we don't
know anyway there's a good compilation
of K Harris making her fake accents
which is pretty
hilarious uh
yeah yeah I would say that the Lincoln
project project is a little closer to
intention to get Trump killed that's
true their their uh their language is a
little more direct well you know you
heard the story about or the town Aurora
Colorado that allegedly had Venezuelans
taking over their apartment buildings
but we're getting more about that and it
wasn't that the Venezuelans took over it
was that the management of the apartment
buildings uh decided not to stay
so the whoever it was who was managing
the apartments a management company they
just pulled out now I don't know the
details of why they pulled out but I
would think it might have something to
do with the danger of managing a
building full of people who had weapons
and bad
intentions
so what you heard which which was the
Venezuelans were collecting rent so that
part is not there's no evidence of that
but there is evidence that maybe their
presence caused the only other adult
adults in the room to run away which
would leave a
vacuum which would mean the Venezuelans
could do anything they
wanted and it wouldn't be reported to
management in any effective way because
there was no
management so we're learning more about
that and then we heard somebody said
that Trump is going to visit Springfield
Ohio where the Haitian pet eating was
alleged but not proven and
Aurora and I think that would be a good
thing and you know what you know what it
would be good if Trump went to those
places and said you know what maybe it
was a little
overblown but directionally we've got a
real
problem I would kind of enjoy it if
Trump went there listened to the people
himself and let's say some of the people
say well you know the apartment wasn't
taken over
it's a dangerous situation and then just
have him modify say all right you maybe
maybe in the fog of War we heard some
things that weren't right but this is a
terrible situation doesn't really change
a lot doesn't change much directionally
it's the same thing so let's just do
something that then you could imagine
going to uh going to Springfield Ohio
again talking to the citizens they tell
him you know we're worried about this
thing but you know none of us have seen
it you know we haven't seen any you know
verified evidence of anybody eating a
pet
then that gives Trump the same the same
out which is you know now that we've
looked into it more we see that
directionally people are having a real
tough time with the influx of massive
number of people and that's a problem
now whether or not there was somebody
eating a pet it looks like we don't have
evidence of that sorry I said that he
doesn't say sorry but you know what I
mean and uh but let's fix it we've drawn
attention to the problem the problem is
still the problem you know give or take
a cat that's not changing the situation
right you may be one or two cats
wrong that's a funny way to say it
though maybe I was wrong by a couple of
cats but
directionally we can't do this anymore
in fact that would be the funniest way
to say it I was off by a few
cats that's on me but we got to fix this
problem imagine imagine MSNBC trying to
dump on him and they play the clip of
him saying okay honestly I think I was
off by a few
cats you couldn't get mad at
that it would be impossible to be mad if
somebody said you know honestly I was
off by a few cats but we still have to
fix
this yeah anyway uh apparently
is going to a town hall in Springfield I
think his instincts are again perfect I
think V and again I can't read mine so
I'm just going to speculate based on
what we've seen of him and you know what
we what we think is his character I
think he
knows that being part of the you know
let's say the Democrat not Democrat but
being part of the Republican royalty can
I call him that you know is sort of
Republican royalty at the moment just
cuz he's done such a good job people
appreciate him
and um I think his instincts are exactly
right he he should go there and he
should make that make sure that
Republicans don't look like idiots and
the way he can do that is to get to the
bottom of what is and is not true and do
it as a as a prominent Republican
supporter of trump now it gives Trump a
little bit of breathing room because he
doesn't have to do that himself if if in
fact the debunking happens and V can say
well look there were reports we
responded to the reports then we looked
into it now we have a better idea here's
our current
opinion I'm okay with that you know and
a lot of people know that the whole
eating of pets was part of a what I call
a recreational
belief some people believed it literally
other people said oh this is fun story
so let's repeat this I'm in the uh
recreational belief category I never
believed it literally although I don't
rule out there was one pet you know it
could have been one or two pets who
knows but not some widespread
problem anyway Matt Walsh was on uh Joe
Rogan and they were talking about the uh
the first
shooter um from the Butler Pennsylvania
event and here are some things that I
don't know if I knew all of these but
when you put them together they tell a
story allegedly the shooters apartment
was found professionally cleaned and
with no
silverware what would be the
explanation of a professionally cleaned
apartment for somebody who probably
couldn't afford of made and no
silverware why would there ever be no
silverware well what if he's a young guy
who just eats fast food he has plastic
utensils I I have I have a pile of
plastic utensils downstairs because when
I door Dash they send them to me and I
don't want to throw them away because
they look perfectly usable I just don't
have a use for them well i' I have a a
technique by the way I use door Dash who
gives me plastic utensils that I don't
want because I'm home I'm going to use a
fork but then I save their plastic forks
because in California the Starbucks are
not allowed to give you plastic forks
even though you need it to eat the food
unless you ask for it but the process is
usually to drop your thing and yell a
name and walk away so if you need a fork
it's hard to get it if they don't give
it to you in advance so I get the forks
that I'm not supposed to have from door
Dash that I didn't want and I use them
in
Starbucks because the state won't give
me a
fork so so I beat the system I'm pretty
happy about it you can tell by how much
time I spent talking about something
that has no purpose in your life
whatsoever that's how proud I am of my
plastic fork
solution anyway so I imagine you could
come up with some weird reason why a
weird young man would not have
silverware but it is a question um
there's that question about the phone
connected to the shooter that was
tracked moving between the FBI office
and the shooters location that could
also be wrong information or any weird
thing I don't know what to think about
that and he came to the event with a
rangefinder and nobody said much about
it um his body was quickly cremated and
there was no toxicology
exam
so yes there are
questions about this there are questions
um I I want to see if there's uh any
NPCs watching there's an NPC test that I
do that if I mention eating at
Starbucks uh the NPCs will say that I
should use a French press and don't eat
that crappy Starbucks
stuff anybody French Press NPCs
activate you should use a French press
all right I'm sure you'll say
it uh there's a report that Iranian
hackers got information from Trump's
campaign somehow and tried to provide it
to uh Democrats that we don't know if
they actually opened their messages so
we don't know if Democrats actually saw
any of it but allegedly Iranian hackers
got it and sent it to them how do we
know there are Iranian
hackers do you ever wonder
that uh
um the I just saw Charlie
heido referen so was hilarious but you
don't need to know about it
uh
anyway can we really tell if somebody is
a good enough
hacker to hack into a foreign country
and get the right accounts and get into
them they can't hide their
identity is there just no way there's
just no way to be an Iranian hacker that
somebody thinks is somebody
else I mean I don't know enough about
hacking but I'm very curious as how how
we know these
Iranians is that
knowable I feel like it is by its nature
not knowable I don't know I'm
curious all right well another judge has
refused bail to sha Diddy coms
saying the possibility that he will
tamper with Witnesses the
possibility if ever there was a
situation where somebody might tamper
with a witness I don't think I could
come up with a better example since the
charges include the fact that he may
have blackmail in he might have
blackmail on all of his
guests which would be Witnesses he might
have blackmail on all of them and maybe
they don't know what he has so if they
let him
out but it seems to me that Sean Diddy
comes would have people on the outside
who are not in jail who could do all the
threatening of the witnesses that he
needs so do you remember that when he
first got in
trouble it was a while ago and he did
this weird video that you didn't
understand where he sat with his
daughter and he read a long list of
celebrities who were were not coming to
his um defense and I think Oprah was on
it and you a bunch of other black
rappers musicians and stuff and when we
heard it we said to ourselves that is an
interesting way to handle the fact that
you've been accused of things and what
do the people on this list that you're
reading have in common
well I don't know what they have in
common but one thing I could imagine
they have in common is that he has
blackmail material on all of them and I
think he was telling them hey you guys
if I'm reading your name you know I have
blackmail on you You' better go use all
of your resources to corrupt the justice
department and the political system and
get me out of jail that's what it looks
like now I can't read his
mind so I don't know that that's why he
was reading the names but given well
what we do know is that people speculate
he had cameras in every room and he had
lots of blackmail and he was kind of an
Epstein blackmail asset and if he's
reading a names of people who have been
to his house and I think they've all
been to his house and we think there
were cameras in every
room how El are you going to interpret
him reading those names and saying you
guys are a little silent on
this I don't know that there's a second
way to interpret
that not a sensible way
and then of course people will speculate
these you know like Epstein he's working
for some intelligence operation and I
wouldn't rule that out do you remember
that Kanye in some appearance referred
to uh Diddy as a as a
Fed do you remember
that now yay would be in a position
unlike us where he's probably seen
behind the
curtain and
he might know he might know there's some
fed involvement of some kind because if
you're the feds not the feds let's say
CIA if you're were the
CIA wouldn't you want to have control
over anybody who had control over lots
of people with
blackmail I think you would think you
would not impossible that they're
connected um RFK Jr said specifically
what I I think we knew but not with
these details that he is part of the
transition team for Trump and that he
would he would help pick the leaders of
the FDA NIH and
CDC and I think uh that would put Tulsi
as part of the transition team we don't
know who else is on the transition team
and we also don't know is it a formal
transition team or is it just he talked
to some people and he's going to take
the recommendations so I don't know how
formal it is is but I doubt RFK Jr would
say it with such specificity unless it
was real so I believe it's
real um I I could not be happier about
that the the fact that we have this
enormous problem but we also have a a
solution sitting right there RFK Jr is
the only person that I know of in the
whole country that would have the
knowledge
of you know who should be in and who
should be out he would be uh politically
independent enough for my for my
purposes like I don't think he's going
to put a hardcore Democrat in there
because he he used to be a Democrat um
and here's the important
part this guy is so
brave that it's just hard it's hard to
even wrap your head around it um I mean
he's he's risking the ultimate destru
personal reputation family maybe um well
family of course turned on him already
and his extended family not his nuclear
family um oh and Don Jr was on the
transition team as well so everything
about this I just love I just love this
this is one of the
most uh optimistic uplifting things
because it's all doable and it does
solve solves a big problem of the
conflict of
interest there is a report that in
Tucson at a rally Trump just gave last
night uh about 20 people who were
sitting behind him had some kind of um
maybe chemical or or other
exposure
um that caused them to go to the
emergency room so blurry vision
swelling uh bad reactions so some people
are saying what was this a was this the
third attempt on Trump's life if it was
an attempt on Trump's
life uh none of them died so I don't
know what kind of poison it would be if
it's not
deadly
um so I don't know what to think about
this uh I was ask if it's a mass
hysteria a mass hysteria takes a
different
form so if you saw the pictures you
could see that the the uh Afflicted had
you know like puffed up faces so there
was no question that that a real thing
happened to them here's where a mass
hysteria could hide and it's not there
um with the alleged um secret Sonic
Russian weapon used at the embassies
that nobody will ever find and never
confirm that could be a mass hysteria
because when people say my brain is
different or I feel different and then
they do a brain scan they'll always find
something because brains are not exactly
alike and they'll be like oh yes here's
some scarring oh this one has some
problems in the same zone so that's sort
of a confirmation bias trap where if you
don't see it obviously on the outside
you don't see like a burn or something
on the outside of a body and you have to
report you have to rely on the person's
subject itive
reporting and then a brain scan which is
you know could show some some problems
that had already been there that they
didn't know about so that's where a mass
Hyster can hide it can hide in that
situation really well but it can't
really hide if people are going to the
emergency room with a external physical
problem that everybody can
see that's a chemical problem that's not
in their minds now here I'm assuming
that the reporting is accurate that
something like 20 people went to the
emergency room and the doctors could
very easily see that they were affected
it wasn't in their minds so that would
be not a mass
hysteria
anyway um if there is a triggered Mass
hysteria that comes from it it would
look like this it would be other people
who were not in that area that got
affected and they would they would be
like wow my my eyes are itchy today too
and then other people would say you know
when I woke up this morning my eyes were
itchy too I I wasn't in the blast zone
of you know the bad effects but maybe
some of that wafted over to where I was
now that would be Mass hysteria because
you couldn't really prove that their
eyes felt a little drier this
morning so if you don't if you if you
can't see it it might be in their minds
um anyway those are the big stories of
the
day oh even Dana Bash on CNN was
questioning uh KLA Harris's economic
plans noting that she doesn't have a
plan to lower prices but that when uh
Trump talks about lowering prices he
actually is specific I'm going to do
this with this in the energy area energy
is about 40% of all your prices
I'll take the price down which is
different from
inflation right inflation is the rate
that you continue to increase that's not
out of control at the moment but the
base price already went up you know 40
50% depending on the category so you got
to get that down as
well ladies and
gentlemen this concludes my prepared
remarks uh if you haven't seen it yet in
my ex
um profile pinned at the top is a video
I did in what I call the Dilbert
Museum the Dilbert Museum's a room in my
house with a bunch of Dilbert stuff in
it and uh I explained showing you the
items that were important to my journey
how dilver started so you can see the
original materials how it was done on
paper and how I figured a way into the
business so it's only 11 minutes not too
painful I've got about four more videos
from the
museum that I'll be releasing when if
you like it and it's a I also use them
as a reminder that the Dilbert 2025
calendar is all already available for
pre-sale so if you want to get some
gifts for Christmas the shipping is kind
of high for everything um so if you get
more than one the shipping will be um a
little more modest that way so go to
dilbert.com and you'll see the link for
purchasing and it's the only link that
you can purchase it from can't get it
from Amazon and you can't get it from a
bookstore and that's because in order to
Make It in America for the first time um
I have to get rid of the regular
publisher and the regular Distributors
so getting rid of their their percentage
allowed me to do it at a you know
reasonable e omic price to you and there
are twice as many Comics so there's
front and back and Dilbert reborn is on
the back it's a little edgier so that's
all I wanted to tell you I'm going to go
talk to the uh locals people now uh
privately thanks for joining everybody
on X and Rumble and YouTube we'll see
you
tomorrow local sporters here we
come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e