hey everybody come on in here today is a
special focused Periscope on the topic
of healthcare cost I'm going to give it
to you the way you've probably never had
it uh that sounds a lot naughtier than I
meant it to sound so once we reach
thousand people we will share a sip of
the tears of our enemies and we're going
to talk about where I see the future of
healthc care costs and I think it's good
news or it could be join me now and
drink the tears of our
enemies good
tears all right one of the big
challenges for even trying to understand
healthc care and trying to figure out
why everything is so expensive and where
it's all going to go is how you
categorize things and I've been trying
for literally years to figure out what
categories to look at to figure out
where the big expenses are and whenever
you see an article on this or somebody's
got some statistics about healthare
costs and breaking them down they use
slightly different categories so it's
just hard to make sense of where the
opportunities are and where the problems
are but I'm going to give you one
breakdown that I think is close to
getting in the neighborhood of useful
and then I'm going to tell you all of
the developments that are good news in
those categories so I've made the
following categories of costs so these
are the areas and it's just one way you
could break this down there are lots of
other ways you could break it down and
the problem is that all these areas
overlap with the others so there's
there's a a problem with getting them
logically
consistent but generally speaking you've
got people you've got buildings you've
got drugs you've got lab tests you've
got insurance um transportation Etc and
in every one of these cases there's
something good happening that might
lower those costs so let's take a look
at a few of those things let's look at
the cost of a doctor uh we've got these
direct pay options now where you can say
for $150 a month you can have all the
doctoring you need by the same Doctor
Who is a direct pay a doctor so there
are a number of them already they seem
to be popular and they work well and and
you know it's the free market doing his
thing so that that could be a huge
Improvement in the cost of just the
doctor's time there's also lots of tele
medicine happening both for the VA and
in other places I'm going to tell you
more about that because my app um will
also be uh hosting doctors uh I'll tell
you more about that later but the idea
is that lots of doctors are going online
um I use uh Kaiser and I could already
email my doctor and send pictures and
and all that stuff so that should make a
big difference um of course you've got
uh better uh online resources all the
time WebMD is actually pretty great and
that information is improving over time
and then you've got the world of a
wearables the little sensors that you
can wear that will will help you uh
track what's wrong with you catch Things
Early that sort of thing now if you look
at the world of drugs you've got
regulations that can probably be fixed
to improve the competitive landscape you
know increase the bu buying power and of
course Amazon is starting to work on
that area with uh uh JP Morgan Chase
and uh the third company but the so
you're going to see a lot uh on
meds but I'm wondering if someday we'll
be able to 3D print some of this stuff
probably not anytime soon but maybe
someday then there's the supplies Amazon
might have something to do with that you
could have the supplies printed on
demand you could have them delivered to
your home uh and you'll probably see a
lot more competition there you could
have for some stuff that is not icky
there might be some ways to to share it
Etc Transportation uh I thought I saw an
article where Lyft was going to be doing
some uh let's say low danger um Hospital
runs for people who aren't so bad that
they needed an ambulance but they don't
have a way to get to the hospital
themselves um and you might see more
value in the tele medicine because you
don't have to travel anywhere if you're
just doing it by phone there's a real
estate cost your doctor your hospital
they need real estate and that costs a
lot but again the tele medicine takes
that cost away and a lot of your lab
work you'll be able to you know put a
blood sample or a urine sample in the
mail and uh the real estate is
centralized someplace cheap so the lab
there's a number of startups that are
working in the lab test space so you
should expect that this will get a lot
easier you'll do it at home it'll be
simple it'll be cheaper then there's a
world of equipment stuff that tests
things and CAT scans and there's just a
ton of stuff Happening Here with
startups so you're going to see lower
scanning devices you're going to see um
uh very small desktop devices for
testing your blood uh we already have a
little device that you can put into your
phone that will give you an actual FDA
approved uh
EKG so that's amazing so there'll be
more sensors that work with your phone
more miniature equipment that you could
uh just call up your Uber driver and say
say can you drop off a piece of test
equipment I just bought at the drugstore
the other day a uh uh
thermometer that doesn't touch your body
have you seen those yet you hold it you
hold it about an inch from your head and
push the button and it can tell your
temperature from an inch away you just
have to be in the room for half an hour
so that your temperature in the room
temperature have normalized so you're
seeing huge advances in the shrinking of
both the cost and the size of that
equipment insurance is kind of the tough
one but here are a few things I would
say about
that one is that if you have tele
medicine that's available all the time
it's going to be much easier to get a
second opinion on anything so if you
make it if you make it dead simple to
get a second
opinion you should be able to make a a
type of insurance that covers that
situation in other words if you're a
doctor and you're you bought malpractice
insurance should you be held responsible
if your patient got another opinion CU
if there were two op two
opinions you know maybe maybe your
insurance should say that doesn't uh
that doesn't seem like your fault
because you got a second opinion or the
customer do so that might help it might
also help because big data is is getting
smarter and smarter so more people are
sharing their health
information and we'll we'll get smarter
and smarter about drug interactions
we'll know more and more about nutrition
and how that impacts everything that
you're doing so the more we learn big
datawise the lower the risk should be of
doing something accidentally wrong and
the the more easily you can get a second
opinion just by picking up your
smartphone and talking to a doctor in
you know literally a minute you should
be able to take off some risk you also
should be able to take off some Risk by
robot surgery maybe not in the short run
but eventually we might get to the point
where the robots are just so much better
even if they're assisted by humans that
you just don't have as many accidents
the other thing you could do is by
keeping people out of your building you
don't have as many people getting um you
know sharing germs one of the biggest
one of the biggest causes of death in
this country is is uh Hospital
mistakes I mean think about it that's
one of the leading causes of death is
Hospital mistakes so the fewer people
who physically go to a hospital because
they can do things
remotely the fewer opportunities there
are to share germs and get something
wrong the more second opinions you can
get at a reasonable price the more
likely you can catch a bad a bad
decision early the more you're doing big
data the more you've got sensors on your
body the more you can check things on
your own like your own heart the more
likely you're going to avoid a big
problem or at least have a a second
check against what your doctor is
telling you uh and then in nurses um I
think you're going to see something like
the gig economy where the nurses are
coming to your house it's more like an
Uber situation if you need a nurse
there's one there in 15 minutes and you
can watch them approach on your on your
phone uh I think you're going to see a
lot of medicine go to YouTube so that
when people need to do simple things
such as here's an example let's say you
got an inhaler for your asthma and you
needed to know the right way to use it
and how to wash it out and and all that
stuff all you have to do is have a a
good YouTube clip that's 30 seconds long
and the person can learn what a nurse
would have told them so there's a whole
lot of what a nurse does
that's
information and that can be moved to
video and moved to the internet and
there's a lot of stuff that nurses do
that's a a small device test like
testing your blood pressure testing your
temperature and those devices are
becoming you know commercial and
accessible you just do that
yourself um and then maybe Amazon will
be delivering small equipment and
supplies someday and the it could be
that the hardest thing you ever have to
to do is maybe dress a wound and if you
needs somebody to do that for you maybe
there's an app for that and you find a
neighbor who will do it for
$25
so that's sort of the the uh the broad
scope the idea is that if you can break
down these categories in some kind of
rational groupings then you can start to
see which startups and which Trends are
working against those groupings and then
you can figure out how do you accelerate
that what what is the best thing the
government could do what you could do as
an individual what investors could do
what's the best thing you could do to
Goose any of these effects that are
already positive what could be more
positive I I'll tell you one thing that
I think is going to
happen um here's my prediction I don't
know how long this will take but I'll
bet a lot of people will be doing some
version of
Airbnb for uh hospital
stays meaning that your hospital bed
will be an extra room in your neighbor's
house or you know it could be anywhere
but just an extra room in somebody's
house if it has its own bathroom and if
the if the nature of your problem is not
one that you need a clean
environment so let's say you don't need
um something like shots and you need
just the simplest monitoring and you
know recovery and somebody stops by
twice a day
and checks you out maybe there's a video
camera on you so that you're actually
being watched 100% of the time so
there's probably some way to take a
hospital bed stay which is super
expensive and compress it by 80
90% and somebody could still make a nice
profit having a clean room in their
house you know a hospital room now of
course it's only for very specific
situations right not not for every
situation
but
some um so you can see how many
opportunities there are for this to
improve in a in a substantial
way
uh Scott afraid that you do not have a
clue about
sickness now the people who say
that um I I want you to know that my
very next periscope is going to be troll
school um I'm going to be teaching troll
College because I noticed that a lot of
people are trolling me poorly and and
they need some help so I've put together
and by the way I'm not joking about this
I'm going to be
teaching uh troll College in my very
next
Periscope um so that's that's the
background on this that's all I wanted
to say on this top topic next time you
see me troll College