YouTube platforms got a question whether
the sound is working at all so I'm going
to wait to see if I get the first
comments can anybody hear me I'm having
there's a little question whether the
microphone is even
attached anybody on the other
platforms sound is good all right well
we've got sound on three of the four
platforms and the other one is just
complaining
people lot of complaining lot of
complaining today we won't have
it let's do a
show good morning and welcome to the
greatest thing that's ever happened it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a finer time in the
history of the entire world if you'd
like to take it up to levels which stop
it stop it
on the locals platform I've warned them
if they keep complaining about the sound
I'm just going to turn it off so there's
a pretty good chance I'm going to turn
off the locals feed halfway through uh
if I do that you can go over and watch
it on YouTube or rumble or the xplatform
so you got lots of options but if you're
complaining and don't tell me the sound
is good everything you say about the
sound gets you closer to me turning it
off
do you all understand that
now that and the problem is I'm not
trying to punish you or anything is that
I actually can't do the show if you're
taking me out of my creative mode and
putting me into my tech support mode so
you just have to stop doing it I can't
do the show can we get can I get that
from
you all right I know there'll be some
people coming in later who didn't hear
the warning so they'll be yelling what's
wrong what's wrong all right let's let's
do the simultaneous
up cuz if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels where you don't
even care about the bad audio all you
need is a cup or mugger a glass a tanker
cheler Stein a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dop of me h of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous
sip all right I'm going to turn off the
locals feed because you just can't seem
to stop if you if you want to watch it
go over to the uh YouTube and
or um rumble or X but thanks for joining
we'll try it again
tomorrow
boom all right locals is off they
couldn't stop complaining about the
sound but for the rest of you
cheers
ladies and
gentlemen that was
ugly now why is it the people can't stop
complaining I don't know what it is but
we got a show for you today that will be
marvelous all right first of all first
story of the day do you remember when uh
all the smart people told me that we're
going to run out of lithium so these
electric cars were a bad idea because we
run out of lithium
turns out that the price of lithium is
down
80% in the last 12 months because
there's so much
lithium apparently there's a lot of
lithium so uh who told you there was a
lot of lithium only one person I've ever
heard say that Elon Musk so Elon Musk
said don't worry lithium is abundant
there's plenty of lithium we're not
going to run on lithium turns out we've
got so much lithium
is suppressed the prices by 80% this
year some of it's because China has less
demand for some
reason uh at the same time Tesla stock
let me let me check it when I checked it
this morning it was
down which is interesting because if the
price of lithium is down you'd think
that'd be good for electric
cars but I saw that uh Tesla was down
over 9% this morning I think that's
because their uh sales were looking a
little weaker now I do not give
Financial
advice but um I'll tell you what I'm
doing just for full disclosure so I
owned some Tesla stock that I got during
the bottom of the uh pandemic it was a
good time to scoop some up
but um I'm probably going to load up a
little bit on Tesla stock after we're
done with this
because um we're entering the super
cycle of robots now unless somebody
talks me out of it my understanding is
that Tesla the car company will be
rolling out humanoid robots and musk has
said that the profitability from
humanoid robots could be you know way
more way more than the profitability
from selling electric
cars so aren't we entering the super
cycle of all super Cycles like the the
thing that only happens once in the
history of humankind which is the the
roll out of humanoid robots that's only
could to happen
once so I feel like if you don't have at
least a little bit of money in
robots you could be in big trouble
because robots might be the only
business of the future it might be all
this
left I don't think I can I I can't think
of any investment situations similar to
this uh and by the way don't take any
investment advice from me I don't give
investment advice I'm going to tell you
what I'm doing and why and then you can
you know look at your situation and do
your own research Etc but don't take my
financial advice so the reason I'm going
to double up on um Tesla talk probably I
mean I'll do a little more research
before I do is that I don't want to be
left out of the super cycle it it could
be pretty intense you know once the
robots are are rolling out anyway
speaking of uh Elon Musk who's always in
the news Ben Shapiro talked to him in an
interview and if you haven't heard this
estimate it's kind of wild that uh
SpaceX is doing so well that um in five
years we might have a moon
base and in 10 years we might have a
civilization on Mars you know moving
actually numbers of people to Mars to
actually just live there and
uh mus thinks that maybe in 45 years
Mars could be self-sufficient meaning
that if it never got another Supply ship
from Earth could still do
okay now what is interesting about this
feed is that I can't tell if it's
actually
live I have no idea if I'm talking to
real human beings right now am
I because the comments every every now
and then will just stop like they have
right
now does that mean no body's watching I
actually can't tell if I'm live it looks
like it's live but there's no
comments um give me give me just a
second I want to check on X to see if
it's live because I might be down
everywhere and unfortunately you can't
tell me I wish you
could all right let's see just look at
my feed and see if it's
live now there I am I'll be damn
let's see if has
sound give me just a second I want to
yep has sound too good for us all right
um so yeah Moon Bas in 5 years Mars in
10 and civilization
self-sufficient uh in
45 those estimates sound about right to
me based on what's going
on uh you probably have heard of Taylor
Loren a writer who used to work for the
Atlantic and then she went to the
Washington Post what does that tell you
about a writer if any writer if they
used to work for the Atlantic and then
they work went to work for the
Washington
Post does that give you any uh clues of
what's going
on well those are two Publications which
people imagine are the most corrupt in
all of the news is business uh in
corrupt in terms of being just Democrat
organs and not not anything like news
but uh she did a video today that's
getting a lot of mocking I thought I'd
join in and she's reading about all the
uh media layoffs so a lot of journalists
are getting laid off across all kinds of
Industries and it's all for the same
reason those those entities are not
doing well
and I'm starting to think I know this is
just a suspicion but I'm starting to
think that maybe the brainwashing of the
American public with obvious
day after day ignoring the
obvious possibly is not the best
business
model that's what I'm starting to think
and I think it's fascinating that the
people most surprised by these layoffs
are the investigative
journalists who should have been the
first ones keyed into the fact that that
the entire news industry had been
destroyed by Trump
they didn't notice that he destroyed
their entire fake news industry simply
by making us pay attention to how fake
it was and then people got on board and
when it was so obvious that the
architecture of the news business is
completely just
 um and people started catching
on so Taylor Loren I guess those
journalists should have caught the
biggest story in the world which is all
of our news and all of our Sciences
fake sometimes is not intentionally but
it works out that way speaking of evil
and fakes the
uh I guess there's some documentation
that says the
ADL um there's some emails discovered
according to the libs of Tik Tock that
says that the ADL urged a
counterterrorism unit in Washington to
investigate the libs of Tik Tock person
who runs that account and also Matt
Walsh
under the theory that they were uh for
being
anti-lgbtq and that they should
be investigated by a counterterrorism
unit
terrorism for having an opinion about
those
topics that was the
ADL now the ADL I believe has done some
good work in its history you know
protecting Jewish people especially but
for some reason it just became this
completely corrupt
Democrat um you know Hitman organization
where they just basically try to on
anybody who's not a Democrat and they
actually came after me and uh the the
head of the ADL in public on X accused
me of being a holocaust
denier I've never even met a holocaust
denier who who deny the
Holocaust
now yeah that it's the most corrupt
ridiculous organization and if anybody
takes them seriously uh it's probably
the same people who take seriously the
journalist at you know The Daily Beast
or
something if you believe the Washington
Post you probably also believe the
ADL all right uh let me see if I can get
the right answer from you um on this
question what percentage of the US
voters think Biden omics will help Biden
win this year's presidential election
yeah that's right
26% as you know roughly a quarter of all
people pulled will get every question
wrong no matter how easy the question is
no biomics is not going to help Joe
Biden but 26% say yeah probably
will are you aware that Generation Z
doesn't how how to
communicate it's true they don't know
how to
communicate um so those are the people
between age 18 and 24 if you haven't
noticed this apparently every boss and
person who works in business world has
noticed that the Generation Z people
just don't know how to make conversation
so they're they're
socially you know repressed I won't use
the other r word
and I feel like there's a solution to it
the solution is the Dale Carnegie course
I actually have been uh teaching my own
jenzy person in my family my
stepdaughter who's in that
category how in the world am I failing
to turn off the ringer of my phone no
matter how many times I
try that's
weird
um so I I've been uh teaching her the
Dale Carnegie stack now the Dell
Carnegie technique for making
conversation is like a superpower
and it's really easy you know you can
learn it in I'll teach you the whole
thing in 60 seconds in case you haven't
heard it if you want to make
conversation with somebody and you don't
know how ask them questions but don't
ask you know random weird questions like
what's your favorite TV show at Le not
at first you ask some stuff like you
know what's your name where do you work
what do you do you know where do you
live do you have a family you're married
do you have kids where do they go to the
school you know the to go to school is
maybe if you also have kids so you might
find something in common but if you
simply show interest in people and ask
questions that's the answer for the Gen
gen Z
people that's it that's all in 60
seconds the whole technique it'll change
your life if you know any
genz just give them that lesson start
the conversation with a question
continue to show interest shake hands
and make eye contact when the person's
talking
and try to sort of agree with them or or
boost what they're saying so they feel
good talking it's like oh yeah oh yeah
that happened to me oh I know what you
mean you you just let them talk and show
them some attention and appreciation and
pretty soon they'll let you talk you
you'll find your way to jump in but not
until there's something you're
interested in you don't have to make
random conversation wait for them to say
something that you'd like to join in on
so that's the whole technique I learned
that in the Dale Carnegie course and and
it would really make a difference in
your career if you're in that age group
because you would stand out people would
notice they say whoa there's a genen z
person who can make conversation put
them in sales put them in management so
if you can add to your talent stack add
making conversation 60-second lesson
really that's the whole thing well we
have a solution to the pipe bomb mystery
remember the pipe bomb mystery who left
those fake pipe bombs uh around January
6 in
2020 Thomas Massie um reports onx that
three years ago into the January 6 pipe
bomb investigation with zero arrests a
dozen unacknowledged facts and several
impossible
coincidences when the FBA when the FBI
says quote it's our policy not to
comment on ongoing investigations what I
hear is quote it's our policy not to
comment on ongoing
coverups all right so what's the rule
with the government I'll remind you if
this were an
individual they would be presumed
innocent until proven guilty that's the
only standard that works that mean that
we want to work and that's a good
standard but it doesn't apply to the
government the government is opposite
and the reason the government is
opposite is that the government has
power and individuals do not that's why
individuals have to be protected by the
presumption of innocence even when
they're not
Innocent but the government because it
has power over us all has to be assumed
guilty unless through
transparency it can show you clearly
that it's not guilty of whatever so
here's a case where the government is uh
applying massive levels of cover up so
why should you
assume why would they cover up something
that's not a
problem it's kind of obvious if you
think there's any mystery to the January
6 stuff well maybe in the details but
you can conclude that it was an OP of
some type and that the government is
covering it up I I would say that that's
a conclusion that you can very
comfortably make now suppose you're
wrong you still should make the
Assumption you should act as though you
do know exactly the way people would act
as though you're innocent until proven
guilty even if they might think you're
guilty right so when the government is
non-transparent you don't have to wonder
what
happened that's the wrong play no you
say oh now we have confirmation that
it's exactly what we thought we don't
know the names and the people it' be
good to know that but yeah it was a
government op and the government's
covering it up confirmed confirmed by
lack of transparency you don't need to
know anything else I I wouldn't even ask
any further questions I just conclude
that the government is corrupt here's
one other way to approve
it it's funny that Carrie lake is making
uh further news today not because
someone offered her a bribe which
happened it was caught on audio but a
republican operative in Arizona uh said
there somebody quote from the East Coast
we don't know uh had offer to basically
bribe Carrie not to run for the Senate
when she was running and she turned him
down flat and said it's not about the
money wouldn't even talk about her price
which gives me confidence in her and but
then somebody noted today that the
reason it's still news is not because is
not because she was offered a
bribe it's newsworthy because she turned
it
down that's actually true the thing
that's impressive is that you didn't
take it that's what makes it news so
that's the country you liveing that if
somebody doesn't take a bribe
everybody's talking about it's like
what's going on here somebody didn't
take a bribe all
right we can also conclude that nobody
has any blackmail material on Cary Lake
because you don't need to bribe people
that you can blackmail am I
right obviously the people who don't
want her to run don't have any blackmail
because they would have used that
instead so she's pretty clean um I like
that I I think her her political uh
Capital just went up I don't know 50%
it's a pretty big
deal all right uh there's a clip of
Biden in 2007 talking about Sanctuary
cities and he said that no on Sanctuary
cities is the idea because uh s cities
quote turn into dumps and uh the only
reason they exist is because the federal
government doesn't enforce the
law that was
2007 yep Sanctuary cities turn into
dumps 2020 Biden says uh illegals make
City
safer that's so dumb you don't even have
to talk about the point of it all you
know nothing to say about that and
I have this idea that um Republicans
could win maybe every election for the
rest of time if the only thing they did
is run the Democrats own words as their
um campaign so in other words Trump
could win easily simply by paying
playing clips of
Biden uh you know mumbling and talking
over himself and contradicting himself
and lying and and nothing else
because he's he's so gone and so
corrupt that anything looks good
compared to him including Biden
including Trump even if he hated him
speaking of which uh Trump has made a
strong move I think this is a smart
political move and very trump-like uh he
announced that anyone contributing to
Nikki Haley from this point on would be
permanently banned from the magga
camp now that's exactly the right move
right it's very transparent he's not
hiding anything and up until this point
he wasn't messing with anybody's donors
because it was an Open Primary and that
was right that was the right thing to do
uh but at this point he's saying okay
you know it really I mean it's kind of
obvious that Nikki Hy is the Democrats
play not the Republican play if if Nicki
hilly were
genuinely you know Grassroots supported
by uh um you know supported by lots of
Republicans that I've ever met or talked
to and I still never never met one I'm
waiting for my first Nikki Haley
supporter who is a
republican haven't met one Democrats
seem to want a booster for their own
reasons though
strategically so I think it's actually a
good uh a good play by Trump to put the
strong arm on anybody who's funding her
from the Republican side I heard that
Reed man who's going to pull his funding
from Haley but I don't know if that's
confirmed so yeah I think that's the
right play good play well charl leine
the god we'll just call him Char leine
uh he's a real interesting character I
like charl leag um as a public figure
because my take on him is that he's one
of the few people who's not lying to us
you know he's a public figure and he's
you know obviously leans Democrat well
it's not obvious but I just told you he
leans
Democrat um but he also seems to be a
person who has good intentions and wants
to know what's
true but like most Democrats he's caught
in a bubble of complete so
knowing what's true is kind of kind of
hard but he's working it out there's a
clip of him calling Trump a fascist
talking to Joy Reed in an old msnb clip
MS
MSNBC now if you're a Democrat and
you're listening to
MSNBC you are literally and this is my
opinion that is literally true not
hyperbole you're literally getting your
news from people who have mental illness
about the
news I mean I don't think Joy Reed is
necessarily mentally ill in some general
way but about the news clearly there's
mental illness going on there's some
kind of Hysteria going on on with you
know some of the individuals like racial
madow they just look crazy and it's not
because they're
women I'm not saying all the women on
msbc look crazy and certain land CN CNN
the women don't look crazy but there are
two of them that look crazy I mean they
look actually like they're battling some
serious mental
problems um but that's what charine was
listening to a few years ago but now
what he's listen listening to is his own
uh radio show
callers uh workingclass people as he
says saying this immigration migration
crisis is too far it's got to be stopped
so even Charlemagne is
thinking I'm hearing bad things about
this Trump guy but he probably would
close the border and it's kind of hard
to understand why it's not already
closed
so um and then there's there's news that
the black vote in Georgia is moving
starting to move in a big way toward
Trump I don't know if any of those polls
are are are yet
useful um but there does seem to be uh
um I I think the migrant crisis will
move the black vote a little bit more
Republican than it's ever been that that
feels like a safe safe prediction I
don't think it'll be this massive switch
from democ r republican but Trump only
needs you know 10 20% shift in the black
vote and he wins everything it looks
like that's actually going to
happen all right of course we're going
to talk about Texas of
course um here's my
take when things are going well we use a
thing called politics and free speech
and all that stuff to get things done so
if you're not in Mortal Danger
then you can have some political
discussions and I can talk about my
policies and you can talk about your
policies as long as you're an American
citizen and even if you're not you could
be a Jordan Peterson or you know Russell
Brand or something and we'll still
listen to you because it's a good
process as long as you're not in a lot
of trouble the talking it out and
politics works really well but when it
comes to our border uh at the moment it
has moved to a new phase that I will
call
biological we've moved down to politics
because we're now in a critical literal
life well life and death is too strong
but people will die so there is some
life and death element to it but
migration is a crisis it does risk
destroying the entire country and that's
not hyperbole it does risk destroying
the entire country if it went on we're
not there at the
moment so under those conditions when uh
Politics as in talking it out uh doesn't
work and you realize it just talking
about it is going to get you all killed
then it moves to what I call the bi
biological level biology takes over and
I'm going to be as blunt as possible
because I'm the only person who's
cancelled enough to say this in direct
terms it's time for the women to shut up
and get out of the
conversation right with all due respect
you know now I say the same about
abortion people get mad at me when I say
this the reason I don't have an opinion
on abortion is that I stay the out
of that that that's biological not
political in my opinion and when it's
biological you got to let the biological
people who are made for this event have
the larger say now I don't mind if you
weigh in because it's a free country so
if you're a man and you've got an
opinion on an abortion because you you
think it's life and death that's fine I
just don't personally
so personally I'd rather women
collectively make the decision about
what's legal and what's not and what to
do in their own their own situation now
that doesn't mean that they will make
the decisions I think are right that's
not the point the point is that
responsibility and biology are so
tightly linked that it's always a good
idea to let the people with the most
responsibility I.E having a baby uh have
more vote they just have a bigger say
and I think in a practical sense that it
does go that way I think women are
getting more of what they want on
abortion than men and that's probably
good now when it comes to protecting the
country from large
male uh military age men some some of
whom are clearly terrorists coming
across our border that's not really
women's
work now I don't think there'll be any
push back on this actually it's just one
of those things people would be afraid
to say if you look at the videos of the
National Guard lining up I'm sure
there's some women there but they're the
exception so remember everything I say
is a generality plenty of specific
exceptions we accept that but this is
now just biological the country is in
danger the government didn't work and
politics didn't work so what Abbott is
doing Governor Abbott of Texas is just
going biological he he's a man he
rounded up a bunch of mostly men who are
in uniform and under his command and
he's putting them on the border and he's
going to stop the biological risk that's
pouring across the border now what's the
federal government going to do well it
turns out that abet has a lot of game so
he he uh put out a message that says
that the constitution allows the states
and he showed the part of the
Constitution that does in fact the
states are allowed to protect themselves
under the under the specific
situation that the federal government
won't do
it that's the exact situation now you
know don't listen to me for any
constitutional uh conversation uh but
the basic idea is the states do have the
right to protect themselves militarily
if it's the only recourse they have on
top of that it gets really interesting
apparently they also specifically in the
Constitution very directly it says they
can uh team up with other states for
their Mutual protection and sure enough
a bunch of other Southern and and uh I
think are they all Southern but mostly
Southern but Republican states have
joined in uh on the side at least with
resources so let's see who's joined in
so
far we got Florida of course Arkansas
Iowa Idaho Nebraska North Dakota Ohio
Oklahoma South Carolina South OTA
Tennessee Virginia West Virginia and
Wyoming so they're mostly personnel and
resources I don't think um I don't know
that any gun carrying people from the
other states are coming in but I
wouldn't rule it
out so this is now a male issue it's
biological it's a existential risk and
if the Constitution didn't allow it we'd
have to do it anyway we'd have to do it
anyway it's great that it does allow it
I mean it should and it does so they do
have the best argument now what's going
to happen you're going to ask me is it
going to come to
violence really
unlikely I mean anything could happen
you you could imagine
somebody firing and somebody firing back
but not really not really and the reason
that there won't be a um in all
likelihood there won't be physical
violence of any scale I'll just say of
scale there could be some could be some
shoving I don't know could be some
little stuff but it won't be a scale it
won't be a civil war do you know
why because on one side you've got a
bunch of men what's on the other side if
the Federal Government tried to use some
military force what would it be on the
other side
men they're on the same
side the they're on the same side it
doesn't matter what their generals tell
them that these are men who will protect
your border there's no way that they're
going to start killing each other to
benefit the people coming across the
border that's not going to
happen yeah and you know you know what
the risk of that happening would
be if women still had some control over
the situation but that's that's no
longer the case you know if women were
involved there might be a disag agement
maybe it would boil up to something
violent but if it's a whole bunch of men
standing next to a whole bunch of other
men who are Americans and we're on the
border and the question is should we let
all these other biological risks come
across the border in this case risk
would be partly criminal the terrorists
but partly economic Etc um they're going
to be on the same side they're not going
to be shooting each
other if if if anything they'll secede
from the union just long enough to help
Texas so let me say this as clearly as I
can because the more support Texas has
the less likely there'll be any kind of
Bloodshed I'm on Texas's
side uh I
disavow the federal government and their
and the way they're running the country
I do not have American patriotism at the
moment that Biden unfortunately has
unraveled that for me now of course I'm
pro-american people you know the people
yes but the American federal government
has lost all of my support all of my
support and if it comes to violence I
back Texas it won't very unlikely but if
it comes to violence I want I want to be
as clear as possible if I have to kill
somebody I'm going to be on the Texas
side if it happens because they're the
ones protecting the Border I don't know
what's happening with the federal
government but I don't support it I just
don't support the the federal government
under Biden whatever is happening is not
coming from inside the
house do do you feel that whatever it is
that's driving the Biden Administration
to keep those borders open is not coming
from within America I mean it's also
coming within America but the the larger
force is something else I just don't
know what it is it also doesn't matter
at this point does it matter
well maybe in the legal sense but we're
going to close the border now so I
believe the decision's been made that
the Border will be closed men have made
the decision plus you know Sarah Sanders
hucke yeah you good credit to her for
being in the mix there uh and there are
probably some other female Governors so
somebody somebody give me a fact check
on that because if there's some female
Governors that are joining into Texas I
want to give them a shout out as well
um but uh it's going to get real
interesting now and I don't know that
this uh gets unraveled I believe that
this
play becomes the future in other words I
don't think the federal government is
going to do something clever that works
you know like nationalizing the the the
Texas soldiers
whatever they might try I just think it
won't work so I think that the States
forming
literally the potential of an armed
Civil War is enough to make the federal
government back down especially in an
election year do do you think do you
think that uh Biden wants to be the
person who plunged America into a civil
war because that's what it's going to
look like if one bullet gets fired if
one bullet gets
fired he doesn't have a chance not not a
single chance of getting left elected I
mean I'm not sure he has much of a
chance
now let's talk about the VP Choice um
I'm going to
commit I was very hesitant about the
idea of aake as a vice president choice
for Trump because I like V and I didn't
want to see him get ruined in a in a
vice president role that wasn't valued
and you know maybe he just gets a fight
and his reputation gets ruined because
his just being part of the Trump
Administration and then as a young man
who has great potential we would lose
out as a country to whatever he could
contribute because he just get slimed by
being part of it I still have that
concern I do think he might be the only
person who has enough talent to avoid
that
trap it would be hard but if anybody
could do it he's the one person I've
ever seen who could do that now here's
the thing you need to know about a
potential uh oh and if I didn't say it
directly I'm all in on v as vice
president now Trump will make his own
decisions but I know that he does a good
job of surveying um opinion of you know
the opinion people so somebody on his
staff probably is watching the shower
will hear that I'm all down with v as a
vice presidential choice so I think it's
useful if anybody else has the same
opinion and you feel that you're one of
the influencers
it's time you know if you think he V is
the choice let's just say it because I
think it does make a difference now
here's what I think makes V the obvious
choice um and here's the easiest way to
say it Trump and VI solve for each
other they solve for each other in a way
I've never seen before it's kind of
remarkable when you think about it what
is what is the um solution for Trump's
age V V's the solution for Trump's age
what what is the solution for um Trump
maybe not understanding some of the
technical issues like you know digital
currency and you know what do you do
with AI because a lot of our decisions
are going to be super technical going
forward who solves for that who vake he
solves for that right um who solves for
the fact that Trump is going to be
labeled a big old dictator
fascist well Trump does doesn't do a
good job solving for himself because he
likes to stay in the tough guy mode and
as long as you stay in the tough guy
mode you can be painted as a fascist
it's just kind of
easy so if a Vue sols for that because
he will simply give you the the better
argument for everything what about the
fact that uh Democrats think uh
Republicans are a bunch of dummies who
don't follow
science the V SS for that he's not a
dummy and he definitely follows science
right nobody would really it would be
weird to say that about him I'm sure
somebody will but
so now what about the other way does
Trump solve for Vi well what's v got
working against him number one he Brown
and Hindu and even in my feed people
saying he'll never get he'll never be
successful in American politics as
president or vice president cuz he's
brown and he's Hindu and the you know
the conservatives are never going to go
for that yes they will yes they will all
he has to do is be Trump's Choice Trump
can make you okay with brown and Hindu
in fact you'll love it by the time of
four years later you'll think it's your
favorite thing in the world you you'll
want all your Presidents to be brown and
Hindu by the time he's done with you
all he has to do is do a good job and
I'm sure he will so yes Trump solves for
vake any concerns you had what about um
I'm seeing a bunch of people saying I
don't trust F he just sort of came out
of nowhere and you know suddenly you
know so there must be something sketchy
about him Trump sols for that because
Trump and Trump's people will certainly
vet the living piss out of him you know
if he's got any like weird dark money
that's following him we haven't seen any
where where's all his weird dark money
where's his I haven't seen any and you
know that the Trump people are going to
look for it hard and if they don't find
any which I think they
won't that's good for
vake so it's a really weird situation
and then of course the biggest question
would be their
personalities can two personalities who
are both Tigers share TIG tiger Meats
can two tigers share tiger beat you know
the attention the power the
influence
and that's a question however I'm going
to go back to my early response about
vake there's only one person who could
pull it
off yeah there's only one person who
could pull off sometimes disagreeing
with
Trump and getting away with
it because when V disagrees with you
You' seen him do it a million times on
video he'll give you an argument that is
so
disarming that it doesn't feel like an
ego contest it just feels like oh okay
well that's a different way to look at
it he's a
refram as much as a fighter he's a
fighter too but when it counts he's a
refram and reframing always works I
wrote a book about it you may have heard
of
it
and so so uh I think they're a perfect
match if a can survive and if Trump
decides to pick him so I'm on record I'm
with Texas and I'm with
vake and it's time to go serious about
fixing stuff by the way 2024 is going to
be lit 2024 is great so far even the
things that are bad look like the
beginning of a correction you know if
you say oh my God 2024 looks like a
civil war no
it looks like a problem is just about
ready to be corrected not in California
but yeah so you know you have to be
careful of what looks like bad news the
the Texas stuff is all good news it's
all good news unless it comes to some
violence and I think that's very
unlikely it would it would just become a
court thing if it became anything all
right
um all right uh Dean Phillips continues
to be interesting so he's running
against Biden and uh watching him
complain about Biden's you know
declining abilities is
interesting and Dean Phillips said this
on X he goes how can one quote to
support democracy while supporting the
most unpopular and unelectable Democrat
in the modern
era is that a good question how can you
say you're in favor of democracy while
you're supporting Joe Biden who was the
least favorite person of all time in in
that
job uh as Philip says uh Biden is four
points below the man he barely beat in
2020 uh he says it's hard to believe but
very true it's not hard for me to
believe um and then he says now keep in
mind this is a Democrat running for
president who's who's saying this words
about Democrats look at the choice of
words the delusion is dangerous it's not
rocket science folks we need a different
nominee the
delusion he's actually telling his own
team that they're suffering from
delusion is he right completely yeah
yeah and where does the delusion come
from the media yeah so this is you know
where does where does any belief about
politics come from we like to think we
cooked up our own opinions we didn't
they come from the media so the media
has literally brainwashed Democrats into
me idiots in effect and Dean Phillips is
calling them out you're you're operating
under a delusion and if you can't see
that Biden's the wrong
candidate you're clearly just not using
your rational brains is he right yes yes
that's totally
right if you're voting for Biden and you
have an alternative and he's an
alternative I mean he walks and he talks
and he makes sense so
far um yes you're just delusional there
is no way that Biden can win unless
there's a lot of cheating that goes
on and more to Dean Phillips's credit uh
he talks about he saw a magga crowd
waiting for a rally it was across the
street from where he had an event in I
guess it
was Iowa or New
Hampshire New Hampshire I guess and he
said he spent some time talking to the
magga people and do you know what he
found
out well everybody who's a mega person
knows so here's a guy who's a major
Democrat and he sees a bunch of you
rabid crazy Mega people waiting for the
big Mega Trump fascist Hitler rally and
what he when he talked to them you know
what he found out oh These are nice
people now that's something that 100% of
Mega people
now yeah if you talk to them one-on-one
these are just nice reasonable working
class often sometimes retired just
people they're nice people and Dean
Phillips actually acted a little
surprised by that why because he watches
Democrat news and the Democrats probably
told him that they're all basically you
know evil demons working for you know
bezel Bob or something and they talks
was like wait a minute my news sources
are not lining up with people who just
want a good economy and a safe country
not making
sense all right um looks like as Glenn
Greenwald points out that Congress is
pulling out all the stops to fund
Ukraine so they're doing all this
desperate urgent maneuvering to get it
funded they're holding border security
as a hostage and as uh Greenwald points
out what was the last time you saw
Congress fighting this hard for
America now I get that their argument is
if Ukraine Falls it's bad for America
bad for Europe I get it but it's kind of
a you know one or two steps away from
being something that affects us why
don't you see Congress working like on
let's say the Border problem for example
why aren't they putting this kind of
creativity and massive effort into
solving our direct immediate existential
problem because they're largely
worthless and I assume they're corrupt
the the only explanation
for our policy in Ukraine I think is
corruption now the other arguments have
some weight I do think there's something
to you know if Putin got away with
whatever he wanted he might try more
things there's something to that that's
not enough
nothing
but
um there there's something else going on
it does look like I believe the people
who say that Ukraine has been the bad
people's piggy bank forever so I believe
the business model looks like this there
are Democrats who uh get us into Wars we
don't need to get into with good
arguments that sound good enough to get
into the war and then the public has to
Pony up a zillion dollars for various
military things that are poorly
accounted for and that people who are in
that world can make gigantic amounts of
money in a very short time because the
accounting is poor for where the money
goes so I think our Wars are all
optional Wars lately they seem to be
optional Wars uh from profiteers who are
driving driving the model that's what it
looks like all right there's a
interesting uh study by a fellow named
Roy Spencer you need to know that
he's U he's a visiting fellow at the
Heritage
Foundation so he would he would be
leaning right which is important to the
story about climate change but here's
what he came up with uh so he's he's a
qualified science scientist right he's
not just a guy writing an article so
he's he's in the
field and he says that climate models
that guide energy policy do not even
conserve energy a necessary condition
for any physically based model of the
climate system now I don't know exactly
what that means but I think he means
that if you run the model and it doesn't
assume that the I don't know environment
stored any energy somewhere then it must
be flawed I don't know exactly what that
means but what he did was he looked at
all the existing climate models and he
determined that they're nowhere near the
actual temperature and and that the
climate models are way above the actual
observed temperature and they have been
for
years and what he says is a quote uh
well he showed that the observed rate of
global warming over the past 50 years
has been weaker than the predicted by
almost all computerized climate
models um so he says there's a specific
logical reason why the all the models
are bad and the now those who be who
believe that the climate models are good
here's the track that fooled you it's
called hind casting with lots of
different models now if this is the
first time you've heard this it's going
to make you really
mad some of you have heard it before
from me so let's say you've got a
hundred different climate models and
they all use different variables and
techniques some of them are wildly off
some of them by just chance are going to
be close so what you do is you come up
up with a new model today and then you
test it against uh the history so you
say if this model had existed 50 years
ago would it have accurately you know
tracked the actual temperatures we're
measuring now if it does you say I got a
good model because it would have worked
for 50 years in a row therefore there's
a good chance it'll keep working that's
logical right does that make sense to
you if you had a model that you created
today and you could know for sure from
our past data that if we had created it
50 years ago it would have accurately
predicted our temperatures so that's a
good model now most of you are going to
say well that does make sense if it
worked for 50 years in a row that's
really a well tested model isn't it
nope don't fall for that one that that's
like one of the most classic um I guess
tricks
right here here's why that doesn't make
sense if you have a 100 models and they
all predict different things some of
them are going to be by coincidence
close to the actual and you will talk
yourself into thinking that the reason
that one model is close to the actual is
because it's a valid model nope if you
took a bunch of pennies and threw them
on a checker board there would be a
penny that landed on you know most of
the squares
and it doesn't mean anything it doesn't
mean doesn't mean pennies know where a
square
is it doesn't mean let's let's say some
of them landed more on red than black
squares it wouldn't mean that pennies
prefer red squares it's just a pure
statistical fact if you've got a 100
past
models some of them are going to be
close it doesn't mean they're predictive
so that's the part that throws you you
say well if it predicted for 50 years
clearly it will predict for the next you
know one or two nope no it's just some
were going to be on Target and some
weren't but if you check back in another
50 years it's almost impossible to
imagine that the one that had worked for
the first 50 years is the same one
that's working 50 years later because it
never worked in the first place it was
only coincidentally On Target just a
coincidence right so Roy Spencer makes I
think that point and uh debunks the
climate models so everything you knew
about the climate and the economy and
everything else was fake and I believe
that 2024 is going to be
incredible not just for what it's going
to do to our brains you know was going
to scramble our brains pretty
good but everything seems to be trending
toward a solution even though it might
be at its worst point at the moment like
immigration but immigration is clearly
trending toward a biological solution
you know meaning men will just say it's
over and they'll ignore their government
if they need to to get it
done um I think the economy is going to
improve I do worry about debt I just
don't understand how we can survive the
debt and still have low inflation so
there's something about economics that
nobody understands because nobody can
explain that I don't think I've never
seen anybody even try it's like
completely in inexplicable
all right
um so I think we have a huge corrective
Force coming I think that corrective
force is largely male I think that free
speech is breaking out everywhere I
think that the xplatform and Elon Musk
saved
America saved America I don't think
that's exaggeration I think that we're
heading actually into the crapper at 100
miles an hour because we didn't have
free speech which is the minimum for
fixing anything in a country it's just
the minimum so if you don't have free
speech you got nothing and now the
xplatform will be able to tell our
government whose side the people are on
at least the people are paying attention
on X I think you're going to find that
the support for Texas is through the
roof where else are you going to see
that do you think CNN's going to tell
you that you know we checked and the
country really really does back taxes on
this I'll bet they won't I'll bet they
won't report that there might be a poll
here or there but I'll bet they won't
spend much time on it um but X will X
platform will be telling you what the
people think and I'm telling you right
now and I'm telling you if and I want to
say this clearly as possible if it came
to Bloodshed I side with Texas it won't
the the odds of Bloodshed are really
small you know unless there might be a
weirdo or a crazy person or something
but we're not going to have armed
military conflict between Texas and the
rest of the country or the
government um all right so ladies and
gentlemen I'm very positive about the
coming uh year uh I think China is on
the decline I think uh Gaza will be yeah
it's going to go the direction it had to
go you know the the tough choices or
what's being happening now but the tough
choices had to be made they just had to
be made so uh everything looks
bad but is trending in the right
direction you know Israel is going to be
in a better situation after they're done
than they were
before guaranteed I mean they'll be in a
better better shape all right that's all
I got for now
and uh optimism is going to be my key
word for the day and good luck with
Texas I'm backing you 100% And V backing
you 100% and those are my messages for
the day thanks for listening um your
comments were looks like they locked up
a little bit but um I will be back
tomorrow and I'll talk to you
then