lower of the blast shields it's getting
dangerous out there
blast shields lowering full perimeter
security enabled robot sensors on laser
cannons armed
I hope the rest of you were staying safe
it's dangerous out there dangerous
dangerous out there I say do you know
why it's so dangerous out there because
the weather's nice and we've been cooped
up and people just need to get out just
need to get out and get some exercise so
we've got protest theater breaking down
everywhere but let's talk about the good
news first
what are you the good news I think you
saw it was that the coolest rocket
launch ever I swear I've never needed a
rocket launch as much as much as I
needed that rocket launch that was the
rocket launch of all rocket launches if
he watched it live I'm not sure if it
has the same impact if he watch it
I'm delayed but knowing there's so many
people were watching it with sort of
that the hopes the hopes of the nation I
would say if not the world mostly the
nation but it was sort of like the hopes
of the nation were you know focused on
at that moment and didn't you feel like
didn't you feel like we just needed to
do something right we meeting people in
the United States you know you and I
didn't have anything to do with it you
and I don't give any credit at all but
don't you like that some you know large
entities in this case SpaceX and NASA
and our government don't you like that
these large entities which are American
entities did something that was so right
just so right it was beyond technology
it actually achieved I think art now I
would say that about a lot of Apple
products you know you could say the
Apple products were you know technology
and there were tools but there were also
art Steve Jobs made it so and I think
Elon Musk
it is certainly operating at that same
level where I don't think he's happy
with technology I don't think he's happy
making a product it feels like he's
making art and here's the fun thing you
know obviously the United States has to
get pretty serious about space both
government Wisin & private wise private
company wise because there's so much
national defense
you know purposes up there but also
apparently there's just enormous wealth
to be mined by whoever can get up there
economically and if he log mosque is the
first one to be able to mine space or
actually colonize space or become the
primary the primary transportation in
space do you know how rich he is going
to be let me let me put it in these
terms it is not impossible that someday
Elon Musk will wait for it own a planet
because what are the rules about who
owns a planet if you had a private
company that was the first one to get to
a planet do you get to keep it does
anybody know what the what the rules are
for that if Elan musk let's say Elon
Musk is 90 years old and going strong
because he's he's using the blood of
young children or something so he's
staying young but he's 90 years old and
by now he's you know he's probably a
trillionaire just by the normal
compounding of money and his investments
but by the age of 90 he's created such
an efficient private enterprise in space
that he could actually send a rocket out
with enough technology on it
to colonize a planet even without people
on it so perhaps we could operate things
from a distance we could send some
robots bye-bye Rocket the robots could
build some kind of a structure and they
can do some geo shaping and and turn
turn the planet into a proper little
planet the humans can someday operate
the I think honest to god I think Elon
Musk is going to be the first human to
own his own planet
he might not ever be physically on that
planet there's a distance but I think
he's gonna own a planet someday yeah I
don't think you can own the moon I don't
know I don't know what the law is on
that but I don't think you could own it
anyway so that that was inspiring the
funniest thing that happened at the
riots today and there are quite a few
quite a few candidates for the funniest
thing that happened is did you see did
you see Alex Jones the funniest like
Alex Jones somehow got an armored
vehicle with loud speaker on it and it
looked like it was I don't know a Hummer
that had been outfitted with you know
some kind of armor so Alex chose drives
like into the middle of the middle of
the protest not sure which city it was
definitely matters because all the
cities the protests are looking pretty
similar but he strives into the middle
of it and he's sort of trapped in
traffic with everybody else he's a stout
speaker saying people we're all in it
together we're all in the same spot and
Aoife and the other protesters are just
destroying his ass destroying his
armored vehicle they're like
they're throwing bricks at it they're
breaking this he's just not we're all on
the same side
if you can say what you want about Alex
Jones you know I will welcome you to
your own you know individual opinion and
Infowars of Alex Jones I know he's
polarizing but there's one thing you
can't take away from the man knows how
to do marketing that was the most clever
ballsy marketing I've ever seen because
you you're all gonna go look for that
video now is frickin hilarious
people we're all in it together and
they're just attacking if they're
ripping up his already
Alex Jones for the win on marketing that
was the funniest thing today but it
wasn't the only funny thing so uh
have you seen the video of Batman
there's some video I just saw it'll
probably be going around later tonight
I'm somebody Justin a Batman just the
cameraman just sort of follows Batman
through well he does he doesn't do
anything except walk through the crowd
and act like he's actually Batman
everybody stops or like okay I guess
Batman's here now okay it was funny
alright so I tweeted this joke that I
knew at least one-third of the people
wouldn't think it was a joke
so now I've got you know Nicolas Fuentes
and and the grippe are tweeting at me
and but I thought I think I think
Nicholas Fuentes I think he's smart
enough to know as a joke I'm not sure
that the other people have quite caught
on yet that it was a joke but here was
my tweet I said watching anti-fog
up the black lives movement I'm sorry
the black lives matter protests makes
makes me it makes me think black lives
matter has a point about white people
now if you can't tell that's a joke with
you I mean really
now the reason those it's funny at all
is because there's some truth to it but
of course like all jokes it acts like
something with a little bit of truth to
some kind of universal truth which of
course it's not but that's what makes it
a joke is that your brain is trying to
is try to reconcile that it's a little
bit true but it's not really sort of
generally true so you know you have to
wrestle with a little bit that's what
makes it funny that's what triggers the
laugh reflex there's almost makes sense
but doesn't so remember that's the whole
point of a joke is that it almost makes
sense but it doesn't
so it is true that anti-fat is messing
up
why shoulda been a very clean and
effective black lives matter message
because that video that video made it it
made it very possible for black lives
matter to really gain a lot in terms of
you know empathy and understanding
political clout maybe gifts and things
changed maybe get some movement and
maybe make a difference there were all
these things that could have easily
commanded this and I think anti-shah is
the one breaking the windows right now
I've seen a few videos of black lives
matter activists yelling at these white
Anti Fog people who are breaking up you
know they're messing up property and
black lives matter at least the ones on
these specific video notice you don't
it's not like it's capturing everybody's
opinion these are just some individual
videos but anecdotally there are enough
black lives matter activists who are
saying that's not why we're here we're
not here to be looting on camera that's
working against your against your
program so because anti-fur has somehow
somehow anti-fire has sold black lives
matter on the idea that they're on the
same team but maybe i don't understand
these two organizations well enough and
you can you can correct me about this so
fact check me on this would you now say
it's true that black lives matter would
like to build something in other words
they'd like to build businesses for the
black community they'd like to build
some economic security they'd like to
build better opportunity build a better
life they'd like to build something
specifically right i don't see black
lives matter saying we want to make
somebody else less happy i think they
want to build something for a group
they've got some friction you know in
terms of
you know how society is organized that's
their view and so they're there trying
to fix that
all good not only is that all good but
everybody on the right and you think
everybody in the left would be in favor
of that why is that not a good thing
certainly the right is in favor of it
there's nobody on the on the political
right who is not all for the black
community building something you know
building something even more than more
than ever before
all in favor it's completely genuine
when the president brags about bringing
down black unemployment that's
completely real and I'm not sure that
anybody noticed that there's a genuine
pride in helping everybody you do better
so you've got that
but then anti-fog comes in and they mess
up that clean message because the
message was so clean this time because
of the video well maybe not as clean
because there's some new video we'll
talk about that in a minute but for a
while there everybody was on the same
team and the black people were trying to
build something I think everybody else
was certainly in favor of that nobody
was against it why would you be against
it and then anti-shock comes in and I'm
not sure they're trying to build
something are they they're literally
trying to destroy the lower class to get
to the upper class to destroy them am I
wrong about that the anti-shah is
actually trying to break the entire
system but since they can't sort of
directly get to the elite they're doing
it by destroying the foundation which is
the black community for example so I'm
pretty sure the anti-shah is the natural
enemy of black lives matter and I don't
know that black lives matter has figured
it out the other thing that's weird and
I mean it's almost so incredible that
it's going to come out of my mouth and
it won't even sound like it's reality
I'm going to say it anyway the natural
allies of black lives matter are
Republicans their natural allies because
the Republicans have a very simple
system I say it all the time if you
follow the Constitution you're cool with
us you follow the law you work try to
take care of your family boom you're
done you're good you are a hundred
percent everything that that Republicans
like and respect and they'll help you
get a job they'll help you succeed and
they'll like it they'll not only do it
they'll like it
the brag about it they'll tell their
friends they helped you get a job so I
think there maybe is some turning point
happening because I think black lives
matter is looking at the people they
thought were their allies but where the
black community is trying to build
something these supposed allies and
anti-fur are literally trying to destroy
those very things the exact things that
other people want to build because
that's how they get the whole system to
crumble I think unless I'm
misunderstanding
you know everybody's objective I think
that I'm saying that accurately so there
may be this weird turning point where
here's what it would take if if
President Trump said tomorrow look you
tell me what needs to be done give me
some ideas about this you know police
killing people situation just give you
some ideas and then see what the federal
government could do maybe nothing maybe
something so if the president just said
you know let me see how I can wade in to
be helpful but you have to be specific
tell me what I could do is if funding
more about police body cams because
maybe I can do that right so the
president has this gigantic opening to
be the adult in the room and the one who
says
you know there's only one person
listening to black lives matter right
now and it's me
and here's what I can do for you is
anybody else offering because you know
the black community is saying as clearly
as possible you can even hear from
Charlamagne tha God saying it as clearly
as possible that they're gonna go where
the deal is best I mean they're
basically of declared free agency
they've declared free agency they've
actually said we would be willing to
trade the trade parties if you could
make us an offer the sounds good
and I would think that the president
could do exactly that he could make an
offer this sounds good so you may have
this weird situation where these
protests are going to turn into the
black community saying what's the most
pragmatic thing we could do you know if
you just want to be practical and
actually just make results the most
practical thing you can do is pair with
the Republicans that's that pair with
the Republicans the Democratic Party in
terms of being sort of a victim party is
no longer I don't think it's a optimum
place for the black voters because if
victim class is what the Democrats are
all about the trouble is that they have
two categories ahead of you if you're
black because there are more women than
there are black people just in general
demographically so because women are
also sort of a victim class they're
always going to be a little bit ahead of
any other class just because it's the
greatest number of people and then
behind them it seems like just because
the the trend of politics etc it seems
like the you know the Hispanic vote is
more important to the Democrats for the
future anyway than the black vote so if
you're a black Democrat you're you're
ranked just got knocked down to third
place if you join the Republicans
it's a it's a sixty million tie for
first place because the Republican point
of view is American yes it's a tie it's
a tie you and I are are exactly equal so
that's sort of the Republican point of
view it's a lot easier to play by the
rules on the right and the people would
be more helpful I think as opposed to
trying to destroy your black owned
business with the Molotov cocktail which
I would call not helpful maybe there'll
be a realization to that yeah
so what else we got going on here there
I told you that we would eventually see
that missing video of George Floyd's
tragic and ending few minutes because
remember we weirdly we had a video early
on in the arrest sequence and we had a
video of his final minutes but that
whole thing in between was missing and
what and what did I tell you I told you
that somebody didn't want you to see it
and now we've seen some of it but I
think there still some missing so the
part we've seen is a little bit to
cleverly ambiguous so let me say this
you know that video lies right if you
just added out a little bit of video you
can completely reverse what is seeing we
saw it with the Covington kids situation
you've seen it with enough situations
you know that as a general truth if
video is edited even a little bit it can
completely reverse what you saw we have
not yet seen the full video of the stop
from beginning through death there's
still a piece missing
and here's what's really sketchy about
the piece we're seeing it seems to start
when there's something happening inside
the cop car and you can see cops from
both sides and based on their feet you
can see that there's something like a
struggle going on inside the backseat of
the cop car and that it looks like that
that there must be some kind of a
physical struggle with George Floyd and
then you see them except around the
corner and then they end up by the
bumper but you're looking from the other
view see you can just tell that that's
where they are but you can't see much
happening so here's what's still missing
what happened just before the
altercation in the cop car why is it
that we would see this video that starts
it starts exactly when it's ambiguous
because because what the tweet that I
saw was somebody who who imagined that
it was a video and I say imagine because
you can't tell he imagined that what was
happening inside the car that you can't
see it all there's no visibility really
in the car but you know there's some
kind of altercation going on there
because of the legs on the outside so
one person imagined that that was the
police beating up George Floyd just
beating him up now is that possible yes
anything's possible but could it be that
there was something else going on
somebody had suggested I think Ian had
suggested that he had said something
about being claustrophobic when he was
yeah towards sort of his final words
there now if he was claustrophobic
there might have been maybe some kind of
a panic situation in the back of the car
it could have been misinterpreted as
resisting arrest when might have been
more of a panic
maybe I'm just saying that we don't know
what's what to rule in or what to rule
out we still have a black hole of you
know of non information there
so I would ask you to be really careful
when you see that new video from the new
angle because it's missing probably the
most important part and I'm guessing
that the most important part the missing
part somebody doesn't want you to see
because it might change your mind about
something now it could change your mind
in the wrong way meaning it could be
misleading so it's possible that
somebody doesn't want you to see it
because it's misleading you can't really
let him that would be a legitimate
reason to hold the back you know if he
thought it was gonna cause a race riot
and it was misleading you know a
reasonable person might might decide you
know I'll just hold it back but another
reason to hold it back is that you want
to mislead we don't know we don't know
who has the video and we don't know why
they're holding back we assume that it
the whole video exists because it would
be kind of weird if it doesn't but
there's probably something to happen
right before they put him in the car
that would suggest where the bad
behavior you know where the sequence of
events started I guess and then maybe
would give you some greater
understanding of the whole situation
that said there's no excuse for killing
the guy who's once he's once he's down
on the ground so so there's still a lot
of questions that need to be answered
there the weirdest thing about these
protests is that the whole point of the
protest is against the police at least
that's the trigger for it as I said an
tyfa is there for their own reasons and
they're not being especially helpful to
black lives matter but given that the
trigger for it and at least black lives
matters main issue is the police the
weirdest thing that's coming out of this
so far and fact check me if I'm wrong
are we now seeing the police in lots of
different cities being both restrained
and really professional and quite
effective is that what
bike police shooting tear gas I haven't
seen that but what do you say that
they're actually doing a pretty darn
good job so if the protests were
supposed to put pressure on the police
the weird thing that happened is it made
all the protesters look like bad people
because of the looting now let me say as
clearly as I can the percentage of
protesters who were actively looting I
imagine was very small to present tops
maybe 2% of the protesters did a looting
or defacing property but the way these
things work it ends up smearing the
entire operation
so the protesters are getting their
reputation completely smeared by the two
percent who worked in the looting and
whatnot throwing bricks but the police
are looking really strong professional
restrained I haven't seen anything yet
and there should have been a lot of a
lot of examples of it but I haven't seen
anything yet this strikes me as you know
outrageous police behavior now of course
there are a lot of cameras there so
there's a lot of reason to be on your
best behavior but it's a tough situation
really tough situation I do not envy
that the police who are there and I have
to ask you this question
I wonder if things would have been
better with none because it was the
anti-shah people breaking windows I
think which mostly attracts the police
then once the police are there black
lives matter who is mostly angry at
police now have a whole new reason to be
angry because they're right there and
they're looking threatening so it looks
like black lives matter is a big loser
in this because it accidentally made the
police look really professional while
making black lives look really bad
because of these 2 percent of looters
and the anti-shah causing trouble
all right well I'm sure there will be
examples of police behaving badly as
well but will because it'll be there are
a lot of people involved so he can't
expect everybody to do a good job
somebody says another umbrella agent was
spotted at the White House protests yeah
I saw some pictures who knows how real
they are of people with umbrellas and
they seem to have little wires you know
the kind that Secret Service would have
to have an earpiece but I don't even
know if those pictures are real it could
have been easily photoshopped or
something the left is breathlessly
saying it's not an taifa it's proud
voice well good luck with that I think
the number of conspiracy theories that's
good that will grow out of this will be
just amazing all right an FBI guy was
hit with a brick is that true
as black lives matter denounced the
looting well I'm seeing videos of
organizers yelling at the looters quite
aggressively so the only thing we know
is that individual black lives matter
are very aggressively trying to stop the
bad behavior but there's just so much
they can do it's not like they're armed
how did they get all their black outfits
so fast well if you're talking about
empty father they they've had them for a
long time
see then says they don't know who the
bad protesters are there are definitely
some people there who are there to cause
trouble and they came in from other
places so I don't know how we'll find
all those people who came in from other
places but so Carmelo was at the White
House protests today got it I wish I
wish Biden would just go ahead and name
Kamala Harris as his vice Prez
a choice because all this waiting is
killing me you have videos are popping
up all over Twitter of black lives
matter of condemning an T file I've seen
three of them I think so far so I would
expect more somebody says look up
Michael malice tweet I can tell you if
you're not watching Michael valises
Twitter feed this week you're really
missing a show you know every now and
then
have you noticed though B people are
good at tweeting but they'll just have
like a a world-class Grammy winning week
I think Michael Dallas is everyone's
Grammy winning you know tweeting weeks
he had me in stitches with a few tweets
already this week oh yes so I forgot to
mention so you know there was that big
Lancet article saying that there had
been a study showing the hydroxyl
clerking was dangerous and I killed more
people that are saved and then the World
Health Organization the very dependable
World Health Organization decided to you
know stop all the stop all the trials
everywhere in the world of
hydroxychloroquine now turns out that
the Lancet article looks like it's being
essentially debunked by Lance of itself
they found a bunch of problems after the
fact
so even Lance that this is you know
recanting basically and saying in saying
there's not enough information to make a
determination so in other words the
study doesn't tell you anything
and now Lance of the saying that but
more interesting they I just read it I
tweeted this you should read about how
this study was put together if you think
the steel dossier was a bunch of
 you gotta read how this lets
that it wasn't Lance it just was the
article was in The Lancet so it wasn't
lancets fault but apparently all the
data
came from basically one company that
purported that it got the data from all
the different hospitals but everybody's
smart
who knew enough about the situation
looked at what they had and said I don't
think you really could do that like it
seemed impossible that they would have
the data they said they had and then you
dig a little deeper and it's a company
of five people and you dig a little
deeper but it's really just one guy I
dig a little deeper and it's one guy
that didn't exist before February
it's basically basically the entity that
came up with the study used a source of
data the source of which is about as
credible as a Nigerian prince asking you
for buddy to help him get his fortune
and at the end of the bankers hands it
is hilariously non-credible
meaning there's a you read about it so
just look at my Twitter feed if you want
to read the details but a doctor looked
into it and and and found there's just
no credibility to it so the World Health
Organization once again did the wrong
thing now if you're checking my record
against the World Health Organization
I'm up to what six and now every time
I've disagreed with the World Health
Organization I've been I've been proven
correct i I'm not a I'm not saying I'm a
medical expert I make no such claim I'm
simply pointing out that if you were to
compare our track records I have done
far far superior in medical
recommendations than the World Health
Organization do you know who else has
been more accurate than the World Health
Organization magic 8-ball coin-flip
monkey with a dart mic Tsarevich I
didn't mean to say Mike Tsarevich
directly after monkey with the dart
simply these are entities
Kreskin Trump basically everybody in the
world that's so funny
the World Health Organization is
literally the least credible health
organization in the world what do you
what do you call the most irrelevant
medical organization who kind of perfect
it's like the simulation just wanted
them to be called who because that's
what you call irrelevant things hey did
you hear about the irrelevant person who
of course not
nobody's heard of irrelevant things whoo
all right well I think I beat that worse
all right that's all for now I will talk
to you in the morning you know where