but um pom-pom pop up on everybody come
on in here at Monday it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams I'm a little bit
late cuz I got things going on this
morning all kinds of things
yeah window washers who are gonna show
up any moment now peek it in my windows
that's always upsetting alright if you'd
like to join me for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip you
know what you need you do you need a cup
or a mug a classes tiny chalice a tanker
two thermos a flask akin to the vessel
of any kind selling with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
that dopamine hit that makes the rest of
the day better
the simultaneous said go so I was
reading yesterday that there's a company
in China called one Chang why you am CH
Eng one Jiang one Shang probably not
pronouncing that correctly but
apparently they're the primary source of
all these fentanyl ingredients sold to
this country and then to Mexico which
then turns it into fentanyl and sensei
here and I'm reading this story in my
jaw my jaw is just dropping it's like
are you telling me we know exactly the
name of the company we know their
corporate address we know the names of
all their officers and they're killing
what forty fifty thousand Americans a
year by sending fentanyl precursors here
really and we're okay with that
apparently because we just say hey how
about a trade deal I am absolutely
opposed to a trade deal with China
period any trade deal I don't care what
it is do not care what it is if they're
allowing this to happen they are
with us they are an enemy and we should
treat him as such and it's probably
illegal to call for assassinations is
there anything illegal about that what
if hypothetically hypothetically if
somebody went on periscope and called
for the assassination of somebody in
another country would that would that be
illegal
I don't know but I'll just put it this
way rather than calling for the
assassination of the officers of this
company I would just say we should not
do any business with China until they
take care of it
China can take care of it they're a big
country they got lots of capability they
know how to execute their citizens so if
they do that then we should have a
productive conversation with them and
see if we get any further if they don't
do that no interest in doing business
with them under any conditions I'm
watching in amazement
another topic here as as Ted Cruz is
trying to inform the country through
Twitter primarily that the New York
Times got caught with that secret
recording with the top editor talking to
the to the proud to the assembled
reporters and telling them that the the
Russia collusion thing that they had
organized around for a couple of years
didn't work out so they were going to
reorganize around the topic of racism in
America and so Ted Cruz put the same
interpretation on that that I did which
is wow this is the first time at least
the first time I know of where a major
press organization was caught red-handed
creating the story a year before the
news so whatever the news is they've
created this structure that they can
sort of slot in well because of racism
well the economy is doing well because
of racism well this happened because of
racism
and that of course is a narrative it's
not the news now it's pretty hard to do
the new straight without accidentally
putting some opinion into it so I
realize it's never easy but you've never
seen it so carefully laid-out yeah and
but the amazing thing is the response to
it imagine if you will that the most
probably the most important news
organization in the world may be you
know certainly in this country
the New York Times gets caught plotting
to make up the news essentially creating
a narrative and then slotting the news
stories into it and I thought to myself
well that's gigantic that's bigger than
Watergate I mean actually bigger than
Watergate no joking way bigger Watergate
was about covering up a break-in that
other people did to something that
didn't make that much difference but
starting a you know a race war in the
United States way worse it's not even
close and so I thought what how does the
left handle this bit of knowledge if
you're on the left and you find out that
your new sources are not even trying to
be legitimate what do you do do you say
oh darn it
I've been using these new sources for
years and now I realize in retrospect
that it's not news
they've been programming me do they do
that
nah yeah but what they do is even more
head-shaking so John Harwood
I guess NBC guy he this was his response
now remember the Ted Cruz linked to the
actual transcript of the New York Times
editor talking to the staff it's all
there to read and here's John Harvard's
response to it no that's not what the
editor said what
so no that's not what he said and then I
think Maggie Haberman had a similar
comment that was now that didn't happen
and I thought to myself my god the
people on the right Tim Poole was
tweeting around a graph that showed that
the people who lean right see most of
the news on the left as well as their
own resources people on the Left only
see their own news sources they don't
see anything anything from the right
it's just nothing so if the people on
the left say it's not a story nothing
happened
what do the people who consume that
media think they actually think nothing
happened it's the it's the biggest story
I don't biggest story of the year what
do you think what's the bigger story
than that
there's so many things happening that
that it may be you know I may have be
forgiving bigger stories but I think
that's the biggest story of the year and
the people on the Left just told their
audience yeah nothing happened
amazing like I don't even know how to
process that no nothing to happen happen
no nothing to say nothing happened
amazing amazing amazing so it seems to
me that the news as sort of devolved
into four categories there used to be a
time when the news was something like
hey some events happened let us tell you
about those events and then we called
that news but now we have fake news
stuff that didn't happen stuff taken out
in the context in this case simply
denying that an event happened just
saying it didn't happen and as you know
we're on hoax number five from the New
York Times if you count up you know all
the there was the fine people hoax and
the you know all the other hoaxes but
this so this is hoax number five they're
up to and I'm not even counting all not
going
this wallet hoax the the mocking the
disabled reporter hoax there's just so
many hoaxes my counting walls but you're
in the category so you get your fake
news which is usually just stuff taken
in the context then you've got your
hypothetical news so that I suppose
that's always existed but it seems more
prominent hypothetical news goes like
this if there's a recession Trump might
not get reelected if a meteor hits the
earth or not prepared so we've got a
hypothetical news now because we ran out
of actual news than the other category
somebody's added me here in the comments
is the mind-reading news based on what
we imagine literally imagine other
people are thinking now that goes well
with the taking things out of context
and then putting your your assumption
about what people are thinking into
there and then there's the reframing
history news where you don't introduce
any new news but you go back and you
talk about history to change how we look
at the history so that you look at the
present differently now the New York
Times is engaged in this in their 1619
project 1619 refers to the year the
first year of slavery from African
sources before that there was a lot of
slavery but in terms of African slaves
coming over I guess the first ones were
1619 and so I was reading I read the
first the first article on that and so
here's my first statement about that
real good history so in terms of
Education in terms of understanding you
know what the nature of the the colonies
and the early the birth of the country
was really good stuff I'd recommended
that book American nations for the same
reason because it talks about how
different things were than the way you
learned them in the in the textbooks but
here's the thing while I love it
as
and I absolutely love that you know the
the countries get a little more informed
about who we really are where we came
from
etc all that stuff's good but the
problem is that the intention of it is
to make us think differently in the
present and I don't know how to
interpret that except that we should be
thinking differently about Trump because
it turns out of everything everything
ends up connecting to that right because
it's the thing that the news cares about
so having an entire history lesson of
hundreds of years ago
if happens to make you hate a guy who
was not part of that time it's not
legitimate news it's great history and I
recommend it it's good reading so well
done in the terms of writing
historically good for the nation
probably probably lots of good reasons
to read it but you have to question
their intentions for doing it now the
way they're doing it here's a couple of
things that you don't hear because the
news is all about narrative and not
facts here are two things that the
president promised us that I don't think
get enough attention one is he said he
was going to be politically incorrect
he said that indirect words that at the
very first debate he said he doesn't
care for political correctness and he's
not going to adhere to it now when you
hear I'm not going to be politically
correct what are you here well what I
hear and I suppose it's open for
interpretation but what I hear is I'm
telling you right now I'm going to speak
plainly without worrying about offending
people so far I think you'd all agree
right that he's going to speak however
he wants to speak to get his message
across and he's not going to care
whether or defense people and the reason
that there is word there is a phrase
called political correctness the context
of that is that when you do that you
will be accused of being
racist and then sexist and a xenophobe
and a bigot so he told us I'm going to
speak you know in a plain way that
people will find offensive and they will
use that as an excuse to accuse me of
being a racist in the xenophobe and they
get to this access to cetera and then he
delivered that he delivered that he gave
us exactly what he said he would give us
if he were elected I don't think he gets
enough credit for that because he
actually said in what I take as a very
clear language when I get elected
they're gonna go crazy accusing me of
every ism but I'm not going to care and
that's what we got that's exactly what
we got now if you see it through that
filter obviously I had a narrative to it
so I didn't just report the facts I
added by a little spin to it but is
that's been the illegitimate is an
illegitimate to say he told us in clear
language and what he was going to do he
told us in clear language because of the
term politically incorrect the way it's
the way it's commonly used is that I'm
going to be falsely accused right if you
say I'm going to be politically
incorrect you're also saying and I'm
going to be falsely accused because of
the types of language I use you nailed
it that's where we are
he's exactly where he said we would be
if we elected him the other thing he's
not getting enough attention for is this
is something like 21,000 Mexican
National Guard troops are guarding the
border to keep people from crossing
their southern border and getting to the
northern border and crossing here isn't
that kind of expensive what does it cost
to put 21 or 20 whatever thousand
soldiers on a border that feels really
expensive can we really say Mexico isn't
paying for the wall because it looks
exactly like making Mexico pay for at
least border security now you could say
well
that's not a wall but that's you know
it's a substitute border security with a
whole army feels a lot like a human wall
that somebody says something in the
cabinets I think you have to stretch to
say that he failed to make Mexico pay
for the wall that looks exactly like
making making Mexico pay for the wall if
you allow that the wall means border
security now you could be you know is it
pedantic and say no no no he said the
wall the wall wala no it has to be
concrete or else it doesn't count well
okay
I hear what you're saying but getting
nice to go to pay for a border security
in a way that's very expensive and
apparently effective is an awful lot
like doing something that other
politicians didn't look like they were
gonna do all right so what do we do
about all this so it's another day where
there's no real news I look at I always
do the same thing I look at social media
Twitter I look at cnn.com I look at Fox
News and I say what's the news and there
are days like this what are there just
no news and that's actually not unusual
for for August because people are on
vacation Hong Kong let's talk about Hong
Kong which largely fell off the front
page so it's interesting the Hong Kong
is using some American imagery they're
using some of American flags and I guess
there was the American national anthem
but here's my take on which I said
before in the long run China will win
because they can wait they can put as
much pressure as they want now you might
see something like you might see China
appear to pull back
so they might for example say okay we
hear you people on the street so we're
not gonna do the thing we said we were
going to do which is essentially assert
some judicial control over the countries
so they could try people in Chinese
courts they might say that we'll pull
back on that but if they do pull back
they're not going to give up on it
they're just gonna start moving other
variables until it's easier to get it
next time so maybe they start bribing
some people you know influencing some
people you know so I don't think China
is gonna lose in the long run because
I'm con does not have a military force
in Taiwan has a military force so
they're not really directly comparable
so what the president has done I thought
was kind of perfect so the president's
responses to this and for those of you
who do do i do criticize the president
when when he does things I don't like
yeah I don't think he's I don't think
he's killing it on health care or
immigration or race relations for
example so I got plenty of stuff I could
criticize but his response about the
Hong Kong thing was just about as good
as you could do in a non-politician way
so what he said was that he believes
that his great friend President Xi who
has many talents if he wanted to even
though he knows it's not his thing he
could be with the protesters and he
could solve this thing without any
violence fairly quickly well yeah he
could under the condition that the Hong
Kong protesters just give up but
President Xi is not going to call a
meeting with the Hong Kong protesters
and then give them what they're asking
for so the beauty of what President
Trump suggested is that it's completely
impractical that's what's beautiful
there isn't the slightest chance the
President Xi is going to personally meet
with the heads of the protesters and
then give them some of the stuff that
they want the
it's not going to happen but the
president puts it out there as a
compliment so he frames it as a
compliment to president shade he shows
his respect very very well done in terms
of threading that needle because the
president says I believe President Xi
could pull this off because he's so
awesome and he can ignore as the yes the
I guess he has the freedom to ignore
that it couldn't possibly work in a way
that's good for Hong Kong and the
onk-onk would agree but as a way to say
something in public it's great because
he's clearly on the side of Hong Kong
while complementing Xi and saying
President Xi you could handle this in
ten minutes I know you could
you're awesome I love you we've got a
great relationship it's kind of perfect
but then the president continues and
says that if there's violence in Hong
Kong he's you know I'm paraphrasing but
the president would would have a
difficult time getting a deal done which
is also perfect cover for not getting a
deal done if I were having trouble
getting a deal done I would certainly
want this Hong Kong thing to pop up so I
could I could lay it on that say well
you know in Hong Kong we would love to
do a deal but I don't know China
things you're doing to Hong Kong makes
you the kind of the kind of trading
partner we don't know if we could trust
you know we did we don't know if we
could be on your side we can't support
that so the president picked the perfect
place to be on this because you can't
really pressure China for something like
this there's no way to pressure them in
a way that works well we can simply say
that we would head the way the president
put it is that politically he would have
trouble getting a deal done even if he
wanted to so he sort of took it out of
his hands and said I don't know the mood
I'm paraphrasing again but the mood
would be if you did something bad
would be such that it would be hard for
me to get a deal down here in America so
excellent excellent job of
depersonalized in the situation
keeping the respect on setting the
boundaries giving himself an out if the
negotiations which I that don't turn out
to be fruitful he's got one more reason
to say well we can't really deal with
some country that was so bad to Hong
Kong if that happens I would have to say
this so far there has been more
restraint from China that I might have
expected and asked a lot to do with that
just the number of people in Hong Kong
that are that are motivated so watching
that as fun but I will I will say again
that I don't think a trade deal with
China will ever be in our interest
unless China changes their philosophy on
deals apparently their philosophy on
deals is to only make deals that are
good for them and bad for the other team
now I can't confirm that that's true but
that's what's more people are telling me
that China doesn't doesn't have let's
say the philosophy that deals should be
win-win deals there there's just power
and that's sort of the end of the story
so we probably are going to need to walk
away from China as an active market or
just forever do deals with them where we
tariff each other if they want to live
with that but I that in the long run
China will just not be philosophically
compatible with our economic system and
I don't know that they need to be I
don't think it's the end of the world
necessarily I will somewhat
simultaneously set to that the other
thing we never really know is how close
to the edge China is you know from the
outside I don't know if we can tell you
from the inside I don't know if they can
tell the the distance between doing
great and having a major recession I
don't know if anybody can see it coming
before it happens
now yeah and it does make me wonder if
we should be closer to to Russia in
terms of trade somebody somebody raised
the possibility and I will not name
names that cryptocurrencies would
someday be used for assassinations have
you ever heard that idea the idea that
you could maybe put out a hit you know a
request to have somebody whacked and
then you know in some untraceable
cryptocurrency way you could you could
just pay for the hit you'd have to have
evidence that happened and it makes me
wonder if you could start seeing hits in
other countries from people who just say
you know I'll just put some Bitcoin
toward this and we'll see what happens I
don't know that that really could work
because I've got a feeling that you can
trace more things than there you I think
everything's traceable I don't believe
in untraceable stuff check out the dark
web
just as a dark web I have assassination
markets I don't think that's the thing
Big Brother won't allow untraceable
currency only socialists believe Chinese
socialists to justify their BS okay so
China's not buying our soy beans I would
like to see China buy all of our soy
beans we should give China all the soy
they want for free we should just ship
them all the sand and Russia too we
should give both Russia and China free
soy just as much as they can eat we
could just soy them right to death
I don't think Ross Ulbricht is it is
serving time for creating an
assassination vehicle he's serving time
for the Silk Road which allowed a number
of things have I heard of Craig Wright
creator of Bitcoin well that doesn't
sound right
unless his name is Satoshi so I don't
know that story I have now heard it
Scott please see Ian Fletcher economist
who wants to talk okay I don't know what
that's all about
I'm just reading your comments here
because honestly I like spending time
with you guys but there's not much to
talk about
except soy in China but what a world huh
so the president and one of the things I
love what he does is he goes on in his
public statements he'll call out heroes
and villains and the media and they they
say that you know you don't want to
normalize this behavior but I'm so glad
it is normalized so the president went
after a Juan Williams on Fox News but he
praised some other people greg gutfeld
as one of them and he was talking about
how he doesn't like it when Fox News
does things that are not complementary
to it and I gotta say that if we were
not in a world where the New York Times
had just revealed that that there a
narrative organization and not a news
organization at least in terms of
politics it would be a lot more
bothersome that the president talks
about Fox News is sort of a wholly owned
subsidiary of of his administration but
I think in the real world you can see
that news news networks do seem to have
political preferences can you invite a
public liberal to talk you know I would
love to to have somebody on here who
disagrees with me but I don't know if I
can count one I don't know if I could
get I I will tell you that I didn't
invite a prominent liberal somebody
whose name you've heard to be on the
show and let's say he booked he booked
and I let it go I don't know that there
are any liberals who would take the
chance will we buy a green land it
sounds like we won't just because green
land doesn't want to sell oh they went
after Fox for hiring Donna Brazile yet
the president did talk to yang I tried
yang because his people didn't get back
to me and then I lost interest frankly
if I've done more interested I probably
would have followed it invite Bill Maher
mm-hmm
I doubt Bill Maher would go on my
podcast but he would be interesting Oh
Rob Reiner Wow Michael Moore I would
love to talk to Michael Moore but again
I don't think any of those people would
come on my show get the mooch you know I
don't know what's happening with caribou
Qi exactly I mean other than the obvious
we're all watching it and it's all kind
of obvious what's happening but I just
don't know that that news in my mind the
scaramouche scaramouche e news doesn't
really go beyond him him and the
president and some people in the news
won't talk about it
it doesn't seem to affect America will I
sell Scott sipping mugs probably not how
can he in Fletcher contact me you say in
all capital letters easiest way to get
my attention is on
so if you get a LinkedIn I just send
over an invitation I accept everybody on
LinkedIn but because there's far less
traffic on LinkedIn I'm far more likely
to notice a message john cusack I don't
think he'll talk to me share punching
engineer oh I love the fact that De Niro
is now called punchy punchy denier all
right the mooch likes to periscope -
well I've spoken to scare emoji so we we
did once have a brief conversation so I
could and we've we've crossed
we've not crossed messages we've
exchanged the messages on Twitter so I
could invite him on but I think he I
know what he's gonna say so could it all
be a setup with scare emoji I doubt it
somebody says you say you're a left of
birdie on what abortion on left to
Bernie so some of these people often ask
me why do I say I'm left to Bernie and
let me give you some examples I'm left
to Bernie on abortion for one example
the conservatives are more likely to be
opposed to all abortions liberals are
more likely to be in favor of abortion
under certain conditions and I'm left to
that which is men such as Bernie and B
should be followers on this issue not
leaders meaning that women have more
skin in the game and their collective
decisions I'm willing to support there's
a longer description there to why that
why I have that position but that's the
short version the short version is I'm
left to him because I think he and I
shouldn't even be talking about it
whatever women collectively want about
abortion it's life and death women have
skin in the game
men don't and while I'm not saying we
should give up or vote I'm not saying
men should to give up any
decision-making about money but the
moral the moral exact center for that
issue I think I would rather follow the
the lead of women because in this area
they have the most skin in the game now
what I say the same thing for let's say
the military because they're more men
who go off and get killed in the
military and the answer is yes I would I
I think that men probably should have a
little more say in that because they're
a little more skin in the game depending
on the situation all right another one
conservatives want to keep their guns
Bernie likes a little bit of you know
Second Amendment thinks you should be
able to keep your rifle I believe but I
believe that no one should have a weapon
except me
so I'm far left to Bernie he thinks
people should have you know at least
rifles for hunting you know what not but
I think nobody should have a gun except
me and then you don't have to worry
about the government taking over because
there would only be one god and not have
it so I'd kind of run the whole country
now the thing with guns is that guns are
really a a difference in risk profile
the people who want guns either don't
have any risk or they don't have much
risk of their existence and they they
want to use them and they might think
that in their case it would keep them
safer in their home there are other
people for whom lots of guns make them
unambiguously less safe so as the people
who who know they will be less safe
don't want guns and the people who know
that they will be more safe do want guns
it's not really a political conversation
it's just people trying to get what's
best for their risk profiles anyway so
here's another one I think this is true
servants generally would keep would keep
Confederate of statues generally
liberals would be far more likely of
course there's not universal agreement
anywhere here but the Liberals far more
likely would want to get rid of civil
war-era statues for being offensive
and I think Bernie's probably in that
category I'm somebody has to fact-check
me but I'm left to that when the
president says what are we gonna do take
down references to George Washington to
which I say absolutely yeah yes you
should absolutely stop worshiping a
slave owner I know it's hard
I know we've all been raised most of us
anyway raised to worship Washington and
Jefferson and those guys and I'm willing
to say that they had some excellent
qualities Jefferson was a good inventor
he was excellent with words he was also
a giant racist slave owner should we be
putting giant racist slave owners on
their money and then asking should we
put slave owners on our money and then
ask African Americans to like be on the
same team say hey why can't you be a
team player just because we put slave
owners on money that shouldn't offend
you to which I say absolutely it should
offend you put yourself in that
situation so if if you don't agree with
that then you are a good candidate to
read either the book American Nations
which which tells you just how evil the
early slave owners were and by the way
there were early slave owners they had
white slaves it wasn't just racist now
the the situation with the African
slaves the ones that came from Africa
was much worse but the rich people were
abusing and murdering and and whipping
white people too
you know they just had to be poor
somebody says you just lost me but again
you didn't give a reason all right so
who sold the slaves doesn't matter to
this point totally irrelevant if you
want to win points it's like hobo who
sold the slaves if it was black people
who sold the slain irrelevant Iran if
one of those black people in Africa who
sold the slaves had their picture on the
currency of the United States I'd say
maybe get that off of there right the
fact that happened to be Washington it
was a slave owner and keep in mind the
Revolution was not fought the revolution
was not fought to free the slaves the
Revolution was fought to keep the
slavery a big part of the reason that
these the Revolutionary War happened at
all is because people wanted to keep
slaves and England was moving away from
it so the Revolution was kind of a
pro-slavery thing in addition to you
know the political part scott adams for
destroying pyramids now i think i think
anything that's historical can be
maintained if you put the proper context
around it so i don't have any problem
with the pyramids and i wouldn't have
any problem with somebody keeping a
Confederate statue if they put a plaque
up that said you know we're not praising
slave owners we're just telling you the
history for example yeah that would be
fine I'll be ok with that
or just move the statue to a museum
that'd be fine so I don't think you have
to destroy history but you don't have to
put slave owners on your currency I'm
seriously so there are a lot of
positions we run left to Bernie and then
there are a lot of them were he's either
impractical or or we're sort of similar
all right take Bernie's position on
dealing with China he says be tough
take Bernie's position on offshoring
jobs to other countries same as Trump's
take Bernie's position on well whatever
all right somebody says so it wasn't
about taxes so you mean I've been lied
to
correct you haven't lied to it was a
little bit about taxes it was a little
bit about taxes but no that wasn't the
that wasn't the whole reason is there a
huge story to be had oh let's talk about
Epstein's assistant there Alain Maxwell
so there was this picture taken of her
if people are asking questions such as
why are there two drinks there and why
did she take her glasses off of the
picture how do you read a book without
glasses on and and wasn't it easy to
find her and all that stuff and I have
to say if we don't find her fairly soon
meaning the legal system or the press
I'm going to say that that was probably
a setup if I were trying to hide I would
go somewhere have somebody take a
picture with a professional camera and
then I would make sure that I was never
anywhere around that place again so that
everybody would be looking looking to
wherever that picture was taken
so the ghilane Maxwell thing could be
she just went for a burger and they
caught her it could be could be exactly
what it looks like but I think it's just
as likely that she she wanted the
picture taken for her own purposes just
as likely somebody says we know you are
really conservative at heart and support
Trump well supporting Trump is about
supporting systems over goals you hear
me talk about that
the system is all the stuff you do to
make sure that you have good incomes and
a goal is just something you want it
doesn't tell you how to get it so I want
income equality but I don't know how to
get there the best we have is a
capitalist system and the president
supports capitalism so the president
tends support systems and I generally
like that
if ghilane was nearsighted she would
take off her glasses to read that is
correct I often take off my glasses to
read by the way and you know these
glasses go both ways but I often take
them off to read you can't read one book
and no American history did I tell you I
read one book that sound wall behind you
makes you look like a little kid in a
big chair okay I'm just looking at your
comments now because I got nothing else
to say well I think I'll end it and get
on to some other work and I will talk to
you tomorrow maybe there'll be some
somebody's asking about income equality
I would like poor people to have more
stuff I don't care if rich people have
to get more stuff so in my perfect world
poor people would get more stuff rich
people don't really need any more stuff
and so in you'd get closer to equality
but I don't like it as a goal I like it
as something that happens because you're
doing everything right
not as an objective alright that's all
for now I'll talk to you later