Papo Papo Papo
oh hey everybody come on in here we've
got to talk about the Democrat the
democratic debate last night and of
course the Sham Pietschmann t' that's
all there is lately I'm pretty sure
there are important things happening
somewhere else in the world but I don't
know we're not talking about and that's
because you're here for the simultaneous
up it's not always about the news now
sometimes it's about connecting with
your fellow humans all over the world
and enjoying something that we come to
know as the simultaneous happen all you
need is a copper Margaret glasses
snifter Stein chalice tankard thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine he
ended the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous imp go oh yeah that's
the good stuff right there well let's
talk about I don't know sham peach mint
what were the democratic debate we'll
get to sham Pietschmann in a moment but
the democratic debate let me give you a
rundown on how I think everybody did you
got Joe Biden who couldn't possibly stay
top of the polls for much longer they
invited really just sort of fell apart
the crowd actually laughed at him for
what if his one of his gaffes
of which there were several but he just
didn't look like he's all there and I'm
pretty sure that the his and tires
port is based on people who haven't seen
him lately yeah that that's the entire
hit against Biden news have you seen him
lately
because if you're still basing your
opinion on how he was five years ago you
got a problem
so Biden is dead man walking he's he's
not gonna get nominated booed a judge I
wanted to like I wanted to like butta
judge but he's better he's easier to
like in the abstract if you're just
thinking about him you're thinking oh
he's smart he's well-meaning he's
somewhat in the middle you know he
brings a lot of stuff but then you watch
him actually debate in which he is on
the stage contrasted with the other
politicians and I swear to god all I
could see is the smartest kid in high
school trying to run for student council
I just can't take him seriously as a
leader because he his vibe is to let's
say too smart and too young and either
those things were popular in the United
States if you're picking a leader too
young is really not working for you and
too smart we hate that stuff because it
didn't he talked a lot and I don't
remember any of it do you think of all
the things that Buddha judge said during
the democratic debate he got quite a bit
of talking time I think he was one of
the top people in terms of how much time
he got to talk I don't remember any of
it
do you this is a problem with being too
smart and too eloquent and too he's
almost too good he's like the best
debater you ever saw but none of it is
interesting so I don't know if he can
break through with that
tulsi gabbard did not have a good night
she didn't have a terrible night but she
didn't do anything to you know stay in
the race I think I would imagine that
Tulsi will have a tough time making the
next debates just because she didn't
stand out and I just don't see her
policies being close enough to what the
Democrats are looking for and I think
her she's become a little bit of a too
focused on the anti-war part which is
good but anti-war and not doing regime
regime changes is what we already have
we already have that president
so Tulsi gabbard's strongest point that
she would not do with the regime change
stuff we already have that president so
that's a tough contrast for her I
thought birdy birdy surprisingly didn't
get as much time as some of the others
he was in the top four I think
but birdy was just birdy birdy did not
convert anybody knew probably probably
didn't lose anybody so I think birdies
sort of failed to make an impact which
is bad for burning cory booker got a
little attention he looked he looked
borderline presidential but he's so
close to being you know booted out of
the entire process because the process
really yeah yeah I would say the process
is really rigged in the sense maybe
accidentally but it's rigged in terms of
people have name recognition and it's
hard to you know work your way through
the crowd if you get to be kicked off
the debate stage so cory booker is
interesting but i don't know if
democrats are buying into him enough
Klobuchar still has the right policies
and she has lots of capability but man
is she bought
ringg Klobuchar talks like this
everything she says is probably smart
and it makes sense and I don't really
argue with much of it except for some of
it his opinion and the President must be
removed from office but she's boring me
with her monotone and I don't think I
can listen to that for four years or
maybe eight years I would blow my brains
out even though she's very capable she
doesn't come across as sufficiently care
charismatic to be President of the
United States perhaps she could be a
good governor maybe a good senator I
think she is a good senator right and
we've got yang again you didn't
distinguish himself stuck to his
interesting but not setting the world on
fire ideas and I think he sort of
disappeared on the stage and honestly
the not wearing a necktie think it's not
really working for him I think you could
get away with not wearing the necktie if
you were in the top three because then
people would say oh you could be in the
top three and not worry that guy but if
you're in the toward the bottom of the
polling and you don't wear a necktie I
don't know if it looks like you're
trying hard enough I don't know if
that's reading the way he wants it to
read it's the sort of thing that works
if you're in a commanding lead they
dress any way you want everybody loves
you but if you're not it maybe it looks
like you're not as serious about the
process so I think that works against
them let's talk about Harris if you want
to know how Harris did don't watch the
right leading news don't watch Fox News
to watch Breitbart to find out how
Harris did because it doesn't matter
what people associated with Republicans
liked because this is the primaries so I
looked to see what CNN and MSNBC and the
like were saying and there was one tell
that was very interesting Jenna
Ruben who is a very well-known anti
chopper and seems to be connected to
let's say the deep state so she seems to
be pretty connected to the permanent
Democratic machine and she tweeted that
that Kamala Harris was having a good
night which tells me that there's some
preference that she has good nights so
there might be some some possibly it
could be a signal that there's some
consensus building with her because
maybe she could win now here what's the
most interesting thing about Harris's
presentation remember I told you that
she could win if she made the following
changes improve her body language and
stop laughing at her own jokes and also
I think she sought peace to stop doing
terrible commercials hanging around
preschool because it just doesn't look
presidential
so last night no laughing right and in
fact I saw Jonah Goldberg called that
out on Twitter notice that she wasn't
laughing at her own jokes is that
intentional probably is you know and I
thought her body language was better it
could be because there's a there behind
the podiums so so maybe it's just
natural that you have any better body
language when you're standing behind
something like that but I thought that
she came across as powerful I thought
she was too lawyerly if if she were
trying to convince me I would say you
know she wasn't likable and she was a
little too lawyerly but it doesn't
matter what I think because I'm not I'm
not part of the primary process so if if
Democrats liked her and I heard a number
of people saying that she had a good
night
that's important now the most important
thing that Hera said was that she was
trying to put together the Obama
coalition meaning the the groups of
people who were pro Obama now here's how
she said it I want to pull together the
you know the people of color I forget
the exact quote but you know what the
women the LGBTQ and then I'm waiting for
her to say had white people in her list
of who she was pulling together for her
coalition because I'm pretty sure that
Obama needed a lot of white people to
vote for him so I'm waiting for that you
know she's like you need the black vote
the LGBT and then she says and the
middle class or the working working
people or something like that and I
thought really
you left out white people in your
coalition how's that gonna work so the
way she worded it was a secret racist
dog whistle that basically she wants the
Democrats to be the party of everything
except old white people now it was
actually a very effective thing for her
to say because if you're talking about
electability you have to forget about
the people who can't get the black vote
can boot a judge get the black vote
probably no can birdie probably no
because it can Elizabeth Warren probably
no can Biden probably yes but he also
can't win the general so does it matter
that he could get them or not
so for Harris to point out that using
her a clever secret racist dog whistle
of calling it the Obama coalition she's
trying to say this is no party for old
white people but if there are also
working people maybe they'll vote for us
so it wasn't a bad approach because I
think it's a signal to Democrats
look if you want somebody who can win
you're gonna need a woman who's a person
of color because that's how you get the
the coalition but the way she worded it
was very anti Obama what what's the
thing I tell you
makes Obama special you know you may
hate his politics blah blah you know I'm
not talking about his whole presidency
but one of the things that made by I'm
sorry Obama special and I've said this a
number of times is that he didn't run to
be the first black president and he was
really consistent about that he ran to
be in the president and he didn't say
I'm gonna scoop up all the black voters
hahaha because I'm black because that
would have been racist Obama brilliantly
brilliantly downplayed the fact that he
was would have been the first black
president and then was he'd let
everybody else talk about it that's the
way you do it that's the way you do it
Harris talked about it which which he
allowed her to send the secret racist
dog whistle that she wants to be sort of
the the leader of the women and the the
black voters in the Democratic Party and
didn't even mention white voters didn't
even mention them which is was really
striking in its absence because how do
you get elected without it that said it
probably went over well with Democrats
so I think she had a good night
now I will remind you that over a year
ago I predicted Harris would get the
nomination I've continued with my
prediction because I don't think it's
fair to change it you know I think I
should be held accountable for it I have
also said that she was the worst
campaigner I've ever seen and so far
that's true but I gotta say that on the
based age she isn't bad at all and if
what people know about her is are
debating if that's the part they pay
attention to she looks pretty strong I
also said that if she could fix her body
language you know and basically the way
she presents her demeanor and not laugh
at her own jokes that she could still
still make a run for the nomination last
night she did those two things now do
you think somebody else got to her do
you think it's a coincidence or do you
think do you think I don't know who else
was saying it was there anybody else
saying that she needed to stop laughing
at her own jokes I don't know if anybody
else said it before I said it but she
has now done the things I said she needs
to do to win so what's that do I think I
saw was it Bill O'Reilly who tweeted is
it just me or is she hard to like
talking about Harris and I gotta say I
have the same feeling about it she's
hard to like but how much of that is
gender
are women saying oh she looks hard to
like I don't know I don't know if women
they're saying she's hard to like then
that's a real problem but remember we
said hard to like about Hillary
you know Republicans always said Hillary
was hard to like and Hillary said well
it's you know their sexes have involved
was there maybe you know I wouldn't rule
that out
maybe I mean there were plenty of
reasons not to vote for her but you
can't rule out that there was something
about her that reminded you of your
ex-wife I think guys had a different
response to Hillary Clinton than women
it is that fair to say whether you're
Republican or Democrat
I think there's definitely a a gender
difference in how personalities are
received for example Trump's personality
plays better with men wouldn't you say
you know I think Trump is hard to like
if you're a Democrat in a woman so some
people are hard to like depending on who
you are and depending on who they are so
I think that's a fair statement the
Harris is hard to like for Republican
men which doesn't matter at all it's not
predictive so I'm gonna say and somebody
said that I think it was Barnes I don't
know if you're you're watching but you
said that apparently the overseas
betting markets for Harris went way up
like up 40% can somebody check that
while we're while I'm talking and put it
in the comments
check predict it and tell me who went up
did because I would guess the Harris
went up that's my guess all right so
that's how everybody did
my prediction of Cobble Harris getting
the nomination looks the best today that
it has looked in several months which
doesn't mean I'm right but I'm going to
stick with my prediction I would say
yang has no chance I would say Tulsi has
no chance cory booker's sort of a wild
card he could surprise but at the moment
it looks like he's about ready to be you
know cancelled from the debates for not
getting enough poll numbers although he
did he had a great fundraising day
yesterday it's worth saying so he did
make an impact yesterday it might be
enough and you know here's the thing
one reason you shouldn't count cory
booker out does that he's super smart
and smart goes a law
way all right now a lot of the
candidates are smart and if you look at
the smart ones how are they doing
Elizabeth Warren very smart how is she
doing really well
right Pete Buddha judge very smart very
smart how is he doing really well really
well he's outperforming what you'd
expect from a mayor from the mid-sized
city so smart does count smart is pretty
predictive it doesn't mean you win
but spar certainly counts and so that's
why I booked her is a wild card because
he's really really smart somebody
mentioned steyr he's barely worth
mentioning because unless he gets a
little more purchase on things I don't
think he's terribly relevant to the
process all right let's talk about oh
and then I guess there was a Marquette
law Wisconsin poll I don't know how
prestigious the Marquette law Wisconsin
polis but Wisconsin being one of those
swing states suddenly for the first time
Trump leads in a hypothetical matchup
with any of the Democrats Trump leads
every one of them for the first time for
the first time so in the middle of the
impeachment hearings Trump's poll
numbers and an important swing state
just went way up who predicted that a
lot of people including me I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna claims some like smart
prediction on my part because all the
smart people said the same thing if if
you go for the king you know and you
don't kill him
you got trouble it looks like this
impeachment process there they went to
take out the king in this case the
president and it looks like it's not
going to work we'll talk about that
alright so I was so here's my
realization yesterday and I don't know
why this
took me so long when I when I tell you
this realization you're gonna say to
yourself wait a minute why is this the
first time we're thinking to this all
right it's it's funny because it's so
obvious
and when you hear it I think you'll
really laugh that you didn't already see
this all right here it comes
the the sunland testimony is that he was
sure there was a quid pro quo based on
context and talking to Rudy and other
things but when he asked the president
the president said unambiguously no quid
pro quo pro quo just tell him to do the
right thing meaning zalenski now how do
you explain that the president said
directly no quid pro quo just do the
right thing I'm not asking you know I'm
not offering anything as a as an award
for doing the right thing and yeah
everybody thought it was a quid pro quo
in context so here's my insight that
you're gonna laugh that you didn't think
of it already it's President Trump name
name a situation in which he's
negotiating something in which his first
offer is not give it to me for free do
you feel it yeah his first offer or his
first ask in every situation is given to
me for free now if you're doing a trade
negotiations it's obviously there's no
concept of free you know everybody's
getting something and giving something
but when you're talking to a foreign
leader and there's something you want
and the leader has an agreement with you
for investigations there's actually a
treaty that specifically mentions that
you can talk to them and you can ask for
this the treaty says we can ask for
investigations if you have a treaty with
another country and it says you can do
something would your first offer be
we're gonna bribe you
for it would that be your first offer
never there's no scenario that's
realistic in which President Trump's
first conversation with Ukraine is we're
gonna give you something for this not in
a million years and why is this the
first time you're thinking of it why did
it take me months to realize that he
would never offer something when he had
every right to get it for free every
right to ask for it for free that's what
the treaty is the treaty says you can go
ask for this for free do you think Trump
is going to enter in negotiation where
there's a written treaty that says you
can get this for free and he's not going
to ask for it for free so when when
Trump said to Sunland no quid pro quo he
needs to do the right thing it's because
there's a treaty and it is the right
thing in no world does Trump give
something away for nothing what's what's
one of the biggest complaints people
make about Trump's history one of the
biggest complaints is that he doesn't
pay his vendors he doesn't pay people he
delays payment where else has the
president delayed payment everywhere
everywhere does any question every
single payment now how could it be true
that it looks like a quid pro quo to his
entire staff at the same time the
president is saying no do not offer
something in return
I can't be more clear about that do not
offer something in return
makes perfect sense that the president
had that mindset now let me remind you
that there all of the evidence we've
seen that it was quid pro quo comes from
people's assumptions every single person
who's asked what's your evidence of
when pro quo has either an assumption or
they talked to Rudy who is not the
president and Rudy you know why ever
Rudy says you don't know that that came
from the president or not
Rudy had a job that Rudy was doing it
the way a lawyer does a job is that
exactly what the president asked him to
do or is just how really does the job so
imagine you're in a court case you've
been accused of something all right so
you've been accused of a crime and you
have 10 pieces of evidence against you
and one on your side there's only one
thing on your side but there's 10 pieces
of evidence against you and then then
you present it to the jury all all of
the evidence against you all 10 of it
from different witnesses etc is based on
their own presumption according to them
and the one thing that's on your side is
the one piece of direct evidence there's
only one piece of direct evidence
President Trump what do you want out of
Ukraine no quid pro quo direct and I
believe nobody's questioned this because
Sunland was the kind of witness that you
can't even tell what sign he's on right
because it felt like he was playing both
sides so you wouldn't even automatically
say well whatever he says is not likely
to be true it really looked like Sunland
was playing you straight to me I took
Sunland as a completely credible witness
even if I didn't like what he was saying
so the the mere fact that the one piece
of evidence you can rely on the one
direct piece of evidence about the
president's state of mind said no no
quid pro quo as clearly as you could
possibly say so you want to be in a
position that the president's and where
there's only one piece of evidence you
can rely on and it's totally exculpatory
now does that mean there was
quid pro quo nope doesn't mean that it
does not mean there was no quid pro quo
it does mean the president said it in
clear words don't go asking for
something in return that's clear but
because he's the president as everybody
will point out there's no such thing as
no quid pro quo that's not a thing just
because you're dealing with the
President of the United States you need
him if you're not making him happy it's
going to be a problem all right but
there is a difference between simply
existing as a president in which people
treat you a certain way you have a right
to exist you have a right to have a
conversation the sort of your job as
president the fact that other people are
interpreting that as a quid pro quo is
not really your fault it's just sort of
who you are it's your job if you're in
the office of the president doesn't
matter if you're Hillary or your Trump
that doesn't matter everybody's going to
treat you as an implied quid pro quo it
does matter if you said it directly that
would be a little bribe but he didn't he
said the opposite directly so there's
certainly no crime about having an
applied two quid pro quo is it possible
that Rudy oversold the quid pro quo part
yeah it's possible but that would not be
the president's problem is it possible
that aid was being withheld in any way
because of the Ukraine's Ukrainians not
doing what the president wanted them to
do yes yes that is possible but is it a
problem is it impeachable well here's
the thing
Ukraine was massively corrupt and the
president wanted to know before he
dumped his money there do we have
somebody we can rely on who is genuinely
looking into
what would be one way to know if
Solinsky was serious about corruption
there's one way to know if he looks at
the verismo situation and the other
stuff the CrowdStrike probably wasn't
real but worth asking about you know the
the only thing you would expect Ukraine
would just say well the CrowdStrike
thing is nothing but let me tell you the
own let's look into Perez mo a little
bit because there's something there and
obviously the Biden connection is
something worth looking at and
apparently there are a number of
situations in which Ukraine officials
did try to interfere with the election
we know that as fact because they wrote
articles and stuff so it's a part of the
public record that some members of the
Ukrainian government tried to influence
the 2016 election which is different
from saying that Ukraine tried to do it
there are individuals who tried to do so
give it all that if the president knows
about one specific thing that looks
corrupt to him which is the bir isthmus
situation and maybe the election
interference and the president asks
would no quid pro quo
can you look into this now let's say the
president doesn't get the answer that he
wants what would that tell the president
about how reliable Ukraine is as a an
anti-corruption fighting regime as a
proxy for whether the zolensky is a
reliable corruption fighter Trump tested
him with some things he knows about or
wants to know about you know tell me
about Brisbane look into it looking to
Biden look into the election if zalenski
wouldn't even do that could you trust
him to be looking into any other
corruption no right you wouldn't
if you won't look into the thing that
you know is suspicious why would you
expect him to look into anything else
and so here's another point you've never
heard before the whatever Trump was
asking for in terms of investigation in
Ukraine served as a proxy for whether
Ukraine was a legitimate dependable
partner so it would be entirely
appropriate for the president to say
let's just wait for a positive signal
that corruption is on the downswing
and that we can trust them with our
money one way you get a positive signal
about corruption in general is if you
put out a specific request and it got
handled responsibly that would tell you
that corruption in general is probably
something that this new president in
Ukraine is serious about so would it be
appropriate for the president to hold
off until he had a positive sign that
Ukraine wasn't going to just steal the
money and go away like the last time
totally reasonable and that his request
would access act as a proxy to tell you
if Ukraine is serious just in general if
they don't do this little thing are they
going to do the big stuff the hard stuff
it was reasonable all right so I don't
think there's any chance that Trump will
get removed from office from all this I
think it will lead to a landslide
I love new nez's are you watching new
news when he does his introductory his
introductory statements before each of
the days of testimony it's really good
so Anubis is just killing it because the
way he's playing it is that it's not
serious should not be taken serious by
the audience should not be taken serious
by any seriously by anybody there and
that it's just theater and it's just
ridiculous politics
and he's doing a really good job because
his little clips you know are gonna be
taken out of context and promoted and
people are gonna see that a lot so I
think and then if you missed
if you missed his play right before I
came on so just a minute before I came
on there was a dr. hill was getting
ready to testify and her statement had
been read into the record I guess an
inter statement she said that the
Republicans I guess on the Intelligence
Committee that that they believed that
the only the only intellection
interference was from Ukraine and not
from Russia and all right so there's an
accusation there so that newness and his
and his group only believed that Ukraine
was responsible for election
interference and not Russia and and
dudas takes out this report this like
this thing that says you know it's
basically something all the Republicans
have signed off on this says yes Russia
interfered here are all the examples and
he just got this gigantic document and
if the end he goes will make a copy
available for for dr. hill and the other
one so that they have they have it to
refer to
ouch
basically anything else she said after
that point it's just gonna look like
 because he just eat not he
annihilated her before she opened her
mouth and I was looking under her face
as they're like handing her this
gigantic document that proves
conclusively and publicly that her main
belief was complete and I'm
just watching her face and she bad day
yeah I would never want to have that day
where you're sitting you're you getting
ready to testify and the very first
speaker just slaps you down so hard that
there's nothing you can say after that
that's gonna redeem you alright see you
then of course we have the two movies on
one screen situation and oh my god it's
so entertaining if you're still trying
to ignore if you're trying to ignore CNN
because you're mad at them you don't
like the way they cover things you are
missing a lot in terms of entertainment
and I mean that seriously you really
need to check the news on all your
sources to get an idea what's going on
if you're only watching you know news on
the right you don't know what the other
people are seeing and therefore you
don't know what's going on at all and
let me let me tell you how
now of course CNN and MSNBC are selling
this a sunland's testimony as well it's
all over we we've made our we've made
our point now and impeachment is on but
they used words like here are some of
the exact words on CNN's website that
tried to make Trump look guilty without
without was saying anything that's
actually like a fact that would show
that all right so they say it was
stunning
so yesterday's testimony was stunning
why mmm it the testimony tied the
decision to Trump it tied it to him
meaning what
what's that mean it was tied to him does
that mean that we have evidence that
Trump did something or did somebody else
imagine it was tied to him linked he was
linked to it he got linked to it but did
he get linked to Trump get linked to the
decision because of a fact or because
somebody said they imagined it they also
say it's an impeachment turning point in
what way and why why is it an
impeachment turning point as
anything that would turn anything
Sadler's testimony is quote among the
most significant to date okay it was
significant why it's stunning why it's
tied to it's linked to the president
based on so there's a lot of language oh
and it's also maybe a John Dean moment
so that's tying it to water to Watergate
to which I say maybe it's a John Dean
moment maybe it's not but why all the
reasons are left out this is where I'm
going here there's a lot of words that
make you sound pretty bad but it's not
actually directly tied to any reasons
killings and so I keep you know digging
down it's like well it's probably some
reasons and then you see the the clip
which I owe here's here's some more
things these are quotes from CNN's page
the the testimony goes right to the
heart of the issue of bribery okay what
does that mean that the testimony goes
right to the heart of the issue of
bribery as well as other potential high
crimes and misdemeanors if you read that
sentence would you say to yourself oh
there is now fact-based evidence that
the president was involved in bribery
and other high potential crimes or
misdemeanors you might get that
impression but that's not what sentences
the sentence says that the testimony
went to the heart of those things but
when it went to the heart what did you
find
doesn't say did did you go to the heart
of it and find there was nothing there
or did you go to the heart of it and
find there was something there and if
you did what was it there the testimony
was implicating the present hey you've
been implicated of what implicated of
what
the testimony disinterred the
foundations of trumps impeachment
defense how it's it's hilariously vague
so it's selling something hard but the
reasons are generally left out I was
talking about sunland his testimony
essentially offers Democrats a
validation for moving ahead with the
beach meant it offers them validation
how because why this is a seminal moment
in our investigation Schiff said why is
it a seminal movement moment because
Schiff got so excited he was leaking
seminal fluid is that why because he
doesn't say why somebody this is another
quote from CNN's website on the face of
it this was a disastrous day for Trump
on the face of it what about the facts
how did the facts do were the facts
creating a disastrous day for Trump or
was it only on the face of it and then
the CNN site is puzzled because they're
talking about this like it's
unbelievable yet the president declared
total victory in the face of factual
defeat so the president was factually
defeated what was the fact which fact
wasn't that defeated him was at the part
when Sunland said that all of the
evidence against the president was his
own presumption sunland's presumption
and the only evidence in favor of the
president was direct evidence that he
heard himself when he asked a direct
question of the president is that a
total a total defeat
that sounds like a total factual victory
to me am I am i hallucinating and they
also like to say that the Republic
Republicans pounced on stuff and they
seized things so this also from CNN the
president seized on the comment by
Sunland in which he said Trump told him
he didn't want a quid pro quo with
Ukraine they seized on that comment well
that's sort of the place you should
seize because that comment is a fact
that is completely it completely makes
the whole thing go away but but the way
CNN says it they seized on it like it
like it was something unimportant yeah
but we pounced on it so there's a lot of
seizing and pouncing going on which
minimizes the fact
oh no yeah there's this little fact that
they seized it they can't stop it they
they made that little fact seem like
more more than it was by seizing it and
pouncing on it all right
so so that's some of their weird
language I was writing down there's a
lot more of it alright I don't see the
slightest chance that Trump gets removed
from office there's nothing there that
would make any Republican change their
mind not even a little bit it looks
completely exculpatory to me like
completely it doesn't even look like a
gray area anymore
now this the guy whose testimony
testifying right now Holmes is also
testifying that it was his belief that
there was a quid pro quo but mostly that
comes from I think the way they're
connecting it is that Trump told people
to deal with Rudy and then Rudy I think
allegedly made it clear that you know to
get at any cooperation and get their
money and gonna be meeting and all that
that they that Ukraine had to play along
but if that's the best you got
good luck with that because I don't
think anybody is arguing nobody's
arguing there Rudy didn't push the
envelope I don't think anybody any
Republicans are saying oh everything
Rudy did was just what the president
wanted and totally appropriate Rudy's an
attorney
Rudy gets - rudy gets to try to kick
into every door that he can kick it the
attorney gets to push every button that
can be pushed he doesn't have the same
restrictions as a politician he's
fighting for his client
so if Rudy asks for some things that
maybe the president would not have asked
for still not illegal for the president
you know the client doesn't get blamed
for what the lawyer does all right
unless unless the client asked him to do
it specifically and that's not in
evidence but the main thing is it all
comes back to this yeah we and I get
kind of tricked into talking about the
quid pro quo stuff it's not relevant
the only question that's relevant and
you'll see I think you've noticed a few
people saying this I think I'm probably
the first person who said it that I
don't add but now you see a few more
people saying it that as long as the
president was asking questions which the
the voters and the citizens of the
United States also hadn't interested and
of course we had an interest in if Biden
had in the nefarious connections over
there now I'd be interested if it turned
out there were none and I would be
interested if it turned out there were
some I'm not personally aware of any
anything illegal by Joe Biden but I
certainly wanted to know so as long as
the president's asking questions that
the substantial number of citizens also
wanted the answer to that's that's the
end of the story he's just doing his job
the fact that it's also good for the
president not
everything the president does for the
country should by design also be good
for him politically you wouldn't want
the opposite would you would you ever
want the president's interests for his
own reelection to be disconnected from
the interests of the other citizens
you'd never want that you'd want it to
be connected and they were so no problem
with impeachment all right are we a
simulation I have more evidence that we
were a simulation and I like to update
this every now and then and the the
evidence that were were a software
simulation and not an original species
are that if you were if we were software
there are certain things we would expect
one is that we might experience
different realities why would why would
it be true if we were designed as
software why would it be true we would
experience different realities meaning
subjectively we're watching the news but
we're seeing two different worlds why
would that indicate we're software well
let me tell you it could be that we're
just faulty we evolved to be have bad
brains but if you were designing
software it would be too hard to make
every characters experience consistent
with every other characters experience
it would be too hard to program it so
you would take a shortcut and you would
make everybody have their own subjective
experience except for some your base
physics and in facts about the scenery
so so you would see you see the
programmer cut quarters because of
resource management to let people live
their own little truth so long as it
didn't violate any other facts that were
part of this simulation but here's my
new one oh you would also not be able to
see the simulation from the Alice
and sure enough you can't exceed this
the speed of light so we can never get
outside our universe and look down at it
and see what it's made of the other
thing is you can't tell what it's made
of if you were made of software you
wouldn't be able to use a microscope at
any level and look to see what you are
because at some point if you went down
down down down it just wouldn't make any
sense
it would just be zeros and ones but
here's my new one how do you explain
dark matter so apparently the universe
is 80-85 percent dark matter meaning all
the the empty spaces there's just
nothing there do you believe that you
can live in a in a reality in which 85%
of everything doesn't seem to exist what
does that sound like
sounds like software because you don't
build software that records or or takes
into account things that will never be
interacted with and all the stuff that's
between stuff the so-called dark matter
you can't interact with it so if we're
software it just wouldn't exist there
would just be some program rules about
how the things that do exist interact
and all the stuff in the middle just
would exist so that's the there's more
evidence that at least we're consistent
with how we would be designed were we
software all right I just like to throw
that in the at the end just looking at
your comments here's a little update I
am still being totally demonetised on
YouTube and one of the reasons that
YouTube could get away with it is cuz
nobody really cares you know you might
care a little bit but nobody really
cares about my monetization it's
nobody's gonna make a big deal about it
and there's no way for me to find out
what's going on but I'll tell you what's
going on
at least the observable part all of my
content is demonetised within seconds
long before any human could look at it
so we know that about some kind of an
algorithm or some kind of a list where
I'm automatically demonetised now in the
entire history of all of my videos that
are on YouTube have I ever said even one
thing that would be in even the
questionable category to be demonetised
mostly you know the answer to that right
not once not once if I ever cross the
line not with any of my videos not once
have I crossed the line into anything
that would even be ambiguously
cancelable nothing not even close so
what is that that puts me on the instant
de monetization list here's the
punchline each time we get demonetized
we immediately ask for a manual review
what do you think happens when we ask
for a manual review how often does it
get overturned and then roboticized
every time 90% of the time there were a
few exceptions and we don't know why
they were still demonetised but there
was no good reason for it so what a
human looks at it they agree there's
nothing there that would cause it to be
demonetised but here's the trick the
human opinion comes after all the
traffic has happened so even though it
gets re monetized pretty much every time
I make no money to speak of it's
essentially rounds to zero because they
may be way today
and all my videos that you know most of
the traffic happens on day one so
YouTube is just taking me ahead of the
game completely taking me out of the
game on the biggest platform that I
could have an influencer now
are you being trolled well maybe but so
that's going on so I wrote my book loser
to think which so far people are saying
is my best book and people are buying it
already for gifts people are buying
multiple copies people are buying the
hard copy and then they're also buying
the Kindle and also buy the audiobook
because they want to consume it in
different ways and have a permanent
record but also listen to it in the car
I've never seen that for any of my books
I've never seen so many people buying
multiple copies buying people are buying
it for everybody in their class
everybody in their organization so
apparently it's already a huge gift item
it would mean a lot to me if that book
did well that doesn't change my life but
it certainly makes it a lot more fun to
do this because at the moment well I'll
just say it directly at the moment it
costs me money to do this so right now I
you know have an assistant that I pay
for processing my videos and putting
them up on on YouTube and I pay my
assistant more than the tiny demon the
tiny monetization I get so I'm actually
paying to do this you get it for free
without commercials and I'm paying for
that so it would be great if people
bought my book because at least I would
feel that I'm not wasting my time you
know I'd like to feel that the market is
responding now of course I would also
like to think that the things I'm adding
to the universe are good with or without
compensation and fully worthy of putting
out there but unless the market responds
it's a little bit hard to imagine that
anybody cares
and so if loser think does well in sales
I'm gonna say okay people care so it's
still worth it for me to pay to do these
videos because people
yeah yeah that's the best way to find
out alright that's all for now I will
talk to you all later