[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams yeah yeah
somebody says they sense cussing today
well there would be cussing there would
be under normal circumstances but today
I'll be putting on the Pope at and
making some judgments so today will be a
more solemn affair but first we must
enjoy the simple pleasure of the
simultaneous sip it's coming up and all
you need is a cup of our glass a tanker
tells our sign that Kensie injector
flasks a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join them now hung for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine to the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous sipping that happens
now go ah let me start with a confession
already it's a medical confession last
night on periscope people asked me why I
kept whistling when I'm talking and
you're probably gonna hear it again
today and so many people mentioned it
and they were worried that I had asthma
wheeze or that I my nose was whistling
or something so let me tell you what it
was just to get it off of your mind okay
you will probably hear it again today I
was back on prednisone for last week or
so because of this sinus problem so it's
clears up my sinuses and what happens is
that my speech production changes
completely so the the process of
using speech which actually involves
your old craniums situation is a bit off
right now because I at the moment I'm
tapering off so last night people are
asking me on periscope
are you stoned what's wrong with you and
what was wrong with me is that I'm just
on the the tapering off part of the
prednisone when you're in the middle of
it it's sort of like a superpower it
just creates a it creates a just
incredible energy and focus and you know
you can you can just do anything you're
physically and mentally you're just
operating at about 30% better for about
a week so I used that time what I knew I
would be operating at a higher level to
get a bunch of stuff done so whenever
I've got a problem
I always say alright I got a problem I
have to stay home for a month or
whatever the problem is how can I make
something out of that and then you
figure out what can you do they wouldn't
have done before staying home for a
month so the prednisone I knew is going
to screw me up it basically turns you
into a different person for a while and
it's really freaky because you are a
different person I mean your personality
changes you know I warned a warrant
christina says she knows what's coming
you get more aggressive definitely more
aggressive I'll tell you the weirdest
thing about the prednisone you lose all
fear you don't realize it's gone until
one day you think to yourself huh when
was the last time I worried about
anything it's just gone all of your fear
now I'm not saying that you should take
it of course obviously yeah this is a
doctor prescribed drug it's and it's
pretty dangerous stuff if you take it
too long you get real real trouble but
the experience of taking it for a very
short time is really mind-altering
forever it's is mind-altering in the
sense that you get to experience living
in another person's life for a week
because you really do live in another
person's life and what you're yeah you
know what you're more angry but
afraid of anything so it's pretty
dangerous I mean it would be really easy
to imagine that you can get it in a
fight you know I probably wouldn't give
him the fight but it's easy to imagine
somebody could get in the fight like
that so I took advantage of it to do a
whole bunch of work that I wouldn't have
gotten done otherwise man was I
productive oh my god
the ability to focus incredible the
ability to work out incredible so you
know you saw my my photos in which I was
showing my you know my muscle growth
during the pandemic and some of that I
think is because it was easier to work
out you know just on the prednisone
anyway so if you hear that whistle it's
not my asthma it's just my speech
production is temporarily temporarily a
little weird let's talk about the news
an FBI director ray has launched an
internal review of Michael Flynn
investigation to which all of us said
what what are you kidding me that the
FBI director did not already have an
internal review of the Flynn situation
what does that it sounds like the news
that that you think you think couldn't
possibly be news when I read this I kept
I kept reading and thinking what what
did I just travel back to the past are
you telling me that ray didn't already
have an internal review who doesn't he
need to get fired just for that do you
have any confidence in director ray when
you find out that he just started a
review and where the hell has he been
shouldn't that guy be all over the news
and explaining stuff I feel like he's
got a lot to explain so he might have
perfectly good reasons for why he didn't
do it and one of those perfectly good
reasons might be that someone else was
doing it for him you know so maybe he
didn't need to do anything
if other people were doing the work you
know in Durham or somebody the IG so we
might have a good excuse but wouldn't
you like to hear it wouldn't you like
wouldn't you like to know why you waited
so I would say this gives me zero
confidence in the FBI now of course the
FBI had a credibility problem because of
everything from you know the fake Russia
collusion hoax etc but if you assume
that the biggest job of the director of
the FBI is to return them to credibility
could you say that the guy who's not
showing up on TV is doing that it feels
like he's not so I would say I would put
a question mark on that so I'm not going
to say he's doing a bad job or that he
needs to be fired but I can say that the
job he's done so far does not give me
confidence and I would think that would
be job one would be to give me
confidence and he just for myself don't
have it here's the most interesting data
that I would like to have about the
coronavirus that I don't think I'm going
to get but I really really want this
data so there's a story about a woman
who Chi hair
I think it Supercuts or someplace and
had cut 81 customers hairs after she had
symptoms now I don't know why she kept
cutting air when she had symptoms I
assume she needed the money which is
tragic in its own way but she caught 81
customers hair so they're they're doing
the contact tracing and they've
apparently she had really good records
so this is the interesting part so her
records were so good that people could
tell exactly who she spent however long
it takes to give a haircut 20 minutes
men's haircuts probably so let's say
even last maybe 15 20 minutes and so
they're eighty one of them now here's
the interesting part both the customers
and the person cut
the hair wore masks so you have the the
two things put together this is what
makes it interesting or the the current
working presumption subject to change of
course from the medical community is
that wearing masks seems to be the
number one thing that helps so so
they're wearing masks the number one
thing that helps but at the same time
the activity that they were involved in
which is close continuous contact of two
people is exactly the worse situation if
you're trying to avoid getting the
corona virus so you have the worse
situation protected by the best
protection and there are 81-81 examples
don't you want to know how many of those
eighty one got it that would tell you a
lot wouldn't it because we're making
decisions about opening retail we're
making Church decisions every other
cabinet decision wouldn't you really
really really really really really
really really really want to know how
many of those eighty one people caught
it I would say that should be a national
story that we should follow from
beginning to end you know to the extent
that privacy isn't an issue maybe it is
but we'd like to track it you know two
weeks from now can we go back two weeks
from now and and test every one of those
eighty one people now now of course it
gets confused by the fact that they
could be getting it from other sources
as well so maybe there's no way to test
it I guess you'd have to test them as
soon as possible and then yeah I don't
know maybe there's some way to tease out
the useful number from that all right so
I just want to talk about this again
because it was so much fun but giving
credit to gateway pundit who got it from
the safe PJ glad neck at the citizens
Free Press blog who found this obscure
little audio from a Michael Smerconish
program I don't know what it was in
which
Amy Klobuchar had mentioned that she
thinks her husband was on
hydroxychloroquine and he recovered from
the corona virus now that doesn't mean
the hydroxychloroquine saved him or made
a difference but the the awkwardness
that that puts her in is just sort of
wonderful because you know that she's
gonna be asked about it now let me take
a poll here so club a char of courses in
the news primarily because she's still
in the shortlist for maybe vice
presidential pick by Biden now do you
think there's anybody except calm lairs
it was on the shortlist anymore how many
people now believe that Carl Harris will
be the vice presidential pick for Biden
in the comments it will take a minute
for them to catch up to the two
real-time but watch the comments and see
how many of you think calmly Harris is
the likely vice presidential choice in
the comments go oh and I'll read them
off for those listening to it me yes me
me not yet
Harris yes me somebody says Stacy a
Draper's might no no I do me yes
Harris yes not me yes Harris or
Klobuchar there is no question now for
Harris I guess so yep of course yes yes
yes yes all right so you can see now the
trend let's at least know three-quarters
of you oh there's a few more knows
coming in oh I'm still getting some
notes on calmly alright so here's my
only point closer to maybe half yeah for
60% maybe say yes for a cobbler check
your opinion today compared to what it
was two years ago when I first started
saying that cobble Harris would be the
likely presidential candidate not the
vice presidential candidate but then I
updated it when she withdrew I updated
it to the idea issue would be Biden's a
vice presidential choice but really the
the real power behind the throne so it
essentially the candidate did you not
watch that go from the least likely
thing you ever thought would happen to
about sixty percent of you think it's a
lock
did you not watch that you know that
simulation conform to what I told you it
would do for two years youyou watched
reality slowly morph into the direction
I told you it was going to go now if I
miss this I'm gonna be really
disappointed and I think there's at
least a 50% chance that is not Harris
and the 50% chance is just the is just
that gigantic wild card that nobody
really is good at guessing vice
presidential picks it's it's just a
category of thing that's the hardest
thing in fact I've never gotten one
right in the past every time I've ever
tried to guess a vice presidential pick
I've gotten it wrong I think a hundred
percent of the time I've been wrong and
it's because they're they're their
selection looks pretty deeply into you
know governors and people in important
States and then there's the vetting and
you don't know what they found out about
any particular candidate so I in some
ways it's the the most opaque thing in
politics it's the thing you know the
least about before the actual pic
happens so I would say there's a 50%
chance I'm wrong but to get this close
and have a 50% chance of being right I
mean just my opinion it's 50% that's
kind of kind of weird isn't it it's kind
of weird you have to admit
cNN has effectively taken out Biden's me
too accuser did you know that did you
see all the news yesterday about Tara
Reed the accuser of Joe Biden no you
didn't hey you didn't see that because
the story just ward away do you know why
the story went away because you know and
killed it
so not just seeing that but the the
anti-trump are they they managed to look
into the accuser Tara Reed until they
found out there were some discrepancies
there was a little bit discrepancies in
her and your history it turns out that
at least this is the claim and the news
I don't have any independent information
about it apparently she had claimed that
she received a Bachelors of art degree
from Antioch University in Seattle but
the school tells CNN that she never
graduated from that University so so the
person that we would depend on for her
accurate accusation against Biden the
person we depend on to be credible
according to CNN lied about where she
got a degree in college now would you
believe anything else she said no
unfortunately no which doesn't mean it
didn't happen right I always have to
stop and make this distinction you can
be credible and and wrong and you could
be not credible at all and telling the
truth so those are still possible so I
like to make that distinction so I would
say that Tara Reed in my personal view
of things went from a hundred percent
credible when she first made the
accusation cuz she had some contemporary
contemporaneous reports where she'd
mentioned in there was her mom called in
to called in to the Larry King show
and you know it didn't look like she had
a reason to lie
exactly so I'm day one completely
credible but then you tell me that at
one point in her path she lied about
where she got her degree and I say to
myself that's not a normal lie that's a
little extra isn't it now again I'm
depending on CNN to be telling me the
truth because I don't want to throw this
poor woman under the bus if CNN has
given me fake news and what are the odds
that CNN gave me fake news pretty good
right
pretty good so let's lucilla say that
there might be more to this story about
the school it could be that she was you
know if it turns out that she was one
credit short and she claims she
graduated I'm not really gonna care
about that right I mean do you really
care if it turns out was she was one
credit short or something like that if
it turns out she was almost a graduate
or something like that you know would
you care too much not really you know
that I would say that would be close
enough if you tried to get a job and
your one credit short from your degree
and you claimed you got a degree does
anybody care yeah there's a little white
lie so we haven't heard her side if it
turns out that this is sort of a
harmless white lie the sort of thing
that people do on their resume then I
would judge it differently but if it
turned out that she just made up a
college and since she got a degree there
then I don't think you can believe
anything else she says are you with me
if it's true that she just made up a
college degree there's nothing else she
could ever say that you would ever find
credible again even if it's true it
might be true so I'm gonna give the play
of the week to see you then because they
actually they actually took her out they
actually looked into her until they took
her out and they did it looks like they
took this story right out of the news
so political play of the week see you
then
so you were we're still talking about
Biden and his his comment about I just
have to read that his claw it again
because it's so funny Biden said if you
have a problem figuring out whether
you're for me or Trump then you ain't
black now of course he's getting
criticized for everything you know the
the people on the right are entirely
illegitimately claiming that what he
meant as if we can read his mind
we can't that what he really meant is
that you know basically it's just
assumed that black people will vote for
Democrats no matter what they do they're
just taking it for granted now of course
nothing like that happened but that's
how it's being reported on the right
and if you buy into that interpretation
you really have to ask yourself you have
to ask yourself are you letting your own
team brainwash you now if you're doing
it for fun or for politics because you
just know it works like it is pretty
effective so if you're just doing it
because it works as long as you're self
aware that this is not a real story this
is a completely manufactured story this
is manufactured news usually it's
manufactured at CNN but sometimes
sometimes Fox News will manufacture a
little news and this is clearly
manufactured news in the sense that
there's certainly no evidence that what
Biden meant meaning his personal
feelings his internal unstated thoughts
were that blacks sort of were
automatically gonna vote Democrat just
because it was assumed and it's
automatic and they don't have to do
anything to earn it nothing like that
isn't evidence what is it evidence of
course is that Biden thinks they use a
better choice for the black community
and he was telling them that that's it
you just have a better choice there's no
story here whatsoever but of course
we're gonna look we're gonna look into
every every word choice and
people are saying hey are you pandering
because you said ain't did did lunch
bucket Joe saying ain't because he was
talking to a black audience and so he
was talking down he wasn't using his
regular vocabulary well how did he
answer the complaint when he was
challenged about it and asked to
apologize he did you know as a good
Democrat he apologized and then he said
he shouldn't have been cavalier about it
so the people who were who were saying
that Joe Biden was talking down and
reducing his vocabulary in an insulting
way as if he's being condescending to
the black community when he talks about
it that he pulls out cavalier I'll bet
about half of the people of this country
don't even know what that word means so
can you say that when Joe Biden is is
talking and obviously when he was
apologizing he was talking to the black
community as well as everybody else
but do you think you would use a word
like Cavalier I think the thing that you
could conclude is they just uses lots of
different words in different contexts
and it doesn't mean anything I think
that he definitely was trying to be
casual and funny when he said ain't I
don't think has anything to do with who
he was talking to I think he would have
said that to anybody he felt comfortable
with because it's just the thing it's
the thing people say if they say eight
when they're trying to emphasize the
thing it's just an emphasis word all
right so that story is you think it
would have no legs but then it does have
legs because part of what Biden claimed
was that the n-double-a-cp
had endorsed him it turns out that the
n-double-a-cp doesn't endorse anybody so
it's like not what they do
so they had to put out a statement that
says not only did we not endorse Biden
but we don't do that
[Laughter]
so that's funny you think this story
would just go away but it doesn't
alright let's talk about churches I'm
gonna put on my Pope hat here for a
moment because you know the president's
weighed in on the question of whether
churches are essential for those of you
are new to by periscopes I will give you
this context I'm very Pro religion very
very Pro religion but I'm not a believer
myself I'm Pro Logic Pro pro religion
for other people meaning that I observe
that other people find tremendous
benefit from living a religious inspired
life why would I want them not to have
that now of course you can make your
case for you know people misusing
anything whether it's a religion or it's
a gun people can misuse anything but a
tools a tool and people use it to great
effect in my opinion good for
civilization good for families good for
people so I'm all-pro religious I want
you to have as much as possible secondly
I'm Pro Constitution the Constitution is
very clear about your religious rights
your federal government your state
government nay none of your governments
can take away your religious right
that's pretty prominently written in
your constitution so is the President of
the United States right when he says
your religious institutions are
essential services let me check my
Constitution checking checking checking
Constitution looking for the exception
the virus exception to the Constitution
the part where the Constitution says you
have freedom of religion unless there's
a virus looking looking doesn't seem to
be here doesn't seem to be here
president I judge him to be a 100%
accurate 100% accurate you have a
constitutional right
- you're religious your religious
expression and your federal government
if they try to stop you I will join you
in fighting them Oh people are saying is
that a different opinion than I had
yesterday no no I'm not done
did you think I was done no so far I
have on my constitutional hat while
wearing my constitutional hat I agree
with the President and I agree with I
think every single one of you I'll bet
there's not one other person on here who
disagrees with what I just said but
that's my constitutional hat with if we
were only constitutional people we'd be
done but the entire context of the
conversation is your your soul your your
entire spiritual self your spiritual
life so there is at least one more hat I
have to put on wouldn't you say
I mean we're done with the
constitutional part that's long and big
ulis in my opinion there is no wiggle
room whatsoever constitutionally but we
want to be thorough and so we're gonna
put on the Pope at and give this a
second look and now from the perspective
of my I'm not sure I'm wearing this
right maybe it goes like this
anybody know how a pope hat goes on like
this there's a more like this giving the
straps I'd say it's more like now this
was like dog ears that were like this
like well anyway you get the idea so let
me let me take the Pope perspective and
I will I will take the the advice to
imagine what would Jesus do do you agree
that that's a fair standard because
whether you're Christian or whether
you're Muslim
you would recognize Jesus as a wise
figure and let's say let's say you know
you might view his his role in the
universe differently you know whether
you're Jewish or Muslim or Christian or
anything else but most people would
agree that there was probably an
historical figure at least and that he
had some good things to say so let's
take that approach and say to yourself
what would Jesus do
if Jesus knew that
churches were essential services would
Jesus say to you take off your masks go
to church sing as loudly as you want
would Jesus say that mmm no no my
judgment is that Jesus would not say
take off your mask go to church
pack it in tightly and sing as loudly as
you want I ruled that he would not say
that would Jesus say put on your masks
observe social distancing be smart I
think you might I think you might would
Jesus say you can get in your car and
stay in your car and have an outdoor
service in which your religious leader
is standing up there away from you and
your family that you've been quarantine
with and locked down with there in your
car and nobody else is in your car and
nobody else comes up to your car and you
don't even open your window if somebody
does would Jesus allow you to stay in
your car to go to church
mmm praying a little bit trying to get a
reading on this and something's coming
in getting something now yes yes you
would yes Jesus as it turns out from
best we know was not an idiot because
the people who say that you can't stay
in your own car with your family and
worship your God
are idiots they're not your leaders that
are not your religious leaders are not
your role models they're idiots they're
aliens Jesus was not an idiot
as best we understand so my ruling is
that Jesus is ruling would be maybe stay
in your car be smart but absolutely go
back to church so would Jesus agree with
president Trump well certainly would
agree on the going back to church but be
smart be smart people now let me let me
adjust and make em conform yesterday's
opinion this sounded different from this
one so if you heard me talking about it
yesterday here's the difference when I
was talking about it yesterday I was
making a bad assumption the assumption
being that people would just you know
sort of go back to church in the normal
way which of course seems like a bad
idea so if you're gonna try to take care
of your your fellow humans going back to
business as usual at the moment is a
terrible terrible idea but I don't think
anybody's going to do that the reality
is smart people are not going to do what
I just said go sit next to each other
without masks and sing out loud is
literally the very worst thing you could
do so church is open yes being dumb
about it no so don't be dumb about it
all right
Bret Stevens wrote or is it Stephan's I
think it's Stevens and New York Times
had an interesting article about Flynn
and it was interesting to see somebody
writing in the New York Times
very much being you know against the the
way Flynn was handled so to have
somebody come down unambiguously in the
New York Times against the way the
government handled the Flynn thing was
interesting
now of course he had to soften that
because it's the New York Times so he
had to put in there the well Trump did
the same thing and it was also bad and
it's a good thing he got he got
impeached because what he tried to do
with Biden and Ukraine was basically the
same thing which is used the organs of
government against a political opponent
to which I said my first thought was
okay that's I can see how you'd make
that analogy because in both cases it
appears to be the government using the
organs of government the power of
government and using that power against
a political opponent and I thought yeah
that does describe both situations that
does describe both situations but there
might be one difference I'm just put
this out there there's one slight
difference between the Flynn situation
and the the bite in Ukraine situation
maybe you know what it is can does it
stand out for you that one difference
Flynn was innocent that's a pretty big
difference Flynn didn't do anything he
was literally just showing up for work
and did his job that's it Flynn not only
just showed up for work and did his job
but he showed up early for work he
showed up early for work and did his job
and the organs of government were turned
against them is that exactly analogous
to hunter by them working for Marissa
and and whatever whatever problems that
buy cause for the person who might be
the next president of the United States
Joe Biden his father do we not think
that that's a at least a little worth
looking into
right and and secondly Flynn was
actually convicted the Flint was
convicted there's not even any kind of a
court case or anything against the
hunter Biden or Joe Biden there's no
kind of wheels of government working
against them it was simply an
investigation and here's the better
analogy if you want to compare the Flynn
situation to the Ukraine Biden situation
here's the right analogy if they had
looked into Flynn and said well it looks
like we didn't find anything and walked
away that would be the same because
looking into them is actually pretty
legitimate even if you tell me that they
didn't have enough reason to look into
Flynn I would say to myself well you
know it's not a perfect world if they
legitimately thought there was something
there and they legitimately looked into
it and they legitimately found out
fairly soon that there was nothing there
and they had legitimately walked away I
don't know that I would have much of a
problem with it at all if it given that
case it would look like a simple mistake
that was okay meaning that somebody
thought oh I think I see some signs that
this is worth looking into that's okay
you know that's seeing some signs to
look into something looking into it and
then finding out that the signs were
misleading well it's a mistake it's the
smallest one in the world it's what do
you expect people to be doing so I
thought it was clever for Brad Stevens
to make that analogy because if you
weren't very critical about it you would
fall into thinking yeah those are kind
of the same but there's a pretty big
difference between somebody who didn't
do anything and somebody who was taking
money for a barista for doing not much
of a job I just don't see those as the
same all right so here's so the story
about China
increasing its its pressure on Hong Kong
I have two feelings about it one is of
course you know I don't like the Chinese
government and what they're doing of
course is a human tragedy and I feel
great empathy for the people in Hong
Kong you know didn't deserve this and
it's not going to be good for them so
it's all bad on the other hand
it also can't be stopped there isn't any
future in which China doesn't have full
control over Hong Kong
that's really not there's no there's no
world in which that doesn't happen so I
have a different opinion about things
that can't be stopped which is I I try
not to worry about them too much we're
going to talk about the white board in a
moment I see you asking about it we'll
get to that all right Bill Maher's doing
some more mind-reading and you know I
always talk about the the sign for a
cognitive dissonance so cognitive
dissonance is when people's world
doesn't make sense but they need it too
so they paper it over with some weird
thinking that makes things that don't
make sense make sense and so that's how
you spot cognitive dissonance it's not
just a difference of opinion because
differences of opinion usually you can
trace back to oh you have a different
assumption than I do that's why your
opinion is different or you have
different facts or you have different
priorities so usually if it's just a
different opinion you can spot why but
sometimes there are just words that
don't even make any sense
and that's cognitive dissonance see if
you could just decide which one this is
from Bill Mara
he said quote just you I think you're
starting to Michael Moore i'ma show last
night and he said quote did just the
impeachment you know I mean if I could
do it over again I wouldn't because it
just emboldened him mark continued he's
talking about Trump just embolden him
now he can conduct this war on
accountability and nobody even it barely
made the papers I bet you people are
watching this and going wow I've never
heard that because the news is all about
covent now it's obviously correct that
the news is focusing on the covert stuff
and what I have seen a lot it seems like
there's been a lot of coverage about the
firing of the the IG s etc
and but here's here's the part that I
question so bill Barr saying that the
impeachment emboldened Trump what what
is the logical connecting tissue between
the impeachment and an emboldened Trump
what is it about the impeachment that
logically would embolden someone does
anybody understand what that even means
because doesn't it sound like just two
words were put together right so that's
that's your side for a cognitive
dissonance cognitive dissonance would
have looked if it had done an actual
reason like a real reasonable reason it
would have looked more like this and
this is not real this is just an example
it would look more like this now that
he's been impeached he knows that the
Democrats wouldn't want to go through
that again and fail again because it
makes him look bad so he's got a little
freedom because it's less likely he'll
be impeached a second time because he
can't be any more impeached than he is
so if he said something like that I
would have said okay you know maybe I
agree or a don't agree but at least I
see the connecting tissue but to simply
put it out there like you can see it too
well you can see it right the
impeachment in which he got impeached
and bolded him do you know what would
embolden me not being impeached you
could replace that impeached with not
impeached and you could say the same
sentence you know what emboldened the
president not being impeached it
embolden him do you know what embolden
the president getting impeached if you
can if you could put the opposite in the
sentence it doesn't really change it
because it didn't make any sense in the
first place it's a nonsense it's a
nonsense thought so it looks to me like
cognitive dissonance so of course we
cannot know the internal thoughts of
strangers so we can't know that's true
we just know that it has all of these
signs of it so that's the only part we
can
here's a question for you can you trust
the news about coronavirus and vaccines
and therapeutics when the news business
is primarily funded by pharmaceutical
companies that would be not a real
question sort of a rhetorical question
we have a weird situation where the
biggest problem in the world is in the
topic of you know a virus and the
therapeutics and vaccines and nothing is
more important than getting accurate
information because it's such a big deal
if you get the wrong information you
know millions of people die if you get
the wrong information and our source of
information is the one source that's not
credible because the news business is
not credible under the the specific
situation that they're funded by the
people who have enormous financial
gained by things going their way yeah so
I would say that the news again
separating what is credible from what is
true I would say that the news business
is no longer credible on the specific
question of what vaccines or medicines
or or therapeutics work so let me let me
state that as a effect all donhad
alright so this is not this is beyond an
opinion I think this gets into just you
know reasonable observation that if
somebody makes a ton of money from
pharmaceuticals they're not a credible
source for your information about those
pharmaceuticals would we all agree on
that
the that's that feels like just a
statement of fact now again that doesn't
mean the news is wrong it doesn't mean
they're intentionally lying
it doesn't mean they've done anything it
just means you can't trust them so not
trusting them is different from saying
they've done something wrong they could
have done everything right but can you
trust them on this narrow question
of any kind of medication vaccine you
can't you can't now I don't think I'm
talking about you know the moon landing
conspiracy who shot JFK I'm not talking
crazy talk I'm talking about the the
most basic thing any business person
would say is true if you have a ton of
money riding on it not a little bit of
money we're not talking about a few
pennies we're talking about billions
possibly possibly trillions the the size
of this is actually in the trillions do
you think that you can trust news that's
funded by the people who could make
trillions
no no businessperson with any experience
would trust anything they say but
unfortunately we're going to anyway
because we're so used to trusting the
news you know the people on the right
are going to trust Fox News the people
on the left are gonna trust MSNBC and
CNN even though we know we shouldn't we
really really shouldn't can I give you
an example to make my case all right
here is what you should expect if the
pharmaceutical companies have corrupted
the news are you ready for this are you
ready to have your mind blown here it
comes one way you could tell not a
hundred percent but this would be a
strong indicator that your news has been
corrupted by the pharmaceutical industry
would be if if Fox News and CNN agreed
right if I can give you an example in
which Fox News and CNN agreed on a
pretty important story and let's say
that that story was about Trump right
let's say how often do CNN and Fox News
agree on how to frame a story about
Trump if they both framed it the same
way
would you say I think there's something
external happening here well let's take
a look let's look at the news today as
you know CNN has been reporting that the
hydroxychloroquine studies are actually
showing that the hydroxychloroquine the
so-called Trump pills if you could call
them that are actually deadly actually
deadly and and indeed there's been yet
another study yet another study is
showing that if you give the
hydroxychloroquine to people who were at
death's door more of them will die than
if you haven't given it to them
alright so CNN is reporting that that
more of them will die and what they
don't do on CNN is mentioned that if you
don't test it with the zinc I'm not sure
you've really tested the thing that has
the most promise because this is CNN's
trick and their viewers are not wise to
this trick but a lot of a lot of my
followers are which is they're really
four things that you could test in this
world now I'm throwing out I'm gonna
ignore the azithromycin from now just to
simplify because they're really three
things you could think about but just to
keep it simple the Hydra chloroquine
alone which if you give it to people who
are near death and those are the studies
that we keep seeing on CNN it's bad
doesn't seem to work now is this a
surprise given that we know that the
hydroxychloroquine can have some heart
issues with people who already have
heart issues
are the elderly people who are dying
from hydroxyl from coronavirus do they
have strong hearts probably not so I'm
not even a doctor but if you said to me
Scott do you think this is a good idea a
drug that you know it's a it's really
only risk factor seems to be if you've
got some heart issues should we give it
to a group of people who are at death's
door and have weak hearts I would say
you know if they're gonna die anyway
maybe you should test
you never know might work they did test
it and it didn't work are we surprised
well not really I mean it was worth
testing probably worth testing but not
surprised that it didn't work but where
are tests for the other categories and
where where is our test for the one that
has the most promise because the whole
point of the hydroxychloroquine we're
told is that it's a delivery system for
the zinc where's that have you seen this
test because CNN will tell you this has
been tested and therefore the president
is not doing something that's safe
that's what CNN says right go to Fox
news.com today and see what they say
about this same thing they say the
hydroxychloroquine in yet another study
shows it to be dangerous for people who
are desperately ill but then they say
and at least Fox News mentions that the
president is taking hydroxychloroquine
with zinc so let me ask you this are
these two different drugs is
hydroxychloroquine a different drug than
zinc and the answer is for marketing
purposes and the way our brain considers
them there are two separate drugs if you
take these at the same time does your
body know that you have two drugs or
does your body just know that there's
some new chemicals in it your body
doesn't know that's two drugs your body
says that's one drug right it doesn't
know you've combined two drugs that's
marketing
that's packaging this manufacturing
that's the way your brain holds things
it holds them as two different drugs but
your body doesn't know the difference
your body only got one drug it was a
combination of these two things so when
they say the president's taking this
drug that's killing people is that true
it is not true it is basically a lie
it is a lie if you leave your readers
the idea that the president who's taking
this drug which is a combination of two
things is the same as this drug which is
just one of those things when you know
anecdotally anecdotally we don't know
that's why you want to test it that it's
the combination that might be the
powerful part now so the point is Fox
News is misleading its readers the same
way the CNN is and they're both
misleading them in the same direction
which is to think that the
hydroxychloroquine wizzing is a bad idea
because something completely different
has been tested and not only was it
something different but the whole
presumption was it's a first symptom
drug to begin with and we haven't seen
this tested who's testing this so we get
the ones that fail first isn't that a
coincidence all the ones that fail are
the ones that are coming in first huh is
that because the ones that were the
least likely to work were also fully
funded maybe who knows so today there's
a news all right so that's your first
signal that the news is not giving you
real news on pharmaceuticals because
both Fox News and CNN are doing
something that's completely illegitimate
in my opinion treating the one drug like
it's the same as the combination of the
two drugs and I don't know any reason
you would do that other than to mislead
intentionally or unintentionally it's
clearly putting putting the readers off
the track
and moving them off the scent instead of
helping them understand what's going on
so I would say that's a pretty strong
indication that the news is no longer
credible when it comes to any kind of
pharmaceutical medical thing just to
make it fun just to put a bow on this do
you think this could get any better
oh it's getting better right now because
I'll bet you haven't heard
this news this news is hot-off-the-press
I just tweeted it like just before I got
up and let me read it to you it turns
out that in India which is what is what
is India famous for making the they're
the biggest manufacturer of a drug
what's that drug oh yeah
hydroxychloroquine okay so in the united
states the two big news organizations
left and right have weirdly and
uncharacteristically taken the same side
huh it's almost as if the
pharmaceuticals are influencing that but
let's look at India now India if you
imagine that the pharmaceuticals
influence their news what do you kind of
expect that the country that is the
number one producer of it even though
it's very cheap they produce a lot of it
so it must be a lot of money
hydroxychloroquine the main producer of
hydroxychloroquine if they were to test
hydroxychloroquine do you think that
they would get a good result or a bad
result without even knowing anything
about science without knowing anything
about medicine would the people who make
a fortune producing this chemical more
likely telling you it works
let's read today's news according to
this is news from india the premier
health body so their big health body
looked at three different studies now
when i say study is i don't mean there
were drug trials there were studies of
looking at what what happened when
different groups were given
hydroxychloroquine for a prophylactics
prophylaxis meaning preventative
according to india there are three
separate studies they show very strongly
that the and again it's a retrospective
study it's not as reliable as like a
control study so the first thing you
need to know is this is not a confirmed
clinical gold standard
you know fuchi level clinical style
clinical trial but it's three different
sets of data in which they have a lot of
data the data seems reliable far as we
could tell we don't know that seems
reliable and it all goes in the same
direction and apparently the people who
took hydroxychloroquine I guess it was
mostly frontline workers had way fewer
infections than the people who didn't so
in India the news is opposite of the
United States and coincidentally
coincidentally their pharmaceutical
financial incentive is also opposite of
the United States huh-huh is that a
coincidence is it a coincidence that
wherever the money leads you is where
the science ends up huh now that could
be a coincidence you actually can't rule
out coincidence can you you can't rule
out coincidence we live in the world
were coincidences are just rampant so it
could be that the Indians are all wrong
three separate studies and all three of
them were wrong could be now if somebody
says was it with zinc and the answer is
doesn't say so the the article doesn't
mention it one way or the other but if
you were taking hydroxychloroquine
preventatively and you were a frontline
health care worker would you not be
taking zinc right because zinc zinc is
sort of suggested that it might be
helpful no matter what it could be that
the zinc is the only thing that matters
but I could find that out in the future
too so do you think that the health care
professionals who have also heard what
you've heard that it's the combination
of the two that's good do you think they
weren't also taking a zinc supplement
probably they were probably they were
it's also possible that maybe they had
enough of zinc in them because they were
younger people and they weren't they
were unhealthy to begin with but here's
where I would be cautious all right
here's some caution for you what would
be different about the people who
voluntarily took hydroxychloroquine from
the / the people in India who had the
same opportunity and decided not to is
there anything that you could determine
about those two groups that would skew
your your results and the answer is yeah
yeah there is right the people who would
say I'm gonna I'm gonna do everything I
can to avoid coronavirus are the people
who are going to take a chance on this
drug is there anything about that
personality type that might protect them
yeah they're the ones who are extra
extra concerned the people who are most
concerned probably do a whole host of
things from washing their hands more you
know not touching their face they're
probably a whole bunch of things that
you do if you were if you're in the more
concerned at group so if what you heard
from this is hydroxychloroquine works
because India did three separate
retrospective tests and it looked like
there was a strong effect you didn't
hear me all right if that's what you got
out of this you didn't hear me
India has a gigantic financial incentive
and say this stuff works the United
States the news industry anyway as a
gigantic financial incentive probably to
say that it doesn't because there are so
many vaccines being worked on I would
imagine that just about all of the
people who have some connection to you
know advertising on the news they
probably all have at least one division
that's working on a vaccine or a
therapeutic and there's a lot of money
involved so I don't I wouldn't trust
anybody on the question of
hydroxychloroquine all right
he says it's basically free not why not
have it on the ready and the answer is
apparently we don't have enough of it
so there's actually a shortage of it
it's you can't say something is free at
the same time you said there's a
shortage of it because in a capitalist
system the the price of it in the
context of a shortage it should be
should be going up on the black market
pretty high alright I'm looking at your
comments here so there's a Peter Salk
article somebody sent to me can you
still hear my whistle
by the way I the whistle is being
produced in my teeth and mouth area so
don't worry about me having any kind of
medical problems shouldn't we all be
required to wear it goggles the answer
is no so people are asking if if you
should wear if you should wear a face
mask
why shouldn't you also wear goggles
because the medical experts are telling
us that your eyes and your mouth are
places where viruses can get in and the
answer is that you don't wear a mask to
keep viruses from getting in you wear a
mask because you might be asymptomatic
and to keep them from getting out your
mouth produces you know droplets your
shouldn't amount of your mouth your
eyeballs do not produce tears that are
shooting out of your eyes if you could
shoot tears out of your eyes just
walking around then you would have to
wear goggles too but as long as you're
shooting things out of your mouth but
not any of your eyes you a symptomatic
people are fine
alright so last night I had more of a
whistle I'm consciously trying to avoid
doing it so I'm I probably got it under
a little bit control
there should be no requirements all
these suggestions yeah yeah I don't know
you know I'm on the side that says
anything you do temporarily for the
purpose of medical should not be viewed
in the context of the Constitution
because everything we do medically is an
exception to the Constitution you know
not everything but you know we do lots
of medical things that if you are really
gonna look at them compared to the
Constitution you'd have some problems
you know for example people who are
considered not capable if you're if
you're a judged to be not mentally
competent you basically lose all your
constitutional rights shall be in the
Constitution the place where it says
being mentally incapable is where you
lose all of your rights as a citizen
it's not there so we we fairly routinely
make it non constitutional decisions for
the benefit of you know medical
necessity and trying to do the right
thing I mean nobody's being a dick for
just trying to do the right thing try to
keep people alive right nobody's trying
to violate your Constitution which
brings me to my final point you will see
especially on the right leaning media
that the the real purpose of this
shutdown is to train the citizens to put
up with anything and it's to exercise
control and it's all about people's
internal need for a control none of
that's real you should discount
everybody who tells you that they're
looking into the minds of strangers be
those strangers government governors or
pundits and they can see that on the
inside even though they're not saying it
and there's nothing in their philosophy
that would suggest that that internally
you can tell that the real plan is
they're globalist plan to squash the
human rights of people and
exert their control over them before
they take them to the gulags all right
in my opinion there's not one person on
the planet earth who is thinking along
those lines
none yeah I know the news on the right
likes to paint Whitmer
as somebody whose real goal her real
goal is power it's about something in
her personality can you see her
personality is that in evidence always
see is people making different decisions
that's all we know all we know is that
50 governor's made 50 slightly different
decisions as people do right so yeah and
you know Lightfoot and Chicago arresting
people do you think that do you think
that mayor's are arresting people to
satisfy their internal need for control
nothing like that's happening in my
opinion I hate to be the you know I hate
to be the bearer of good news but allow
me to be the bearer of good news we are
experiencing a one-in-a-lifetime
situation this is once ever I don't know
if you'll ever see this again and the
part that's the one sever not just the
fact that it's a virus the one sever
part is it we're all on the same side
once ever we're all on the same side
those mayor's who are making decisions
it's not because they're they're working
out with some kind of you know inner
turmoil with their their their emotional
state it's not some big global
conspiracy every mayor is just trying to
make this work they're just trying to
get to the other side of it with a good
result there's nobody there's nobody in
this story was a dick there's nobody in
here who's just trying to get one over
on people you know I refuse to believe
there's anybody that bad I do I just
refuse to believe it and now you could
say I'm being naive
but in order to make your point you'd
have to find at least one person ever
who is willing to say it out loud it's
like yeah you know I don't mind all
these people dying I don't mind the
economy being destroyed I just want a
little more control I need to control
the people I don't think it's a thing I
really don't so I I think you should
release on it and also I I think that
anybody who's telling you that they can
see it it's one thing to say I
speculative might exist but I have no
information that would confirm it or
even suggest it that would be fair I'd
accept that yeah I I believe it might
exist but there's no evidence of it
that'd be fair but if somebody says it's
obvious is clear I can see it I can see
their thoughts I know what they're
thinking it's part of their massive plan
for global domination you should
discount that person's opinion on
everything else they ever say for the
rest of your life that's it
that that is someone who's not really
dealing in the in the observable world
that you're living in somebody says it's
about corruption I don't know what that
means
what's that mean it's about corruption
exactly who's who is doing what to get
rich this I mean there's lots of
profiteering on supplies and stuff but
if you talk about the mayors and the
governor's are the mayors and the
governor's taking bribes to keep us
closed longer I all think so they might
take bribes to open us sooner but
nobody's taking a bribe to stay closed
are they I doubt it
so I've said this about the presidency
as well
I don't think somebody says the rostra
[Laughter]
funny that the Rothschilds somehow would
have something to gain by keeping the
the economy closed I don't think anybody
has anything to gain the the unique the
new unique characteristic of this is
that nobody can gain by doing it wrong
so you know we may have a different
opinion of what's the right way to do it
and how soon and you know this specific
technique but there's nobody nobody even
in the the wildest stretch of your
imagination
there's nobody in any elected office who
is gonna come out better by doing a
worse job nobody comes out ahead by
doing a worse job it's just it's just
not a thing
all right if a thousand wise men say a
foolish thing it is still a foolish
thing somebody says I suppose that's
true
somebody says the China deal led to the
plan Demick so somebody thinks that
there was a plan to stop the China trade
deal by by a plan Demick yeah somebody
says you are naive that's what people
say right before they get blocked block
there you don't have to worry about my
naivety anymore
problem solved all right so that's my
that's my show for today and I hope you
checked me out on locals where robots
read news as a comic quite often and a
lot of other material over there that
you don't see anywhere else that's all
for today and I will talk to you
tomorrow
well no actually tonight