[Music]
hey
everybody I thought I would uh hop on
here for a little quick lesson on
persuasion and I'm going to put it in
the context of coming up with a
linguistic killshot for religious
extremism something that could
potentially stop religious extremism no
matter which religion so I'm going to
teach you something something that would
work whether it's uh radical
Christian uh terrorism or radical
Islamic or radical any other religion so
it would be a universal killshot for any
religion that believes in some kind of a
single
God and I'm going to jump right into
it here's the linguistic killshot to
refer to people who are terrorists as
half
believers
half Believers the idea is to create a
frame that says that if you believe that
God wants you to do violent
things you're religious but you're only
halfway to where you want to be you're
halfway to understanding God I'm going
to put a little meat on this okay here's
what makes this powerful so here are
some of the elements and this will be
your little lesson on persuasion first
of all half believer is easy to
translate into every language it would
be difficult for me to come up with a an
English language killshot that would
work in another language but half is a
universal concept and believer is a
universal concept so it can be easily
translated into every language and would
have exactly the same meaning the other
thing that's good about it is that it's
Unique it has never been it has never
been used in this context quite like
this so if you used any word that
already had some baggage with it people
would Retreat to whatever they thought
about that word before this is a Donald
Trump trick you pick a a fresh uh insult
or or label that hasn't been used in
this context
before so you want it easy to translate
you also want it to be debatable that's
actually part of its strength not the
problem if people look at this and say
I'm not a half believer then you've
already done much of the work of
persuasion if somebody stops and argues
the point you're already winning so you
want them to say half ah I'm not a half
believer I'm a I'm 100% believer what is
it you what what what's the half that's
missing that's the
provocative conversational thing that
you build into it to make people unable
to go past it they're going to have to
stop and at least in their mind they're
going to argue whether half is a good
estimate of course they'll think it's
not but they'll imagine them AR
themselves arguing it with you until it
becomes something they think about more
the goal of persuasion in this context
is not to give them the logical argument
but to make them think about this more
than they think about other things
you're just trying to drive their
attention to it that's
it the other benefit is that it's self-
complimented
so if you let's say you were a member of
the church or a member of any other
religion and you're a leader you would
like to compliment Yourself by saying
that you're a True Believer but the
people who disagree with you and prefer
violence are not up to your level but
they're also not up to the level of all
the other people who are also not
killing anybody so it frames the it
frames the terrorists as the people who
need to learn it's a very powerful phras
framing all right um it also suggests
that perhaps inexperience is part of the
problem and here there's a clever uh
side benefit to doing that if you if you
suggest that in
experience is why you're only halfway to
being a proper believer then you're also
saying it might be something that is a
little more common with youth and that
as you get older and wiser you're less
likely to be a half believer and more
likely to be something like a True
Believer because you've learned over
time now that's powerful because
everybody at every age understands they
know more now than they used to know at
every age you understand that the people
who have lived longer have picked up a
few things all right now this can be
confirmed confirmed would be the wrong
word but part of the story would be have
you ever noticed that there are rarely
old
terrorists have you ever noticed that
there are rarely old terrorists now the
real reasons might be they get caught it
might have to do with you know violence
or something that young people do could
be lots of reasons for that it doesn't
matter how true it is or if you know the
real reason for it as soon as you put it
out there it's hard to forget so if you
said Ben there's a better part you never
see an old
terrorist unless they're getting
rich you do see old terrorist
leaders You could argue that the
Ayatollah is a is a leader of
terrorists and he's kind of getting rich
so you could say that being a half
believer is something that's common to
people who have not
matured and it's common to people who
pretend to be the leaders of the half
believers because they're they're
becoming rich but that it's rare to have
a half believer who's let's say over 40
it becomes more rare now this doesn't
have to be true we're not talking about
what's true we're not talking about
what's accurate we're talking about
things that once you hear them it's hard
to get it out of your head and they can
be influential over
time it is shameful to be religious and
commit your life to God and only be
halfway there it is shameful to be a
half believer so that part is good shame
is a very powerful force you don't want
people thinking wow the very best thing
I can do for my honor for my family is
to kill some people you want to create
the frame that being is shameful Not the
Killing part if you say that killing
people is shameful obviously that
doesn't work because we've been saying
this forever and it doesn't make any
difference but if you say that not
believing in God fully not going all the
way to understand that God doesn't want
you to kill is a higher level of
awareness and if you're not willing to
go all the way if you're only a half
believer you should be ashamed of that
God expects much more of you and expects
you to become a full believer whatever
ReliOn you're
in uh it also helps you think past the
sale which is a common persuasion
technique so if you're as I mentioned if
you're arguing whether that really is a
thing is it true that that describes a
half believer well if you're if you're
talking about it you're already thinking
past the sale that there is something
like a scale of belief so if you can get
people to accept uncritically that there
is such a thing as somebody who' be a
half believer and the only thing they're
arguing about is if it's them even if
this argument is only happening in their
mind that's good persuasion You' you've
got them past the point of believing
that this is an existing uh concept that
there are people who are on the scale in
different places that's an important
place to move them
to another part of the argument to again
just get people to to uh grapple with
the thought it's not trying to convince
them outright you're trying to make them
grapple with the thought and you say
what was there a time in human history
when perhaps God did approve of
violence and wouldn't that time have
been before the
internet why does that make sense and
again I'm not saying this is true or
logical or factual none of those things
matter this is just for persuasion so
you bring up the topic now that the
internet exists and we can communicate
our ideas instantly and everywhere is VI
Ence something that God would approve of
now that the internet
exists because if you trust your
God and you think your God has the right
answer and your version of that is the
right answer wouldn't you trust that the
message alone plus the internet would be
all the communication you need if you're
a real believer you just need the
internet if you're a half
believer then first of all you may not
compatible with God and second of all
the internet wouldn't work for you
you're just a half believer only a True
Believer could weaponize the internet in
terms of having your religion um be
accepted so the idea would be that
confidence in your God plus the internet
is stronger than violence it's stronger
than
bombs and so you want people to argue
this point you want them to say no no no
sometimes bombs are
better but you want them to at least
engage in this which is are bombs really
what the strongest most confident person
uses or is the strongest most confident
person the one who's a True Believer not
a half believer but a True Believer who
has confidence and really has God on
their side plus the
internet how is that not enough how is
that not enough seems like it'd enough
unless you're a half believer all right
so that's the basic idea is to create a
frame in which the uh the heads of all
the major religions could start
considering the people who believe in a
god of
peace they would be Believers but
anybody who's not there yet and still
thinks that the the god of old in the
age of the internet still wants to kill
people and that that's what God wants
you to do that they're only halfway
there they're probably young and they
probably have something to learn that is
my
suggestion for doing away with
radical uh religious
terrorism thoughts I will look at your
comments
now all right um as I'm looking at your
uh comments I'm going to
uh sign off here and wish you all a a
happy holiday and we're thinking about
the people in Sri Lanka and hoping that
nothing like that ever happens again but
that's a lot to hope for all right um
see kind of quiet about this idea and so
I will end it here and thanks for
joining
me