[Music]
hey Dale good morning come on in here
everybody
Andrew Jeff it's great to see all of you
and you know that this is the beginning
of a great day a great day and you know
it makes it great yes you do it's the
simultaneous up it makes everything
better so please prepare to join me in
the simultaneous if all you need is a
cover of our glasses time the chalice of
sanctity thermoplastic canteen the Grail
goblet a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
get ready for the dopamine head of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
the simultaneous it go oh it's better
every time I don't think that's an
exaggeration
hyperbole no it's actually better every
time alright so the news is just full of
news today there is so much news there's
news all over the place well before we
talk about that let's talk about my
amazing book loser thing which is number
one in some categories before it's even
available you can't even you can't even
read it yet but you can pre-order it
it's available November 5th audiobook
and Kindle and regular book and all that
I wrote a article for The Wall Street
Journal's you know when you when you're
out promoting a book sometimes people
will say hey you write an article for
our publication and we'll give you a
little attention for your book now if
you're right for The Wall Street Journal
you don't really get any attention for
your book all you get is at the end of
your article you get to say that you
wrote a book so writing for The Wall
Street Journal because they don't you
know then they're not going to
asked you to put a commercial in the
text of your article and reasonably and
that's a reasonable thing to not want it
doesn't do much to sell the book but I
thought it would be interesting for you
to see a preview of some of the types of
thinking in the book so The Wall Street
Journal is running that article today
and I wanted to give you a an update on
the graphic I told you that I did some
art for it and that there was a sort of
a complication and that was that since
it was about politics and it was two
characters talking by a problem I have
to give characters that are you know
it's gonna be in a colorized
presentation I had to give them an
ethnicity now that doesn't mean I'm
intentionally giving them an ethnicity
it means that however you draw them and
color them there's an implied gender and
implied ethnicity or at least a you know
general what's their kind of white
they're kind of brown they're kind of
something so what do you do because
there are two of them and I knew that if
I made them the same people say where's
your diversity man you know two white
dudes there's no diversity if I made one
white and one anything else
people say uh-uh why'd you make the
other one look dumb even if I didn't so
people would read into it whatever they
wanted to see so I couldn't make them
the same I couldn't make them different
so what do you do so I want to show you
my solution so this is actually the way
was wished I made let's see I might have
to change the let me change the
brightness on this I'll take it way down
then you'll be able to see it sort of I
made the characters grayscale so the
characters don't have any color at all
the only colors in the background so
they both have light gray hair and no
color whatsoever anywhere else now one
of the characters and this was just a
random difference
the smaller nose and one of them had a
larger nose it was only to make them
different because I wanted the reader to
say oh these are two different people
it's not the same person talking to and
then I realized that I couldn't do that
either
I couldn't have one character with the
small nose and one character with the
big nose you know why right because
somebody's gonna say oh the big nose is
obviously making fun of some ethnic
group or another no I just wanted them
to look different someone had a small
nose one that a bigger nose wasn't giant
nose but I actually adjusted it I took
the big nose down about 60% so that so
that they had closer to similar noses
anyway just so you probably saw that the
director of The Joker movie was also had
been the director of The Hangover movie
and and that director Todd Phillips I
think was saying they can't make
comedies anymore comedy movies because
people are too you know to to woke I
guess and here's a perfect example all I
wanted to do is draw this harmless
little comic in a major publication and
it was almost impossible I actually had
to use graphic trickery to even do it
that that's how dangerous the playing
field is now in Dilbert I don't have
that problem because Dilbert's been
around for 30 years so so people are
just used to the characters being the
characters some people are probably
concerned that it should have more
diversity the reason it doesn't have
diversity would you like to know do you
know why the Dilbert comic does not have
much diversity you know the shift the
intern was born in India but beyond that
there's no diversity that's
unfortunately intentional and I say
unfortunately because it's not my
preference my preference would be that
the comic looks like society but here's
the problem all of the Dilbert character
have flaws that's what makes them funny
you know Dilbert is nerdy and socially
awkward and Alice is angry Wally is lazy
and the boss is stupid and they've all
got they've all got something going on
that's a flaw so when I introduced I
shook the intern I had to give him a
flaw but since he was going to be the
only diverse character if I can say that
I had to give him a positive flaw so his
flaw is that just that he's young so he
hasn't had the experience of other
people it's not really a flaw to be
young I mean you could think of it that
way but it's a curable self curing flaw
because everybody has been young so the
worst flaw I could give to a person of
color character in the comic was one
that's just not so bad because everybody
goes through the phase of being young so
you can't make it interesting and also
make it humorous in the way that people
are flawed because it just wouldn't just
wouldn't sell in today's world all right
let's talk about all the things how many
of you saw my my whistleblower 3 video
did everybody see that so I posted a
whistleblower 3 video you really have to
see it I don't want to I don't want to
ruin it but it's got had two hundred and
eighty five thousand views or something
and one day that would be a lot and
apparently it's just tearing up the
internet now let me tell you the actual
reason I did that video the reason I did
the video is so that I would be labeled
whistleblower 3 do you see it yet
if I can get myself labeled
whistleblower 3 then the next
whistleblower after me and you know that
they're more lined up right it's it's
obviously an organized you know attempt
so you know there are more coming so the
next whistleblower what are you going to
call them because we have whistleblower
1 and we have whistleblower
if this video gets enough views
I'm Whistleblower three and every time
that anybody reports on it they're gonna
say we got a third well not technically
a third whistleblower what let's call it
whistleblower four please sort of the
only real third one but we don't want to
call that one that Adams did that's you
know so should we call it four or three
so that that's the the secret persuasive
clever part about it is not just that
the video is funny and people are people
are laughing and crying when they see it
but that it it actually will interfere
with the with the news so it's designed
to interfere with the news in a humorous
and maybe productive way speaking of the
news I think I we're watching the
Democrats start at least some of them
start to understand what's going on here
so Matt Taibbi I won't call him a
Democrat I'll just say that he's
typically not a supporter of President
Trump I don't know what he is
in terms of his politics but he is more
identified with the left and in Rolling
Stone
it was quite notable so Matt Taibbi if
you don't know him he's a very respected
writer one of the best probably one of
the best pure writers working in the
world and by that I mean just the
sentences and the thoughts there are
always a plus anything meant Taibbi
rights is worth reading and I wouldn't
say that about many people but in in
Rolling Stone he basically said that
this whistleblower doesn't look like a
whistleblower that it looks exactly like
an organized coup attempt now those are
my own words but I'm paraphrasing then
you say it's not a real whistleblower
it's an organized attempt to overthrow
the government about that
Bob Baer I believe eat better fact check
me on this but I think he called it a
palace coup now he didn't say it is a
palace kid who I think he said something
more like you know it's starting to look
like one or as the signs of a palace
coup or could be but just the fact that
a you know a frequent CNN guest who is
an expert on the intelligence agencies
looks at the situation remember he's an
expert and he's usually CNN's expert and
he said and he said it looks like a coup
attempt what so now you have two people
who have sort of broken with I'll say
the Democratic message now to be fair I
don't think either of those individuals
are much influenced by anybody's common
message there they seem to be free
thinkers you know by their nature that
my observation is that they do seem to
be independent thinkers Matt Taibbi and
Bob Baer so when you see them saying
independently it looks like a palace
coup well what do you think because it
looks like to me it looks like a coup
like an actual legitimate organized
effort to overthrow the government
that's what it looks like to me and I'm
not there's no hyperbole here this looks
like a civil war without the shooting
and I would say again that I don't
expect there will ever be any shooting
in terms of us you know any kind of a
widespread civil war but it's certainly
a coup and we're watching it play out in
slow motion as if it's not happening
with our our collective grasp on what is
real and what is not real is so weak
right now that we actually are watching
a coup attempt in progress and we're not
really sure
well I'm maybe it's a good thing maybe
it's a coup attempt but yeah reality
just stopped working so people have
retreated to their hallucinations so
here's what I wrote in The Wall Street
Journal so I'll give you I'll give you
one paragraph and The Wall Street
Journal article
it's there's a paywall but many of you
have a subscription so you can go see it
but here's what eyes that I said all
sides can agree that mr. Trump was and
by the way in The Wall Street Journal
there style guide is to call Trump mr.
Trump so after I think after you've
referred to him as the president once
you can call him mr. Trump after that so
I said in my article all sides can agree
that mr. Trump was serving his own
reelection interests by asking Ukraine
to investigate mr. Biden so wouldn't you
say that was true wouldn't both sides
agree that has serves mr. Trump's
re-election interests to ask Ukraine to
investigate by them we'd all agree
that's true right it helps his
reelection campaign I don't think
anybody's arguing about that here's the
second part but we also agree our
political system allows that right our
system is designed to allow our
politicians to act right in front of us
in a way that's good for their election
we encourage that that's how the system
works so so far that's not a problem
but we allow we allow people to pursue
their re-election so long as you're
doing it as I said so long as the
president is also clearly pursuing the
national interest so as long as he's
doing something that's good for the
country it doesn't matter that it's good
for his reelection that's what we want
that's what we expect and the system is
designed to encourage it do more of that
stuff that gets you elected mr.
president do more of it because he can't
do it in with people watching unless
it's a good thing
so then I here's here's the kill shot
here so I said that before the
Democratic primary would it be good for
the country to know more about Joe
Biden's relationship with Ukraine is the
country better off knowing the nature of
the relationship before the Democrats
decide where their nominee is because
what if there's nothing there don't the
Democrats want to know that what if
there's something there don't the
Democrats want to know that because the
last thing the Democrats would want
here's how I finish it up
I said Democrats who should appreciate
finding out Tsun Tsun being the
operative word here because they got a
primary folk they'd want to know soon if
there's anything of concern regarding
the Biden's and Ukraine because I assume
they don't want to go into the general
election with a candidate you have some
surprises in his Ukrainian closet if
you're a Democrat did you want to go
into the general election with Biden as
your candidate with some things we don't
quite know about the Ukraine do they
want that I'm pretty sure both sides
want to know what went on and it also
would be very nearly the president's
highest priority what would be the
president's highest priority other than
finding out if the guy who's pulling
number one for President of the United
States Biden finding out if that guy as
the conflict of interest which on the
surface seemed obvious to me it seems
obvious that if your son is making a lot
of money from a country you're not going
to go hard at the country that's paying
your son am I wrong that you don't need
to dig into any kind of secret quid pro
quos or you don't even need to know
about prosecutors being fired you don't
need to know about any of that all you
have to know is that his son is making a
ton of money and you couldn't really
expect that if Biden was president he
would act against the interests of his
own son you wouldn't expect that so
certainly the Democrats would want to
that situation totally vetted so they
know they've got a clean candidate going
into the general election so here all
the things we know did chunk do it
because it's good for his reelection
probably I don't we all assume that to
be true that he he tried to get
Ukraine's help because it would help him
get reelected it also happened to be one
of the top priorities for both Democrats
and Republicans in this country so he
pursued his job to do those things the
other thing I said in the article is
that anybody who says that they
shouldn't have been the president's
conversation that should have happened
to some kind of lower working level if
we wanted to do an investigation you do
with investigators you don't do it with
the president to which I say that sounds
like something that somebody would say
if they had no experience
anybody with experience will agree with
what I'm gonna say right now you really
can't get lower-level people in two
different organizations to work with
each other until the bosses have talked
and agreed what's going on until the
bosses talk in this case president
trompin zalenski is less key is less key
in the Ukraine until they talk there was
no lower level thing that was gonna work
because they're just like every other
organization the lower level people
don't do anything until the bosses agree
so given that we have a treaty with
Ukraine about sharing information given
that the president released the
transcript had lots of witnesses was
pursuing his his job and so I said that
in the column and I want to give you one
of the NPC responses to it NPCs as you
know are non player characters in a
video game people who seem to be
interacting with your environment but
for reasons that you don't quite
understand they don't seem to have
actual brains now I'm not saying they
don't have brains I'm saying that our
impression of them is that there's no
thought process going on I'm not saying
that they're thinking something
different I'm not saying that they're
just
agreeing with me I'm saying that there
doesn't seem to be something that looks
like a thought process somebody's asking
where the column is it's in the Wall
Street Journal today so just Google my
name and Wall Street Journal it'll pop
right up so here's here's an opinion
that was written to my article in The
Wall Street Journal today and look for
any signs of thought okay here's what
this person says it is truly pitiful to
witness the rhetorical contortions some
employ referring to me in defense of the
indefensible is there anything there the
sentence doesn't have anything in it
I'll read it again
it is truly pitiful to witness the
rhetorical contortions some employ in
defense of the indefensible there's
nothing there here's another here's the
next sentence so I will restate what the
whistleblower and the White House
transcript demonstrate Trump attempted
to extort and notice how NPCs will just
insert words that don't that are not
demonstrated as if it's just reality
so it's an extortion attempt the
Ukrainian government to damage his main
reelection opponent and then here's the
fun fun part he finishes is comment by
saying full stop end of story
what if I taught you about people who
say full stop end of story those people
know they that they haven't made a point
people would make a point just make
their point people who have an argument
give you their argument people don't
have an argument just state that
something's true and say full stop and
the stories that's MPC talk so there you
go that's why part of that I was just
watching Van Jones a little clip of Van
Jones you know asking both sides to be
reasonable and you know try to protect
the system so Van Jones has a lot of
credibility in terms of he has been able
to work with both sides and he does him
legitimately interested in some kind of
middle ground on a lot of stuff but he
also called out Trump saying in public
that China should investigate Biden now
how can you go on television you know be
a be a modern you know informed watcher
of the news how can you go on television
and say that you thought that was
serious how many people thought that
China was listening to the president say
a China should investigate Biden and
then China was gonna say you know we've
got this tensed trade war going on but I
think we'll will do a favor for the guy
who's busting our balls is there even
one chance in the world the China was
going to listen to that say oh this
whole time we've been you know sort of
pushing against Trump and hoping he
doesn't get reelected because we'll get
a better deal with the Democrat but now
we'll because he said that will suddenly
change course and and try to tank his
opponent so that we'll have four more
years of the guy we can't get a deal
with is there any chance that China took
that seriously is there any chance the
Trump took it seriously as him I think
I'll say this in public and then China
will start investigating no no it was a
framing statement here's the framing the
framing is this I'm the president in the
United States if there's some kind of
you know high-level corruption thing
that's happening in another country I'm
gonna ask that country to look into it
so long as it has something to do with
the United States you know as long as
it's within his domain of interest he'll
ask anybody he'll last China he'll ask
Russia he'll ask Ukraine he's gonna do
it right in front of you as many times
as you need to until you realize that's
his job so say asking China to look into
it was essentially reframing the
situation as okay you all understand
this is my job
it's my job
to protect American elections if there's
a top polling candidate who might become
president and he's in the pocket of
China or he's in the pocket of Ukraine
don't you want to know Democrats
wouldn't the Democrats like to know that
before before election day of course
they do because it could take their kid
the day right out of the running of
course they want to know everybody wants
to know so there's that all right see
what else we got the weirdest thing
happened in the news recently which is
that CNN is reporting that Fox News has
diverse opinions just think how funny
that is CNN is reporting that a number
of the Fox News hosts are disagreeing
with each other about I think the
Ukraine call for example CNN is
reporting the Fox News is showing
diverse opinions like it's something
wrong is there anything CNN can do right
now I'll tell ya
do you have more more respect or less
respect for Fox News and knowing that
they're allowing on the air completely
opposing opinions on this Ukraine thing
well not last I don't have less respect
for them for allowing diverse opinions
because I don't think any of the people
with those opinions are lying you know I
think if Tucker or Shepard Smith or
anybody else if they say something
that's you know opposed to the
president's interest I don't think
they're lying does anybody think they're
lying no it's their opinion they could
be right they could be wrong they could
have different priorities but they're
not lying they certainly wouldn't tell
those lies on Fox News it's the last
place they'd lie it's their employer
and everybody would you know it would be
so obvious so it's weird it's like CNN's
doing a commercial for Fox News by
calling out the fact they have diverse
opinions it's the damnedest thing all
right there's a racist article in CNN
there was kind of mind-blowing it's it's
so casual and so racist that it that's
the shocking part is it's shocking that
it's just a casual article an opinion
piece in which it was of course using
that dumb Joker movie as as the key and
the CNN opinion piece by Jeff yang he
says quote the true appeal of the new
Joker movie lies in its invidious
validation of the white male resentment
that helped President Trump to power so
this guy's saying that the Joker movie
isn't an invidious I don't even know
what that frickin word means invidious
probably something bad I literally I've
never used that word have you ever used
the word invidious what the hell does
that mean so first of all learn to write
learn to write if there's anybody there
sex God's God's thought you're so
uneducated I know what that word means
well that's not what I'm talking about
if you're gonna write an article for the
public
don't say invidious now I didn't say
insidious I said it invidious is that
even a word madam invidious validation
of the white male resentment do you
think - Joker validates white male
resentment and I don't think anybody who
saw the movie thinks that but I mean
this just seems straight-up racist to me
that's how I took it
nothing but I also don't care too much
because yeah
I know what you want to talk about you
want to talk about Trump and the Kurds
don't you don't you so Sunday night
Trump apparently blindsided at the
Pentagon as it's been reported he
blindsided the Pentagon and announced
that the u.s. is going to pull out to
this strip of land on the edge of Syria
that's next to Turkey and let Turkey
control the so-called safe zone and
Turkey would then take responsibility
for all the Isis prisoners in that area
and the US would just say hey let's get
out none of our business anymore now
what the president wanted was some of
the European countries other countries
to take more of a role that doesn't seem
to be happening right away anyway
if it happens at all the criticism from
Lindsey Graham and others is that the
Kurds fought with us against Isis
they've been good allies to us very
effective and by pulling out we allow
turkey who regards those same curves as
terrorists because the curves have
territorial let's say
differences of opinion with Turkey so
they have a real beef with Turkey and
have have for a long time so the
Conservatives that Turkey is really
going to use this opportunity of our
withdrawal to go attack the Kurds and
kill them all now here's the first thing
I say the first thing you should know
about this story is what I wrote about
in a Wall Street Journal article that
came out today which is it's the fog of
war the first reports you get about this
just don't believe them just don't
believe them almost certainly there's
some context missing now if you look
real hard you'll see that there's
something about some US troops might
accompany the the Turkish troops so it
looks like there might be some kind of
embedded monitoring or maybe an embedded
you know set of eyes and ears that would
have some effect
keeping the Turkish military from moving
against the Kurds I would think now are
there any guarantees no is it dangerous
for the Kurds probably but this is a
serious adult decision this is one of
those adult decisions that you don't see
very often the Trump is really good you
know even though he can play the clown
to get attention and stuff like that
when it comes to a hard decision an
adult decision he's really good at it
even if you don't like what he decides
he makes tough decisions this was a
tough decision because she had to things
that can't go on one thing that can't go
on is that we just stay there forever
it's just it's just not our back yard
the other thing that can't go on is
leaving so you have two things that
can't work staying and leaving
neither than work absolutely complete
don't work so what do you do what do you
do if you have a situation where the
only two options don't work well if
you're Trump you shake the box and he
shook the hell out of this box because
he just said well we're pulling out I'm
sure there's more details that will come
out things that will help at least I
don't know if it's going to be a fig
leaf or it's gonna be real but there
will be something said in the coming 24
hours 48 hours that will tell you that
the Turkish attack and destruction of
the Kurds is not as clear-cut as the
first reports would have them so the
initial reports are oh my god we're
pulling out tomorrow turkey will just
destroy all the cards maybe I'm
certainly not gonna say that's not going
to happen I think that's a solid risk
okay I'm not going to say there's no
risk clearly that's a risk looks like a
big woman but it also changed the
variables and some of those variables
that might be changed is how we're
keeping an eye on the area
so if we're keeping an eye on it and and
Turkey knows that we will cut their
balls off if they take the church that
the Kurds out might be enough I mean
would would turkey take a chance of
going against the courage knowing that
the US would would move quite decisively
against them as they did I don't know
they might yes they know
yeah somebody says yes you can't say no
because it's a pretty high priority I
understand Turkey really really wants to
get rid of this Kurdish threat as they
see it so I would say that we should
wait for more information about what the
President or anybody involved in this is
planning in terms of how to keep the
Kurds safe and it better be good I think
we'd all agree with that right if the
President or anybody involved in this
has a plan for keeping the Kurds
relatively safe it better be a good plan
the I think the public requires that now
it might be that we need to work it out
as we go because these things are messy
we might need to figure it out as we go
but we better do it I don't think this
country would stand for less but here's
the big part of the story that I haven't
seen yet reported because we're all
focusing on the Kurds that were can
apparently part of this process is
turning over a large number of Isis
prisoners to Turkey so that we don't
have to pay for basically having a
permanent prison forever of all these
captured Isis people let me ask you this
what do you think is gonna happen to the
ISIS prisoners once turkey gets a hold
of them what do you think are we gonna
be watching that situation closely
probably not does Turkey want to spend
money forever to protect the people who
wanted to
kill them and enslave them probably not
does turkey have enough room and their
existing prisons to just you know pull
these Isis prisoners in there and say
yeah we got plenty of room
probably not my interpretation is that
Turkey is going to kill them all maybe
not tomorrow but I'm pretty sure they're
gonna disappear and I'm not sure I have
a problem with that can I say that can I
say that in public
it is genocide clearly because there's
some large number of prisoners be they
Isis or not and I'm pretty sure that
this will put in motion all of their
deaths sooner or later you know I think
Turkey might wait a year or something
but pretty sure you're not gonna find
those people again in five years
checking check back in five years
they'll be nobody there now here's what
I say if this had been something like a
normal war with normal sort of soldiers
I would say no way these are just
soldiers they it wasn't their fault they
just probably had to join the military
or else they would been shocked you
don't you don't round up the the losing
side soldiers and kill them you just
don't do that right and if somebody else
tries to do it you want to stop them but
that's not what's happening here
Isis is not a military in the
traditional military sense these are
people who wanted to torture kill or
rape and slave Turkey if Isis had its
way they would be enslaving the Turkish
population so if you've got somebody
who's your prisoner and they were trying
very hard to kill rape and enslave you
what is your obligation to them honestly
if turkey murders all of the Isis
prisoners I wouldn't have I wouldn't I
wouldn't say a peep now you could argue
uh
slippery slope blahblah yeah now really
not really killing mass murderers who
want to enslave you and rape your women
is not genocide that's just taking a
care of business of lowering your
expenses the only thing that the ISIS
prisoners can do of value from this
point on the only value they have to the
world is that once turkey gets rid of
them they can reduce their expenses
that's it yes that was my stomach
growling
so I don't know if we'll see any
attention on that but I think the ISIS
prisoners are all dead now the other
interesting part of this is the Pentagon
was quote blindsided by the announcement
are you concerned that the Pentagon
obviously the the most expert people
about this area in this situation are
you concerned that they were blindsided
I'm not I'm not concerned about that
here's why because of this whole deep
state situation and because of the
military-industrial complex I don't
trust the Pentagon I'm sorry I don't
trust them the Pentagon and our
intelligence services are not
trustworthy on this kind of question if
there's a reason we have there's a
reason we have a civilian even tried
this first he probably said his people
over and said talk to the Pentagon his
people over and said talk to the
Pentagon see if they can get on board
with this and then the Pentagon said no
the Pentagon unfortunately they are not
as credible as they should be
I hate to say that but if you were to
compare your civilian leader to your
military leader if they disagree you
know it would be one thing if they
disagreed militarily if there were a
military disagreement well you want to
go with the experts on that
this is not exactly a military decision
this is really very much a civilian
leadership decision and I would not be
surprised if this wasn't the very best
way to handle it by taking them out of
the loop now you know that the middle
you know that the Pentagon got plenty of
time to give their opinions don't you
you know that the military the Pentagon
has been giving their opinions on this
whole situation for however long that's
been going on so I don't think the White
House was uninformed about what the
experts wanted and why they wanted it
but it's up to the civilian government
and if the civilian government decides
to quote blindside the Pentagon because
the Pentagon isn't helping that's their
decision as Trump's less shrubs total
right he can blindside the Pentagon it
might just be the easiest way to do it
get it out in public before the Pentagon
can try to kill it it probably was the
best way to do it because we don't have
a government that you can trust to
support the civilian government the
civilian leaders and the way Trump
tweeted it he talks about the other
countries have to step up and we will
only fight wars or our benefit
you know his supporters love that and he
talks about the captured Isis fighters
in their quote neighborhood so he's
making a case that you can't be you
can't be thousands of miles away and try
to manage something in somebody else's
backyard you can do things temporarily
like go in and defeat Isis but you can't
stay there it's just not a stable
long-term situation so I think I don't
know I'm gonna wait 48 hours to find
there more about this situation but I'm
leaning toward he had two terrible
options and he chose one because he made
an adult decision and if the adult
decision says you can't manage something
in somebody else's backyard forever
that's not a bad it's not a bad decision
but we hope that they've done something
to protect the Kurds the Kurds are in
the way all right
Kanye West is back on the news gave
apparently he's decided that his music
from now on will be spiritual music
something like that because he's he's
having a great time apparently doing his
Sunday services with music and he's got
it I think he's got an album coming out
that might be that kind of music but he
said in public the other day you black
so you can't like Trump
it says funny when you read a quote from
Kanye because I'm about as far from
Kanye lingo as you can get so it sounds
funny coming out of my mouth but imagine
Kanye said this you black so you can't
like Trump I ain't never made a decision
only based on my color West said that's
a form of slavery mental slavery mental
slavery and then he said that the
Republicans freed the slaves talking
about you know Abraham Lincoln
I did not expect Kanye to come out in
favor of Trump again I didn't expect him
to do this again did you I thought I
thought he was just gonna sort of let
that go and move on to another face but
I just love the fact that nobody can
tell him what to say
and that if he's not supposed to say it
he's gonna say it three times hey Kanye
you're not allowed to say it what is it
that I'm not allowed to say that you
like Trump okay I love Trump I love
Trump I love Trump is that what I was
not supposed to say I love that about
him
I just absolutely love the fact that he
doesn't let anybody push him around I
love that I tweeted the other day that
that we must impeach president Trump's
were bringing unemployment to a 50-year
low because he only did it to get
reelected when will this
grifters start looking out for the
American people instead of just making
the economy strong and then the
president tweeted similarly asking if he
should be the president tweeted should
he be impeached for three point five
percent unemployment so I liked the fact
that he was thinking the same way all
right
looking at my notes oh so there's Glenn
Greenwald was tweeting about a Politico
article in 2017 that reported and
remember Politico again this right
they're not exactly pro Trump but a
20-17 they reported that Ukraine was
helping Hillary Clinton in her election
and gave lots of examples and apparently
Ukraine there are Ukrainians who admit
that was just the case
they sort of matter-of-factly
matter-of-factly sayeth so just think
about that Politico and 2017 reported
that Ukraine was helping Clinton in the
election I don't even remember seeing
that I don't even remember that story
biron New York is has an article in is
that that DC examiner The Examiner
Washington Examiner pointing out that
the so-called impeachment hearings are
private their secrets now what would
happen if the if the Democrats get a
bunch of secret testimony literally
secret we don't know what it was and
then they decide to a peach based on
secret testimony what the hell is that
think about it nobody you said the thing
I'm gonna say next
I don't think yet so I'll be right be
the first one to say it the Democrats
have painted themselves in a corner
because it's one thing to you know have
the vote or not have the vote with the
full house you know that would be
dangerous enough to vote to impeach
because the the voters might rebelled
against that
but what would the remoter x' do if they
decided to impeach based on secret
testimony wouldn't you expect that even
the democrats would jump ship at that
point if you're backing if you're
backing the team that wants to remove
your president based on secret testimony
you're not on the right team you you
don't have to know anything else about
policy use or personalities if you're
backing the secret testimony remove the
president team you're on the wrong team
and I think it doesn't take many
Democrats to have that feeling before
it's a landslide for for Trump so it's
happy it's having for a landslide
because the secrecy of those of the
hearings really makes it impossible to
vote to impeach doesn't even if even if
all they did was vote in the house and
then the Senate the Senate doesn't vote
that way yes he doesn't so the
president's not removed from office
but what would voters do in the general
election if the House voted to impeach
based on secret testimony I don't think
there could be anything dumber than that
that that would be like the dumbest
thing you could ever you could ever do
and it looks like they're doing that
they're actually doing the dumbest thing
speaking of dumb things
did you see Biden's latest campaign ad
that looks like it was put together by a
high school student who had not been
briefed on what a campaign ad is you
don't realize how good Trump's
communication group is with all of their
memes and funny things and videos and
you know clever tweets and provocative
tweets and all that you don't realize
how good Trump's team is until you see
what the other team does Biden is
leading in the polls and he can't put it
on a campaign ad that isn't incompetent
I mean just on the surface it's like you
look at it you go seriously and and I
don't say that from everybody who
competes with Trump
remember in 2016 I called out the best
add of the the whole campaign was Bernie
Sanders at the one in my opinion the one
where you know they're seeking America
and there's a Simon and Garfunkel music
and it's inspiring and young people are
you know rushing toward the scene I just
look great so I can certainly call out a
good video on the other team because
I've done it that video looked like a
high school production it first of all
the entire point of the video was that
Trump was in Biden's head and he was not
gonna let that happen
that's it that's why you're running for
president joe Bryden the reason that you
want to run for president is that Trump
is in your head that's it it was
terrible it didn't even give any reason
for him to be president or anything just
said Trump was in his head
who put that out all right so I think we
can all agree that Biden will not be the
nominee it's obvious that Bernie will be
sinking it looks like Elizabeth Warren
is climbing what will that do to the
Democrats oh here's where the fun starts
you've got people like Michael Moore and
apparently others who are already
begging for Michelle Obama to enter the
race that's right Michael Moore who
whether you agree with him or disagree
on his politics whether you agree or
disagree alright there's somebody here I
need to get rid of you to to to you
whether you agree or disagree goodbye
with Michael Moore you you probably do
agree that he has a clear-eyed view of
the public in other words Michael Moore
for anything you wouldn't say about him
you know and I know you have your
criticisms he does he did call out that
Trump was likely to win he does
understand that Midwest
and of you know their anger and their
angst and their problems and he does
seem to have a really good grasp on
everything from persuasion to politics
and he says Warren can win now as
Michael Moore tells you that he would
rather have and I'm gonna say something
insulting here but you this is not an
insult to now I'm not gonna say that I
was going to call him Michelle Obama
housewife is that an insult you decide I
don't mean it to be one it's not meant
to be an insult it's simply a factual
statement about what experience she has
which would be relevant for being the
president I believe she's a mom and
she's a you know an active spouse
partner she's an attorney she's
certainly has experience in terms of
being around politics and she's a great
public speaker she's a great personality
she's got charisma she is popular
there's a lot you can say it it's good
about Michelle Obama
you know you could make it if you
started the list of positive qualities
of Michelle Obama it would be pretty
long pretty long list but if she's your
best hope and when I say housewife
that's no insult because you know we
live in a world where sometimes a
woman's sometimes the man is taking
primary responsibility for the house the
kids you know the you know the the
lifestyle outside of the money-making
process somebody has to do that it's
important job I'm certainly not
minimizing that role hugely important
and by all by all accounts she was good
at it
probably good at a lot of things but if
that's your best chance for a president
it's also an author
and also an author so lots of good
qualities Michelle Obama
president you know even Hillary Clinton
had to run through Senate and Secretary
of State to to get up to speed so what
that tells me is that Warren is not
viable now I don't think there's any
chance that Michelle Obama's couldn't
jump in the race because she would just
get you visited and I think I think life
is better living with your retired
president husband making sure your kids
get you know all the all the good start
in life and all the good things she's
doing so I don't think there's any
chance that Michelle Obama's gonna get
in the race I also don't think there's
any chance that Hillary Clinton will get
in race I think the group that's in the
race is what she got
now let me ask you this if Biden has no
chance
Bernie has no chance and Elizabeth
Warren has no chance
according to Democrats who were smart
who is left Budaj edge how is Budaj edge
going to do with the black vote at the
moment not so good well if it's not
Budaj edge who's next
Harris
so we'll say now remember it was over a
year ago that I made the prediction in
the Harris is the one that the president
needs to worry about we could all agree
there's so far her performance as a
candidate has been just about the worst
I've ever seen probably you know I think
okay Biden's worse Biden might be the
worst I've ever seen but but Harris is
really bad at this however as I've said
many times all of Harris's problems are
easy to fix they're really easy to fix
she has the kind of problems you can fix
in one day you just have to work on a
little bit you know don't do your self
don't don't do the nervous laugh at your
own jokes fix your body language you
know just a few things and she would be
would be the I think that would make her
the Democratic candidate so we'll see if
that happens she's certainly smart
enough to make those changes she
certainly has heard the criticisms so
she knows what needs to change
so we'll see if she makes that
adjustment Harris won't get the white
vote somebody says well no I think I
think the Democrats just don't want to
have a candidate that they have a reason
to vote against so Harrison probably you
know she has some rough edges she has
plenty of things that people are gonna
object you but probably not enough of
those things that people will want to
vote against her if they're Democrats
and if they get all the Democrats that's
all they need somebody says why don't
they have any decent candidates well I
think the problem is that their party is
too divided with the aoc wing and Lee
and the traditional wing so the problem
is not the candidates the problem is
that the party split in two now you
could argue that trumpet did the same
thing to Republicans you could argue
that there was a time when Trump was
splitting the Republicans in half there
were the Trump Republicans and then the
never Trump rivers and they the neo-cons
and whatever but since then Trump pulled
them all together and he did it by
performance he did it by putting the
judges in by not starting wars by having
a strong economy cutting taxes so Trump
did the things they would bring the two
sides together and probably one of the
most successful persuasion jobs of all
time if you think about it um maybe
Reagan I'm not enough of a historian to
know but maybe Reagan did a similar
thing if somebody could help you out on
the on the details but I don't
necessarily think the Democrats have a
personality that could pull those two
sides together the way Trump could and
he's sort of a singer
personality you know people can't do
things just because he could do them he
can simply do things other people can't
do that's that was initially what made
him interesting to me all right I will
say again for anybody new my new book I
think is available for pre-order now go
to wherever you buy books and you can
see it the Amazon or other and if you
make this a best-seller which I'm hoping
you will you actually will change the
world that's the that's not actually an
overstatement if this book becomes a
best-seller it will make certain types
of arguments that you see all the time
mocked and of existence and I say in the
book that you can take a picture of any
page of the book and reproduce it put it
in your tweet and slam down somebody
who's not good at arguing all right
that's all I have for now I will talk to
you all later bye for now have a great
day
let me see if I can touch that button
okay bye now