good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
you'll be happy to know that my
emergency backup plan worked how does
that work well as you know every time I
take out this little sheet that has the
uh simultaneous sip written on it but do
I know myself I do know myself and I
know that one of these days I'm going to
mix up this sheet of paper that is
important to have every day
it's in my little drawer with these
other pieces of paper that I keep on my
desk and then I throw away when I'm done
and eventually knowing myself I will
throw away the important piece of paper
and then when the morning comes I'll
open the drawer and be very sad so you
know what I did about a year
ago I made two copies and I left them in
the drawer because I know eventually I'm
going to throw away the most important
copy in the world so so so I'm down to
one I must have thrown it away
yesterday but if you'd like to enjoy
this situation more than all that crap
you just heard all you need is a cup or
muger a glass a tanker gel D the canteen
juger flask a best of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
en join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous SE it happens
now
go
ah so
good yeah that's a good good idea I'll
take a picture of it right now cuz I'll
probably throw this one away as soon as
we're
done good
idea you know you know what's the other
thing I can do if I lose this piece of
paper do you know what my backup plan
is do you know what my backup plan is
that that's right it's WR on the
back that's my I've got at least two
backups going here at all times all
right let's talk about the news today I
start with a tip for handling dumb
trolls on social media would anybody
like another tip for handling dumb
trolls on social media I find that this
statement uh Works in most situations
where a troll engages you have you
noticed they like to ask a question and
the question is like so do you still
beat your wife you know they're all
questions where you can tell by the
nature of the question that they're not
real people who want to have a genuine
conversation and often their question
will be in the terms of what I call the
Absurd
absolute the Absurd absolute would be if
you said for example uh there's one dog
of breed that statistically bites people
more than another
breed some troll will come into your
timeline and say so all dogs are
dangerous
huh and you're thinking what do I do
with that so here's what you do with it
you respond ask better questions now I
gave you a ridiculous example so it's
obvious that's a bad question but you
would be amazed how many questions I get
per day to fall into the category of you
need to ask a better question I think
you could ask a better question than
that and it's it's amazingly disarming
because when you force somebody to ask a
better question it forces them to either
be absurd twice which is sort of
embarrassing or to realize or admit that
they're not a real person with a real
question try it it works I tried it
again this morning all right well Rasmus
and is asking some questions about what
Americans think about the potential for
war in the Middle East and what they
think about their
commander-in-chief
um 52% of people pulled uh these are
likely voters uh 52% that compared to
most recent presidents Biden is a weaker
commander-in-chief um yeah so they only
half think he's a weaker
commander-in-chief than
recently but how how many would you
guess let's see if you can get this
within four basis points I'm going to
give you a little because I know you're
good at guessing but you might this
one's a little bit harder So within four
basis points what percentage of people
do you think in this poll said that
Biden is a stronger commanderin-chief
than most recent
presidents you within
four within
four
come on I can't make this any easier
thank you it's 29 not
21 if we're 21 I would have made a
different hint but within four you
should that should have been the tip off
it was 29
29%
yes well 15% of the people said Biden
said about the same as recent president
as a military leader so 15% of people
who answer polls can't tell if the
president is alive or dead
no just kidding K Harris confirmed in an
interview that Joe Biden is very much
alive I was trying to think to myself
what is the last time a vice president
answered a major TV interview by stating
unambiguously that the president is
alive I feel like that's not necessary
with most
presidents do you remember anybody ever
saying is is Trump a lot alive I can't
tell if he's alive yes yes he's always
alive he looks alive every time you see
him Joe Biden he looks like you maybe
he's sort of in that gray area if you
know what I mean half half alive half
dead sort of
a sort of a schinger cat kind of a
president you you never really know if
he's there or not no way to
know I've noticed noted this before but
it's going to lead into something the uh
some study according to Pew 56% of young
liberal white women have diagn have been
diagnosed with mental
disorders
56% of the largest population of
democrat supporters is that true that
there are more single women sort of the
the group that seems to Wag the Dog
anyway that the majority of democrat
voters in the most I guess the group
that probably moves the average the
most are literally mentally
ill now why do we wake up every day and
and act like we're arguing
politics we're
not there's no politics involved we're
we're actually talking with mentally ill
people and we're pretending that they
have an opinion and it's is worthy of
debate and you know maybe we just
disagree with you no we don't sometimes
you just
crazy sometimes that's the whole story
and but we because we're we're used to
thinking it's politics we'll actually
debate it like it's something that you
should debate you don't debate
insanity and by the way
56% looks really
low and I mean that it does it it
genuinely looks low what would do you
say is the percentage of young white
women who have something that you would
call a ment Al disorder I feel it's
closer at
80% and I'm not saying that as an insult
I think there's something about the
world that makes a group of people who
would have been largely totally sane
maybe you know 50 years ago there is
something about the world that's driving
people crazy it's giving them mental
mental problems so I wouldn't blame the
people there's something about the world
in which they live that changed to make
people flip out
so there's
that
um so Bill Mah made an interesting point
which I will
emphasize he T he said uh he thinks that
the new speaker of the house uh Mike
Johnson uh is a religious fanatic so
this is what Bill Mah says when you're
this much of a religious fanatic there's
no room for real democracy again talking
about the new speaker of the house
that's not what you believe in he said
it today look in the Bible that's my
worldview mar said talking about Johnson
uh and he said quote and I was reading
about this horrible shooting in Maine
and you know we don't know much about
the guy yet but apparently he heard
voices and I thought is he that
different than Mike
Johnson whoa
whoa so in the Middle East there's a big
old war that might might drag us into a
World
War but does that boil down to uh two
groups who have a different
interpretation of what God is telling
them true or not true or false if you
would remove that element that two
people have a different opinion of what
God
wants now is Bill Maher completely wrong
when he says that in America we would
hunt this guy down and put him in jail
and over there they get to be the
bosses is that unfair it's terribly
unfair if you believe one of the
religions is accurate or
right now I'm not a Believer so I'm just
sort of an observer to the whole thing
but here's what I think I think that the
Middle East is two Mass hyst areas which
have overlapped and we'll spark
or so every time you think oh what's the
logical thing to do or why can't they
all get together and don't they know
it's better for the
children and all that stuff there's
nothing going on except two mass
hysterias that
overlapped if if I if either of them
were living apart from the other like a
long distance way it' probably be fine
it's just that their their opinions of
reality um overlap in other words
they're
incompatible so that means that we all
have to die I
guess so what would you define as a mass
hysteria I'll give you my working
definition which probably doesn't match
the
dictionary I believe that our little
brains are not capable of understanding
what's
real ever like I I don't know that I'm
really sitting here with a piece of
paper in my hand I really don't
you know when you come right down to it
that's just the impression that's
playing in my
head so I don't say it's not my belief
that one of the religions is right and
one of them is wrong I don't think that
and I don't think they're both wrong in
the normal sense of those words I think
that all of us are wrong all the
time and there's no option all of us are
wrong about everything all the time
that's my impression of reality so don't
for a minute think that I'm the one with
the accurate beliefs and I'm saying that
you don't have accurate beliefs that's
not happening I'm saying that the human
brain of which I have one is not the
right tool for understanding the nature
of reality it's just the wrong tool so
if you think it's the right tool you
might find yourself in a bad situation
so here's how I Define a mass
hysteria a mass hysteria is something
that a bunch of people have come to
believe and here's the part that I'm
adding that's different from a normal
interpretation that is bad for you so
I'm going to add the bad for you there
there are plenty of mass um mass
hysterias or Illusions which are not
painful and don't have a risk so what do
we call
those I don't know uh a peaceful
religion maybe you might say oh it's the
Buddhists if you were let's say a big
old racist you'd say oh it's a it's the
Mormons if you were a big old bigot
you'd say that you say well the well the
Mormons have a belief system which does
not seem to get them in any trouble
doesn't cause any wars and it seems to
make them happy they seem to live quite
well within that system so what would
you say of Mor ISM would you say it's
true how would I know it is no more or
less true than everything else so I used
to be when I was younger I was quite
judgy I'd say how can you believe in
that stuff CU I don't and then I'd
realize wait a minute what what standard
would I use to know that I see the
truth how do I know how could I possibly
know how there's no logic IC no facts
nothing I can research I have no
mechanism to know that the Mormons are
right or wrong or any more right or
wrong than Judaism
Buddhism you name it
atheism adism how how the hell would I
know what is true no way to
know but here's what I can tell fairly
easily there are some belief systems
that cause pain pain and death and
there's some that largely just people
stay to themselves and just do their
stuff and stay in trouble those are
really different so rather than to say
this group believes something that's not
true and I believe something that's true
that's the wrong frame that frame gets
you killed it would be better to say uh
I believe something that works it seems
to work it creates a system and a
standard and I like it it feels right
and it feels you know my whole body
likes it kids are growing up
well keep doing it if that's working
keep doing it don't look to me to tell
you whether it's true or false what do I
know how do I know I would never be able
to know I can't help you on that so if
it works keep doing
it that's about the best you can do you
know I often say that the only standard
for truth is does it predict
does it
predict so if you if you uh are raised
as a Mormon and decide to raise your kid
as a Mormon could you predict that that
would probably you know nothing's
guaranteed but probably produce a good
citizen yeah probably probably I would
think so if you were a uh Muslim in
America and you didn't have any
extremist views and you said I think
I'll raise my kid to be a Muslim
too is that a good strategy probably
probably if your interpretation is you
know let's get along with everybody you
know yes pretty good idea Christian same
thing right and I don't know Christian
Mormonism how you want to overlap those
that's up to
you but let's let's be very clear that
there are only things that seem to work
there they are not things that are true
or false we have belief and belief fills
in the gaps for things that can't be
known
and um if you've got a belief that's
working keep doing it and if it's
causing you to spark World War
III maybe consider alternatives don't
necessarily have to change your belief
but you might need to change something
to not
die here's how here's what I recommend
but not
really sometimes I recommend things just
so you have to think about
it and here's one I recommend recommend
instead of having a big old fight in the
Middle East that never ends and we're
all going to
die I recommend that instead there's a
televised Summit in which the major
religions put their leaders together and
they figure out what God really
wants cuz I'm spending my tax
money because two people I don't know
two two groups of people that mostly I
don't know I mean I know some people
from every Community but mostly people I
don't know can argue about what God has
in
mind why am I why am I spending money on
that well it's because if they can't
figure it out I'm going to die
you know and as well as people that I
care about would die so I don't want
that but I'm not not entirely
comfortable with two people interpreting
God differently and I've got to pay them
for it oh I better pay you because you
dis disagree about what God wants not
good enough not good
enough so we should we should make the
leaders sit in a room televised and they
need to argue with each other about why
they're belief in their interpretation
of what God wants in general I mean in
general not just about
you know Israel but a general com who
has the right God because if it turns
out that the uh that Hamas has a really
good
argument I'd love to hear it I I don't
think it's going to convince me to go
over to their side but don't you want to
see it in public here here's what that
would turn into here's my book and you
know God wrote it basically indirectly
so this is true and then the other side
says I will kill you here's my book that
somebody wrote that says is true and
then you then you have maybe 10 other
religions too and they all say well I
got a book here's my Book of
Mormon anybody anybody came right came
directly from God and then you just go
down in line and you find out while it's
televised that everybody's argument for
their version of
God is the same
that's
it that's that's how you deprogram the
world the way you deprogram the world is
to have everybody hold up their book and
say this is this is my proof because I
got a book and it came from
God that's
it and everybody's a tie you find it's
like a a 10-way tie wait wait you've got
a holy book too where did that Holy book
come from God duh you know I mean
indirectly he he told somebody to write
it but basically it's
God now here's the best you could do
with that outcome the best you could do
is teach people there's a difference
between what you know and what you
believe and that if you're dying for
what you believe instead of what you
know you're doing it
wrong you should die for what you know
like for example if I don't have
food I will die right you know that you
need to grow food that's something you
know all right or at least it's
predictable as as that quality of
prediction if I don't eat if I don't
grow food and I don't have food will I
live well the prediction is going to be
pretty clean so you need to make a clear
distinction between what can be
predicted which is close as you can get
to truth and what can't you know what
can't be
predicted the outcome of anything in the
Middle
East I mean you could
say uh Israel would do great damage to
Gaza and control it if they want to yeah
but then what happens nothing you don't
think there's any reaction you don't
think hezbo will make a move or if they
don't make a move now won't they build
up resources so they can make a move
later there's no way to know how turns
out so if one of you has the right God
you better start making a
prediction and here's what I would ask
them here's the deal the only way we can
tell what's true is is prediction so
each of you hold up your book and let's
get a picture of you holding up your
book that that's your argument for why
your God is the right one now make a
prediction tell it tell us what you
think the Middle East will look like in
five years or whatever and see which one
can predict now it might be easier for
uh the Hamas to predict because they'll
say in 10 years Israel will still be
abusing us and we'll still be fighting
for our rights well they might be right
about that at least the fighting for the
rights part the abuse part well we don't
have free speech so we can't talk about
that if we had free speech we'd have a
conversation that would look like this
hey this side does some things that by
any objective standard a reasonable
person would say hm that feels a little
like not too cool but then the other
side does some things that are also not
too cool and they're not equal they're
not doing the same things exactly but
maybe there's some not cool things on
both sides maybe if you fix the not cool
things you could all live in peace say
the stupidest people in the world by the
way what's the stupidest thing you could
ever believe about Israel how and
Hamas or even the Palestinians that they
could live in
peace that the the children on one side
have been
weaponized to believe that they have to
grow up and kill as many Israelis as
they can what are you going to do with
that are you going to work it out do do
a political political agreement no the
only way any of this could ever end
without complete disaster is to they'd
all decide they they believe in the same
God that's not going to
happen or they come to understand that
there's a difference between what's
real facts they can predict and what is
a
belief and the belief is also real but
it's a different kind of
real in other words you could really
believe it and it becomes the reality
that you
experience but he need needs to be in
its own category not in the category
where you have to kill each other so I
asked this question um so anyway that
that's a real suggestion is that there
should be a televised Summit in which
the religious people of all types argue
which God is the right
one we definitely should really really
do that now would anybody agree to do it
you know could you get the the pope to
pick a champion for example I mean
Catholicism just being one branch of
Christianity but could you get them to
pick a champion I think no I think
probably not do you know why do you know
why none of the major religious groups
would participate in a discussion of
what is
real well should be pretty obvious do I
have to explain
it because I know they can't defend it
the the whole point of belief is that
it's the part that you can't defend with
you know the the normal kind of Defense
that you defend things as in a court
case um
so if you can't work it out that way and
I expect nobody will be reasonable
enough to do that it's the only way you
could deprogram enough people but what
would you do about the fact that the
children uh in the Palestinian areas
appear to be and I'll take a fact check
on this if I'm wrong I'm wrong and I'll
I'll definitely apolog oliz and change
my opinion but isn't it true that
they're being taught from birth
practically that they need to you know
destroy Israel and kill all the Jews I'm
not making that up am
I now if the children are weaponized I'm
going to ask you the only question that
nobody else can say I'm going to say
something out loud that I don't think
anybody else could say honestly in the
whole world is immoral to kill children
who've been weaponized to grow grow up
and kill you and your
family is it
moral to intentionally kill children who
you know to have been weaponized to grow
up and kill you and your
family I'm looking at your answers I see
lots of
NOS I do see some yeses now I'm not
saying that it's
legal legal is different from immoral
right there there are some things
you know cuz you could argue that even
self-defense is immoral if you were a
real stickler for it CU it takes a
life well here's the thing that's the
question you're going to have to
decide you're going to have to decide
that because if you want to take a side
with you know Israel versus
Hamas the only way either of them would
Prevail is by killing the children of
the other side along with everybody else
now you could kill them or you could put
them in
camps or you could try to spread them
out so they don't cause too much trouble
because they're all spread out but
nobody wants
them so if you can't take them and put
them in other friendly countries that
will you know maybe help re-educate them
in a in a less dangerous way if that's
not an
option what are you going to do put them
in another outdoor
jail or kill them it looks like the
option is both right now what and you
say to yourself my God my God that's
terrible how can Israel intentionally
kill civilians especially including that
many children it's like half children
50% of gaz's children I don't know if
that's true in the bombing areas might
be more adults percentage in the bombing
areas is if they were smart enough to
get the kids out but in any
scenario either
either Israel does nothing and they
watch their own children being
slaughtered
again can they do that of course they
can't they cannot do that or they kill
all of the children of the
Palestinians which they can't do there's
there's no way that they're going to do
that or they kill a bunch of people and
put the rest in prison camps for the
rest of time and just keep them abused
what what's their best
play unfortunately that's their best
play do you have a better
idea let's talk about it again you
either let the people in Gaza get get
Diversified into other countries that
are friendly and want them and you know
maybe they can deprogram them or they're
not too dangerous you know if they're
not group together that doesn't seem to
be an option nobody wants them do do you
know why nobody wants them because it'
be too dangerous the children are
weaponized who wants a bunch of
weaponized children in their in their
boundaries so it's time to grow up
people you look at the options you
really have the options you really
have are to have a summit and you work
it
out seems impossible distribute people
to other countries not going to work do
sort of nothing and put you know Gaza
back together and rebuild it kids are
weaponized they come back and kill your
children that doesn't work never going
to
happen or Israel goes really really
tough and kills a bunch of people in
Gaza who don't want to leave the bombing
area which is not entirely their choice
but feels like it a little bit um and
puts them in camps and just leaves them
there until they stop
reproducing if if that happens I mean I
imagine they would still reproduce
anyway I mean you would almost have to
spike the water with um birth
control you you would have to almost
poison the prisoners with birth control
so they couldn't
reproduce what else would work so
basically every path is a war crime am I
right every path that's available is a
war crime in my opinion now if you're
saying Scott are you criticizing Israel
no no I'm not CU if you put me in their
position I'd be doing all kinds of war
crimes I'd be War criming all over the
place and I wouldn't even feel a little
bit bad about it honestly I wouldn't you
put yourself in their situation you'd be
War criming like crazy if it happened to
you you know you would so I'm not going
to judge them for doing exactly what I
would do in that situation how do you
judge that how how can I be judgy about
exactly what I would do in that
situation I can't not be honest about it
so I'm not going to get on Israel the
situation is the situation
but
um I'm not going to judge anybody for a
war crime when they have no
choice and if you think I'm going to
judge Israel if they wipe out every
child in the Palestinian organization
who had been weaponized to grow up and
kill them I would say that would be like
the worst thing ever heard of in my
entire life and
Justified and Justified morally not
legally I mean it would be a war crime
of all war crimes so I mean somebody
probably go to jail for that but you
tell me what's the alternative see the
the big question that everybody wants to
ignore is that the children have been
weaponized as soon as you accept that
little truth all of your options go away
you only have War War
crime or War crime you don't have other
options so I'm I'm definitely not going
to be judging Israel for whatever the
hell they
do because when your only choices are
bad you got to make a bad choice you
know you just have to wish that you're
not in the one who has to make that
decision so is that is that the most raw
opinion you've heard on this I bet
that's the closest to an honest opinion
You' ever heard on the
topic would you
agree because everybody wants to ignore
the fact that the children have been
weaponized as soon as you accept that
truth and by the way if that's not true
if it turns out that you know 10% of
them have been weaponized but the other
90% are you know perfectly
salvageable then you should do
everything you can do to salvage as many
kids as you can but if you have no
choices don't act like you do
I mean most of our opinions on the war
are are dumb opinions a dumb
opinion is where you ignore the cost of
whatever your awesome idea is all right
here here's an
example I think they should have a
ceasefire come
on come
on are you even
trying are you even trying to understand
the situation SE ceasefire is the worst
idea ever no that's not and and by the
way it's not going to happen so there's
no chance of it happening so why can't
you be honest there's nothing that
Israel can do except kill a bunch of men
women and children and depopulate the
area and control it for the rest of time
that's the only thing they could do if
they had two choices I'd be talking
about that other
choice do somebody want to make a
suggestion what's your
suggestion what's the other truce
seriously a truce no truce just means
they rebuild and Slaughter your family
now give me a real suggestion any real
suggestion that doesn't involve
essentially
depopulating Gaza and Israel owning it
forever there is none if anybody had an
idea they would have mentioned it by now
nobody has an idea this is is a battle
to the death and it wasn't my choice I
did not suggest anybody have a battle to
the death but here's one thing I do
think if the reason your baby is going
to get
slaughtered is because there's a guy in
a nice religious outfit who thinks
that's the way it should go then maybe
those guys should be killing
each other right maybe you take the
leaders who believe this and put
them in one room and say hey fight a
whoever's left will will follow
you right why why are you killing our
children and I will say you know as a
citizen of earth right as a citizen of
Earth the Palestinian children are my
children and the Jewish children are my
children as well why are you killing my
children they didn't they didn't come up
with any of these ideas the children are
not the creators of the beliefs that are
causing all the problem it's the leaders
so put the leaders in room and have them
fight it out otherwise the rest of us
should just live our lives cuz if you've
got a leader that's telling you to go to
war against your
neighbor and you haven't you know
exhausted other possibilities it's not
exactly your best
leader but once you get to this
point you know all of your options are
exhausted and you end up doing exactly
what Israel is
doing so will it be a war crime I would
say of course of course it will
did they have a choice nope and I would
also say that every war is a war crime
they all are did I ever tell you the
this I probably have told you this story
before I'll give you the quick version
there was uh once a veteran of World War
II who is now passed away who in his
final years I I asked him like to really
talk about his War experience CU
apparently he had never had so even even
people who had known him all his life
even family members had never heard him
talk about his World War II experience
cuz he saw a lot of action so I asked
him about it and I asked this question I
said seriously in World War II he was
actually in Europe moving toward Germany
I said did they take prisoners like
really because it would seem like it
would be such a pain in the ass to take
a prisoner if you're trying to March
anywhere to attack anything like the
prisoners would take too much resources
so don't you just sort of didn't you
just sort of shoot them in World War II
and then since since uh Hitler lost all
the people who were against Hitler just
don't tell that
story they just don't mention that
basically captured people were just
executed so that's what that's what I
thought happened and but here's what the
the veteran told me he said no no we
took we took prisoners and then he told
me a story about a a Nazi officer that
they' captured and how uh you after they
disarmed him they had a conversation
with him and you know he asked for a
cigarette and they gave him a light and
and it was all just
professional and then I asked him a few
more questions he got comfortable and
then he told me about a situation in
which they came
upon uh a lot of dead Americans I won't
give you any more detail detailed than
that but a lot of Americans who had been
their own prisoners that they had
machine
guned so the the Germans had machine
guned a bunch of captured
prisoners and the veteran who's now
passed away who was telling me this said
after
that after they' captured all the
Germans who were involved in uh
executing
them he said to me that day we didn't
take
prisoners that's the most chilling thing
I've ever heard in my life he said that
day we didn't take
prisoners now that's
War that's what war
is if you think that there's ever been a
war that wasn't a rolling War crime then
I don't think you know how anything
works in the real world not just that
you don't know how War works you don't
know how any anything works I mean most
of corporations in Corporate America are
you know rolling
crime you just get used to it you
they're they're either monopolies or
they're you know they're suppressing
business somewhere I mean basically we
live in a a world in which every large
effort or
organization is largely or completely
corrupt it's just everything so you
think that in the time of War it doesn't
immediately become just a rolling War
crime of course it does every war every
time there's no way that's not going to
happen
so you know talking about
um Norm says when did you become your
own enemy Scott hey Norm ask better
questions did you see that did you see
how well that
worked that was a perfect example Scott
when did you become Your Own Worst Enemy
Norm ask better questions you can do it
all right
um so there's a yet another study that
says alcohol is bad for you in every
quantity now this feels like a repeat
story because it's not the first time a
new study came out that said alcohol is
bad for you in any quantity but I just
add this to the category of science
should have asked me should have asked
me there are quite a few things that
apparently I knew before science how did
I know that alcohol was bad at any
amount because I just asked myself why
doesn't anybody tell me who funded the
story that said it's good for you well
they always leave that out so I knew it
was for 30 years but we're the
rest of you are catching up I
guess uh did you see the video of Gavin
Nome trying to play basketball in
China I've replayed it a 100 times I I
can't stop looking at
it so here's the setup so Gavin Nome is
sort of acting presidential and he he
visits China and he talks to shei and
he's doing some political things and he
ends up on a basketball court with it
looked like maybe 9year olds or I'm say
10 or 11 year olds
maybe um playing basketball and he's
he's in his dress clothes with his dress
shoes and he's going to you know as a
sort of a uh something something to
create a little news over there he's
he's going to do a little one-on-one
with the kids and you know maybe join in
the game so he starts dribbling the ball
and because his feet are
slippery he plows into a kid and just
like demolish es the kid and falls on
top of
him now he he because Nome goes down
like a like a pile of sticks like it I
can't stop looking at it cuz nobody got
hurt you know the the child was fine you
know I wouldn't be laughing If the child
was hurt and and I wouldn't be laughing
I wouldn't be laughing if he was hurt
either but they didn't get hurt but it
was the funniest Collision on camera
you've ever seen and then then Gavin has
to think quickly to make it not look
ridiculous so he he grabs the kid you
know and like rolls rolls him around a
little bit and then he spanks him on his
bottom you know which I thought was a
little
sus wouldn't have been how I would have
gone I don't think I would have held him
and spanked him but that's just me but
he did it
playfully and he did it like he did it
like a dad who's actually raised
children right he didn't now he didn't
look like a pedo he looked like a dad
who who knew had a rough house with the
with boys so he he sort of sort of
recovered a little bit because he made
it a joke about himself and you know the
kid was okay and they had a good laugh
about it and it did get a lot of
attention but
uh it it's funny how that could go so
wrong the only thing I'll remember about
his trip to China is how he almost
killed a Chinese
child that's the only thing I think I'm
going to remember now here's your
persuasion tip
again uh visual beats everything else so
if there's a story where I don't know
maybe there was where Nome said some
policy thing to president she I hope he
didn't but if he did I I'm not going to
remember it you it was probably some
generic thing like we should work
together to make the world a better
place I'm not going to remember that but
I'm going to remember he almost killed
the Chinese kid on the on the basketball
court um I'm going to give Margery
Taylor green the win
for she filed a censure resolution
against representative Rashid at lab for
inciting an
Insurrection
MTG for the win now uh that but that's
not the funny part now obviously uh
Rashida T did not incite an Insurrection
can we can we say that as clearly as
possible every one of us knows that
nobody believes not margorie Taylor
green not anybody nobody believes that
TB incited an Insurrection she she may
have been part of the inspiration or
participant for a
protest just a protest but uh that's
what most people would say about January
6th unless they were in the bag for the
Democrats they'd say well that was a
protest but of course the president at
the time Trump got impeached for
something they called an
Insurrection so the funniest part is
Jake Tapper uh reacting with very
visible disgust that she doesn't know
the difference between January 6 and
this you know little protest and he's
like my
God how could she be so terrible and
dumb and stupid and
political now he didn't say those exact
words but it came out off like that and
I thought to myself does he not know
this is a
prank he he was treating it like it was
news seriously he really didn't know he
didn't know that that was just to make
him do what he did she wanted him to go
on television and explain how one was an
insurrection but the other one wasn't
and she got it she got CNN to argue
about one of them being an Insurrection
and the other one not so that the rest
of the world can say you know what they
kind of look in many ways but but not
every way similar and Jake Tapper would
say but one was intended to overthrow
the United
States no it
wasn't no it wasn't that's just
something you see in
reported there was nobody in the crowd
well let me take it back there were
probably a handful of people who thought
oh maybe this will lead to a revolution
or something but most of the people just
wanted to delay the count to make sure
it been counted correctly which is
something Democrats will never
hear by the way Democrats don't even
know that did you know that ask a
Democrat if the intention was to delay
the certification just so they had I
don't know 48 hours or whatever it was
to check something they thought needed
to be checked that's it it was just a
specific delay to do a specific thing to
make sure that the outcome was the
correct
outcome now how is that different in in
Badness than a bunch of people uh
trespassing in a public building and
complaining about
policy they're kind of the same they are
kind of the same and that of course is
marjerie Taylor Green's point
I assume so uh I've never seen a more
complete win than what MTG got by by
taper's reaction there all right um I
feel like this is just old news
but do you all
know that there's no
question that the Biden crime family was
taking money for influence including
when Joe Biden was vice
president do do I have to go over you
know the
newest explanation of how it's all
documented it's in the emails he he's
admitted in emails that he gives his
money to
Joe and and now there's that 200,000
payment which I think was shown as a
loan repayment but there's nothing in
the banking records to suggest there was
any loan in the first place but there
was a loan
repayment yeah do you know why it was a
loan repayment
because that would be non-t taxable
right if you're just paying back the
principal of a
loan that's a non-taxable event yeah so
it's just basically a way to cheat cheat
on your
taxes
so uh other people would go to jail for
that if you gave somebody $200,000
because um you sold some influence and
you told them to mark it down when they
received it as loan repayment but you
knew it was not a loan repayment you go
to jail for that don't you I mean I
think that's not even a fine I think
that would that's not one of those where
oh you interpreted the IRS differently
so we'll give you a penalty but we're
good after that that's not that if you
intentionally call it a loan because
that's the way to avoid paying taxes and
you're a sophisticated player so you
know exactly what you're doing as the
Biden are that's just a Flatout crime
it's a felony isn't it wouldn't it be
above the dollar amount for a
felony am I wrong about that it doesn't
matter that it's a tax related thing
it's still a felony right because it's
above the I don't know 5,000 or
whatever all right I think it's a felony
it's a felony that's well
documented now if this were Trump you
don't think he'd be indicted for this
already how hard would it it be to get
an indictment if you showed that
somebody paid 200,000 to somebody there
was a tra there was a trail and email
saying that he gives half of his money
to his father and he's mad about it you
you know that he's selling influence
they all admit that that's not in
question and you know that the $200,000
was paid but there's no record that a
loan was ever part of it you don't think
that would be enough to indict Trump now
first they would ask
maybe before they even took it to a
grand jury first they would
ask can you show that there was a loan
because if you can show there was aan oh
then there's nothing to talk about do
you think they could I don't think
so I think if they said can you prove
there was a loan remember comr the
Republican has their bank
records so if it's not in the bank
records going back X number of years was
it ever there so certainly Trump would
have been indicted and if he could
produce evidence that had been alone
then you know the process would probably
stop but it wouldn't stop him from
getting indicted would
it so the two-tier justice system uh is
in effect and what do they say about
Trump if you're a Democrat he's not
above the law they say Trump is not
above the
law now if you believe that they accuse
you of everything they're
doing wouldn't it suggest that they
think they're Above the Law well they
are and they act like it all
right you know uh there's this story
about this Francis fukiyama in the
Stanford
censorship group there's some kind of
Stanford censorship thing and uh Mike
Ben is talking about him but um the part
of this story that just just is just
amazing it's just jawdropping is not
that the United States had these fact
cheers and disinformation people we know
that but that they said out loud uh
quote and I think in one of his speeches
this uh Francis fukiyama may have said
one of the chief threats to contemporary
democracy is um basically misinformation
and they blamed it for the rise of
Donald Trump
do you think that
misinformation is the reason that Trump
became
president well yes it
is it was their
misinformation it was because when he
called out fake news he was right about
it that was the problem so it's kind of
amazing and I and I wonder if people
like Francis fukiyama do you think that
they're
aware do you think that he's
aware that that what he's really doing
is trying to stop real information so
that their own fake information can rule
the day do you think he knows it or do
you think he is part of the mass
hysteria that Trump is
bad and that sort of drives every other
impression you
have to me I'm going to say Mass
hysteria because it seems like something
you wouldn't say out loud if you were
self-aware if you were aware that it was
just an op and you were just trying to
suppress the other team I don't know if
you'd word it this way I mean just just
the wording suggests he actually is in
some kind of mass
hysteria
anyway um speaking of mass hysterias uh
Goldie hor has announced that when she
was 20 years old a uh an alien some
three
extraterrestrials uh approached her when
she was in her car and she interacted
with them and one of them touched her
face so her face was t Touched by an
alien you know if I were a bad
person I would make a joke right
now but I'm going to have to do an
impression of a bad person so you don't
blame me so I'm going to have Dale read
the same story but Dale's kind of a
jerk like kind of a
jerk here's how he'd read it oh I don't
have my Dale I can't do
it there we
go well there's a story about goalie H
she said when she was 20 years old an
alien once touched her
face I guess that's what
happened Dale you freaking don't
make fun of people all right Mark benof
who you might know as the founder uh and
multi-billionaire
uh who founded Salesforce and his big
headquarters in in San Francisco and
he's probably not feeling too happy that
he put his big headquarters in San
Francisco because it turned into a
toilet but uh today he wrote a very long
piece on the xplatform about the need to
refund the police not defund them refund
them and I wonder do you think that
Benny off who has been you know very
active I think funding and you being pro
de Democrat do you think do you think he
knows he funded the wrong
team now he might hate Republicans even
more so maybe it seems like the right
team but I've said before I I spent I
don't know 20 minutes or so talking to
Mark benof once before an event and I
found him one of the most
genuine and interesting people you'll
ever meet in your life you know when he
talks about the company gives you know
uh a percentage of their income to you
know good causes and stuff um what I
observed was the real thing he he
genuinely is active and cares about
making the world better with his money
and with your money and the company's
money and you know he he's very much
about sharing and making everybody
better off so he's a good person but
he's got to know that he funded some bad
people and he got a really bad outcome
and I I just wonder how much does that
change your future
activities do you think he'll give as
much to the Democrats as he has
before or or could you imagine that he
would fund uh could you imagine oh I
could imagine this I could imagine
somebody like Benny off because again
real smart very effective capable you
know like a real guy he's somebody you'd
like
um could you imagine that he would fund
Republicans for the local offices and
democrats for national
office I could see that oh I can see
that because obviously Democrats are not
good on
crime so if he could find a republican
who would fix crime in his City but he
had a president who gave him what he
wanted let's say with Healthcare Etc
that would still be a pretty good
outcome I would think but it just makes
me wonder what kind of outcome makes you
change your change what you were doing
do you think this is enough that this
city is destroyed and the other major
cities are destroyed is that enough to
make you change your
activities most people are saying no and
I agree with you but that would be for
regular people for regular people they
just keep doing what they're doing no
matter whether it works or not but I
think Mark benof is not like regular
people so you might be surprised he
might surprise you with um something
that's not just team play because he
knows what works and what doesn't and
he's not shy so you might see some some
movement there that could be
interesting all right um I would like to
uh since I have I just have another
minute here um I thought I'd do one
thing yeah we've got 2 minutes would it
be okay if I use the following two
minutes to solve the mystery of gravity
what gravity is because Einstein he was
a little confused and the physicists are
working on this string theory and I
don't know I I just thought I'd solve
that for you before I go all right
here's what I
think number one I think that this thing
we experience as gravity as a reality
has has a
pulse that is to say that I believe
everything
disappears and then reappears like a
pulse go on back go on back now at the
quantum world we know that that happens
you know Quantum things pop in an out of
existence but I'm suggesting that
everything Pops in an out of existence
when it's gone you don't note it because
you're
gone when it's here you note it and the
reason I say that it pulses is that it
seems um absurd to imagine that time is
a smooth consistent thing because it
would mean that we would at some point
occupy every space an infinite number of
spaces between any two
destinations so there's an absurdity to
imagine that everything's connected
smoothly but there's no absurdity I
don't know the mechanism for it but
there's no absurdity to imagining that
we're blinking in and out of existence
now when you blink back into existence I
hypothesize you blink back into the
probable place that you would be so when
you come back into existence it's not
the same place it's the next
position right very much like if you've
seen a flip book for comics where you
draw a little comic on a bunch of pieces
of paper and they flip through them
quickly and it looks like they're
moving so imagine that when you pop back
into existence you're just a little bit
moved but the determination of where
you've moved to is based on probability
alone just probability so if there was
as much probability that your hand would
go from here to here as it was that you
would you know burst into flames then
sometimes you would burst into flames
but that doesn't happen so there are
some things that are clearly more likely
than other things and you're more likely
to reappear into that more likely thing
so here's what gravity
is gravity is that around things that we
in this reality looks like they're
dense is really where there's the most
probability in other words there are
more possibilities that the next time
you pop into existence you're going to
pop into an existence that's closer to
the
sun because
there are simply more places there there
are fewer places behind you there are
there are places and it's possible so at
any moment you might be slightly further
from the Sun but you wouldn't notice it
because the very next moment you'd pop
out of existence and the probability
would kick in and you're probably going
to pop in closer to the Sun as you get
closer and closer to the Sun the
probability is even thicker that in
front of you it's more likely you'll pop
into existence than behind you and so
that thing that Einstein describes as
bent space is nothing but going from
thin probability fields to thicker ones
and your impression is of gravity or
when you do it mathematically it looks
like it's bent space but all it is is
pulsing out of existence and into
existence in the most likely Place
statistically that you're likely to
reappear and that ladies and gentlemen
solves all the problems of physics I
will be expecting the Nobel Prize in
both physics and peace for all of my
good work um I'm wondering if maybe this
time it'd be easier if anybody from the
Nobel committee is is
listening could you just combine those
two because I don't want to make two
trips you know do you have to you have
to go to like Stockholm or something
like I want to go to Stockholm twice
once would be plenty so if you could and
I'm not saying that you're considering
me for both I'm not saying but if you
did which would be totally wise you
should combine them into something
called um science piece so it be like
the Nobel science piece award something
like that so I'll take
it all right and that ladies and
gentlemen is the end of the most
informative uh live live stream you've
ever seen in your life possibly the best
experience you've ever had um we need
that religious Summit get those
religious people to tell us what does
God really mean so we know whose team to
be on let's get that going all right
YouTube I'm going to say bye for now and
go talk to the locals people because
they're awesome but you're a little bit
awesome
too