but I'm pom-pom hey it's me again with
another periscope hello Jacqueline hello
Austin come on in here it's gonna be the
best periscope I've ever done this
afternoon it's also the only periscope
I'm going to do this afternoon but I
promise you it will be just terrific all
right we got enough people in the air
I'm gonna jump right into it
number one what did I tell you this
morning if you were on the periscope
this morning about the unconfirmed
source about Rosen Stein getting fired
today I said that's not dependable and
sure enough he was not fired today so
keep a little mental running list of how
many times the anonymous source is just
completely wrong the other news we have
is that Brett Kavanaugh was interviewed
by Martha McCallum today and asked about
the allegations and you're wondering how
did he do how did he do
did he acquit himself well did he dig
himself in deeper let me tell you
Cavanaugh the worst thing he could have
done he didn't do anything like that
so the worst thing he could could have
done is to be aggressive and sort of
alpha male you know and kind of come at
it hard the some people are calling it
sort of that the Clarence Thomas effect
where you have the booming voice and you
you you declare vehemently your
innocence now we might still see that
some future time but well instead he
went completely in the opposite
direction so he said that he was a
virgin in high school and for several
years after did not see that coming how
did that affect things
well it's gonna get him nominated or
it's gonna get him on the court I would
say that the odds of him being kept off
the court
now are close to zero and the problem is
that the the entire allegations were
built on the notion that he's this kind
of guy and not only did he admit that he
was a virgin during all those years and
and the years after and I'm not making
fun of him it's very it's a it's an
excellent defense because the if the
question is is he that kind of a guy or
was he that kind of a guy you can't say
for sure that a virgin wouldn't do bad
things yeah nobody can say he is a
virgin therefore he didn't do these
things he's alleged to do that doesn't
make sense but if you're trying to
figure out is he that kind of person
well that's a really good defense
secondly am I wrong for those of you who
saw it did it seem like he was ready to
cry did you see that toward the end it
looked like he almost couldn't speak
like he was ready to cry it was a
sensitive moment and again I'm not
making fun of him imagine if you put
anybody in that position you know with
the effect it has on his family
especially it's gonna be pretty
upsetting
but by being sensitive and being
vulnerable admitting he was a virgin
during those years which wasn't the cool
thing to do I think he is largely
guaranteed that he's gonna get on the
court now I don't know that he played it
that way because it was a good strategy
it just might be who he is I mean there
might be it's entirely possible that
there are no layers here that there's
there are no levels that's in what I saw
was somebody telling the truth about the
Virgin thing I don't think you made that
up
yeah that's my assumption but also being
vulnerable as hell and it reminded me of
something
that it's easy to forget and let's see
if you had the same feeling we assume
when we hear an allegation that
something happened to the person making
the allegation so we can assume that she
may in fact in fact probably is a victim
of something by somebody we're in some
way life has dealt her a bad card so I
think that part's true and we should
have an appropriate amount of empathy
for the accuser as we should for all
people and I know that you've had a look
you know we've had some empathy for the
judge but since he's a you know accused
of a heinous thing and he's an adult and
he's you know he's he's playing at the
highest level and frankly he's a large
white male people don't really have the
same kind of empathy for a large yeah I
mean tall white males in powerful
positions it's just not an empathy
situation in our current society but
here's the thing when you hear him with
his wife who was obviously distraught
talking about the impact they had on
their three daughters to imagine three
teenage daughters I think they're all
teenagers imagine that and imagine the
effect on the wife and the family you
know he I don't know if his parents are
alive but imagine those effects they are
victims so while we certainly have a
question to answer which is was
Christine afford a victim then and you
know then she'd still be a victim so is
that true or false and that's a fair
question well let's not forget that no
matter what the answer to that is
Cavanaugh's wife and his three kids
they're victims right now they're still
being abused avenatti is abusing
Cavanaugh's wife and children right
right now let me say that again avenatti
and others but he seems to be like a
primary primary person here is abusing
Cavanaugh's wife and children right now
right now it's in it's a crime it's a
crime that's not illegal but it's a
crime in action right now right let's
not forget that you know there are some
serious victims here some in the past
and whatever effect that has into their
future can't ignore that if that's the
case but they're happening right now the
daughters and the wife is it two
daughters somebody's saying I don't know
if that's the case mmm yeah it might be
two daughters okay thank you for the
correction factor King fact-checking
says two daughters but anyway the point
is the same now so my net is my net of
this is that he probably handled this in
the best possible way he reminded us
that there are other victims and these
are victims right now right now they're
victims and he was vulnerable if he
didn't act he didn't act even slightly
like the guy he's accused of being now
you add that to the fact that there are
no corroborating eyewitnesses and then
the the let's say the unusual behavior
of the accuser Christine Ford's not
wanting to drive that delays the you
know even if there are perfectly good
reasons for all those things they're
raising all kinds of flags the other
thing that I haven't heard anybody say
so I'll just say it all right this is
the sort of thing that responsible
people on television aren't going to say
but since I know you're all thinking it
I'm just going to say what you're
thinking people who go into the
psychology field as a profession
tend to have some issues are working
with am I wrong people go into the
psychology field to become professional
psychologists to help other people every
case I've ever seen you know that I
personally knew they had some real
issues in their own past that they were
working through so I'm not saying that's
the case with Christian Ford what I'm
saying is that from the perspective of
the public and the professionals were
making decisions about this all of these
little flags are starting to come up
boop-boop but none of them individually
tells you anything it doesn't really
mean anything that she didn't want to
fly you know if you were looking at that
alone it wouldn't mean anything it
doesn't mean anything that her
profession is psychology that doesn't
mean she has problems but you start
adding them together and it's this
picture of something that's not quite
right and you compare that to his
defense and unless Christine Ford comes
over great in the interview I think the
decisions done but we'll say she could
come out she could be very very
persuasive but she's got a high bar
because judge Kavanagh judge Kavanagh
just set the bar and he said it was very
high right his his version of events
Cavanaugh's is sort of a gold standard
at this point it's really good that
doesn't mean he's right
doesn't mean he's telling the truth it
doesn't mean she's like but if you're
just looking at that the quality of the
performance if you will man that he was
good very good now let me talk about
Trump's great week I have claimed that
this is Trump's best week ever
in terms of persuasion best week ever
and people said to me what do you mean
that is this a good week there's all
this bad news and stuff and I'm going to
conflate a few weeks here so it's more
than one way
well let's go to the whiteboard I'm
going to give you the 2-dimensional look
and then the three-dimensional look so
there are several things which have
happened those are on the top line that
I'm going to give you the
two-dimensional view of them and then
the three-dimensional view
first there's Woodward's book fury what
is the 2-dimensional take on that it's a
book by a credible credible writer and a
credible researcher who says the
president is impulsive and you know
maybe maybe a little crazy and a little
angry and stuff but was that anything
new it's sort of what we've always here
and you always think there's a little
hyperbole and you ask yourself why is it
that everybody who talks to him in
person doesn't see any of this I talked
to him in person for long enough that if
you were crazy
I kind of would have picked up on it I
think and and it seems like nobody else
is picking up on it either but the 3d
take on this is that all of the
accusations in the book we're kind of
baked in already kind of everything you
already knew but the thing that was
surprising was the no collusion it's the
part of the book didn't include the best
you know the Watergate guy the you know
the great researcher as the best sources
really got the insider stuff and he said
couldn't find any Russia problem does
not mean that Muller will find nothing
all right so the lack of finding
something doesn't mean there's nothing
there got to be clear about that but in
terms of how it looks in terms of
persuasion the bad parts are discounted
and have already you know just you know
flown away and the no pollution part
remains you're hearing a lot less about
Russia this week aren't you then there's
the Rosenstein the story that was leaked
to the New York Times in which allegedly
Rosen's Rosenstein Rosenstein Rosenstein
considered the 25th amendment now my
take on that is that he probably did not
considerate although it might have come
up and if it comes up you're going to
talk about it because it came up so it's
but oh it's not furious fear is that it
did I get the wrong wrong name of the
book was a fear was that one was all
right we're fact-checking as we go
anyway so the Rosen Stein story was
about the 25th amendment that sounds
terrible right when you hear that oh my
god you know somebody at that high level
was talking about the 25th amendment
well first of all it probably didn't
happen Rosen Stein's already denied that
it happened in any serious way he was
saying it was sarcastic and frankly that
sounds very believable to me but it
works really well for Trump because it
confirms you know whatever suspicions
you had about the deep stain it confirms
that people were working against them it
makes it look like there was a coup in
the White House among the anti-trump
errs or at least in the administration
and it's also a goodbye rod because now
the president can just easily fire him
whenever he wants to so so this is like
just the best the best thing that could
have happened for the president is that
the deep state is shown to be real or it
looks real I'm not saying it is because
of this conversation which I think is I
think it's fake news but the way it
looks is is going to be good for the
president because it makes the deep
state look real and he now he has a
reason to get rid of Rod Rosenstein if
he wants to any time he wants to that of
course the discussion about the Supreme
Court ends up being all about Roe v's
Roe vs. Wade right it's all about
reproductive rights and women and in Roe
vs. Wade now it's not all about that
because the Supreme Court handles lots
of stuff but the way the way the news
and the public and social media has kind
of focused it they made it kind of
a women issue so the two-dimensional way
to look at that is that the the left are
making a case that the GOP are bad to
women bad for women they're not the
party that that are going to be good for
women including nominations from the
court so that's the on the
two-dimensional level that's what it
looks like but on the three-dimensional
level where you go a little bit deeper
into what the persuasion whether hey
Eric whether the persuasion is let me
save this on the persuasion level
focusing on women being the the priority
for the conversation kind of leave some
people out doesn't it no where do you
remember any conversation about how
anything could be good for black people
or how anything that's happening with
the Supreme Court would be good for
Hispanics on some level they're gonna
notice that nobody's talking about them
and I mean specifically their own team
their own team the Democrats have very
consciously made this sort of a woman's
issue now saying they shouldn't I'm not
saying that's a bad idea I'm just saying
that if you're black or Hispanic your
your group is not coming up a lot it
seems to be forgotten that's not good at
the same time president Trump is you
know producing more jobs and a good
economy and stuff like that so he seems
to be helping in his republic in a way
which is try to help everybody and it's
and it's good he tries to build a wall
ideally that would be good for the the
folks who are competing for jobs now
let's take the cabin the Cavanaugh
allegations specifically on the
two-dimensional level the you know the
top level the question is are they true
or false so we're you know arguing about
the the weeds is it true is it false but
on the purse
level the the accusers are unusually not
credible now you start with a notion
that when a woman makes an accusation
she should be taken seriously so in
moment one you know that the moment the
accusation happens that's probably the
highest level of credibility but as
things go on as we're talking about it
you don't get the crab corroboration you
don't get you know any other any other
information to back it up and the the
witness or the outlet the person making
the allegations seems a little flaky
that doesn't mean she is it's just the
way it's being portrayed and so the
accusers are becoming less credible
because this batch is going through a
filter that is not it's not really
helping them and it looks like an
overreach so I think there'll be some
backlash now if the accusers are not
credible to some big portion of the
country obviously they're very credible
to some other portion and it looks like
an overreach what group of citizens is
going to be the most concerned about
that
the answer is men men so if you are a
man
and or you are black or Hispanic the
Republican Party is making or I'm sorry
the Democratic Party is making a great
case for people who were not you so
they're making men sort of the enemy and
they're completely ignoring the black
and Hispanic part of their base so
that's all good for Trump because the
enemy is you know Trump's enemy is doing
poorly then just North Korea you know
the standard way to look at this in the
mainstream media is that all these
little hiccups and you know
cancellations and meetings that we've
seen they're all evidence that we're
being played or being played and once
again North Korea is going to fool us
all but I think on the persuasion level
you can see that all the parties are
getting each other pretty
and North and South Korea are marching
at pretty briskly to make something work
where they can work together so it seems
to me that that's all going in the right
direction as well it's hard to criticize
where they are at this point so you put
it all together and let me ask you what
is an accusation about the president you
have not you have not heard this week
what accusation have you not heard about
the president he's a racist the whole
racist thing requires a somewhat
permanent refilling the hose so if you
go a while without something that the
the media can define as racism this sort
of fades away because you're not seeing
new laws that are racist you know
there's nothing happening that you could
look at and say if that thing he did
today there's a racist thing there's
just not enough happening so the because
this is in the headline it's sort of
driven Russia and in the headlines there
wasn't much there anyway it's sort of
driven all the racist things out of the
headline it wasn't much there any way
the economy is screaming North Korea is
going well Russia doesn't seem to be a
problem the president was just making
friends with Poland recently I don't
think Russia loves that the president
got Russia to back down on their attack
on a blood it lid whatever the whatever
that city is in Syria that doesn't look
like giving Putin everything he wants so
we're seeing over and over again that
the president is sort of having his way
with Russia now let's talk about the
trade deals so the trade deals full
disclosure I'm an investor in a start-up
not my own startup but something I
invested in
which could go out of business because
of the tariffs that was the news I just
received today now I'm not going to talk
about the details but there was a 25%
tariff on their primary product so their
cost to sell their product went up 25%
probably a crushing blow depending on
how long it lasts so those of you who
say that I support the president because
I'm going to get rich like fat cats like
me I'm doing it all wrong because I've
only lost money in this in this whole
deal since Trump announced but I feel
good for the future so but anyway the
the trade agreements will probably work
out in the long run we don't know how
long it will take
so my point is things are going really
well for President Trump this week it
just doesn't seem like it because
there's there's so much bad stuff out
there and it's related to the the
administration indirectly because
anything that Cavanaugh gets accused of
people are going to say people are going
to say that somehow you know indicates
the whole administration all right how
many of you think I made my point that
this was a great great week for the
president maybe this best week because I
can't think of any week in which
everything was going so well at the same
time persuasion wise anyway
Cavanaugh must be confirmed though well
I think you will be let's talk about
James Woods and his suspension on
Twitter you know I was thinking that the
reason that James Woods got banned on
Twitter is that the Mimi sent around
that indicated that some men were going
to not vote because they wanted the
women's vote to be worth more and the
idea is that you know if anybody thought
that was true maybe they would join the
movement and not vote and then the
Democrats would have fewer votes so
there was some thought that even though
James said it's unlikely it's true but
you never know in this environment I'm
summarizing him or paraphrasing then it
didn't eliminate the chance that it's
true so his the words he put around the
meme indicated it might be true you know
probably not thought it might be so that
was enough to get him banned so what are
the two ways they even get back on
Twitter well I understand if he deletes
the meme that they'll let him back on
but I guess I hear I'm not sure this is
true but I think he might be holding
tight to to make a point which would be
clever right yeah you know it wouldn't
be the worst thing
oh somebody says he's back I'll have to
check on that but here's the point I was
going to the other way to make James
Woods meme okay is to actually form an
organization of Democratic men who have
agreed not to vote so that the women's
vote can be more important actually you
would if you wanted to make it look like
it wasn't influencing don't make it
Democratic Democrat man just make it
mend and you you could hope that you
could hope that more people on the other
side believe it then your side but in
this case it would be a real
organization so I'm not I'm saying don't
do it for humor create an actual
organization
that is trying to convince men to not
vote because men are the problem you
know there are a lot of people who think
men are the problem and so if people
legitimately had a movement to said look
man is the problem don't vote let women
have a greater vote it would probably
work out well for Republicans but it
would be funny and it would make James
Woods meme now accurate and therefore
they would have to let him back on
because he no longer would be passing
around a false meme it would become true
somebody says this is stupid
and they're right so that's not a real
suggestion by the way it was just
something I thought of that was funny
yeah I'm not really recommending you do
that right that was just for fun an alt
pair oh yeah he's not back right that's
there's a parody of him that's back okay
some summer saying he made a new account
with alt at the end of his name but
people have been telling me
authoritative Lee that that's not really
him that's just somebody trying to get a
lot of a lot of followers so don't
assume that's him we're assuming that's
going to be a parody account all right I
will I think I'm done from now and I
will talk to you all later