bump bump in baby baby baby
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody come
on in here it's time for coffee with
scott adams i'm scott adams and you're
gonna have coffee with me
or you might have a different beverage
or you might have no beverage or you
might have something to eat
but no matter what it is you can lift it
to your lips and join me for the
simultaneous up here it comes
ah I was looking at a comment on Twitter
yesterday that said my voice is crazy
but I couldn't I didn't know if that was
good or bad and it can put you to sleep
do I have a voice that will put you to
sleep ASMR so if you've looked at the
news today you will know there's
something very interesting about the
news there's no news that's it when was
the last time you had news without any
news if you look at the headline pages
of CNN or Fox News its retread stuff
about Kavanagh somebody's opinion about
Kavanagh somebody's making a good point
about Kavanagh but it's all sort of
stuff you've already heard news just
stopped now what does that tell you
about news what can we learn from this
well does it seem to you that just when
just when the Kavanagh thing started
becoming important does it seem to you
that it could be likely that all the
other news in the world stopped for two
weeks
that would be weird wouldn't it but
that's what it looks like
so what can explain that is it because
we are the simulation well that's
probably not the cause in this case
here's here's my opinion I think what
you're seeing is confirmation if I can
call it that not in the scientific sense
but confirmation that the news is
manufactured now here's why you know
that because if we had room for more
news in other words if Cavanaugh were
not totally dominating the headlines
there would be other news did that other
news go away just for a couple weeks or
today probably not but at the point is
that those things we think are natural
news that just seems to happen in
exactly one page of headlines quantity
per day you know roughly speaking some
days a little more some days a little
less but basically we have about a
webpage of headlines every day and that
just stopped I think what that tells you
is that it's manufactured all the time
and that if we if we didn't manufacture
news there would be lots of dead news
days like today but today you don't
notice because it's filled with a little
Cavanaugh so here's my current thinking
of this ask me if this is not the way
it's shaping up on one side of the
Cavanaugh question we have people who
say that women women should be believed
in their accusations and that just the
fact that the accusations are credible
should be enough it's not a legal
process so we're not trying to put
anybody in jail but people are saying
the accusations alone or are enough
credibility to change how people should
vote on this Cavanaugh situation so
that's one side the other side says we
can't start a precedent we have to use
the right process people are innocent
until proven guilty
you know we can't take forever tracking
everything down if it's not a legal
process etc so one side is saying let's
obey the process
let's obey the system the system matters
the process the other side says that
what's important is the woman's let's
say the accusation the woman's word over
the men so one side says let's put what
the women say as more important than the
man's life because Cavanaugh's entire
life will be destroyed if this if this
doesn't work out for them so that's one
view and the other view says follow the
system have I framed that correctly do
you think that that's accurate there one
side says let's follow the system and
the other side says let's get this
specific result now I've made that claim
about the difference between Republicans
and Democrats or difference between the
right and the left more generally that
the that the right says we can't decide
what is fair all the time it's just too
hard nobody can figure out what's fair
in every given situation but we can have
a common set of rules that look like the
Constitution that look like the law that
look like maybe the Bible if you want to
take it that far but if you're working
off the same rulebook you know the same
Ten Commandments the same Constitution
cetera you can't you can't make sure
every system is out every outcome is
optimized but you can make sure you have
a credible civilization because people
will say I don't like how this one
turned out or that one turned out but
the way we got there the system I do
respect
I respect the Constitution even though I
don't like that particular outcome so
that's a Republican way now what I like
about that is if you if you respect the
system you're probably going to get a
good stable civilization with lots of
bumps but it's a you know life is messy
if you don't respect the system
and you try to pick winners who's the
winner will it be will it be Kavanagh
will he be the winner or will it be the
accuser will will they be the winner can
we kick him off the you know derail him
from the process by making up some stuff
that's not typically part of the process
you know can we subvert the process so
one of them is sort of goal-oriented our
goal is to keep them off the court
forget about the system you know the
system is is irrelevant let's keep this
guy off the court that's a goal a goal
is to preserve Rover Rovi wait that's a
goal and Republicans are saying let's
have a system that works now in a way
one of the things that this shows you is
the low value of men and this is not new
I mean what I'm what I'm going to say is
sort of the current situation and maybe
the perpetual situation from a
biological perspective men are way less
important than women for the obvious
reason that you know a woman is
necessary to have a child having
children and reproducing is the is the
key most important element of survival
of a species so it's the most the basic
most important thing so women are
biologically more important because you
could have a one band impregnating lots
of women you know if you had to but
legally legally we try to say that
everybody's equal
this is one of those situations where
it's very clear that women are more
important now that doesn't mean that the
outcome will will go one way or the
other
but when I said to you is is the framing
you know about the woman's accusation
versus the stability of a system what I
didn't say is this a value of a woman
the woman's the woman's accusation
versus a man's reputation or personality
or or
life it's not really even about women
versus men because men are so important
biologically yeah I'm not this is not an
opinion I'm just saying biologically and
we can't have act this way men are so
unimportant that we don't even say as
men against women in this case we've
said it's it's women they're their
credibility their ability to be safe
their ability to make an accusation and
be and be heard that's being put up
against sort of the generic system you
know we're talking about stuff like
precedence and things like that men are
really even part of the conversation
they're not terribly important to this
now I'm not gonna even argue that that
should change if it sounds like I'm
saying that situation should change I
don't know that it should because
biologically men are less important than
women that there's no way to change that
now that doesn't mean every man is less
important that every woman right you
know it just means in sort of a general
way
biologically yeah so it's typical for
men to sacrifice for women I'm sure that
women would say the same thing it's
typical for women to sacrifice for men
that may be a more of a point of view
sort of thing yeah I'm not saying you
can get rid of all men I'm just saying
that the value of an individual woman is
greater biologically
than the value of an individual man and
we're seeing this play out in the way
this situation is framed all right so
everybody who is playing Captain Obvious
so Captain Obvious I'm talking to you
Captain Obvious
I do understand that men are necessary
to create babies I'm not saying that I'm
valuing men less I'm saying society does
and biologically you could have one man
impregnating lots of women but you
you have one woman you know the reverse
way of it okay well I stopped talking
about that let's talk about Iran so I
guess the president is going to do a
speech in front of the UN today and Iran
is on the the docket so how do you think
that's gonna go how do you think the the
Iran speech will go keep in mind that
the president has been out of the news
for a long time yeah at least as much as
the president could be out of the news
have you noticed that the all the
excitement in the news is really not
about President Trump anymore
he got sidelined for about a week so one
force at play is that the president
hasn't made much news lately so he may
want to make a little news on the other
hand we've seen his playbook for how he
handled North Korea and it looks like
he's using a similar approach and it's
probably the smart one at least from my
perspective it seems that he's he's
doing the what would you call it the the
boot and the fig-leaf
method so he's basically being as
hard-ass as you could possibly be on
Iran short of actually attacking at the
same time he's saying he said today in
his tweet that he's not going to meet
with President rouhani of Iran but he
thinks he'd like to someday and he
thinks he's probably a lovely man a
lovely band now if you're in Iran and
you see that the President of Iran was
just called the lovely man
there's probably some cultural problem
with interpreting that don't you think
that there's a lot of head-scratching
going on you know they're they're over
in Iran and they're saying what did the
devil say about us the the Great Satan
has tweeted oh the Great Satan says of
our president he's a lovely man
sarcasm does anybody know if this is
sarcasm anybody anybody is anybody know
what American sarcasm looks like did we
get insulted because I can't tell if he
insulted us did we get insulted can
anybody nobody knows seriously nobody
can tell what this tweet means who can
we ask we'd better watch some periscopes
find out what that scott adams guy says
well the the ambiguity of it was I hate
to say delicious but I had some kind of
a like an artistic feel to it I don't
know how to I don't know how to exactly
describe how I felt when I saw that what
he said that rouhani is probably a
lovely man because it was so
intentionally ambiguous and yeah I think
productive it was an actually it wasn't
a throwaway line it was actually the
only productive part of the tweet you
know because we probably already told
them we're not going to meet with him
so the productive part was that he says
I think he's the lovely man
I think that was to me it was like art
you know this this is why people I think
historians will say that the president
is the best tweeter of all time so what
it does is it opens up the possibility
that he's not just a big old evil devil
just talking about the president but
that he's someone who is just trying to
find find a way through so at the same
time he's being a total hard-ass he is
also saying but you're probably a lovely
band love to meet with you under the
right circumstances it's it's great
because it's it leaves them a path that
isn't the hard path now I've not heard
about Iran playing hard with the United
States since the the the Iran nuclear
deal was scuttled have you heard any
situation where Iran has done something
that really mattered that they probably
poked around the edge
a little bit but as a run done anything
that was specifically heinous and last
month or two maybe we wouldn't know
about it it could be stuff that's
happening on the ground and funding
Hamas and stuff like that so so I don't
know what they've been doing but it does
seem like they've been acting like
they're looking for a deal now
apparently the the next part of the
sanctions against Iran are gonna kick in
early November I think and when they
kick in it's the oil restrictions the
oil restrictions could completely
destroy the country you know because I
say that based on the fact that their
economy is sort of teetering and the
populace is very unhappy at least in
pockets of Iran and that could be enough
you know I'm not the expert on the
Iranian economy but if they're really
close to the edge and if the oil
restrictions are really a big deal to
the economy maybe that's enough and so
Iran is going to be looking for a way
out now does Iran have a military way
out probably not does Iran have a way to
forever beat the sanctions in a way that
they can thrive maybe in the old days my
suspicion is that were really good at
this this sanctions business and that we
can turn off pipelines and we can stop
big tankers of weakened we could
probably stuff stop enough train that
Iran would become you know a permanent
fourth world country over time they
would just decrease and their economy
would shrink you know forever you know
their economy just might keep shrinking
and with no stop
so we met I've said before that we may
be approaching a post-war civilization
that doesn't mean every war will be
avoided
there's no there will always be
flare-ups but if you look at North Korea
and you look at
run what is it that brought that will
probably get us our best results there
in both cases is probably economics
because as the world gets more
technological it becomes harder to beat
the sanctions
somebody needs to fact-check me on that
so I just made a claim that as soon as I
said it I wasn't positive it's true but
it makes sense to me so here's my claim
that as technology improves as our
satellites are better as our
communication is better our ability to
spy is better that the ability of a
country like Iran or North Korea to
break sanctions might be lower and lower
every year so there should be some
crossover where the value of sanctions
you know just get stronger and stronger
because we're more connected world
there's more technology watching
everything we can track things better at
center so our ability to stop war with
economics is probably improving you know
quite a bit
meanwhile the value were the utility of
a fighting war where you actually have
two militaries lining up and fighting
the utility of that went from pretty
good in the old days you know
jingis con that was a pretty good deal
because if you had the good military you
could win and if he had the weak
military well you had to do what you
could do but you couldn't avoid fighting
if the big wouldn't attacked you you
can't kind of fight back so in the old
days there was utility you know you
could potentially win the war that was
the thing you could win the war today
I'm not even sure that's possible you
know if you look at even Syria you could
say that something happened but it
wasn't much of a win you know everybody
lost so I think we're reaching a point
where wars are away for both sides to
lose but an economic embargo is a way
for everybody except the offending
country to win because everybody else
will do fine in fact they'll trade with
each other more because you're out of
the you're out of the loop
so I think we may be heading toward a
time where economics is the weapon of
choice if this president gets a good
result in both of both North Korea North
Korea and with Iran and of course their
big IFS you know gigantic gifts you know
galaxy sides if involved in this but if
he gets good results it'll be because of
the economic pressure on top of the
military pressure right still need the
military pressure
you still need a credible threat I think
that's still necessary but the actual
fighting is going to be economic I think
and we may be at a crossroads of history
in which this president being being sort
of business minded is the first one to
realize that the the economic weapon is
a complete kill shot if you're willing
to use it aggressively if you turn your
screen sideways that chats will light it
light up in a different place that might
work better for you you can also turn
off the chats if you don't want to
listen to it if you don't want to see
that comments go by I think you push the
little face of the little icon of a
person in the bottom right of your
screen and somewhere in the settings
that would give you choice of turning
off the comments if you don't like them
well as economics is weapon when he
bombed Syria I think the Syrian conflict
I'm gonna mark as the last of the
military ones so my point is not that
there won't be military action because
obviously that's gonna last a while but
a serious perfect example of where it
didn't work
you know Isis didn't get what they
wanted and nobody else did either they
just got a destroyed country with too
much immigration
so Syria might be the example that kicks
off the new world because even Syria
didn't work yeah look at the fact that
you know that war because it was a
traditional war
it attracted how many different nations
to be fighting in that little piece of
dirt that nobody wanted it's the perfect
example of why you shouldn't have any
more Wars UN countries will still be
buying Iranian oil some will but it
seems to be that that will constrict
over time alright I don't have a thing
else to say because there's no news
Thursday will be interesting I still
don't know if the Christian for thing
will be televised do we know that
probably not
anyway that's all for now I get a good
work I'll talk to you later bye for now
if I can hit that little axe bye for now