I'm pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
it's time it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams in a moment I'm gonna be
introducing a special guest whose book
read November already in the top ten a
lot of its categories on Amazon I was
noticing and is only just out today I
believe what would be talking to Joel
Pollak in a little bit should my
technology work the way I'd like you to
but before that yeah before that we have
to do some very very important stuff
something that will change your life a
little bit it's called the simultaneous
sip makes everything better
and all you need is a cup or a mug or a
glass of Thank You Chancellor Stein a
canteen director flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine the end of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
including pandemics it's called the
simultaneous set and it happens now join
me
I feel sorry for all the people who did
not take a sip just then because their
relative happiness is now not even close
to the people who set big difference big
difference alright yeah let me turn that
off people who don't know that I'm live
at this time of day what's up with them
let's see if joel has found his way here
yet not yet
Joel when you find me on periscope and I
know you're looking for me right now I
will find you back and I will cancel
this hmm alright any moment now my
special guests will be here and we will
talk about that while I'm waiting I'll
just keep my eye on that little
indicator there and did you know that
China is experiencing massive flooding
right now I was looking at the pictures
of it the aerial pictures there's a lot
of Chinese cities that are just
underwater right now and it's this
massive you know disaster and I'm not
entirely sure
if the news is covering it much it's
like something of that size is amazing
that it doesn't get much attention
alright Joel you will be here any moment
probably searching on periscope app to
find me right now and I'll connect you
as soon as you're there all right
it looks like another day of protesters
protesting all of the wrong things it
seems that the the issue of police
shooting black people has somehow
elevated to the the number-one topic for
black people but I wonder if you were to
you know do some kind of a survey and
say all right could you rank all of your
biggest problems
yeah can you rank your biggest the
smallest problems I feel as though the
protests are about some of their
smallest problems there we go
I think I see you now Joel you just
appeared and here you come Joel can you
hear me hey our technologies working I
did your book come out today yes he came
out today read November I am reading it
even now as we speak and loving it
actually I I love your writing thank you
I might mention you off and on my
periscopes and you just for people who
don't know you are according to the book
jacket senior editor at large and
in-house counsel at Breitbart news is
that correct that is correct now the the
thing I loved about this book is that
you as a conservative writer if I can
call you that author were following
around the Democratic primary folks and
writing about it your personal
experience as well as the the fabric of
it and I get it I have to give you a
compliment now if you don't mind you
don't mind you no not at all I love
there there's something you do in your
writing that this is just sort of a
dirty dirty writer thing that you notice
that maybe the regular public doesn't
notice but you do not step on a joke and
what I mean by that is that there
throughout the book I found myself
chuckling at things that were funny but
the way you presented them was
completely factual but the way you set
it out just made it funny so what I like
about it is a bad writer would add the
joke to the joke but but the material
was the joke and my my favorite my
favorite one there that you you added no
joke to it because it didn't eat it it
was just a plain description was about
the the so-called hats and how
they became popular but
they they had to retire it because the
transgender community argued something
about the necessity of a vagina and it
was it was not inclusive enough and it
went away if it would have been so easy
for you to add a little joke to that you
know just a little irony
ironically it would way and the fact
that you just played that straight as a
writer I just said alright that's that
that's some good writing there because
you know it would have been so easy to
step on that and you didn't all right so
that's that your luck your writing style
is excellent it makes the whole thing
work and I like the fact that I will let
you talk in a minute too I know my
audience gets mad at me would I do this
well let me just just jump right into
that as you were following the
Democratic primary process around you
had a number of notable encounters well
and I'm interested how often did you get
recognized just visually as being sort
of a Breitbart kind of guy in in this
crowd of liberals how often did they spy
you once in a while it became more of an
issue the further in we went and toward
February of this year that's when people
stopped talking to me quite as freely
now is that because they were on to you
what what changed I think what happened
was kind of a general paranoia it really
started at Bernie Sanders events and I
have to say this as a compliment to the
Bernie Sanders campaign they were the
friendliest toward media including me I
never had any trouble with the Bernie
Sanders campaign they were open to
everybody but I think they felt like
their candidate was getting crowded out
their candidate was getting railroaded
by the establishment and so there was
this kind of paranoia that began to set
in toward everybody it wasn't just me
and Bernie Sanders supporters became
less willing to talk to me the closer we
got to Super Tuesday
yeah everybody was getting a little
little tense by that and a little
distrustful now did you find a let's say
a personality difference in general with
the different campaigns you mentioned
the the the Bernie personality if you
will but was there was a global
personality for example did the others
have a character to the crowd
well it's interesting the one that stood
out for me the most I mean you can
imagine Bernie Sanders supporters tended
to be young students and Ageing
ex-hippies for example the Biden
personality tended to be someone wearing
a union jacket that sort of thing but
there was one personality that changed
over the course of the campaign when
Pete Buddha judge started it was very
gay his campaign I mean his supporters
tended to be very much from the LGBT
community but once Elizabeth Warren
faded what was interesting was a lot of
the soccer moms that supported Elizabeth
Warren migrated over to Pete Buddha jej
and wherever I went in Iowa Pete Buddha
jej was surrounded by middle-aged white
ladies he had this incredible magnetism
and and so that changed that was
interesting Wow and you had some tense
encounters with some candidates
including Joe Biden for people who
didn't see that in the news because you
made news with that can you tell them
about that yeah so at the Iowa State
Fair in August last year I had an
opportunity to ask Joe Biden about the
fine people hoax because remember he
launched his campaign claiming that
Donald Trump had called neo-nazis very
fine people which viewers of your
periscope will know never happened and I
said to him are you aware that you're
misquoting
Donald Trump and he insisted that this
happened and he got red in the face and
he confronted me and it was this viral
video a moment it went everywhere and by
the time I bought my fried Oreos or
whatever I ate as a snack after that
press conference you know you got to buy
something fried and at the Iowa State
Fair the video had gone everywhere but
it didn't have any effect on Biden he
still sticks to that
find people hoaxes even to this day yeah
there there's no effect to information
it just bounces right off everybody now
I'm very interested since you
you've got to see Biden live a number of
times and and up close because you were
literally talking to him and that in
that exchange and now you've watched him
through his basement Biden phase is it
my imagination or is it obvious that he
is faded even since January of this year
is is that my imagination
he has faded and what's interesting is
the degree to which people haven't
reported it but there's one moment that
stood out for me I was in South Carolina
covering Joe Biden and he was in a town
called Spartanburg which is a very nice
place and he gave his stump speech and
then it was clear he forgot to conclude
whatever he was supposed to say at the
end he had left out inadvertently but
they had already started playing the
music to end the presentation and people
were already filing out of the room
leaving and he grabbed the microphone
back and said wait a minute wait a
minute and then he started shouting over
everybody
people are already leaving but he's sort
of shouting the conclusion that he
forgot to add and I looked at this and I
thought something's really not right
here this is just the strangest thing
I've ever seen but could you could you
put a descriptor on how you think he
might have changed the sort of non
sentences and the confusing stuff is
there more of it now there is more of it
now I think he's just having trouble
remembering words there was a point last
week he wanted to criticize Donald Trump
for America first and Biden couldn't
remember the word first he sort of says
well America America the same thing he
did with the Declaration of Independence
we hold these truths to be self-evident
you know the thing the thing so there's
there's that and I think he can manage
it for short stretches it's not
consistent he can do the debate for
about an hour but then he starts to fade
and what was interesting to me and this
again is not reported anywhere
other than you know in my book basically
but Joe Biden never did a single spin
room after any of the debates there were
11 or so debates and Joe Biden did not
linger after the debates to talk to
reporters even once and I think that's
partly because he was afraid of gaffes
and his campaign was steering him away
from reporters but also because it was
just too late at night it was past his
bedtime and I think it was a real
concern for the campaign that people
would see he had deteriorated yeah did
you see him walking and did he have any
trouble just walking on his own he can
walk fine Kenny yeah he can walk fine
he's physically okay for the most part
there was that moment where he had a
burst blood vessel during I think it was
the climate change Town Hall and his eye
sort of seemed to fill with blood so he
has a few physical things going on but
walking is he's okay yeah a few physical
things is probably an understatement I'd
love to see his medicine cabinet I'm
kind of feeling that's that's bristling
with stuff so which of which of the
candidates let's say you surprised you
the most when you got up close was there
anybody who who jumped out and you said
to yourself you know this person could
have been president they just didn't
make it to the finals that would be Amy
Klobuchar she had the most presidential
quality she was a very serious candidate
and she actually lasted right through to
the end
even though she had no money and very
little support from the media and from
the party and in a way she suffered from
the impeachment because the impeachment
kept the Senators in Washington during a
key period right before the Iowa
caucuses it's almost as if the
Democratic Party interfered in their own
primary so while you know Pete Berta jej
could walk around Iowa for weeks on end
Amy Klobuchar had to sit in the Senate
listening to these endless presentations
and it happened right at a point when
she was surging in Iowa so it really cut
her campaign off before it could blossom
she peaked eventually but she peaked too
late well it sounds like a systemic
white supremacy because they let the
white guy who didn't have a job wander
around
or at least win the primary while the
well the well employed woman had to go
to work
well terribly unfair so did you find
that people had let's say arguments that
they wanted to bring you when they would
see you in the crowd or did they just
have hate actually most of my
interactions with people right up until
the end were positive and it was
reassuring to discover that the people
in the audience at Democratic campaign
events weren't really that different
from people in the audience at
Republican events they just had a
different mental map of the world but
people are basically the same the one
really hysterical thing that happened in
terms of audience interactions was beta
O'Rourke had an event at an historically
black college Benedict College in South
Carolina and I went there and I tried to
find the event it was on campus
somewhere the students were incredibly
helpful people showed me where it was
and I'm in this room that about 200
black students in the room waiting for
Bay to Aurora and then one of his
campaign staffers came over and
basically ejected me from the meeting
and for no reason no explanation but
they found out I was from Breitbart and
they called the police officer over and
he escorted me off the campus and you
know there was no negative interaction
with the people in the room whatsoever
but later on when reporters said to beta
O'Rourke why'd you kick the Breitbart
guy out the campaign said well because
we felt he was threatening to the
students I'm just like sitting there and
in a way it was this weird moment
because CNN which hates bright Barton
would like to see us out of business
CNN actually defended me and they gave a
very negative portrayal to baito
O'Rourke's kicking out of this Breitbart
reporter and in a way it was the
beginning of the end of the O'Rourke
campaign because he had campaigned as a
great champion of press freedom and here
he was kicking people out of an event at
a black college
well now was a.cian defending you or
were they let's say wanting to get paid
oh and at the race because they had a
favorite it could have been that also
yeah bata was definitely
leigh-anne early favorite you know they
gave a lot of coverage to him on the day
he launched but then he started jumping
on tables and waving his arms around and
I think they decided this wasn't gonna
work yeah yeah they figured that out
early all right what is your best
explanation of how Biden made it through
the pack
well the simplest explanation is just
the party establishment decided they did
not want Bernie Sanders a non Democrat
taking over the party the way Donald
Trump a non Republican had taken over
the Republican Party and Bernie Sanders
going into South Carolina had won the
first three primary contests he was the
first candidate of either party to win
the popular vote in the first three
contests of any primary he won Nevada on
February 22nd with almost 50% of the
votes so he looked completely dominant
he was doing incredibly well among
Latino voters and the Bernie Sanders
supporters were already talking about
his cabinet picks I was in the spin room
after the Nevada debate and Jeff Weaver
his adviser was saying well it's a
little too early to be picking the
Secretary of Education and all this you
know they were almost there they could
taste it they could feel it and I think
the party establishment which at the
time didn't believe they were gonna win
the election now they think they are
gonna win but I think at the time they
didn't think they were gonna win but
they thought you know what if we're
gonna go down we're not gonna go down
with this guy running the party we want
to maintain control of the Democratic
Party so they united against him and
decided that even if they were gonna
lose that we're gonna lose with a
Democrat not with a socialist do you
think there were any dirty tricks that
the Democrats played against other
Democrats to get Biden through specific
did the the Democratic Party would have
put their finger on the scale oh yeah
there were all kinds of leaks against
Sanders once Sanders became a threat
there were all sorts of things that were
leaked including allegations of russia'
collusion that he had that he had been
briefed by intelligence agents that
there were some efforts by Russians to
infiltrate his campaign that story came
out and was reported in the mainstream
media as if it was happening in real
time but in fact it had happened several
weeks before and Sanders had been
briefed about it and it wasn't
for public consumption but they
basically went with the Russia collusion
narrative to try to take down Sanders
but I'll think you know as I think about
it I don't think by Bernie was taken
down by any news like it doesn't seem
like there was a news report that
necessarily moved the needle just you
know facts facts don't really change
things so it feels like something else
happened like you know maybe was was it
who was the big recommendation in South
Carolina it was james Clyburn he's the
House Majority Whip and the most senior
african-american leader in Washington
today and he came out in favor of Biden
there were also a couple other things
that happened that we're interesting you
know when Barack Obama ran for president
in 2008 he also had to deal with South
Carolina and there the Democratic Party
establishment is very strong they've got
union groups church groups and so forth
and Clinton Hillary Clinton had all of
those groups wrapped up so Barack Obama
went to the rural areas and he spoke to
black voters in the countryside Bernie
Sanders didn't do that Bernie Sanders
was still sticking to the urban centers
and the college campuses and so it might
have been a strategic mistake on his
part but also he just had trouble really
closing the deal with black voters in
South Carolina but james Clyburn was
huge I mean Joe Biden had never won a
primary in three presidential campaigns
had never won any state until james
Clyburn came out and said you gotta vote
for this guy so it felt like when
Clyburn gave his recommendation he was
kind of saying that you're not voting
for Biden you're voting for all of us
you know sort of the established
Democrats is sort of felt like that was
the change in the frame there that was
exactly what happened and he gave a long
speech about the civil rights movement
and all sorts of things that Joe Biden
had very little to do with and all of
that was to be defended by voting for
Biden and to be honest when I went to
events in South Carolina they did feel a
little bit like a family reunion around
Joe Biden that he was kind of the legacy
of Obama even though Obama hadn't
endorsed him it was kind of like
bringing the old band back together the
good memories of that Obama campaign and
so Biden represented
and that's one of the reasons he had a
connection with this electorate which
was new because Biden had really no
constituency in the black community
before Barack Obama plucked him out of
the sidelines and put him on the ticket
but that's what it was in South Carolina
it was a sense of familiarity and a
connection to Obama - let me ask you
about a little bit of process what the
heck is that like being an author who
has a new book that just came out which
I'll show again to my audience red
November Jonah Pollock excellent I'm
reading it right now and enjoying it
very much and what's it like doing a
book tour when you can't you can't do
all the normal things you would do are
you trying to do it mostly remotely yeah
you have to do it remotely and the only
good news is if you want to make the
bestseller list everybody else trying to
sell the book is also in the same boat
so you're all in a level playing field
in that sense but the other interesting
thing about it is people have time to
read so the market for books is still
there because people are at home and
they're looking for interesting things
but just in terms of process you know
balancing it with an everyday job I have
to say that your approach systems rather
than goals is really how I got this book
done you know you can do anything if you
break it down into small enough pieces
and just doing it day by day will allow
me to get it done you know I was uh I
was also impressed at how you found a
way for your your day job and your book
to you know be part of the same process
so you could you know you could double
up on your productivity there so that
worked out really well for you what what
is there about the book that I haven't
asked that you would this is the
ultimate bad interviewer question but
now let me give you I'll tell you the
worst book interviewer questions since
I've received them all I'll do it
you can't see me but I'm opening your
book on video to a random page and then
I say you talked about zelinsky's
predecessor on page 143 can you can you
tie that to the larger Biden theme visa
vie Bernie and socialism and how that
relates to black lives matter
go it's like I don't know that's nothing
about my boy Quito but no I like to ask
this because often an author will say
alright I got my three anecdotes and
looking for the place to fit him in and
if I didn't give you a place you might
have an anecdote ready I'm just giving
you that opportunity well you have the
smartest audience in political media so
I could go on and talk about the
likelihood that Democrats would bring
about a socialist revolution after
November and I actually believe that but
on your periscope you break it down
beyond left-right Democrat Republican
you really get to the underlying meaning
so I actually had something I wanted to
draw your attention to specifically when
I thought about what I would say on your
periscope and I talked about this a
little bit in the book but one of the
reasons the Democratic Party moved so
far to the left was because of the media
and specifically CNN and Republicans
like to criticize CNN because they hate
Trump even though they're supposed to be
neutral so it's kind of a running gag
it's fraudulent whatever but they did
something I think that had a uniquely
destructive effect on the democratic
party without meaning to and that was
they held a series of issue based town
halls every network holds town halls
with candidates that's fine you can ask
the candidates questions and so forth
but CNN decided they were going to
devote airtime to specific issues like
they had a climate change Town Hall they
devoted seven hours of programming to
climate change they also had an LGBTQ
Town Hall and the problem with doing
these issue based town halls is that the
people in the audience in the room are
the activists on that particular issue
and so the candidates compete with one
another to please that audience and so
they become more and more extreme in the
things they say so the stuff that was
coming out of the Democratic candidates
even the smarter ones like Andrew yang
on the climate change Town Hall for
example was just crazy I mean he had
camel Harris talking about plastic
straws and Andrew yang talking about
forcing everyone to buy electric cars
nuts and it was just basically creating
campaign material for Donald Trump
because he could just show how crazy
these candidates were and the moment of
all they'll go ahead well how much of
that is just because there were so many
of them and they needed something to
break through so they they had to
violate expectations or else it would
disappear I think that's part of it I
also think it's part of the way the
Democratic Party is constructed it has a
lot of different interest groups and if
you don't pay them enough attention they
claim that you're silencing them so you
know there was this moment in the lgbtq
Town Hall where CNN had done a special
event around these issues and there was
a black trans woman who got up in other
words someone who's biologically male
but identifies as female who got up in
the middle of someone else's
presentation ran to the front seized the
microphone and started screaming about
how CNN was ignoring black trans women
well yeah it was it was hilarious and
Republicans had a good laugh because it
was sort of a strange window onto the
Democratic Party but that's what happens
if you don't give every little interest
group its platform then people will
complain about it well I'd like to
amplify that criticism which is a CNN
does not give enough time to black trans
people I think they need to answer for
that a little bit all right
Joel thank you so much again it's red
November available now it's climbing up
the charts and you're gonna want to read
this because it's it's a really good
read I love your writing style and thank
you so much for joining me thanks for
the opportunity and back to my
simultaneous coffee all right take care
all right that was fun get that book
you're gonna like it a few other things
yeah I asked this question on Twitter
and this is a serious question for
mental health professionals it goes like
this how can you distinguish it between
justified anger about a legitimate
social issue for
is some kind of victimhood mental
disorder in other words when does
complaining turn into a mental disorder
in in the situation in which the thing
you're complaining about is real and
especially if there are people who are
experiencing those same real problems
but for whatever reason they're not
bothered by them so if some people are
not bothered by them but others have
built a life around it and it defines
them and it bothers them etc at what
point does it literally become a mental
problem because almost anything that's
normal behavior if it gets extended that
becomes a mental problem right so
everybody has anger about normal things
you should be angry about but if you
have excessive anger that would be some
kind of a emotional mental or a health
care situation where is the line on
victimhood now I saw some studies and I
tweeted it in which people who there is
actually so this is a valid discussion
in the healthcare world
at which point victimhood which is
natural and universal you know everybody
complains about bad stuff that happens
to them everybody is a victim of about
something but there's there's a normal
and sensible way to handle that and then
there's you know the the mental health
problem if you go too far and I think I
think we're treating all of the
protesters like they're healthy and I
don't know that that's the case
because I don't know that that's I don't
know that they're all demonstrating good
mental health but yeah we treat them all
like they're mentally you know in a good
place they just have a different
political opinion I'm not sure that's
exactly what's going on you know there
are a lot of people protesting and they
have a million different reasons you
know slightly different reasons but I
think some of it is mental health and
not that these people are organically
damaged but in the way that well this
would be a bad example I was gonna make
a PTSD example but that doesn't quite
fit because that actually is some some
real damage their brain Weiss but I
think we should not ignore that the
people who are most excited about this
stuff might just have mental health
issues in her in a real way not not in a
political way not in a joking way in an
actual real health care sense there's
something going on that's not healthy
and I would make this distinction it
seems to me that people who have an
abundance mindset can the handle
victimhood better meaning they're just
as much victims if there's a real social
issue they're just as much victims but
it doesn't bother them because they
think well it doesn't matter how much
you have because there's still plenty
you know the the amount you have in no
way changes the amount I can get if I
follow the same process of you know
studying and working hard and staying at
a jail so why aren't we talking about an
abundance mindset to fix whatever is
bothering the people who are protesting
fairly directly instead of just
listening which doesn't help about
fixing it and there are two ways to fix
it one way is to fix the base problem
and to the extent that is fixable why
not why wouldn't you try to fix it of
course you would but also recognize that
the way people are reacting to the base
problem
which is real may not be good mental
health so there's that there's there's
also the problem I talk about a lot of
confusing the problem with a solution
and I think that's behind the mental
health part of the victimhood
because it's one thing to say yes I'm a
victim but my solution to that is not
focusing on the problem let's say the
problem was racism the my solution is
not where the problem is the problem is
racism let's say but I can't solve that
but what I can do is change my own
mindset and just succeed
now does succeeding fix racism sort of
it sort of does because if you're
personally successful you're far more
immune both psychologically if somebody
criticizes you and says hey you know
there's something wrong with you because
of your ethnicity all you have to do is
say hey look at my bank account how
about that right so success gives you
armor against all kinds of attacks and I
can I can vouch for that and I always go
back to the OJ quote the OJ Simpson was
famous for saying allegedly that he said
I'm not I'm not black I'm OJ which is
the the extreme version of that you know
he had made such a successful you know
until he killed somebody
allegedly he had made such a successful
career that you just thought of him as
OJ he had he had transcended you know
identity but that's it the extreme
example all right
today and Dilbert I'm still trying to
get cancelled I think I'm getting closer
so I've got a theme this week of the the
boss character in Dilbert is being
accused of being a white supremacist and
if that doesn't get me cancelled I don't
know I will but we're running that right
now and at the same time I want to tell
you that I've had a bit of an evolution
about this white supremacy charge
complaint observation whatever you want
to call it you may have noticed that the
term white supremacy has very much
changed in about a month let me ask you
if you've noticed this is it not true
that a month ago if somebody said
somebody is a white supremacist that the
understood meaning from both the person
saying it and the person hearing it they
had the same understanding that it meant
white people who thought they were
superior to other people am i right a
month ago that's what you thought it
meant and the people who were saying it
apparently thought it meant that to most
of them again yeah everybody's different
there are lots of different people with
different messages but sort of a general
theme is that a month ago it was about a
person thinking they were superior to
other ethnicities I spent about a month
the saying that that doesn't exist
saying if it would be easy to prove it
exists that there's such a person who
thinks that white people are superior to
other groups and in all things that you
can be superior in and I said I've never
met one and I doubt one exists and if
you notice that in the last month
nobody produced what nobody said AHA
Scott I only need one example to prove
you wrong you know if you say Bigfoot
doesn't exist
you only need one Bigfoot to prove you
wrong about the Bigfoots and likewise
you only needed one example of somebody
who would say it out loud and say yeah
that's exactly what I believed didn't
happen
and in that month correct me if I'm
wrong about this but my my understanding
is that what white supremacy means now
is different and it seems to be evolved
and it's evolved to a place where I
actually agree with it surprise right so
the current definition of what white
supremacy means in the context of black
lives matter and the protests the
current I mean really current I mean
like today versus one month ago that
current is that it really refers to the
fact that the system doesn't have all
the mobility that you need so there's
the people at the top who are mostly
white it's hard to dislodge them and
it's hard to get up to their level
because you have a system that's a
little bit ossified it's a little bit
hard for anybody to to work up from
having no money to having a lot of money
it can be done it's just not that common
so when it happens it's a news story
right one of the reasons that I was a
news story for decades is that I I
managed to solve that problem of going
from poor to not poor and I did it with
Dilbert so it became a news story and a
big part of the story was the success
part not just the comic part so I would
agree that if you want to use the term
white supremacy it's provocative and may
and I don't think I would use it but I
understand why it's being used it's
about a system that just doesn't help
people up anymore let me give you an
example of that when I was 21 and
entering the workforce after college you
could rent a place for just about
nothing and live in the city San
Francisco so you could just get a
roommate and you could afford your rent
and you could eat on a very low paying
job which I had my job paid 735 dollars
a month and I could have you know a
one-room apartment and rented it in the
city and
take public transportation and I could
live and then I could build my way up
but I also could afford to college so I
could afford a college and I could
afford housing and living while I worked
on my career and stuff and learn things
and eventually put together enough you
know skills and my skill stack and try
to enough things that it finally worked
out for me that situation doesn't exist
anymore if you are I'll just pick for my
example if you're a young person of
color can you definitely go to college
you know you could probably get
scholarships and stuff but it's tough
could you rent an apartment in a place
that was a good job market its stuff so
I would agree that there is some
solidifying of the rich mostly white not
not entirely but mostly white and more
men than women it is a little a little
frozen and if you said to me is this a
system which is stable and should last
forever I'd say I'll think so I don't
think that our current system should be
protected surprised because the the
people on the Left are saying we want to
dismantle everything and I actually
believe that that is necessary but how
do you dismantle everything how do you
do that how do you do it without
breaking everything well I was preparing
I was gonna prepare a special periscope
on that very idea now I think it would
be a gigantic mistake to just break
everything without something new and
better to replace it that'd be the worst
idea but I do agree that you need some
way that to pick an example a young
black man who's born in an urban
environment can can look at his
prospects and say yeah I can I can do
that I can get an apartment on my own I
can you know
the skills and training I need that just
doesn't exist the way it used to
so yeah that's worth fixing and so I
think it's absolutely and I have to say
that I have also evolved in my thinking
to the point where if you see all the
ways the system is stacked against
everybody who doesn't have money you
could easily say that that has a racial
component that is highly correlated to
that but here's the only thing I want to
add to the understanding for every
person of color who says to themselves
those rich white people in power you
know they're they just want to keep
their power and their white supremacist
and stuff like that here's the thing you
need to know those white men who were in
power they will throw me under the bus
much faster than you so let me just say
that to a successful white man who's
rich is a CEO he's a leader or whatever
the least valuable human in the world is
me another white man who is not
successful let's say let's say if I had
not been and indeed you know I've told
you the story when I was a young man and
my all-white mostly male senior
executive said we just got in trouble
for having no diversity and the way
we're gonna fix it is by punishing
unsuccessful or not yet successful white
men successful white men threw me under
the bus three times in my life three
times in my life successful white men
have shoved a stick so far up my ass
that I could taste it
you didn't need that but I thought I
throw it in there
so if you think I love successful white
men you would be very wrong because
they're all if I may be if I
may be honest about it
successful white men pretty much all
 now what would happen if you
replaced the successful white men who
can be with let's say all black
men or black women it would take about a
month before they were all
because successful people don't want to
give up their stuff they don't want to
give it up to poor white people they
don't want to give it up to people of
color they don't want to give it up
anybody so the the magic trick the black
lives matter has played is to imagine
that that top 1% of successful white
people who also do not want to help
unsuccessful white people that that the
white people are all some kind of team
we're not we're not the white people are
not a team the successful people will
throw the unsuccessful people under the
bus in a heartbeat to protect their
position what's the best thing you can
do if you were marked Benioff Marc
Benioff is a successful white guy a
billionaire who runs Salesforce what
would be the most self-interested thing
he could do the most self-interested
thing he could do as a successful white
billionaire is to throw unsuccessful
white people mostly men under the bus
it's the smartest thing to do
wouldn't you do it of course you would
of course you would because the
alternative is you're a white
supremacist why would you choose oh I'll
be a white supremacist when you could be
a hero
now that said Marc Benioff is actually
an awesome person who is very good for
the world so I have only good things to
say about him he's he's genuinely a good
person who is just a good force in the
world
but the fact is you know white people
are not some big unified group in that
sense all right I want to thank all the
bitter and broken people who had bad
comments about my recent wedding you
know what all the comments were of
course all is all age related jokes and
you know money and beauty and blah blah
blah and it's it was kind of
entertaining though so Christine and I
have some fun looking at the haters
because first of all they're all sexist
which is funny so most of the people who
complained well a lot of them tended to
be on the left and yeah there were just
people were my critics in general so it
was just one more reason to pile on but
what are the most common things they
said was that Christina was marrying me
for money now what is the assumption
that's built into that there's an
assumption built into that statement
isn't there the assumption is that she
didn't already have money where did that
come from why would they make the
assumption that the attractive woman
would not have her own money right and
you know it's not for me to delve into
my personal situation more than I should
but why would you make that assumption
you would only make that assumption if
you were a sexist so the people who were
saying oh yeah
of course she's marrying you for your
money are making a big assumption which
is not in evidence and the facts I was
watching a Jordan Peterson interview
with who was it Ben Shapiro and Jordan
Peterson was making this comment about
evolution and I'd never heard it framed
this way it was kind of it was kind of
eye-opening and he said that men decide
which men get to procreate and I thought
what that doesn't make sense and he
explained it this way
that men naturally organized into
competitive pyramids where you you
competing for a job or you're competing
at a sport or whatever you're competing
at and it always creates a hierarchy so
if you're if you create a sport and it
becomes basketball then at the top of
the hierarchy is Michael Jordan so it's
a male thing to compete this is Jordan
Peterson's explanation it's a male thing
to compete and that competing has the
the functional purpose of identifying
the people who are good to reproduce
with meaning that if you're competing on
brains and academic situation the
smartest person will rise up and they'll
get Nobel prizes and book deals and
stuff and then women will identify
they'll be able to see which men have
been promoted by other men to be the
most let's say the most valuable mating
partners so I've never heard that before
of you that it's men who decide which
men get all the mating opportunities by
their competition and that women are
simply responding to what men have
presented it's like oh well you know you
men work that out and when you're done
competing you'll tell us which one's won
and then we'll we'll choose them for our
mating and I thought that's just
completely different frame on things and
I thought yeah yeah that makes sense
makes sense
all right illa see did you see the story
about sleeping giants sleeping giants is
a small organization far left and had
two principal people and what they did
was they would try to get advertisers
not to advertise on conservative
networks such as Breitbart so they went
after the Breitbart advertisers
successfully I guess and they went after
other advertisers who were associated
with conservative content and they were
very successful in being
bad human beings now when I say they're
bad human beings I don't you know I'd
always say that about many people and
that's a pretty extreme statement to say
that you're a bad human now when I say
they were bad human I mean that you're
working hard to make the world a worse
place that's different than somebody
who's in a bad situation and you know
they had to steal to feed the family or
something so I'm not talking about you
know crime tends to be situational but
if you're really dedicating all of your
time to making the world a worse place
you're not a good person and these two
people dedicated all of their time to
making free speech less less available
because even though the government
allows you to have free speech if the
market shuts you down says yeah we're
not going to advertise on that platform
therefore the platform goes away it's
really working full-time to have less
freedom of speech now I certainly would
have agreed with them or at least
supported the idea that if they were
trying to shut down specific messages
like oh I disagree with that specific
message that's fair but shutting down
all speech from somebody who has a
certain you know political view is
pretty much Nazi fascist bad human being
behavior but here's the punchline the
the two people were a white guy and a
woman of color Nandhini
Jemmy and apparently the white guy
totally screwed the woman of color
according to the woman of color and
minimized her contribution and acted
like she wasn't part of it until she
just got disgusted and pushed down to
her left or something so the fact that
this super woke organization that exists
just to make the world worse had a
falling out because even within the two
people there were only two people and
even they couldn't get along racially
they had a racial problem with just two
people
who were trying to be the wolken leftist
people in the world
neener neener all right
if you want to see a good example of
persuasion man this is good listen and I
tweeted this so you can find it in my
tweeter Twitter feed
listen to tucker carlson interviewing
mark McCluskey the lawyer who was one of
the two people the couple who defended
their home with the guns and had the the
police came and took their guns away now
it's the second time he's been on Tucker
so if you do a google search make sure
you get the one that just happened so
and listen to McCluskey who is of course
a very successful attorney and man can
you see why he's successful that was
some of the best persuasion technique I
have ever seen and and he was really
good and let me give you just one
example I always talked to you about
visual persuasion how important the
visual part is but you can do visual
persuasion by showing an actual picture
which is visual or you can describe a
story that people imagine it visually
and you get the same impact because your
imagination gives you the picture when
he was describing his situation with the
police coming I'll try to paraphrase it
but he described it this way he said
that the police he this is his first
statement was pro-police
so first of all can you beat that can
you beat the first thing that comes out
of your mouth being pro-police
no that is just smart all right it's
smarter for this case it's more for any
future case it's just smart so he says
the police were very professional and
then here's the party he says my wife
asked he said they were almost
apologetic now and you can imagine it
right now he says the police came to
confiscate his guns but they were almost
apologetic can't you see the movie in
your head you see it right you see the
police showing up you see McCloskey and
his wife and you see their demeanor
being almost apologetic so now it's like
a movie and you can see it and that he
further the movie and he said my wife
asked if she could take there take a
picture but she asked if they would turn
around so that their faces were not
shown because we wanted to protect them
from you know any ridicule or anything
if their faces showed up and they agreed
now you see the picture right in your
mind you see the police saying oh yeah
we'll do that oh I get it thank you for
protecting us turned around took the
picture you see the movie in your head
and you're seeing that the police loving
this couple agreeing with them feeling
guilty that they have to take their guns
but they're very polite and professional
and the couple appreciated them so much
that they had a good interaction it was
a positive experience oh man that's just
so good it's just so good and that's
that's not the only thing he did like he
used contrast he used pacing
here's his demeanor when he talked about
it that by the way this is a topic which
I've never mentioned and I keep thinking
of it so I'll put it in this this one if
you sound defensive you sound less
persuasive if you sound defensive you
sound less persuasive listen to
McCloskey talk and you don't see
anything defensive sounding it is a
defense
I mean he's defending himself but it
doesn't sound defensive he is simply
talking now if you could pull that off
if you could pull off the I'm simply
describing things confidently and with a
smile this as I'm in control and you
just hear is straight it can be it it
convinces you that the speaker knows
what they're talking about and is
credible and then that's more persuasive
let me if let me do if I can a my
impression of every unpersuasive pundit
on TV I see if I can do this impression
have to have a topic to talk about so
I'll talk about President Trump had a
tweet that was offensive
all right let's I know it's hard to
imagine but imagine that for a second
here would be a a conservative who's
defending it who is too defensive well
you know if he if he does these tweets
but you know and and and you know I
don't people are getting so excited
about what are you getting so excited
about it's just a tweet you see what I'm
saying that sounded like you're trying
too hard you're trying to persuade
people with your attitude not with not
with your words the lawyer is just
giving you words but man they're just
packed with visual content contrast and
technique I mean he's really really good
so you got to see that all right there
was a interesting story of a
african-american man in Michigan who was
wrongly arrested based on some bad
facial recognition so that's kind of
scary isn't it now one of the the knocks
on facial recognition is that it's it
has a harder time with black faces I
guess it doesn't pick up the contrast as
well or something I don't know but
here's the things that are interesting
about this story so the way it worked
was some facial recognition was used on
I think some video from a security
camera of somebody committing a crime
they got a match for this man who ended
up being wrongly accused they went to
his house they arrested him they
arrested him in front of his family took
him into the police house and then they
showed him the the security video of the
guy that they thought was him doing this
crime and here's how the innocent black
man responded to that he took their
picture he held it up next to his say
face and now I'm paraphrasing because I
wasn't there but
I imagine it went like this do you think
this looks like me are you
serious do you think all black people
look alike look at the picture look at
me look at the picture look at me it's
not me and then they looked at
the picture and they looked at him and
they said yeah that's not you and they
let him go
now when I read the story it was a story
about the dangers of facial recognition
but is that what happened is that what
that story told you that the facial
recognition was bad because here's what
I heard in that story
if those police officers had brought
with them to the man's home the picture
that they showed him at the precinct
instead of arresting him to go show him
a picture are you kidding me
they arrested him to show him a
picture and they couldn't do that when
they were at his house
nobody had a phone nobody had a
photocopier they couldn't bring the
 picture with them to say I'm
looking at you now live I'm looking at
the picture okay that's not you that's
all it would have been but here's the
second part of it so the first part is
when you see a story about facial
recognition and picking up the wrong
people
ask yourself if it was a human problem
or a technology problem this was clearly
a technology trigger because they had a
wrong match but the problem was a human
problem because if the humans could tell
the difference when he was in the
precinct they could surely tell the
difference when they were standing at
his doorstep and it could have gone a
little bit differently don't you think
all right now here's the the punchline
now all facial recognition software is
the same
so do you think that every facial
recognition would have gotten a wrong
hit it would not and in fact about all
of the competitors to that facial
recognition software immediately ran his
picture through their system and found
out whether their system worked or not
so do not assume that a bad facial
recognition software is the same problem
to society as one that works and there
are ones that can identify black people
and there's some that have more trouble
but we need more of a human a human
process you don't you don't want to ever
have well let me suggest this I've been
talking about creating a digital Bill of
Rights which I'm working on one of the
digital Bill of Rights that we need is
something about facial recognition right
because it's a big scary thing and if
you don't get it right it could be
problems here's what I would recommend
as potentially a bill of digital rights
involving facial recognition that nobody
can be arrested based on a machine
decision you get that nobody could be
arrested based on a machine decision
because that's what happened with the
the black person who was innocent and
got arrested the Machine told the police
to go arrest this guy issue and death
but it did and then they did they found
out he was innocent that should never
happen the machine should at the very
most the machine should tell you who to
talk to
but once you talked to him you gotta
bring the photo along you got to make a
human decision all right you don't look
like the photo right so there should
never be an automatic arrest until a
human being has evaluated the evidence
does that make sense you can never let a
machine cause an arrest it's got to be a
human decision every time otherwise
we'll never be comfortable with the
technology
all right um and the last thing you
would want would be like a machine would
be to generate a bunch of arrests
warrants or something and just sort of
automatically generate them and the cops
just act on it you don't want that all
right remember that story about the
Russians putting a bounty on American
soldiers and that was a big story for a
few days it turns out that the punchline
to that is that the intelligence people
were not sure that it was true so that
that whole thing was this big national
story and the president has to be
impeached for the second time and all
that none of it was really true I mean
there was it was true there was a rumor
but it's not true that our intelligence
people decided it was true it was just
one of the things one of many things
that they heard looked into it couldn't
see that anything was you know credible
there let it go
all right it's amazing when you when you
watch that happen it's it's hard to it's
hard to think you live in a country with
good information all right that is all
for now I'm working on a micro lesson on
what to do if your spouse has TDS and
you'll see that soon and I also have an
idea for fixing socialism and capitalism
and making them coexist do you believe
it yeah it's a brand new concept in
which socialism and capitalism could
live side by side in the same country
and you'd all be happy
we'll see if I can pull that off and I'm
preparing that even as we speak
that's all for now I'll talk to you
later