I wasn't watching the time I think I
missed it by 30
seconds but I know you were patiently
[Music]
waiting good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization Doge and all if you'd like
to take this experience up to level that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper mar glass a tanker
chalice Stein a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure of the
dopamine of the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen right now
go thank thank you
Paul I know you don't like it when I say
thank you but I always appreciate it
like it's it's not trivial so thank you
well so there was uh this morning Jeff
Bezos sent a letter to his Washington
Post
team and this is just about one of the
most interesting
things I've seen in a long time so as
you know the Washington Post gets
accused of you know being sort of a a
leftist tool and then Bezos is not
really super political you know he's
more about just making stuff work so
here's what he wrote to his team and
then he's posting it so we could see it
too and uh I thought I would just read
it because it's the sort of thing if you
paraphrase it you're not going to get it
right because there's there's some
Nuance here so let me just read it all
right Jeff
he says I shared this note with the
Washington Post team this morning I'm
writing to let you know about a change
coming to our opinion Pages now the
opinion pages are where you get the the
real bias
stuff he
says excuse
me he says we're going to be writing
every day in support and defense of two
pillars personal Liberties and free
markets good so far we'll cover other
topics too of course but viewpoints
opposing those pillars will will be left
to be published by others so if there's
anybody who is opposed to personal
Liberty or free markets they're just not
going to have an opinion in in the
Washington Post
okay he goes there was a time when a
newspaper especially one that was a
local Monopoly might have been in uh
might have seen it as a service to bring
to the reader doorstep every morning a
broad-based opinion section that sought
to cover all views today the internet
does that job so he's basically saying
we're not going to try to cover all
views and he says uh here's the fun part
I am of America and for America and
proud to be so our country did not get
here by being typical and a big part of
America's success has been freedom in
the economic realm and everywhere else
freedom is ethical it minimizes coercion
and practical it drives creativity
invention and prosperity all
true and then just listen to this he
said I offered David Shipley so I guess
he is the editor of the opinion page he
goes I offered David Shipley whom I
greatly admire the opportunity to lead
this new chapter I suggested to him that
if the answer wasn't quote hell yes then
it had to be no after careful
consideration David decided to step away
he didn't like this new editorial
Direction and uh he said this is a
significant shift won't be easy and it
will require 100% commitment I respect
this decision we'll be searching for a
new opinion Editor to own this new
direction oh my God uh I'm confident
that free markets and personal Liberties
are right for
America I also believe these viewpoints
are underserved in the current uh Market
of ideas yep they are
underserved um in the news and opinion
stuff I'm excited for us together blah
blah blah Jeff now
does that feel like a big deal to you
because it kind of does to me I mean you
know bezos's voice is you know bigger
than most people's and uh that doesn't
mean that the Washington
Post is completely reformed but wow got
I got this weird tickle in my
nose you ever ever have a nose
tickle what's up with that just
tickles all
right did you know that the legal age in
uh the legal age of marriage in
China is 22 for men in China you have to
be 22 before you can get married and 20
for women how sexist but now one of
their uh one of their political leaders
member of the National
Committee um the
cppcc is trying to put a proposal
together that would lower it to 18
because they're having a child birth
problem
and doesn't that surprise you how many
of you knew that the that you couldn't
get married in China until you're 22 if
you're a
guy so that's one small thing they can
do apparently China has lost population
for three years in a row so it's pretty
dire now I once uh talked about a
different problem that China has with
marriage and I don't know if I have this
right but it's something like this
people are authorized to work in the
place they
live so if you want to fall in love with
somebody who lived in a different city
but wasn't too far away you kind of
can't in any practical way end up living
in the same place and
married because you're both only
authorized to work in your area so if
you go to the other area one of you
can't work and since the young people
kind of both need to work in China it
just makes it basically
economically impossible unless you meet
somebody who's your
neighbor so China does a lot of things
wrong in terms of promoting population
but looks like they're they may be
trying hard to fix
that according to breit Bar news Neil
Monroe there's a shocking poll by
Harvard Harris that says that 70 70 5%
of
Democrats
75% say Joe Biden's migration flood was
an
accident do you ever just feel sorry for
Democrats that that that they haven't
heard any True News in years can you
imagine what that would be like they're
living this you know and there's fake
news on both sides so it's not
completely limited to one side but
imagine thinking how could you even have
this opinion
that Joe Biden's migration flood was
[Laughter]
accidental it was the most planned and
executed and all hands on deck every
single executive order every single
decision every single everything every
bit of it was to open the border and and
it's the most probably one of the most
well-documented facts in in American
history and 75% of Democrats are like
what never heard of that that can't be
true and I think maybe it's just hard
for them
to
understand uh what just
happened uh oh looks like I'm
being uh create an app to
fly
okay oh Elon Musk is mocking I think
he's mocking my post where I was uh
posting about the 75% of Democrats not
knowing it
anyway
um remember I always warn you wait until
you find out about climate models now
most of my viewers are a little
skeptical of climate change or at least
the models you know I don't know if the
climate is changing but um I don't trust
the models and in the context of
learning that every part of America is
corrupt just all of it the judges we'll
talk about this but you know the judges
the media is corrupt because the
Democrats didn't even know that didn't
even know that the Border was open
intentionally so the news is broken the
you know science is broken in five
different ways healthc care is rigged
you know the FDA is got this revolving
door or maybe it's a one-way trip to the
big Pharma and and every time we learn
about anything from NOS to government
funding to whose spouse is collecting
money all the other spouses voting for
it everything is corrupt just from
Finance to health care to science and
everything and yet we still wake up in
the morning and 80% of the country goes
well thank goodness the climate models
are
real there there really isn't the
slightest chance they're real if you've
lived in the real world world for 5
minutes or more everything about this
just screams of all the things you
should not believe the climate model
should be right at the top and you don't
even have to be an expert but let me
give you a couple uh stories you may
have heard of these but uh these are
criticisms of the climate
models so um so there's a study let's
say Climate Change Dispatch is writing
about this Kenneth Richards so there's
this new stud study it's actually 2024
but it's not you know it's not that
early into 2025 yet so it's a newish
study says satellite dat data shows that
ocean evaporation is declining which is
the opposite of what the models say now
you might say to me well I mean that's
just one variable right so maybe the
ocean
evaporation you is not such a big thing
no the ocean evaporation is like the
biggest variable
so because the models are
iterative um in the beginning of the
model it might say CO2 will be this
level and heat will be this level and
then later you'll say CO2 is increased
and the heat is increased but also other
variables such as ice melting will be
different in the future um and one of
the biggest ones is that the climate
warming should cause an increase in
ocean evaporation it's one of the most
basic assumptions built into climate
models it's maybe the biggest one and it
was off by a factor of 10 it wasn't even
in the right direction so now
remember studies no matter what the
studies say maybe there's a 50% chance
that any given study is right so even
the skeptical ones could be wrong you
know so it's not like all the skeptical
ones are correct and all the pro-
science the proclimate change ones are
wrong but just know that the biggest and
this is a published study so it's in
pnas and it seems to indicate very
strongly based
on uh what look like pretty extensive
look at the data that uh the most basic
prediction is not even close and off by
a magnitude of more than 10
now if that's true and of course you
know studies could be wrong but if
that's true then there's just no
credibility to The Climate models here's
another
one this is being written by Charles
Roder and whats up with
that um so did you know that our
temperature records have been
homogenized so the biggest most
important data set I would think for the
climate models is what what was the
temperature
before and then what is the temperature
now on average you know the Earth's
total
temperature but did you know that
because there are a varieties of uh
irregular things that happen with the
data they often need to make Corrections
you know
adjustments they call it homogenizing
the data so that if if they can they try
to get everybody to be on the same page
about how to tweak the data from what it
actually says to maybe something closer
to what they think it says so they're
literally changing it from what the data
says to what they think it should say
that's called homogenizing the
data and apparently this is not just you
know one study apparently it's it's just
the data the data doesn't even exist
meaning that there's no actual agreed
upon data for the temperature there's
agreed upon data
sets but they the everybody recognizes
that there are enough known errors in
the data they have to make corrections
but there are different ways you could
correct it and so they don't even agree
on how would you how would you correct
it should you correct it now here's my
take anybody who's lived in the real
world and had a job where they had to
measure
anything you already know that they
can't measure the temperature of the
earth over decades accurately enough to
know that it's changing in what
direction that's just not a
thing it's it's nothing that the best
scientists in the world with huge
funding and all good intentions it's
just Way Beyond human capability Way
Beyond it has nothing to do with science
it has to do with the fact that it's a
big messy system and if you've got this
big messy system with different
temperatures and you got the the heat
island effect and somebody's somebody's
trying to correct for it and some of the
temperature um measurement places the
the paint on the enclosure has uh faded
which actually changes the temperature
so they they have to adjust for all
kinds of things like different equip
uh and heat island and paint and all
that so no they don't know the
temperature of the earth over decades
that's not a thing it couldn't be a
thing it's a ridiculous
assumption so I'll say it again if you
listen to me about the specifics of what
I think is wrong with climate change I
could have all that wrong it's possible
that both of these skeptical studies are
off base but I don't need them I don't
need them the only thing I need is that
I've lived in the real world these are
not doable things there's there's no
such thing as a complicated climate
model that's going to predict the future
of the temperature or even that you
could measure the temperature in the
whole earth and you know and get all the
warm spots you know really check it out
these are not real things so just wait
till you find
out wait till you find out because I
think it'll happen in your lifetime
there there will be a day when the news
collectively says
all right we got to
admit it was never real that's
definitely
coming because everything else is not
real well here's a nons surprise the
Obama nominated judge kateway pundit's
writing about this Ben Q um who blocked
Trump's ice raids uh is married to a
far-left open borders activist funded by
George
Soros now
um it seems that and Elon Musk pointed
this out he said the other day it's
always the spouse so we also have this
problem where members of Congress will
vote for funding for let's say an NGO
and then you find out that one of their
spouses is actually on the NGO and
making a lot of money or is Consulting
for it is attached to it somehow so
here's what I think is interesting when
the founders of the country developed
the
Constitution they probably never
contemplated a situation where both the
husband and the wife would have high-end
jobs because that wasn't a thing you
know the guy had a job and the the uh
the wife did wife stuff and you never
had to worry about those so for probably
I don't know the first 100 years there
was no risk of this whatsoever cuz the
spouse was never really in a position
to make any you know kind of sketchy
money but now you have all these
high-powered
couples and if you have a high-powered
couple you just so easily can have one
of them in charge of funding things and
the other one in charge of spending the
money from it so you know the judges are
just part of it but also the the whole
NGO structure there's a whole lot of
spouse stuff going on so we actually
needs some kind of e either
legislation to at least you know reveal
these connections or a change to the
Constitution but just think about this
the Constitution was created before this
was even a contemplated risk because you
didn't have two high-powered spouses it
just wasn't a thing now to me that's
really fascinating anyway so somehow we
got to fix that maybe it's just sunlight
you know maybe you can't make it illegal
per se but you could know if it's
happening that would help a
lot anyway so in response to that
there's a according to the National
pulse um there's a new uh Bill
representative darl Isa Republican
California um is it Isa or Isa Isa I
think he he's introducing a bill aimed
at limiting the reach of injunctions
issued by federal judges one of the
things that Ela mus said few times is
that uh if any federal judge anywhere
can stop anything that's happening
anywhere else you don't really have a
real system I mean you don't have any
kind of Democratic Republic uh because
you can have so all it takes is one
corrupt judge corrupt I would say I'm
using that not in just a legal sense but
corrupt in the sense that they're
political as opposed to following the
law and how hard would it be
to find one
political judge who will give you
anything you want especially if you can
reward them through their their
spouse apparently it's really easy you
can always find a Soros judge somewhere
who is willing to do
anything so if you can stop the elected
people by having one judge
anywhere decide that the whole country
has to do what they say you don't really
have a workable system so I don't know
the details of this but uh uh darl a
says bill is trying to address that I
believe this Cas it's a little over my
pay grade to to know the ins announce of
this legally but that would be great so
I like the fact that it's being
addressed I don't know if that's the
exact answer to
it and I
also I have to ask this question how
many corrupt judges would you have to
have in your system before you would
even think it's necessary to have new
legislation to stop them from doing this
thing it kind of means the whole judge
system is infested with weasels it it
can't be there's two or three in the
country because that'd be a different
problem but apparently there's just all
kinds of weasels who got into these
positions and can stop the entire
country from functioning
so yeah we got to stop that let's stop
that uh Christy gnome found I guess some
of the leakers who have been tipping off
the uh the illegal migrants that the ice
raid was coming and they've already been
spotted and identified and already been
fired now can you imagine that imagine
working for the homeland
security and actually tipping off the
subject of the raids which puts the
people doing the raids in you know
totally lethal
danger it's almost
unbelievable that that it could even
exist and it doesn't even seem like
firing is strong enough shouldn't jail
be the right answer like I don't know if
there's a specific law that was violated
but if if you're thwarting the law of
the United States and in the process
putting real people in real danger like
serious serious danger like you're going
to be killed kind of
danger that's a lot bigger than just
getting fired I just hope there's
something bigger than that that they
could do now one of the ways that uh I
guess Christy gome and Company are
spotting these people is they're using a
polygraph and also searching internal
Communications and I guess the other
thing I would ask is if you were such
aak
that you were going to leak that kind of
dangerous
information would you put it in an email
and the funny thing is you might yep
yeah you might or or at least some you
indications that would tip off who to
who to do the polygraph on now how many
of you know that polygraphs don't
work but they do
work so polygraphs are interesting from
a persuasion perspective because the the
reason they're not accepted in court is
that they're not
reliable and yet they're they're used in
a very widespread way in government and
other organizations to find leakers and
find Traders and stuff like that so how
can it be true at the same time that
it's not reliable enough for any Court
in the United States there's not a
single Court in the United States that
would accept the
polygraph and yet it's a useful tool how
can both of those be true
and the answer is that it's more about
the polygraph
operator so the polygraph operator
creates this I'll call it an illusion
that the polygraph does work and then
the way they ask the questions and the
way they react to the answers will spook
the subject such that they somewhat
accidentally spill the goods so you can
detect that people are trying to beat
the system or they're too nervous to be
in it or or their behavior is a little
weird and then you could call it out
even if it's not there you could call it
out so one of the things you could do is
say you know did you do this bad thing
and then the answer comes on the
polygraph and only the polygraph
operator sees the
answer so if the if the polygraph
operator sees there's no indication of a
lie but they they think this might be a
lie and again remember the polygraph is
not accurate enough to detect all lies
so the operator can
say
h I'm going to ask that question
again imagine if you were
lying and the operator without telling
you what they saw they just look at the
result because it's in real time it's
happening while they're there and the
and the operator just looks at it and
goes huh um let me ask that a different
way basically you're saying you've been
busted and that that's when I think
people crack and and they're like uh uh
no I didn't mean that I didn't do it I
mean that uh I didn't do that or or I
didn't do it that day and and then it
just all falls apart so if you put them
in a position where it looks like you
know they're lying they're going to try
to cover the LIE change their answer a
little bit so it's not a lie and they're
going to start panicking a little bit
and then you can spot you can spot a
liar so here's what you need to know
about polygraph it's mostly about the
operator and how they influence the
process it's not so much the machine but
the machine is part of
it and it can it can identify some lies
so it's not like it never works it does
work sometimes you just don't know
when well Texas governor Abbott
according to Fox News Peter panada is
pen is reporting um apparently there's
this place called Colony Ridge that's um
outside Houston I think and it's got so
many migrants living there that it's
practically Spanish language and the
cartels have set up a base and there's
just a lot
of almost like they've captured
territory not quite but very similar to
cartel's holding
territory and what's good is that
Homeland Security and Texas have been
identifying this and the other places
like this where there's a big
concentration of migrants they're they
have a lot in common let's say Spanish
language and
cartels
so I don't know if we fully understand
how close we
were to being just conquered by the
cartels because they don't need to have
much of a bite into your country before
they can run the whole thing because
remember they they can scare people from
running from office they can illegally
fund people they want to be in office
they can kill people they don't like
they can
threaten they do know how to take over
places and if you you simply get too
many of them in one
place they they don't assimilate they're
more likely to say well we're sort of
like our own country here and start
expressing their their own desires that
way so whether or not migrants are the
biggest problem in the world or just a
boon to our economy and you know helping
us do things that we weren't getting
done it's all about the number if it's a
if it's a I want don't want to say small
but if it's a smaller number everything
works better oh we got some extra
workers and they assimilated and but if
you get a whole bunch of people kind of
soon and they cluster in one place then
you got a problem because they don't
even need to learn the language and next
you know the cartels are in charge and
expanding their reach because they're
getting money from the population and
they can hide within it so yeah we were
and maybe it's too late but we're
definitely on the cusp of a complete
cartel takeover I I don't think we'll
ever understand how close it was that
that if Trump had
lost I think we would just be owned by
the cartels in another four or five
years or at least some important parts
the
country
um so Trump introduced this idea of a
gold guard he calls it so if you're a a
non-american citizen but you're rich you
can pay $5 million and get this gold
card that's going to give uh green card
like Privileges and a path to American
citizenship and it would only be for
wealthy people who would be coming here
and you know creating Investments and
jobs so they'd have to additive to the
country it can't be just because they
want to
but then then Trump said something that
only Trump could
say and if anyone else in the world had
said what I'm going to tell you he said
you could you could know that the whole
world would blow up it'd be the biggest
story in the country but because Trump
has worn us all down by by doing so many
things and also saying so many things
you you just don't have the time to go
after every one of them but this is just
this is only Trump could say this so
when he was introducing this gold card
idea uh he was asked if uh this would
apply to Russian oligarchs you know if
you're a Russian oligarch can you just
apply for this and become an American
citizen here's what Trump
says and only he can say this he goes
yeah possibly hey I know some Russian
oligarchs they're very nice
people name one other person on the
whole planet who could have said those
that
sentence yeah possibly some of those
Russian oligarchs are very nice
people now I'm not even disputing
whether or not there are any nice
oligarchs the only thing funny is he's
the only person in the world who could
have said that and and you'll totally
get away with it now of course there'll
be the usual amount of oh he's always
he's so pro- Russian he's so pro-
Russian that he loves the
oligarchs I think you have to see that
he's in a he's in a negotiation with
Russia and the oligarchs probably do
have a little bit of influence over the
boss and if he happens to be saying some
nice things about the oligarchs and some
nice things about Putin and some nice
things about Russia it should only be
understood
in the context of
negotiating so you can be tough as long
as you're respectful so he's being tough
and respectful at the same time it's the
perfect combination but again he's the
only person who could do that nobody
else could even get away with
that now there's some risk that maybe
some spies would buy their way into the
country but I feel like the spies could
get in a lot easier like they don't
really need to pay $5 million for
anything they're plenty of
spies um if you're thinking about
somebody mentioned that you would only
have to get 7 million people and it
would pay off our entire $35 trillion
debt but I asked AI how many people who
are not in the United States have at
least $20 million net worth because that
would be you know the population of
people might be willing to spend 5
million to be an American citizen and
even even if you had $20 million 5
million is
you know that's that's a big big price
for you know for the one drink minimum
tent of the United States so there are
not many people but I would estimate uh
and chat GPT didn't know exactly what
that number was but they're not 7
million it might be
20,000 you know in that range of people
who had enough money and are not
Americans but at a 20,000 how many
really need to be American citizens and
care enough to even bother
trying so I'm guessing the total
population of people would be in the
hundreds and even that wouldn't be right
away so it's a fairly small thing fairly
small but what I like about it the most
is that it's part of poaching the best
people from other countries now I know
there's some mag of people who say uh
under no
circumstances do I want to bring in more
people from another country and I don't
care how much they're going to add or
you think they're going to add no people
from other
countries um and that that's a that
conversation is worth having if you want
to have it in my opinion poaching and I
guess I agree with Trump on this
poaching the best people from other
countries is just sort of always a good
idea I I just think that works every
time because the best people from other
country and maybe it's their best
entrepreneurs maybe it's just their rich
people because the rich people can add a
lot to wherever they they live you know
they hire a lot of people they start
businesses they
invest so I I appreciate the people who
say let's just make it zero because
otherwise you know it's a slippery slope
I get that but I'm not on that page I
think that economics suggests that um if
you're smart about it you it's really
additive um all right this is funny I
think all the news is funny today did
everybody notice that yet all the news
is sort of really interesting but also
kind of funny because of how how stupid
things are but here's my favorite one do
you remember James Carville uh he had
lots of advice for the Democrats and
nobody was listening and then his latest
play this is his actual advice is that
the Democrats just have to do nothing
and wait for Trump to become less
popular and the administration to
collapse
that's one of their smartest
advisors one of the smartest advisors is
telling Democrats their best play is to
don't say anything or do anything and
wait for Trump to become less
popular how's that worked out so
[Laughter]
far now I think we all expect that
Trump's popularity will take a little
bit of a dip and might even be
substantial one and that he's doing a
lot of things that could only pay off in
the long run so you know history might
like him a lot better than you know any
poll of the moment but he's not even
that low his popularity is looking
pretty strong and when you look at the
top policies he just commands them I
mean he's well over I guess 60% and most
of the important things and and that's
those are big
numbers so so it makes the Democrat
strategy of doing nothing sound
hilarious but it's not just doing
nothing so hakeim Jeff was on the Jake
Tapper show and Jake was giving him
some some push back about you know their
I guess I'm push back about the uh
viability of the Democrat Party because
it just looks like it's falling apart
and uh here's what hakee Jeffrey said uh
[Music]
he simply lied about the Republicans
plan to cut Medicaid Social Security and
Medicare now I'll need a fact check is
it true that that's a lie because I
don't know I you know the right say
there's no Cuts in those things and the
left says oh yeah he's making deep Cuts
in those things so I don't know which
one's true but if I had to go by
history history suggests that If This
Were true that the news would be saying
it not just the Democrat leaders don't
you think because I haven't seen a new
story that said the Republicans want to
cut those things I've only seen the
Democrat leaders say it which would
suggest it's just their newest
hoax so their newest hoax is that the
Republicans are going to cut things that
they're definitely not going to cut now
I'll take a fact check on that if it
turns out I'm wrong and there is some
plan to cut those things and I'm not
talking about waste Fraud and Abuse I
think everybody would be okay with
cutting that but uh the the accusation
is that they would just cut surfaces of
these well-loved things and maybe they
would but I'm not aware of that being a
plan um so he basically said that uh
that Trump's policies this is what
hakeim Jeffrey said to Tapper he said
that Trump's policies were quote deep ly
unpopular with the American
people and then Tapper showed him the
popularity of the democratic party
compared to the popularity of the
Republicans the the Democrats are like
20% popularity or approval I guess and
the Republicans are around 40% and the
policies as I just said are just wildly
popular some of the most popular things
in a bipartisan way you've ever seen in
this country so it looks like the
Democrats are not going to do nothing
like Carville suggests they're also
going to add hoaxes so their hoaxes
which they hope will be supported by
their fake news is that Trump is doing
unpopular things exactly the opposite of
all reality and even CNN called them out
and showed the chart saying yeah
popularity you're you're not quite on
point there on that popularity
point and the funny thing
is the hakee Jeff is one of their
strongest
players he's considered one of the one
of the good ones like you know really
knows what he's doing uh but the
Democrat strategy of doing nothing and
waiting for Trump to become less popular
is just fall down hilarious because it
really screams we got
nothing let's just let's just wait and
see if the other side falls
apart so it's like wishful thinking
fiction fantasy
imagination does that sound
familiar as I've often said the the
Democrat approach to everything is to
literally imagine what could go wrong
and make up hoaxes about what's going
wrong at the moment so it's a completely
imaginary world that they can sell to
their base and the base will buy it
because they bought it
before anyway so that's a lot of giving
up in that strategy I think it's hilar
is so the house has passed the
budget um so I guess that means the
Senate gets to play with it and might
tweak it but uh there's some chance that
the Republicans will get a budget Thomas
Massie did not vote for it um I probably
the only one only Republican who didn't
vote for it because as he points out um
even though it extends the 5-year tax
holiday which means not rais raising
taxes to a pre trumpian level from his
first term I guess um it doesn't cut
enough to reduce the deficit so as
Massie said that even under the best
case assumptions which never
happen and Massie is completely right
about that under the best case
assumptions which never happen um
they're going to increase the budget 300
billion per year now I can't imagine
that the discretionary
spending is going to be nothing right
because there's always a war there's
always some damn thing so he voted
against
it
and um I'm un board with that I'm Bor
with that I like I like that he operates
on principle he he basically said you've
got one job you know don't don't
increase
the man it's getting loud out there
don't increase the uh deficit and then
they increase the deficit or at least
they increase what would be the total
debt so we'll see what the uh we'll see
what the Senate does this is a situation
where I can't support the Republican
approach they have one job get the
budget under control now it could be
that as a doge does its work because
it's a little early in that that process
it could be that there's a point in the
future where we have the budget but we
don't have to spend it all now that
would be amazing so maybe the budget
says it's going to cost 300 billion
let's say Trump amazingly does not
increase um discretionary spending
discretionary spending means it wasn't
in the budget but we're going to do it
anyway by running up the debt
um I don't know maybe there's a chance
it all could work out but what I'd like
to see is Elon Musk talking honestly
about the budget and how it relates to
Doge over
time I think elon's being quiet about
this because I don't think he has
anything supportive to say about this
budget now I can't read mins so you know
don't blame him this is just me
speculating that if you know if a few
days go by and you give me a fact check
on this cuz could be wrong about this
but if a few days go by and you don't
see him weighing in Elon Musk and saying
this is a good budget or or this is a
step in the right direction or if you
add Doge to this we'll be okay if he
just is quiet about
it I would I would suspect that he's not
a fan because he's not quite about
anything
so Trump signed some healthcare uh price
transparency thing in executive order I
guess we had this before but Biden uh
slow walked it or reversed it or paused
or
something and it makes hospitals and
other health care people disclose their
actual prices so that people can shop
based on price now that's free
market if uh Jeff Bezos gets his way and
he gets the Washington Post to talk
about uh personal freedoms and uh open
market it's free markets we should see
the Washington Post write something that
says there it is there's a step in the
right direction because you can't really
have a free market If the sellers are
allowed to hide their
prices so in yesterday's World The
Washington Post would have said well
here's another overstep by the the white
house uh they've gone too far it didn't
work before it won't work again you know
it would just be flexive
anti-trump but if Bezos makes this
change and he says we're going to write
about free markets because we like
America he might have an opinion person
who says you know this is just a good
idea we don't know how well it'll work
we don't know how fast but it couldn't
possibly be wrong to have more
information about your own
prices uh Trump also signed an executive
order um to to to end the security
clearances of members of a law firm
called Covington and Berling uh if those
members were helping Jack Smith in his
I'm going to call it lawfare cases
against Trump now those cases have been
dropped but uh Trump's removing the
security clearance of anybody who who
worked there and helped Jack Smith now
on one hand this does sound a little
revengeyoutube and I'm not in favor of
just pure Revenge there have to be you
know real bad behavior before I'm okay
going after anybody for anything but
this does seem like really bad
behavior and it does seem to me that all
the people involved would have known
that they're involved in something
closer to lawfare than
law there were all they were all
sophisticated operators they would
clearly know what they were involved in
if they had been
somehow um forced to do
it or they had you know didn't know they
didn't know what was possibly going on
and they just fell into it somehow well
maybe but I think they all knew exactly
what they were doing and it wasn't cool
so I'm in favor of
this the Washington Times is reporting
and it's based on a whistleblower so I
don't assume this is true
but you know use your own judgment
because I usually say if there's an
anonymous whistleblower that's not good
enough and I want to keep that standard
for both
sides but um the allegation is that
uh that The Whistleblower personally
knew somebody who knew that James Comey
had authorized sort of an off the books
Honeypot operation in 2015 against the
Trump Administration now Honeypot means
that you have let's say undercover FBI
agents and uh they're attractive women
usually could be gay guys if they're
trying to Honeypot a gay guy so whatever
they need to Honeypot the right kind of
person and they wouldn't necessarily be
sleeping with anybody to you know
Honeypot them but they might be flirting
a little bit and and maybe people would
give up a little extra Secrets because
they're trying to impress the attractive
honey
poot so I don't know if this is true but
it's a pretty explosive allegation that
Comey might have done an off the books
and it would have been illegal I guess
an off the books honeypop operation and
that's without knowing there was any
specific thing they were looking for
they would have been just
fishing for something to go after Trump
for very illegal
sounding and now when I hear about this
again remember it's Anonymous
whistleblower so that's the lowest level
of proof but what if it is true it it
just sort of reminds
me
that think about all the things we
didn't know and then time goes by and
then we whoa I didn't know that how many
things do we not know
that are let's say as bad as this
allegation but are really happening or
really happened Ju Just think about what
is the percentage of things we find out
eventually versus the percentage of bad
behavior you know criminal Behavior
theft Etc that we just never find out do
you think we find 80% of the bad
behavior
eventually or do you think it's closer
to
1% cuz I wonder I feel like it might be
closer to 1% and that there might be
something like a 100 times more problems
than we've ever seen or
identified that that's that that'll keep
you up at
night well data Republican um goes by
that name on
X uh was on news nation and uh data
Republican got doxed because I guess
she's doing too good a job analyzing the
data and finding sketchy
stuff um but she was on news nation and
she said that uh there was one
NGO that uh claimed to promote democracy
and to do that they received $17 million
so the government gave them 17 million
um or it came from some other entity
that had been funded by the government
because you know how that works but they
got 17 million and the only thing that
they created with their 17 million was
they made a a terrible Muppet
Show and they made these mupp is show
videos that had you know like 200 views
so whatever that mupp is show thing was
it doesn't look like it was ever even
intended to be real it looks like just a
thing they could say so they could get
money Theo co-found was co-founded by
nor
meisen remember I always tell you uh to
look for the players not the play if the
only thing you know is what happened you
don't know anything you have to know who
did it once you know who did it then the
what happened always has a completely
different context so let me just say
this if this NGO had been founded by
somebody you never heard of just maybe
somebody trying to make a buck it
wouldn't be a big
deal but noris is a is a name that comes
up a
lot and I don't want to get sued so I'm
not going to make some accusations cuz
you know he's a lawyer and it's
dangerous territory but if you ever want
to find out what's what that would be a
good name to do some searches on to find
out you know what he's been involved in
ETC and I think you'd find that he's uh
always in the middle of the worst
behavior on the Democrat side there
there's a small group of people who are
just always involved in whatever the
worst thing is you can imagine and his
name just pops up in so many stories and
and until you see that name you're like
well this could be just a oh oh it's
normis so I'm not even going to tell you
all the things he's accused of I I'll
let you research that yourself and your
jaw is going to drop and your your
brains will fall
out anyway $17 million for a puppet
show so where' the rest of the money go
says data Republic
meanwhile along the same lines uh
Senator Sheldon White House he's
Democrat um he backed legislation that
would uh give millions of dollars to a
nonprofit called ocean
Conservancy now that's fine right don't
you like oceans to be conserved we all
like that that's probably a really good
NGO see I wonder if there's anything
sketchy about it oh yeah well they they
were serviced by an consulting company
so there was a consulting company that
got paid millions of dollars for
Consulting for this NGO but that's okay
there's nothing wrong with that you know
you it's very common to hire consultants
for for stuff see if there's anything
else about it wait one of the
Consultants
was Sheldon White House's
spouse so his spouse worked for the
consulting company that made millions of
dollars
and and the senator voted to fund it now
he wasn't the only one who voted for it
otherwise it wouldn't have been funded
so there must have been a lot of votes
for it but you do have to ask
yourself why didn't he recuse
himself and did he get his his peers to
vote for it did he say Hey allthough you
a favor if you do this for
me I don't know but because we don't
now it really shouldn't be acceptable
that any of this happens and again I go
back to the founders of the country they
never
anticipated that there would be so many
power couples where both of them would
have high-end jobs and one of them could
funnel money to the other one which is
basically paying
yourself so as Elon mus said it's always
the spouse it's always the spouse that's
that's how they laundry
money uh So speaking of that the the uh
New York Times and Washington Post and
CBS they're all talking about this story
of how there are these bipartisan and
this is the important part bipartisan
Town Halls where even the Republicans
were saying my good my goodness we can't
put up with this Trump and and this Doge
stuff and if you saw that reporting and
you said to yourself wow it's bipar even
the Republicans are turning against
Trump would you have known that these
were
fake that's right they were just
organized by far-left entities funded by
all the wrong people they were
fake so I guess Soros gives money to
move on and something called indivisible
to Stage fake opposition so that's the
Washington Free Beacon is reporting on
that okay now here's what I've been
telling you all large Gatherings are
fake I think all of
them and then some of you said but but
what about the Tea Party or whatever now
I don't think the individuals are fake
in this case they might have been fake
but often the individuals are sincere
it's just that the thing never would
have been organized never would have
been funded and never would have been
pulled off if it had been left to you
know Grassroots people to do it on their
own there's always it feels like there's
always some
shadowy you know funding or it just
doesn't happen so this is more of that
shadowy
funding well there's some explosive
allegations about uh
swell representative swell who's I
believe he's my representative I lose
track but I think he's my representative
in California and uh apparently he went
to here's the allegations so we don't
know the details yet but according to
Nick
sorter who's uh uh I don't know how to
describe maybe independent journalist
he's one of the people on X who's always
breaking news so he goes to a restaurant
with his wife it's like 10 o'clock at
night and it's practically empty and
then swall well comes staggering in um
or or he got drunk as soon as he got
there that was unclear but he got super
drunk and he ended up at the table right
next to him even though the whole
restaurant was kind of empty and because
he's drunk he's talking very loudly and
apparently Nick turned on his phone and
recorded it and he was there with some
here's the allegation so I don't know
yet I'd like to hear the the recording
myself but the allegation is that he was
dining with
um lobbyists I guess and
he was getting really drunk and talking
loudly
about how to cheat on his wife and some
just you know awful things things you
wouldn't say unless you were super
drunk and I will go a little bit further
if the allegations of how he acted are
true he is probably more than a guy who
had a few drinks that one
time um my experience is that nobody
acts like
that if the allegations are true again I
wasn't there but if the allegations are
true and we'll know pretty soon because
there's a recording that's going to come
out um that would suggest a drinking
problem that doesn't suggest somebody
had too many that one day it's strongly
indic indicative indicative of a deep
problem we'll see but here's the funny
thing
um so so swell posted not about this
topic but separately he posted and he
said uh today I stood in the steps of
the capital with my Democratic
colleagues to say hell no to Trump's
Reckless budget and then he showed four
photos that showed different angles of
him and other Democrats standing on the
steps of the
capital and I I saw that and I said you
know look how easy it is to claim your
accomplishments for the week swell just
did it there's one of his
accomplishments he stood on some
steps he did yeah no he really did he
stood on some steps other people stood
on some steps too he's not the only one
but he stood on some
steps and that made a difference now I
don't know who your representative is
but did your representativ stand on any
steps yesterday probably not no but I
I'm lucky cuz my
representative stood on steps good job
there well there's a creepy story about
people on some kind of message board and
it was CIA people and there were Kinks
involved and uh a bunch of colorful
characters and since I don't do Kink
shaming just you know people are people
let them let them be who they are um I
haven't been interested in the story but
apparently Tulsi gabard has identified
the people people were on that message
board and already fired them so that's
all I want to say about that I don't
want to talk about the
details because if it's not your Kink
it's just the creepiest story in the
world and if it is your Kink I don't
want to hear about it you know I don't
have a problem with anything you want to
do but I don't want to hear about
it um all right here's my persuasion tip
of the day have you noticed that the
Democrats are using
chaos and saying oh there's a lot of
chaos going on Doge and Trump and chaos
and chaos and you wonder why they use
that one word well first of all it's
obviously a published talking point
there is no way that that's happening
organically this is yet again the the
Democrats listening to somebody who
knows what they're doing telling them
what to
say the reason they say
chaos is because they don't have to
prove it and it's scary to seniors so
senior citizens the last thing they want
is chaos they don't want a lot of change
you know if if they're comfortably
retired they can't really go back to
work if something goes terribly wrong so
chaos is the scariest thing if you're on
a fixed income and retired you don't
want any chaos you're just barely making
things meet so from the political persu
perspective it's clever and it looks
like the work of a professional but uh
so just when you hear it just know that
that's not a
sincere opinion of the speaker it's just
because somebody said this is a good
word that's why they do
it uh but let me give you some context
about Doge and all the chaos so here are
some of the things that the Democrats
were saying about Doge um the problem is
not that they don't want to get rid of
the waste rod and abuse I mean who would
be in favor of those things so they're
really in favor of the way it's being
done the way it's being done and here's
what they say uh you should use a
scalpel not a chainsaw they're cutting
too much muscle people will suffer
employee morale is down there's not
enough communication with the with the
employees um there's conflict and the
bureaucracy is fighting back and it's a
mess and it's humiliating to some people
and there's bullying harassing everyone
everyone except the people doing it know
a better way to do it and things are not
being thought through there's it's not
enough empathy have you heard all of
those
things so that that's basically the
Democrat approach now that sounds like a
lot of chaos
right so one of the problems that I've
always noted with the popular media is
that they don't have real world
experience they have media experience
and that's a very special kind of
business so they probably know
everything about their own industry but
they don't really know what's it like to
work at some other big company that has
you know other big uh
processes so let me tell you how the
real world
works 100% of the time if you're trying
to do big cuts or a big merger or a big
reorganization all of which are common
you know I I've been through them I I
work for a bank that got taken over by
another bank
I think I've told you this story before
but it's relevant um we were told this
this is the communication we got as
employees we were told don't worry about
your job if you're good at it because
we're going to use a
scalpel not a chainsaw they didn't use
those words but that's what they
communicated in in essence so we're
going to look at everybody individually
and if you're a good employee don't
worry that there might be duplication
you know in the company that's acquiring
you which normally would mean you'd get
fired um rather we want to keep all the
good people so if you're good don't
worry you got a job what do you think
happened as soon as the deal
closed they fired everyone in my
department now I was the lucky one
because they were discriminating against
me for being white and male so I just
left so I didn't I wasn't fired but only
because I just quit everyone else that
left behind every one of them fired so
were they lying when they said we're
going to use a scalpel yes they were
they were lying they didn't want people
to revolt and they wanted you to feel
comfortable so they did a really good
job of
communicating except the communication
was a
lie now how do you think we felt well
the employees who left behind do you
think they thought they were humiliated
and bullied do you think they thought it
was chaos do you think they thought the
communication was poor do you think they
thought that there wasn't enough empathy
being shown do you
think yeah it's all those things
everything that people are saying about
Doge is 100% common to every large
change in any large organization there's
not a single thing that people say about
Doge that isn't said about every
organization that makes a big change
that involves firing people no
exceptions so does the media know
that I think they don't I think a lot of
people in the media are not really
experienced and when they say oh the
employees the employees are reporting
that morale is low and the communication
is bad and then nobody knows what
they're
doing that's everything all the time
every single time if you don't know that
that's
Universal you would think that there's
chaos if you knew it's 100% Universal
everybody's going to feel exactly this
way then you'd say I guess that's the
only way to get from here to there
that's what I say it's the only way to
get from here to there and yes it's
messy but there's no second way there is
no second way it's always this messy
period whether it works or doesn't work
it's always this
messy all right so
chaos so meanwhile uh Ukraine apparently
has agreed to some kind of mineral deal
with the United States and even zalinsky
might even come to DC on Friday possibly
to sign it I'm not sure the deal is done
because we've been surprised
before but put this in
context Trump has managed to get Ukraine
and now even Russia through Putin to
both be competing to be business
partners partners with the United States
in major
projects Ju Just hold that in your
head it was a month ago that the frame
in Ukraine and Russia was were at War
and we don't know how to
stop now that's still true but there's
always more than one way to look at
things Trump has changed the frame to I
think you two should really compete to
see who can be our best business
partner now I'm not naive so I know that
anything that says has to be taken with
a you know it might be a trick his long
his long-term objectives might be evil I
get it I get it you can't trust Putin
yeah but the same same would be true of
zalinski I get it I get it we can't
trust him but just think about how the
frame changed who else could do that who
else could be entertaining gigantic
mineral and aluminum
offers from both of those countries were
at War
at the same time it it's almost
impossible to even imagine that this is
happening now that doesn't mean that the
deals work and they're good deals and
doesn't mean that we'll do any deals
with Russia I don't know about that but
the fact that Russia and Ukraine went
from competing on the battlefield which
is still happening to elevating it to
competing in economics and trying to be
our our good friend you know
economically is just mindblowing
I mean only Trump could do that that
quickly and a lot of it has to do with
the fact that everybody calls him a
dealmaker so if a dictator walks in you
say oh you're dictator but if a
dealmaker walks in you say to yourself
huh maybe I can make this work it's a
completely different frame and he brings
it with him everywhere he
goes um so I asked
grock the the the following question in
the last 100 years has there ever been a
case where an industrialized country
went to war with another industrialized
country when one of those countries was
the biggest market for the other or the
biggest supplier of Natural Resources do
you know what the answer
was
once and it was when Japan attacked
Pearl Harbor so prior to that um the
Japan's um was getting most of their uh
oil from the United
States so Japan was dependent on
American oil and still attacked us so
that's an exception
right
nope they attacked us after we cut off
the
oil so there is actually no example of
any industrial country who ever attacked
their biggest Supply
or their biggest market now there are
examples where they were doing business
so there was was business but it wasn't
they weren't the biggest supplier or the
biggest buyer so here's what I think is
true and this is how I would see Trump's
approach to War I think his approach and
again I'm not a mind reader but if I had
to look at it in context I would say
this if you're doing a little bit of
business with another country the risk
of war is you know the regular risk of
War if you've got reasons to go to war a
little bit of business isn't going to
stop you if you do a lot of
business it could go either way because
a lot isn't like you know you're
depending completely on the other it's
just a
lot but if you get to the point where
you're the biggest buyer or supplier to
another
country of something very important
let's say energy and food or something
like that then the odds of you going to
war with each
other might be close to zero because it
just doesn't make sense because Wars are
basically
economics without the
calculator right as others have pointed
out the the country with the best
economy is usually going to win the war
if they have a proper military you know
Kuwait might be
different but countries with proper
economies can fund ER militaries and
that's usually the difference so could
it be that Trump's concept for peace is
you got to force your most dangerous
adversaries to do enough business with
you that it just doesn't make sense to
go to
war I don't know I don't think any of us
are smart enough to know you know when
that works and when it doesn't and would
it stop somebody like Putin and would it
stop somebody like Hitler I don't know
but I kind of like it better than
permanent War you know it's like we got
to try
something so I'm I'm kind of uh
tentatively supportive of that you know
I get I get the risks I can fully
understand the risks well here's some
good news the Joel poock is uh updating
Us in bright
bar that Lee zeldon of the EPA is
announcing that they finished the first
part of the LA fire Palisades um Eden
fire uh of the uh hazardous material
cleanup and that was expected that it
might take uh 90 days or even up to a
year and Trump basically said no
everything's going to be faster do
everything faster uh but you know it's
going to take up to a year no do it
faster and so Lee zelden got it done he
got it done in 28 days um they were
shooting for
30 but that's B that's in the context of
the smart people saying it was going to
take 90 days to a year got it done in 28
days and it was there in person to tell
people now keep in mind that's not
enough to start rebuilding that's only
the toxic um hazardous material so the
the EPA isn't doing the full cleanup
they're just looking for things that you
know obviously this is toxic we're going
to have to take care of this so things
like you know batteries that caught on
fire and that sort of thing um but phase
two the debris removal which you have to
do before you can
build the Army Corp of Engineers told
Breitbart uh that it hopes the process
can be finished within a year which
would be six months ahead of the
original estimate of 18 months now this
is a really good test of whether Trump
can really use his magic to make even
the state in this case case do well the
APA would be his but can the uh can
Trump really just make things work
faster and I think the answer is
probably yes probably yes if he can cut
the BS out and prioritize and make sure
we know exactly what we want those
things do make a difference so it's
still a horrible situation for all the
fire survivors and you know who wants to
wait another uh another year but at
least to give some hope
so the difference between this could
have been 2 to three years and now it
might be a
year-ish that's a big difference
mentally financially just in every way
so I I hope uh this is a good sign of
what's at there's a new technology
that's interesting it's being written
about an interesting engineering Aman
tripathi and there's a new development
and I guess they've it's not theoretical
they've actually built this thing that
where they can extract 14 lers of
drinking water from even Aid dry air
every day using only food scraps and
solar
power now the solar power part is
important because normally you would
need you know to plug it in and suck up
a lot of power to suck water out of the
air I have one of those by the way I
bought a unit just because I was curious
so uh I'm making water out of the air
right now literally I'm making water out
of the air uh but it's plugged in so if
you didn't need to plug it in and then
the real the real secret is that they
can take any kind of food scrap it
doesn't even need to be anything
specific they can take any kind of food
scrap and the University of Texas has
Austin researchers figured out how to
turn the food scrap into a moisture a
tractor I guess so it it becomes the the
secret sauce within the machine that
that drags the uh the water out of the
air and converts it into clean water
even though it's food scraps that's just
amazing but here's here's here's the
mind-blowing one this next one will be a
reminder that no matter how much you
think things are going to CH stay the
same it only takes one smart
person to change the whole freaking
world now I don't know if this is one
but this is fun right listen to this
story now the context is you know that
one of the biggest issues with China and
Taiwan and AI is the you know the cost
and practicality of making
chips so listen to this according to uh
Cyrus molden at Northeastern Global News
there's a Northeastern Professor who
patented a uh a nuu manufacturing
process
to slash chip production costs by
99% he built a printer to print your own
chip you don't even have to be like a
chip making company it's a printer that
can print your own
chip we're right at the point where AI
can design the chip for you let's say a
custom chip and then you could print
it just at home
you could print your own chip and
apparently it works it it's not a
theoretical he already built it and it's
99% less
cost well that would change just about
everything that's
incredible all right ladies and
gentlemen that's all I had to say today
I'm going to say a few words to the
locals subscribers
privately I hope you enjoyed the show
and I'll see you tomorrow same time same
place for more fun the news is just so
much fun lately all right YouTube and
next and Rumble I'll see you tomorrow
locals going to come your way privately
in 30
seconds
e
e
e for