[Music]
boom-boom-boom-boom pom pom pom pom pom
pom loon
hey everybody come on in here it's me
and it's you and between the 1500 of us
we're gonna have something called the
simultaneous sip if you would like to
participate in the Sonia - man I'm tired
I'm still in Las Vegas it's possible I
didn't get enough sleep last night but I
didn't want to miss coffee so I got up
early anyway and if you are up and
you've got a cup or a glass or a mug a
Steiner a chalice or a tankard some kind
of thermos or maybe a flask could be a
vessel of any kind put your favorite
liquid in it I like coffee and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous hip ray says it did my
first one up yesterday great so somebody
made a connector to call for money I
hope I'm the interface by when hub app
but let's talk about other things right
now here's my question for you who who
would be famous as a political person
and also self-identify as alt right I
can't think of anybody can you can
anybody give me an example of somebody
who calls themselves alright who would
be a well-known person politician is
there anybody yeah it could be a YouTube
person could be a doesn't have to be an
actual elected official it seems to me
that all right just sort of went away I
never I never knew what it was I never
was one of course I'm left of Bernie as
I tell you often but it seems to me this
whole alright thing doesn't exist and
somebody says Richard Spencer oh I'll
bet even he gave up on it I don't think
anybody identifies with anymore but this
reminds me of the the New York Times
article talking about the radicalization
of some poor young man who watched too
many YouTube videos and got sucked down
the alright rabbit hole except that the
article says the opposite so I tweeted a
daily wire story that's really worth
reading it's well done in which they
they pull apart the New York Times story
is essentially completely false it's not
internally consistent it doesn't make
the point that it claims to make the
people that it labels us as alt-right or
not I mean just just everything about it
is wrong but the funniest part about
this story
somebody says Steve King I don't think
he identifies all right but I don't
think anybody does I think everybody ran
away from that anyway there's a funny
story about Ben Shapiro
this is really funny by the way I don't
know maybe it's just being it I think
this is funny so the New York Times
piece I'm talking about is this horrible
slanderous hippie son ben shapiro which
pains him is some obnoxious terrible
character that he is not so if actually
it's just it's just fake news it's just
horrible horrible fake news but here's
the funny part
ben shapiro apparently went went off the
grid for i don't know how long a day and
a half or longer whatever it was for a
jewish holiday so the entire time the
united states was debating how bad ben
shapiro US pen shapiro was one of the
only people in the country and the small
group of orthodox folks who were it
turned off their devices for the holiday
they say he was the only one who didn't
know the country was talking about what
a horrible person he was and and he
tweeted but if you didn't see his tweet
where he wakes up to the news like well
guess we'll see what must have been the
funniest thing oh where where he said
well I've been offline for a while let's
see what the news is what to find out
that news is about him now being being
semi-famous myself I have also had the
experience of waking up and checking the
news to find out what the news is and to
find out the news is about me I'll be a
holy hell I'm looking about I want to
see news about other people I didn't I
didn't want to be the news so that was
pretty funny anyway you should read The
Daily wire piece that I tweeted because
it just just pulls out an article apart
I don't know how the New York Times
stays in business honestly
Bloomberg apparently Bloomberg has
announced some big expensive green New
Deal climate initiative I don't know the
details but I guess he's putting up a
lot of his money and it's to push energy
that would be better for the planet
but it doesn't mention nuclear so here's
Bloomberg talking about putting vast
amounts of his own money up to try to
figure out how to combat climate change
and it doesn't mention nuclear what do
you make of that I think you'd have to
make make of that days a fraud I hate to
say that because I've been sort of a fan
of his I liked his his quirky do
whatever it takes not to went to one
side or the other there was something
about his independence that I liked but
what do I make of the fact that he
leaves out nuclear and nuclear as as far
as basically anybody who knows anything
about energy would tell you that that's
the only solution and it's the only
thing he left out if the only solution
is the only thing you left out
[Music]
you're not really a credible player even
with your half a billion dollars or
whatever it is now apparently one of his
aides was asked about nuclear and the
answer from one of his aides and here
again it's not even Bloomberg they
talked to it's an aide and the aide had
some kind of passive non-committal
statement about well we don't dislike
nuclear we're not we're not completely
opposed to it under the right same
situation I'm that's my own words not
the aides but the sense of it was rather
than saying oh we've kind of done a
cursory view of what the big
opportunities are and it's obvious that
nuclear is the only one that can work
therefore we're going to put a lot of
emphasis on that that's what would have
made sense that would be that would
indicate someone who had done their
homework just a little bit not a ton you
don't have to do a lot of homework to
find out that nuclear energy is the only
way out of climate change disaster if
you believe climate change disaster is
coming and the aid just acts like well
we don't completely rule it out is that
the bold leadership you want to see that
the only thing that could work
well we haven't ruled today we have
that's about it it was a week and I
don't know what to make of it because
here's what I think is happening so
here's my hypothesis and if it's if my
hypothesis is correct you will see much
of the same the same phenomenon so
here's a prediction are you ready
prediction is this number one nuclear
energy as the prime solution for climate
change is guaranteed so this is
prediction one that whatever people are
saying about nuclear energy as a
solution for climate change it started
to get it's becoming more and more of
the conversation I think most of you
would agree that a year ago people were
not talking about nuclear energy as the
obvious solution for climate change as
much people who knew stuff
we're talking about it but the public
wasn't kind of in that conversation yet
but today sitting here today wouldn't
you agree that that the media has
clearly been a turd there there's a very
clear term you can see it in the
reporting the mentions of it the
frequency that generation four comes up
and all that and so here's the
prediction the people who are associated
with the left and even the right are
going to be in a condition where they
know nuclear is the only thing they
should be saying in terms of the primary
solution not the only thing we should do
because it makes sense to do solar it
makes sense to do wind and at least try
to iterate them to their best versions
no matter what so we should do all the
all energy sources but nuclear is the
only one that's going to make a big
difference you're going to find that
people can't say they support it because
its reputation is so big and there are
still so many people who would be
against it and you wouldn't want to get
that wrong that you're going to have
this weird situation so here's the
prediction where people will instead of
coming out in favor of it will come out
here's here's the prediction people will
start coming out not opposed to it it's
gonna it's gonna look weird so instead
of people saying yeah we should look
pretty hard at nuclear or if they're
gonna say I'm not saying we shouldn't
look at it because nobody wants to say
nuclear is a good idea why have him why
haven't we talked about it more I'm
putting it right in my plan there is one
and only one way to go nuclear is the
only way we know of that could possibly
make a difference at the scale we need
in time people chaos say that because it
would be such a big mental change from
where they might have been even a year
ago when they knew less about it when
they thought nuclear was dangerous
before they learned that the technology
has moved forward so look for that
that's the prediction lots of people
saying I'm not saying
we should not do it and fewer people say
oh yeah we should go dude nuclear all
right
here's another one of my favorite
stories of the day Chris ELISA in at CNN
he was writing about the horrible
horrible baseless speculation about Joe
Biden's health he mentions on Fox News
Kennedy and and Hannity as two people
who have mentioned the speculation of
the possibility of the potential of Joe
Biden might not be as healthy as he
needs to be to run for office
no of course solicited to call back to
questions about Hillary Clinton's health
but here's the thing wasn't everybody
right about Helen Hill really Hillary
Clinton's health what was the public
wrong about that word it seems to me
that when she collapsed at the 9/11
ceremony and then her health was
apparently not good enough to campaign
as much as she needed to and it probably
cost to the election I count that as one
of my most accurate predictions of all
time because I think I was probably in
the top handful of people who said I
don't know about you but she doesn't
look healthy to me so I said that a long
time ago before it became popular and a
lot of other people were saying it early
as well
Mike Simmons for example but I think we
were right just because we don't know
the full details of her health situation
doesn't mean we were right because it
looked to me she didn't look like she
had the the the stamina and then she in
fact demonstrated it by collapsing and
keypoint having as she did in fact have
allegedly had pneumonia so we weren't
wrong
anyway so there's that's the same
speculation about Biden now I let me say
as clearly as I can I personally don't
see it so I do not see any sense that
there's some kind of a health illness
situation in particular what I do see
even from the the video clips were where
you don't hear him talking so much i
that my impression and I'm I'm I'm not
saying this for effect he looks like
he's on his last legs to me he looks
like a man who doesn't have much mental
flexibility left he looks like he's
struggling to run let's say rotten clips
of best of Biden in his mind
I think he's beyond the point where he
comes up with new ideas and you know
puts them together in complicated ways
and presents them I think he's just
running recordings at this point so it's
clips of things he said before that he
can sort of still very well put them
together in the order that that turns
into sentences but the cracks are
showing and if you were to put Biden and
Trump on stage at the same time your
contrast is going to be just deadly for
Biden because Biden if you see him all
by himself you can you can allow
yourself the luxury of thinking well he
is old buddies you still got it
it looks like he could give us a few
more good innings of pitching to use a
baseball analogy but you put him next to
Trump and Trump Trump's energy he looks
like he'll never die Trump looks like he
somehow you know living on the the blood
of young children or something because
he doesn't look like he's even aging
he's not gonna look even older at the
end of his four years so that's a deadly
connection but here's the funny part if
Chris ELISA at CNN was concerned that
the Fox News folks are starting to
speculate about Biden's health the worst
thing you could do is write a big ol
articles about how other people are
speculating about Biden's health because
you know what that makes you do if
you'll read an article that says you
should not be speculating about Biden's
health and it makes you speculate about
Biden's health there's no way around
that
so Hannity this feels like more of a
good play I think just bringing it up
causes the other the other side of the
political world to complain about the
fact that was brought up which just
brings it up again so I don't think cNN
has yet mastered the art of a focus what
Hannity does well is he makes you think
about something that he wants you to
think about what the president does well
is he makes you think about something
that's good for him if you're thinking
about that instead of other things so
this is something that maybe CNN should
have just avoided if they didn't want us
to think about it but at the same time
CNN and the Democrats are playing the
the association game with John Dean now
John Dean is very old let's see what was
he he was jailed at one part for his
part in the Nixon Watergate stuff I
forget the details doesn't matter but he
was a an attorney who went to jail for a
while for whatever he did and apparently
he's he he's made a full time career and
I've writing books and complaining about
Republicans being awful and watching who
was it Matt Gaetz
was interviewing him in Congress
interviewing John Dean and he asked have
you made a career out of just
criticizing
Republican presidents and it was just
devastating to to see Matt gays frame
him as someone who doesn't do anything
except criticized Republican presidents
and say that they're worse than
Watergate it really made him look like
he's silly a silly doddering old man I
didn't see Jordan interview him but that
would have been good to know CNN of
course is is playing along with the
Democrats who are trying to smear Trump
simply by having characters and people
and conversations about Watergate any
mention of Nixon or Watergate is good
because then people associate it in
indeed I'm talking about it right now
so the same way I was saying that CNN
was talking about Hannity stuff Here I
am talking about CNN stuff so the
association thing works works here as
well for them but CNN's headline is that
it says Trump's Nixon like numbers on
impeachment could you could you ever do
anything more manipulative and skeevy as
a news organization that they have a
headline this as Trump's Nixon like
numbers of impeachment
first of all impeachments not going to
happen you know that or at least if it
happens that the Senate is not going to
confirm it whatever the legal terms of
for that so it's not going to happen and
whether or not whether or not there are
Nixon like numbers in terms of the polls
that would be because of CNN it's
because of the media that the polls are
the way they are it's the most
ridiculous thing in the world to see the
media report on what the opinion polls
say because the opinion polls are what
they create the news industry creates
your opinions and then they they measure
them and they say hey look what those
people think as if they didn't just give
those people their opinions if the media
wants the polls to change they could
just report the news different
and it wouldn't because the public is
just reporting on what they see on the
news so if that news says Trump PES you
know mix and light can be cheap in
numbers well that makes it a little bit
more likely that the next time they do a
poll somebody's going to say well I
don't know the details but I keep
hearing he has Nixon like poll numbers
so maybe I'd better agree with those
people all right let's talk about Russia
and all of their provocative allegedly
provocative actions I guess they're
doing flight intercepts they've been
intercepting US flights and
international waters and they may have
they did they came too close to a navy
ship with their with their Navy ship so
people are asking what's up with this
and here's the question I asked and I'm
gonna I'll ask this forever until
somebody can give me a question remind
me again why we're having trouble with
Russia can somebody explain to me a path
by which Vladimir Putin is saying we'll
do these things because we want to get
to this place that's good for us Russia
or even just good for Putin can somebody
explain that because I feel like that
you used to exist you know back in the
Cold War you can imagine that both sides
were trying to hit each other as hard as
possible to weaken the other one so we
can do all the things we're gonna do but
what exactly is that that Russia wants
to do that really would be good for
Russia and we're trying to stop well
what does that list okay can somebody
show me the list of things that Russia
wants that we somehow don't want them to
have that they really actually want it
in a sense that they're trying to get it
there are things they might want in some
general way but I don't understand
and the news is derelict and not
explaining it to me I do not understand
why Russia and the United States don't
want to be best friends let me compare
these two alternatives
alternative one Putin says you know
we've got a bad history with the United
States but as of today we're just going
to stop doing that stuff as of today we
consider ourselves a strong ally of the
United States and we're gonna trade with
you and we're gonna work with you
internationally what would that do to
Russia's economy it wouldn't make it
worse
would it I would think that if Russia
said we want to play well with the
United States and the Allies that Russia
would save money on defense right they'd
save money on defense they would have
more trading opportunities everything
would be better now so somebody's saying
pride I'd like to see I would like to
see the facts connected such that Putin
would would risk half of his GDP for
pride when President Trump is clearly
saying look I'll give you all the
respect you want you just have to play
nice I think President Trump is very
clear that if Putin just acts like a you
know a good player he's got all the
respect he could ever have in the world
it's very clear that Trump is offering
that should Boonton play so here's my
problem when I see these reports of
Russia doing things that could start a
shooting war
I mean potentially I think the odds are
low but how does that make sense and why
can't the news business who should try
to put things in context for me why
can't they describe it what watch for
the next time there's some general or
pundit or expert who's on one of the new
shows and somebody asks them why is
Russia doing this watch how their
explanations sound like word salad they
don't make any sense because I recently
heard I can't remember who has some
pundit general expert and when he tried
to explain why Russia is doing this it
all fell apart
it wasn't even slightly
coherent because it doesn't make sense
compared to the alternative now here's
what's here's the way that they fool you
specifically people on the news pundits
especially like to speak as though the
alternatives don't exist they'll just
talk about the one thing they're talking
about so they might say Putin's testing
us in all these different ways
internationally because they want to you
know they want to poke us they want to
get some advantage they want a weakness
okay so let me let me say that I accept
that that's what they're doing they're
trying to weaken us by poking us in a
variety of different ways to get slight
advantages psychologically etc how does
that compare to business case
opportunity number two of being nice to
us and doing trade and not spending as
much on military how are they even close
seriously are they even close in terms
of benefit for Russia they're not close
if you look at the sanctions you look at
the you know trading opportunities etc
Russia should be acting as friendly as
possible Yeah right now we're having
this conversation with Germany should
Germany be accepting as much natural gas
I guess it is from Russia because that
puts them in a weak position because
Russia can control their energy the only
reason that Germany has this problem is
because they perceive Russia as being
you know maybe an enemy well why doesn't
Russia just maybe do something about
that why don't they say you know what
we'd really like to do is sell a lot of
gas so why don't we just be your friend
and then you can buy all our gas you
won't have to worry about it we've got
lots of gas have some guns all right so
don't believe anything you hear about
Russia until you hear at least one
pundit argue that there's some reason
that they're not being friendly with the
ad states so somebody's prompted me to
talk about the the New York Times and
other people are saying that the
so-called Mexico tariffs
inspired deal is is a fake because most
of that stuff was agreed on before I
don't know it seems to me that whether
it was agree done before or not it
wasn't happening so that seems like an
important distinction right you know if
you're saying hey what Mexico agreed to
they had already agreed to back in March
in these secret agreements so there's
nothing new here but if you agree to
something in March and we're having a
conversation in June about maybe you
should do the thing you agreed to do in
March I'm gonna conclude that whatever
you agreed to in March wasn't going to
happen
obviously they needed a little bit of a
push because they showed up within what
24 hours or something they booked a
flight to Washington to to negotiate
this thing it's obvious to me that that
that the pressure made a difference
now of course you can never compare what
would have happened without pressure -
what did happen with pressure and this
is again the trick that the media does
they give you the story without the
comparison you can't compare nobody in
the world can say what would have
happened under the other conditions
nobody can say that because we didn't
have that test we didn't have we didn't
play out another reality under the other
conditions it never happened so we can't
compare it alright and somebody says in
the comments it's the difference between
getting engaged versus actually getting
married or maybe it's the difference
between getting married and consummating
the marriage yeah let's talk about Bill
Maher he was actually next on my list so
Bill Maher is like the canary in the
coal mine in the sense that there are
very few people in the world who you
could trust would change their mind on
the political topic
and now I've been no fan of Bill Maher's
political opinions about Trump although
I've been a fan of Bill Maher's show for
years he's he puts on puts out a good
product and I that from the political
views is the product he produces every
week it's very good and I've watched it
for years and I'm glad I was on his show
but he is one of the few people who was
capable of saying you know yesterday I
thought X but then you know these new
facts came out now I changed my changed
my mind to why and here's why very few
people in the whole planet who are well
known anyway can do that he just happens
to be one of them now if you see him
changing it's pretty big deal because it
means that there's something out there
that matters and something out there
that's big enough that would change
somebody's mind and one of the things
that Bill Maher said when he's talking
to Chris Cuomo he was on I guess Chris
Cuomo show maybe lastly Bill Maher
complained that the facts don't matter
and that we can't even agree on basic
facts now do you remember when was the
first time that Bill Maher heard facts
don't matter I suppose he's heard it
lots of times but it's what that was my
primary message when I was on this show
and in those simpler times beckoned was
it 2016 or 15 in the short there was
2016 back then it wasn't it was more of
a controversial statement so when I said
clearly and unambiguously that people
won't use the facts to make a decision
it seemed like sort of a provocative
thing to say and now it's an ordinary
thing to say which I also predicted I
predicted it would go from a fringe
thought that nobody is rational and
nobody uses information to make
decisions I thought that would be a
weird fringe you know sort of out there
thought that would become a mainstream
understanding
within the Trump administration and
that's exactly what happened so seeing
that change is important because it
means that that Mar is understanding
that the factual level has a modest
effect on how people operate and he
acknowledged that he thinks people look
at strengths and that if they see more
strength than Trump and less strength
that if a competitor the strength will
dominate the decision not the policies
and the facts and the details which I
agree with I think that largely that's
true but he also Bill Maher also said
that Hillary committed obstruction of
justice with the destroying of the
destroying of the discs and the phones
and stuff and I thought well there you
go that's what I'm talking about how
many people are anti Trump and will say
in direct language but it's also true
the Hillary Clinton obstructed justice
and you know here's here's why well he
might be the only person in the world as
far as I know can you think of one other
person who holds both of those opinions
right that well who's famous I guess
yeah a lot of you all those opinions but
among the famous people it's a rare
opinion so I would keep an eye on Bill
Maher because he it feels like he's at
something like a turning point where
he's understanding that his viewpoints
on Trump have been largely a hate based
opinion and and that the facts are not
lining up with where the earlier let's
say hate based opinions of Trump because
he does make people hate him you know
for every person who loves them there's
there's going to be at least one person
who says I like it less
so I think bill is turning and I would
give him you know I hope we all give him
the room to do that because I think a
lot of people are going to turn when
Trump gets reelected now as I've said
before I believe that the Democrats have
given up on 2020 yeah I think that they
know that they're not going to win 2020
or they think it's a low chance you know
they'll still try if it's easy but I
think they know there's a low chance of
anybody beating Trump with this economy
etc and especially with the candidates
they have so I just don't know that
you're going to see much energy for
Biden or anybody else um although I
would be surprised if Biden makes the
gets it all the way to the nomination so
I would say it would be unlikely for
Biden to be the the final one all right
somebody said talk about injury yet
yes I will Andrew Yang is interesting he
is interesting now he did say something
so - full disclosure yeah he did make
some comments that seemed racist to me
yeah I don't I don't know how to how to
define them any other way but it was
he's made some gross generalizations
about white people wanting to target
maybe Asians because Asians are over
let's say over-represented in college
for example and having more success than
other people and that that might make
people resentful and want to dislike
them you know that feels like a
fundamental you know misunderstandings
maybe somebody can help me here because
this is just an opinion it's not a
fact-based thing but it feels to me that
the average conservative is pretty happy
when anybody works hard goes to school
follows the law and is successful have
you ever met a conservative who had a
bad opinion about somebody of any race
and the agenda and the ethnicity
have you ever seen a conservative who
thought less of somebody who followed
all the rules stuck to the Constitution
stayed in the trouble studied hard got a
job and succeeded maybe maybe you know
I've often thought that I wanted to
teach a class on what I call black
strategy I'm sure I'll get in trouble
for even talking about this which is why
I haven't done it yet and the idea is
this that if you're a black in America
and you want to succeed most of the
rules of success are exactly the same
for everybody so 90% is all the same you
know work hearts they have the trouble
don't get pregnant don't get anybody
pregnant you know so there's a lot of
basic stuff that's true for everybody
but there's some special things that I
think the black population has a blind
spot for because everybody has a blind
spot for how other groups so think so
you know everybody has a blind spot for
how a different ethnic group thinks the
other gender thinks we all have our own
blind spots but it's worse if you're
black in America because your blind spot
is about white people and white people
have control of a lot of the jobs and
opportunities so misunderstanding what
white people care about is a big problem
strategically because it makes your
strategy less effective because you're
trying to influence people to give you
jobs and opportunities to buy your
products that sort of thing you're
trying to influence a group they have a
blind spot about and I've often thought
well what if I just taught a class or
wrote a book or something to teach
people who have that blind spot how to
get past the blind spot not by really
understanding how other people think
exactly but at least have it explained
to you so you can navigate it better for
example
if you thought that you were going to
going to apply for a job at a company
where you were worried it was a bunch of
white people work there and that they
might be bigots what would be your best
strategy let's say you thought it was a
bunch of conservatives love you walked
in and you know the office TV was tuned
to Fox News right here an
african-american man you walk in you
like a house I want to work here but man
how do I convince all these
conservatives well I'll tell you how you
walk in and you mention your church
mention your church you know and if you
don't belong to a church join one you
know assuming that that's compatible
with your beliefs join a church and talk
about it wear a nice suit here's here's
another idea so so the first thing is if
you think you're talking to
your classic you know white older male a
conservative or older female or just
female doesn't matter what your ages
if you think you're talking to a
conservative mention your church you
don't have to rub it in anybody's face
just mention it you're immediately on
the same page the the the glass ceiling
just fell apart right so you're worried
about like you found black you know I
can't get past that ceiling mention your
church to a conservative yeah I spend a
lot of time I work with my church BAM
the ceiling just evaporates right now if
you're black and you don't know that
they're just mentioning your church to
some conservative is enough to
completely shatter all of the all the
band boundaries here's another one
mention your love of the Constitution I
mean I don't know you're working into
the conversation but you'd probably find
a way mentioned your love of the
Constitution you don't even have to
agree on how its interpreted but
conservatives want somebody who's going
to play by the same set of rules well
the Constitution is a set of rules
everybody likes mention it
and here's let me give you the greatest
suggestion this is so powerful that I
almost am afraid to mention it like it's
so powerful as a as an influencer and I
don't know if the black community
completely understands this about your
typical conservative white person if you
do it if you do a favor for the typical
conservative white person they will be
almost obsessed with paying back to the
favor you can you can control somebody's
behavior almost entirely by being nicer
to them and more generous than the
situation called for now if you don't
understand that about adult white
conservatives how would you deal with
them right it's a simple formula now you
know why is it that I as a typical white
person could go into an interview with
another typical white person and have a
good result is it because I'm white well
that's a little bit of it I'm sure that
helps right people are always more
comfortable with whoever's most most
like them but on top of that I would
know and I do this routinely and by the
way people do this routinely with me
and it works very well they will simply
offer me something that I didn't ask for
something that really had value you know
so if you're in a job interview and
something comes up and you haven't even
gotten the the the job you could say you
know I'll tell you what I do this thing
for you or give you this information or
connect you to this person and you just
offer it for nothing in return
every white conservative wants you on
the team
if you've offered something for nothing
in return
that's the magic sauce I'm afraid to
even tell people this trick because it's
so powerful you can you can change
people's behavior like that it'll work
well let me let me say this if you do
this with somebody and it doesn't work
like they don't respond to it you don't
want to work with that person anyway
because they don't get it so it either
works and you've joined a good team
because people understand reciprocity or
it doesn't work and you don't want to
join that team anyway you don't want to
be in the team with somebody who doesn't
even know how reciprocity works it's
magic all right so the strategy I'd love
to teach a class on it somebody's asking
for similar tricks for liberals I'll
have to think about that all right I
love this story about Alyssa Milano
reportedly I waited awhile because I
wasn't sure this was real news but
enough people are talking about and I
think it might be real and that is that
actress and activist Alyssa Milano
convinced the Biden campaign by
contacting them personally to change
Biden's views on the Hyde Amendment I
guess an abortion question and so people
are saying my god this this candidate
Biden this a week that some actress
calls him and he changes his mind I
think we're seeing this all wrong I've
been saying for a while that social
media is essentially the government now
because social media tells us what to
think and then what we think gets
translated into the news and it gets
translated into polls and it gets
translated into political action but the
government is no longer people who went
to got elected and sat in rooms in
Washington and work things out and then
told the people what they decided and
tried to get their buy-in that was the
old model now opinions are created on
the Internet
and they're assigned to people you know
in the media and the internet was sort
of working together
and then the politicians sort of have to
do what the public is forcing them to do
so social media is the real power and
the people who are most influential on
social media are the biggest power
within the biggest power within that
category we have Alyssa Milano she is
used the internet and social media to
perfection so I know you're gonna want
me to dump on her because you don't
agree with her opinions but I'm just
gonna separate from the opinions and
tell you this if you're still
complaining that Alyssa Milano is just
an actress and she should but end of it
you're way off base Alyssa Milano has
changed she's she's changed her her
power I guess so she is no longer Alyssa
Milano just the actor or actress she is
an activist she is successful she is
powerful she is influential she's the
real deal you want to dislike her
because you don't like her opinions on
stuff and I get that and you're welcome
to that but she is effective
she is sincere she's putting in the time
she's putting in the energy you don't
want to underestimate her because you
apparently she just changed a major
political platform peace that's what but
that wasn't a coincidence it's not a
coincidence that she's developed this
much influence she worked for it she did
it the hard way she took the risk
she took the arrows think of the pain
think how much abuse Alyssa Milano has
put up with over her public opinions
gargantuan I mean more than most people
certainly so I would say that
independent from her opinions on
politics and I I stay out of the
abortion stuff especially I would say
that her her participation is in the
best tradition of America
I would say she's a patriot you ain't
that right you know you could disagree
with her completely by she's a patriot
she's working the system she's involved
she's trying to make a difference she's
trying to make the world a better place
she's capturing her attention and and
she in fact moved the needle I know I
have to respect that even if I might
disagree on some topics now keep in mind
that at least with the abortion topic
she picked the topic which she can
understand so she's not saying you know
if if Alyssa Milano were out being
active about let's say TPP or the trade
negotiations with China I'm not sure I
would have the same feeling but I don't
think she is is she I don't see Alyssa
Milano leaving leaving the field of
topics where you really can't understand
them you know you can understand guns
you can understand abortion there are a
lot of things you can understand climate
change the hybrid because of the
skepticism and the complexity of it but
anyway I give her a plus for being a
good American even if she's persuading
in a way you don't like it's the Hyde
Amendment something men can weigh in on
not interested in that questions but let
me let me restate my opinion on the
whole abortion thing that no matter what
what the laws are half the country is
going to be mad and say it's an
abomination like a serious abomination
no matter what the laws it goes laughter
in fact it was right so the best you can
do is have a law that people are willing
to put up with even if they're on the
losing side the side that didn't get the
things they won't so you need to make
them happy to have a stable society it's
not good enough to make the people happy
you've got what they want
and the only way to do that is to make
sure that the people who are involved
that the decision are the people with
the highest credibility and if women as
a majority want the laws either way
that's the most credible situation for
those laws now people want to attack me
by that point by extending it to
something ridiculous so they say Scott
would you take that same thinking that
you know men or women should recuse
themselves from the decision would you
take that to other topics to which I say
no because there's no other topic like
abortion abortion has a very specific
life and death situation in which our
energy and our are caring about it are
through the roof nothing else is like
that if there were another situation
where society might be ripped apart by
getting a non-credible law they might
have the same opinion but it's just not
like any other thing and as soon as you
say Scott but would you take that same
thinking to this other situation the
answer is it's a different situation the
thinking that I take to a different
situation is it's a different situation
start from scratch look at the pluses
and the minuses all right yeah everybody
wants to win on abortion by words the
the the people you should not pay
attention to on the topic of abortion
are the ones who are trying to work win
by definitions so if somebody will say
well I define it as a life therefore I
defined it as murder that's not a reason
those are just your the definitions you
put on words somebody else says I define
it as not alive and therefore I define
it as not murder well there was no
thinking no reason no facts there it was
just two people using words differently
and acting as if that meant something
so abortion is largely a fake debate in
the sense that
people are trying to win it with words
instead of win it with reason which is
not to say and and I've said this before
that the moral argument is squarely on
the conservative side so if the only
thing that mattered in the world was
morality you would say well we don't
know if its life or not life but you
wouldn't take any chances so the most
moral thing you could do is act as if
it's all life and life life is precious
that's the most moral thing you could do
no doubt about it but morality is not
the only factor there there are other
factors and other other considerations
and one of them is who gets to make the
decision and what are the economic and
other consequences of all this social
consequences they all count and on the
practicality level the left has the best
argument so if if the only thing that
mattered to you was whether something is
practical and economical and good for
adults they have a great argument but
the moral arguments on the other side so
you have to you know irreconcilable
points of view and I'm happy to take the
lead of women collectively on that topic
because that's the most credible
situation even if I personally disagree
with it somebody says where are the
father's rights well when it comes to
money I think men have a say so that's
that's the part that I can say for sure
all right I lose all of my followers
when I talk about this topic and it's
not fun anymore so I'm not going to talk
about anymore so the if I'll just put in
a closing statement that my
oh I I did this is actually interesting
a different topic I'm running an
experiment and let's see if I can check
on that today so you know there was a
helicopter crash in New York and I
wanted to do an experiment to see on
let's say citizen journalism and the
experiment was this I offered that I
would pay $500 for anybody who would go
on my startups app interface by wind up
in sign up as an expert so you can be an
expert or you can be somebody who buys
the time of the expert and we'll see if
anybody did this and they said if there
if there were witnesses to the
helicopter accident that I would pay
$500 just to talk to them you and it
didn't even have to be publicly so I
don't have a sign up yet but the idea
was this imagine if you will there's
some big national event could be a
tragedy could be could be something and
let's say you're a rich person and you
thought I want to get the news directly
I actually want to talk to somebody
who's standing there at this big event
whether it's a tragedy or anything else
well if those people knew that they
could just sign up on my app and they
could set their price could be zero if
they just want to get their story out
but it could be $1,000 if they have the
best story in the world and they were
standing right there when something
happened and so people like me I would
pay in many cases a few hundred dollars
just to talk personally without
exchanging any private information
because we wouldn't have to no private
information I wouldn't have anybody's
phone call or vice versa but the app
would connect us and I could say what
did you say and I could find out the
news before the news on TV even those
because I'll be talking to somebody was
there likewise I wanted to see if I
could create a news source that's a
commercial news source so if you I'm
trying to create the idea that there
will always be a demand for telling your
story on my app even if I'm the one who
creates the demand
so right now if even one person in New
York City who was let's say in the
building when the helicopter hit if they
simply signed up for the app I would
contact them and they would give $500
so the demand exists you don't have to
worry if anybody else would ask you
because I just added all pay $500 first
person who comes on here and is an
eyewitness to that helicopter accident
$500 now you don't even have to do it on
periscope you could just take the call
for me personally and I can validate
whether you're the real thing or not
before before you get much money so the
name of the app is called interface by
when hub if you just sort of search
interface it'll pop up on the app stores
it's been there for a while works real
well somebody says would you envision
police using it for informants that's
interesting probably not because it does
create a digital record and probably
informants don't want to do anything
except talking in person is my guess so
that anything that's digital is going to
make people skittish even though we
don't exchange information all right so
let's see if we can create that model so
you give stories but I doubt the
validity yeah but it's just like the
real world isn't it that you would have
people who might be pretending to know
what they do but here's the standard
that I would suggest so I was going to
do this if anybody answered it I was
going to say if you if you say you were
in the building can you show them this
instance of video call I would say can
you show me a picture of your your ID
for the building or or a photo that you
took standing there or a selfie that you
took in front of the burning building or
something like that so I would ask
people to give me some credible
information that would tell me they were
really there and it's a real person and
you don't and the call doesn't start for
I forget where we sent it a minute was
30 seconds so you have a little bit of
time to decide if the person is real now
the other thing you can do is you could
agree to a low cost or even zero
connection and then once you've decided
who they are you can use the app to send
them a donation so you don't have to
agree to pay in advance you can hear
what they have to say and you can say
look if I like what you said you're
really who you say I'll give you X
dollars and then you could just send it
as a donation so you have a number of
ways to do this all right that's all for
now and I will talk to you later