come on in here yeah it's time it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and it's
good to see you
Erica erica Michael Mike Vaughn in here
Sharona we know what you need for the
simultaneous it that's why you're here
you know your earth all you need is a
cup or a marker class Challenger Stein
the canteen jugglers last Vaseline kind
fill it with your favorite beverage I
like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that you dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better the simultaneous app
go oh yeah that's that that's a good
sipping right there Suze thank you for
all your well wishes people
congratulating me on getting engaged
with the lovely Christina Bashan a
wonderful week for me very happy and
let's talk about some news okay that's
why you're here I know you are so it'll
be news but sort of most of the news is
sort of cold news aha
it's very cold and somebody having audio
problems I don't think so let's talk
about a few things I was impressed by a
tweet by Elon Musk
Elon Musk is part of the so-called
PayPal mafia meaning that he was one of
the founders from PayPal several of whom
such as Peter teal and Reed Hoffman went
on to start other wonderful things
themselves and I always wondered if
there's something about that group that
was fundamentally different it could be
either just geniuses and once you make
your first fortune it's easier to make
you
martien so it could be nothing but
coincidence and and obvious reasons but
it seems like those PayPal mafia people
just have some different understanding
of how the human brain works just some
other kind of gear that they seem to be
able to go into to to capture the X
Factor the the imagination the you know
the the motives the you know the needs
and wants of their people there's there
seems to be something that they have an
extra vision on and this this tiny
little tweet from the Elon Musk is one
of those tells meaning it it is signals
that there's something extra going on
from the author of the tweet and here's
what he said it was just the smallest
little tweet you probably know that he
owns a company or he's a founder of a
company called the boring company B o RI
ng and it stands for is to play on words
but it stands for boring tunnels so
they've got these big pieces of
equipment that will quickly and
efficiently bore pretty big tunnel and
so he tweets and here's the exact quote
build super safe earthquake proof
tunnels under cities to solve traffic
and then he says you know definitely yes
maybe and no I like traffic so he gives
you three choices that are not really
three choices there their bias toward
yes but look how look how well he
presented in one sentence
the proposition he said build is super
safe so what's interesting here is that
he put super safe before he even told
you what the topic was so you knew that
whatever was gonna come after build
super safe he's already framed it so now
you're in the mode of oh what is it he's
gonna be talking about this super safe
and then he goes on and says it's
earthquake proof
good I don't know what he was talking
about yet but it's super safe
it's earthquake-proof so my mind is
already am safe and then he says tunnels
now if he had said tunnels first where
would my brain be if you say do we
should we build tunnels under cities we
can make them safe completely different
right so if you say tunnels first people
get claustrophobic they think about
earthquakes they think about tunnels
collapsing and everything and then you
say oh but they're safe it's already too
late because the person's already downed
themselves to an opinion and it's hard
to talk somebody out of an opinion if
they don't have an opinion maybe you can
assign it but whatever their first
opinion end is it's going to be sticky
so Ilan knowing that if they think
tunnels before they think safe words it
so that all the safety stuff is first
have you have you seen me do this when
we talk about a generation for nuclear
the way that I always advise people to
talk about it is to say let's say
somebody's never heard of generation
before they don't know what that means
so the way you introduce it is say
generation four nuclear is the kind that
eats eats nuclear waste from other
plants for its fuel and it's safe for
meltdowns and the reason that when I say
generation four I add eats nuclear waste
and say from meltdowns is because it's
the first thing you're gonna wonder
about now in the case of nuclear energy
you don't really have to you know put
the words in reverse but you got to say
I'm really really up front and soon so
anyway that's just a little little
signal that Elon certainly understands
how people work brains work Joe Biden
humorously is stating that he will not
comply with the subpoena to testify in
the Senate impeachment trial of Trump
if he is asked that's right Joe Biden
just publicly said he would obstruct
Congress he would obstruct the Senate
are you kidding me it's like I don't
think this story could be any funnier
then when it comes down to Biden Biden
said yeah I'm just gonna obstruct
justice cuz I don't like other system is
it just makes the whole thing ridiculous
it's it's that it's that final it's that
final little straw that just makes the
whole thing just look stupid now now
most of you probably thought the holy
Peecher thing was stupid and political
anyway but once you get to the point
where you say okay Biden come in and
talk to us he's like yeah I think I
better obstruction justice here I'm just
not going to do that your whole argument
is gone there's nothing left I there's
some interesting stuff happening let's
talk about historian and writer Stephen
Beschloss he tweeted this morning that
he still doesn't understand why Trump
why Trump's still won the presidency
after he was called out for allegedly
alleged being the operative word here
mocking a disabled man with a with
a gesture that looked like he was
imitating him and mocking him now how
could you be a presidential historian
and not be aware of all the compilation
clips showing him to the same same
gesture mocking other people like Ted
Cruz who have no physical disability
whatsoever and so I tweeted back you
know you say he couldn't understand how
you get elected after that happens and I
said because his supporters have access
to more news than his critics which was
literally true by the way so supporters
also the compilation clips didn't all
see it some people just didn't care but
remember he was the president who is
elected under the promise of being
offensive Trump never promised his his
supporters that he would be unoffensive
he literally promised he would be
offensive he promised it he said it
publicly because that's what it means
when he says he's not going to be
politically correct the opposite of
politically correct is not racist right
the people on the Left would like us to
believe that but the opposite of
politically correct is offensive it's
not racist it's not sexist it's not any
of those things you could be those two
I'm not saying that you're off the hook
for that stuff I'm saying that being
offensive is its own category
it just means you don't give a
about what somebody thinks it doesn't
mean you're racist it doesn't mean
you're a misogynist or any of that stuff
so President Trump promised it directly
and he promised it as clearly as you can
say it I'm not going to be politically
correct only has one meaning I'm gonna
be offensive so if you're asking why
would people vote for somebody who
surprised us by being in in the opinion
of some people I think they're wrong but
that he did something that some people
think is offensive that's what he
promised so why would his supporters
change their mind if he gave them
exactly what he said he was gonna do
which is I'm not gonna worry about that
stuff if it's offensive its offensive
but the bigger question is how could you
be a famous historian presidential
historian and author
and this is like your main topic and I
don't think he'd ever seen the
compilation clips because it was
certainly softened your opinion about it
if you had as it did for everybody who
saw them now somebody tried to argue
well I've seen the compilation clips and
he uses a little more movement when he's
talking about the guy who has the bad
arm than the other times when admittedly
he does the similar movement but they're
a little less aggressive so therefore it
must be that really this one time he
exactly those same movements they're a
little more aggressive so that must mean
he was really mocking the guy no it
doesn't mean that doesn't mean that at
all it's not even slightly meaning that
here's what it means he does his mocking
action fairly often there are lots of
videos of him doing it in different
context some of them are bigger motions
and others that's it that's all you know
all you know is he makes the motion
bigger sometimes a smaller sometimes you
don't know anything else anything else
is mind-reading alright let's talk about
Iran so there's a report that there
might have been I think the official
report of like 300 deaths and these
protests recently Reuters said there are
1,500 people killed in two weeks if Iran
murdered 1500 of its own citizens in two
weeks let's say that's true how do they
stay how do they stay a country I mean
that's that's a pretty big death count
for a country that at least sometimes
has access to the Internet so I'd be
really watching that story 1,500 seems
close to a breaking point you know what
if you were to imagine how many how many
Iranian citizens protesting would have
to be murdered by the government before
the country would fall and I don't know
the number is at 10,000 is it 20,000
would they have to kill 20,000 of their
own people before the public would say
all right that's enough you know we're
done with this government 15 hundreds a
lot probably not enough to topple the
country but it's moving in that
direction and I haven't heard if the
protests have slowed down but I suppose
they have we did hear that the reason
for the the bad smell in Tehran
apparently there have been a bad smell
on a lot of days and people were trying
to figure out what that was it was
because they were burning
a low quality fuel that you normally
wouldn't use because of this problem
unless you had shortages so that smell
that they sometimes smell in Turan which
which is apparently pretty bad
is a polluting dangerous kind of fuel
that you wouldn't burn if unless you add
two basically so things are going bad
there I'm going to talk about North
Korea then I'm going to pivot back to
Iran the thing that fascinates me about
North Korea and I say this all the time
is that it's a pretend military
situation but it's actually just a
psychological problem
the psychology puzzle now if it were
just a military problem I wouldn't have
any insight and knowing that but in the
realm of psychology I can at least
brainstorm a little bit and maybe maybe
add something to the texture and
composition of the ideas and that might
be worth something so let's talk about
that now I'll try to put it like a
different spin on this so it doesn't
seem like you're here in the same North
Korea story every time but here's the
basic problem if you try to get trust
first you have an unsolvable problem
meaning that North Korea says we'll do
this if you do that we say we'll do this
if you do that but nobody wants to go
first
because there's no trust so what do you
do when the problem is trust and you
don't know how to create trust well the
first thing you should do is not start
there don't start with trust because
that's just not possible there's no way
to get there from here
we can't just suddenly trust and then
work from there so you have to cheat the
system a little bit you have to figure
out how to get fake trust or do what I
call the magic trick I'll explain that
in a minute
but here's here's how I would approach
it if I were president of the country I
would start by saying hey North Korea
can we agree on what what the
looks like so I would get North Korea to
say can we just agree what we wanted to
look like you know what what would be
this state of success describe it and
then have a common vision let's say that
state of success is that North Korea
stays in business they open up for more
Commerce there their weapons are no
longer pointed at us our weapons are no
longer pointed at that so let's just
first agree what it should look like
don't need too many details just say
we'd like to be trading partners we'd
like to not be enemies and we'd like to
now have our military in any way
threatening yours or yours to threaten
ours so you start there it's very
important to have the image of where
you're going otherwise you won't go in
the same direction second thing is you
need some kind of a roadmap well
actually first you need to reframe
things which is part of the vision
here's the most here's the most
persuasive sentence I can think of to
reframe our relationship with North
Korea it goes like this
hey North Korea there are lots of
reasons for us to be friends and get
along there are no reasons to be enemies
that's it that's a whole argument there
are lots of reasons to get along
safety economics lots of reasons there
isn't a single reason you can't list one
and neither can we why we should be
pointing pointing weapons in each other
North Korea I can't think of a reason we
should be pointing weapons at you and
vice versa can you do you have any
reasons and this is this is terribly um
powerful because you're not telling them
what they should do you're asking asking
is really persuasive compared to telling
if you say stop pointing your weapons at
us people just automatically take the
reverse well I'll point my weapons on
you don't tell me I can't point my
weapons you I'm a country
you know manage your own country I'll
point my weapons anywhere I want but if
you say we don't we can't think of a
reason to point a weapon are you help us
out here can you think of a reason to
point a weapon at us because we can't
think of one completely changes how you
imagine the situation it's very powerful
next thing you do is build some kind of
a roadmap where you have a series of
steps where you could say ok we open it
up to a little bit of travel that went
ok ok we did some things with some
currency some we set up some systems to
talk with each other and that went ok so
you want a long-term roadmap where it's
stuff that's kind of easy because you
want something that looks like momentum
momentum is very important because being
in a in a locked state for a long time
is bad you know you just nobody can get
what they want but if you have even a
little bit of progress just a little bit
then people start thinking of it in a
directional sense and then it's easier
for them to add the next bit of little
progress so you need to at a minimum
something needs to be happening every
day this is a systems versus a goal
right so the goal is that you're living
in peace whatever but the system getting
there should be that every single day
North Korea is working with South Korea
and the United States to have a little
bit more interaction on a positive way
in whatever low level you know random
things are just just positive small
progress so you always have to have that
going on I don't think we have it I
haven't heard of anything lately
there was sound to my mind like anything
like progress so you need to find that
even if it's very very small then
so here's where I think it needs to go
and this will get back to Iran and other
countries China and Russia so I'm going
to make a very big case and it goes like
this in our history including our recent
history you know world war ii vietnam in
our in our human history military
conflict has been unfortunately an
effective tool a country could take over
another country it happens and they
could even make a gain out of it it
might even work out well for the
conquering country took it over you know
collect taxes maybe you're more secure
from other countries attacking you
whatever but i would say that in 2020
and it's been the case for a while the
economic war is just better and we see
Trump being the really the major face of
what I'd call economic war now we've had
sanctions and economic wars for for
decades but Trump seems to be the one
who's really defines the transition from
I can't think of any reasons to send
bombs when we could just squeeze the
economy it's probably safer probably
fewer people die probably get a better
result so we've moved from military as
the primary weapon of country against
country at least of say big powerful
countries at to economics you see this
with China for example because there's
no situation where having a military war
with China will ever make sense for
China or for us and there's no you can't
even imagine any circumstance in the
your wildest imagination where either
the United States or China would ever
cut or think they could come out ahead
by starting a war with each other and I
would argue that after we've moved from
military as really the main and only
tool to economics as the main and only
tool there's still another phase
and it would be a really good phase to
get to and I'll call it the countries as
brands phase it goes like this
ideally we would not want to have to put
sanctions on North Korea but we would
still want economic pressure to cause
them to get rid of let's say their
prison camps or to get rid of any other
activity we think over there we don't
want we'd like to get to a place where
North Korea wants to take care of it
itself to improve its X for example if
let's say North Korea opened up and
became a manufacturing center tomorrow
and you started getting your clothing
saying with an exciting made in North
Korea would you be cool with that
probably not because you'd say what
about otto warmbier would say what about
their prison camps you know what about
counterfeiting or whatever else they're
doing what about their nukes so you
would be disincentive disincentivized
from buying North Korean products
because their brand is no good and if
they needed to fix their brand they
would do it for their own purposes which
is to increase their economic game and
we wouldn't have to pressure them so we
wouldn't have to threaten them with
bombs we wouldn't have to threaten them
with sanctions we would just say you
know a lot more people are gonna buy
North Korean sneakers if you clean up
your act so I think the ultimate place
you want to go is that the new nuclear
countries compete on a brand basis you
see for example China putting massive
amounts into Africa now part of that is
to secure natural resources etc I think
that's the main part but that entire
process has a lot to do with a brand and
what you think about China and would you
rather do business which I know or the
United States or Russia which of those
brands works best for you China is at
the moment ruining its brand with what
they're doing with
the forst forst transplants and the
prison camps in Hong Kong and all that
and you can see that the decoupling for
China is gonna be big I think and it's
gonna hurt China's economy is going to
be precarious specifically because their
brand has been ruined in the past year
or so so I think where you need to go
with North Korea is to say look here's
the deal we don't want to do military
economic pressure is sort of a 20-19
solution can we get to a better place
where you're just competing on brand and
if you want to set up manufacturing
facilities well nobody's going to buy
your stuff until you clean up your act
so maybe you can sell to a third world
country or something but you're not
going to get the big markets until you
clean up your act so that's where I see
it going from military as the tool to
economic sanctions as the tool that's
where we are today to some day and I'm
not only talking about the big nuclear
countries including North Korea because
their nuclear the big ones just have to
compete on brand because it doesn't make
sense for two nuclear countries to be
sanctioning each other or shooting each
other it just doesn't make sense all
right so here's the magic trick I talked
about if you're trying to get people to
trust each other and you're trying to
get people to you know move down this
roadmap you know down the path sometimes
you have to do this little psychological
trick that I'll call the magic trick and
it can take many forms but it's how you
it's how you get out of a psychological
roadblock you know if you're stymied
psychologically this is a magic trick
that just works psychologically to get
you out of that blockage and I'll start
by an example and then generalize it
suppose we said to North Korea and again
this is just brainstorming you know you
should all understand I don't know
enough about international events to
have you know firm good opinions on this
thing so this is in in the
in the service of educating you on the
concept alright suppose you said to
North Korea well North Korea we've asked
you to go first with your nukes and
you've asked us to go first
United States by withdrawing our
military from South Korea but how about
this we're going to unilaterally declare
an end to the North Korean War we'll
just say we're out as far as we're
concerned the war is over yeah the war
that's been technically on the books for
final forty whatever years so the first
thing you do is just psychological you
say we don't see a reason to be a war we
don't see why you should point at us we
just can hand it you know you could end
it - we'd love it if you'd agree but
we're going to end it because there's
nobody to fight with you can't have a
war unless you have two sides that want
to be in a war and we don't have that so
we're just we're just going to say it
doesn't exist anymore so make it
official so that's the first thing and
it's just psychological and it cost you
nothing here's the second thing you
declare that you're going to repurpose
your forces in South Korea this is a
part where I don't know what I'm talking
about so just go with the concept more
than the details here and you say to
North Korea now that we're not at war
we're going to unilaterally we don't
even need to you know get your agreement
we're just going to repurpose our forces
so that they're more about let's say
containing China's military in the in
the area so we'll say North Korea we
still have a lot of military here maybe
we didn't remove any of it but we're
gonna repurpose it it'll have a
different function and it's because we
don't see you as the threat anymore we
see the in the long term so China is our
mutual threat in other words you create
a situation in which you say somewhat
artificially
artificially this is the magic trick
because you're saying to yourself wait a
minute I let me think ahead to you
you're saying to yourself Scott our
North Korea is not going to believe that
you just changed the mission of your
military right on their border
and you're just leaving the same stuff
there like that's completely not
believable
that's the magic trick the magic trick
is that they don't need to believe it
exactly they need to they need to think
it sort of looks like it's moving in the
right direction
in other words North Korea may need to
convince its own population that the
United States does not have dangerous
intentions and simply saying that we're
gonna leave it there but we're gonna
change its mission doesn't really make
North Korea that safe compared to the
current situation but if you combine
that with ending the war and then saying
we're just gonna be more guns in a
different direction suddenly that's the
magic trick because it feels like
something's happening even though the
reality is we'd have the same military
assets it wouldn't take much to just
turn the guns in the other direction so
I think you get there by offering a a
unilateral go first concession that's
almost entirely psychological and they
know it because they have they know they
have the same problem that they're
solving a psychology problem not a
military problem and I think that they
might be willing to go along with the
sharad if you will the charade that that
it's a it's a different time that and
that the real concern is that maybe
China gets a little aggressive over
there so the reframe would be to say you
know in the long run North Korea we
would like you to be on our side because
we're both a little concerned about
China and maybe you should be concerned
too you're right on the border and
they'd certainly like to have more
control over you not last so that's the
that's the idea
I've got a prediction for the future
about housing here's a housing
prediction of the future I think we will
reach a point where corporations
we'll provide a relatively low income
homes for free in return for using an
entire suite of products that are all
from the same corporation so let me give
you an example if you if live if you're
living in an apartment or a house no
matter who you are you're probably
paying for a variety of insurances
you're paying for your phone service
your cable your internet to your your
Wi-Fi your electricity your gardening
you might have an appliance insurance
and and that's off so suppose a
corporation said you may live in this
house you know maybe it's a lease or
something and you can live there for
free but you don't have any choice while
you're living there you have to use our
cable our phone or our products our
insurance etc and those things
collectively you know and you have to
use our gardener etc collectively it
might be enough that you could get a
corporation to give you a free home you
just have to use their products at
market prices same price everybody else
is doing yes
somebody's saying in the comments a
Walmart housing versus Amazon housing
yeah I was thinking that companies like
Apple Google Amazon Walmart exactly
those are the companies and here's the
other thing delivery right now I use a
whole bunch of different delivery
systems from you know FedEx to UPS to
Amazon to the mail to - door - - you
name it
maybe you just use one so I would see
that coming there's a company called
lifetime
I think it's Lifetime Fitness that's
branching out to create entire living
communities around their facilities so
they've got their their lifetime Fitness
is a big health club that has lots of
different services from
child care to all God's things and now
they're building a lifetime work so
there's like office space you can rent
that's actually connected to their gym
which is great and then it's also
connected apparently to some apartments
so you could actually have an apartment
a place of work and a gym with all kinds
of different facilities from haircuts to
childcare to food and everything else
and it's all right in one place this was
basically three buildings they give you
living working and and all your
recreation and childcare and everything
else just drop the kids off and they can
play and stuff
and I thought apparently the the
business model for this works so this I
saw an interview with the CEO and
they're building these things and he
says that at least the working space
part of it would be profitable on day
one and I imagine the the the living
spaces ones would be as well because
that's easy to cost down so this might
be a pretty big deal I love I love the
idea of putting all of your good stuff
in one place and getting rid of the
commute so that's another model so I
think you can see in next 10 years all
these new models faretta provide
low-cost high quality life and all of
these are in the category of reducing
the I would say the corporate not
corporate the the federal debt because
right now we don't have enough money for
all of us to live a good life there's no
amount of taxes that would let everybody
have a good life you have to lower the
cost of having a good life and then
there's enough money and so you can see
it with lifestyle and housing can change
a lot all right it's sort of a weird
week isn't it because we don't have all
the usual trum news you know we got a
little but yeah there are other things
worth talking about I got a question for
you I realized that one of the biggest
things that's missing in the current
time to solve all of our biggest
problems is a job that
exists so here's a question for you does
this already exists is there such thing
as a major college major or a profession
with a like a professional organization
for what I would call system designs
now when I say system I don't mean a
computer system I mean a system such as
healthcare a system such as building
homes for from low-income people a
system such as building a community so
somebody's saying yes if you could be
more specific because an engineer
doesn't get you there
somebody's saying I do idea was a design
firm in San Francisco and elsewhere I've
worked with them I guess you could argue
that they would be capable of that yes
that's actually not bad
but I haven't seen them work on maybe
they do on systems for like governments
and stuff Imagineers operations so it's
not really a project manager job anyway
so here's the point what we need is
people who would be the designers of how
to fix addiction the designer of how to
build a low-cost home the designer of
how to fix healthcare and we should be
we should be looking at what designers
are coming up with and letting the
public grapple with it let me give you
my cleanest example of this if you were
going to design a home today to sell how
would you do it well you do it the way
all the big home builders do they would
build a home that would look good in a
photograph and would make you want to
buy it if you walk through it so right
now the process of designing a home is
designing a home that somebody will buy
because that's the whole point you're
buying just you want to sell them but
what the designers don't do is build it
from the function up so that it's
perfect for the customer it homes are
built for the benefit of the seller you
know the person who built the home in
the first place now for the benefit of
the buyer that's the way all products
are built right products are built for
the benefit of the person who built it
not the benefit of the person who's
buying it but you could imagine maybe
it's an open source project and where in
which you say let's design a perfect
living room just the dimensions and once
you've designed it you make sure that
it's perfectly square or rectangular in
the sense that when you're doing let's
say the walls and the floors that you
never have to cut anything so you take
the the floor tiles and they're all I
don't know one foot by one foot and it
always fits exactly into your perfect
living room because you sized it so it's
exactly you know even even amount of one
foot tiles now the point is that you
could drop a construction cost to almost
nothing if you made it's so easy that
anybody could put in their own floor
because literally nothing is being cut
they could build their own wall and
blocks again nothing's being sawed
nothing's being cut nothing's being
nailed so I do think that if you started
with function and said alright what do
people do and then you built the perfect
room to do it it's got the right closets
and drawers and surfaces and outlets and
height and light and all that stuff and
then you could have maybe some you know
several examples that are the best of
the versions so you should here are the
things you should be able to do away
with by better planning you should be
able to do way with the engineering
expense because you only build a few
different types of models
you don't need an engineer this is pre
engineered you should be able to do away
with the architect because again you're
doing common designs and you design at
once and that's that's all idea you
should be able to do away with most
maintenance such as painting so if you
make an exterior that's less a brick or
something else you never need to paint
it so you just do away with maintenance
so if you started with design first you
could do away with just huge swaths of
costs you could centralize some things
etc so it's all about designs and so
sooner or later somebody is going to the
designer I was thinking of doing this on
Twitter and the way I would do it is I
would started I'm just brainstorming
here but I would start a separate
Twitter address and I would tweet out
for example show me a picture of the
perfect bathroom the perfect bedroom the
perfect living room and people would
just submit comments and vote them up
and maybe you could build maybe you
could build the beginning of what would
look like an ideal low-cost home and
then once you have the ideal low-cost
home you encourage companies to compete
with sweets sweets of services your your
Wi-Fi your phone your insurance
everything else and then you make them
compete too sweet again sweet in a shell
of the building that's perfectly
designed to be the most liveable place
all right
somebody says a lot of hotels have a
good design you know here's the thing if
you're a designer you don't really have
the option of just designing the thing
that somebody else already designed
because your job as a designer so you've
got to make the next hotel look
different from the last and if they're
different
one of them's not as good right so
hotels are about making your thing look
different and as long as you're making
your thing look different you're going
to be able to rank them from the one
that's good to the one that's better
whereas if you started with let's just
make the best room and then we'll stick
these best rooms together until we've
got best houses that would be a
completely different way to approach it
all right nothing else exciting going on
today so I'm going to move along but
what we need are designers and project
managers to fix the world think about
that talk to you later