[Music]
hey everybody come on in I'm a little
bit
late woke up to a little bit of a house
emergency this morning it wasn't fun at
all but it's all taken care of um I know
why you're
here gather around grab a seat any seat
there are no no assigned seats take a
seat uh ideal a seat in your own house
or possibly your
car and let us begin with something I
call the simultaneous sip it begins when
you put a liquid your favorite liquid in
a glass of mug a cup a Stein a chalice
possibly a thermos a tanker and then you
raise it to your mouth with me and you
enjoy the simultaneous
sip Ah that's one of the best ones of
the week
so as I said I got a late start this
morning so I'm a little bit unorganized
so I don't know how this is going to go
we'll see here are the following
interesting stories happening I noted uh
Tucker Carlson issued an
apology an apology nobody asked him to
but he he apologized for he is
essentially for his treatment of Joe
Biden over the nuzzle gate
stuff and I want to say a few things
about that number
one in a weird
way uh Joe Biden has been cleared or
let's say
vetted of one of the PO the worst
possible things that could happen
because with all these women talking
about these nonsexual things you know an
eskimo kiss and sniffing somebody's hair
or
whatever nobody came forward and said
anything sexual happened nobody you
would think with all that publicity
there would be at least one nut who
would come forward and say oh he also
touched me in the wrong place so in a
weird way it's sort of the dog that
didn't bark with all this attention on
this guy of a certain age who's been in
Washington and around forever there's
nobody who has a worse complaint than he
hugged too much if you think about it
it's kind of not so bad I don't know how
many 76 year- old powerful Washington
men could have that much attention and
nobody would come out of a closet and
say yeah you know something something
worse than that happen to nobody it's
pretty good I mean we're obviously we're
grading on a curve because we should
assume that nobody is doing that sort of
thing but the reality is people are and
at least he is a
so let's give him that now he issued his
uh his apology and
uh and it
was I don't know it was
adorable and wrong at the same time I'm
not sure it was an apology it was more
of a clarification I guess it was sort
of an apology we're talking about Biden
himself in his little
video and what he said was that he's
he's now understanding that times have
changed and the the filter at which we
look at this physical behavior is
different in 2019 and now he's
understanding that and he will modify
his behavior to which I
say when was it okay to do awkward
things to people and violate their
personal
space somehow the entire media gave him
a pass on the most ridiculous assumption
the most ridiculous assumption is that
it used to be okay
[Laughter]
I'm pretty old I've been around I don't
remember any time it was okay to violate
somebody's personal space and touch them
in ways that made them
uncomfortable now what's different is
that people are going to go public about
it what's different is it becomes a
headline what's different is what people
say about it so that's all different but
there was never a time in the 70s when
when Joe Biden could could go up to you
grab you from behind sniff your hair and
unless you knew him really well you'd
feel totally okay with that all right so
somehow I haven't heard one person say
Joe are you saying this used to be okay
because I don't remember that I don't
remember the time when everybody was
okay with any kind of nonsexual physical
contact but
anyway I will add my voice to uckers
which is um interestingly it it's almost
as if the right has given Biden more of
a pass on this than the left you know
the right had their memes and we had our
fun and it was definitely
entertaining but in the
end it's probably not
disqualifying it might it might have a
big impact on the vote so in a sense he
might not be the strongest candidate
because of this but I'd have to agree
it's not disqualifying and um probably
is a little ridiculous and so it's hard
to keep it in perspective but I guess I
would I would say that I never felt
comfortable uh forwarding the memes but
I think I did forward them because they
were just too funny it's not my fault
it's not my fault it's funny all right
enough about
that um so the president tweeted this
morning I think think that the
Republican party is the party of the
American
dream it sounds like he's testing out a
new penguin and the dingleberries that's
that made me laugh I'm looking at a
comment I know who you're talking about
you're talking about Nadler somebody
called Nadler uh the penguin penguin and
the
dingleberries that's pretty funny um
anyway the president's testing out this
phrase it sounds like the Republic party
is the party of the American dream and I
thought to
myself not bad it's not bad I don't know
if it's it's a campaign slogan quality
but it does it does bring back you know
it evokes sort of the make America great
again thing I can see why has appeal I I
have a tpid approval of it it's not it's
not a barn burner but it's pretty
solid all right
um there you know I always love to talk
about the the dog that didn't bark uh
here's another one so this was suggested
I just saw this on Twitter by Twitter
user
um John Clarkson so John if you're
watching this you made me laugh this
morning so the climate change argument
uh often focuses on glaciers and the
Antarctic and the argument is that we're
seeing the changes in the glaciers and
the Antarctic more pronounced than we
would see anywhere else that's sort of
the first place and John says and you're
you're going to laugh you're going to
laugh when you hear this because you
didn't already think of
it so yeah John Clarkson so John says uh
why is
why why is it that that the uh climate
change risk just happens to be in the
hardest place for we citizens to go look
at it
like I mean think about it what are the
odds that the the place on Earth that
we're having most of the alleged climate
change climate change effects just just
happens to be the place we can't go
look now I'm not claiming that therefore
climate change is a fraud all right it's
probably a perfectly you know rational
Co incidence that it just happens to be
the place that makes the big change is a
place that's an extreme part of the
globe and it's hard to get to so there's
probably nothing you know I'm not I'm
not assuming that there's any connective
tissue but when the first time I heard
the question it's like huh after 40
Years of failed climate change
predictions and I think everybody would
agree that in the past you know decades
past the predictions have been
inaccurate it's like they finally found
a way that we can't go check we can't go
look uh again that's not predictive of
anything it's just a funny
coincidence but here's another one so
I'm going to add my own uh dog that
didn't
bark so here's a way I I'm going to
propose to you a way to know that
climate change is
fake now it's a testable
hypothesis so I'm going to give you
something that could be um objectively
measured it wouldn't be easy but I think
you could do it and if you meas measured
it I think you would find that my
following statement is actually more
insightful than maybe your first first
reaction to it here it is true or false
Republicans and
Democrats always
disagree no matter the facts or the
argument
so so I first have to get you to agree
to that statement is it true that no
matter the topic Republicans and
Democrats are going to disagree and it
wouldn't matter if you were looking at
the same fact you know if if if an alien
came to Earth and stood in front of you
if the first person who got to the alien
was a republican the Democrats would say
he doesn't exist if the first person who
got to the alien was a Democrat all
Republicans would say doesn't exist even
if they stood there and looked at him
because they can't agree right so so
start with that assumption that in
general of course there are individuals
individuals can go back and forth but as
a group the Republicans are going to be
on one side Democrats are going to be on
another
except for climate
change apparently climate change is the
one situation where all the Republican
scientists or according to the 97% of
scientists rule that the vast majority
of Republican
scientists agree with a vast majority of
democrat um Democrat scientists do you
believe that if you actually sorted the
scientists by Republican and Democrats
that you would find that both sides are
close to that you know High 90s
agreement about climate
science if that's true and this is the
thing I'm saying could be checked you
could do you could do a survey where you
could identify all the climate
scientists sort them by Democrats and
Republicans somehow get
them this is the hard part getting an
honest answer because they would have to
know the scientists would have to be be
confident that nobody could ever track
it back to them they would have to know
that the poll is super Anonymous somehow
I don't know if you could accomplish
that because they'd have to feel it's
Anonymous not just be anonymous but if
you could do that do you think that the
Republican scientists would have the
same
opinion if that's true and they
do you better be really worried about
climate science you better be super
worried if it's true that the Republican
scientists agree with the Democrats that
it's a dire problem you better be pretty
F freaking scared all right seriously no
joke if the Republican scientists have
the same ratio of belief that the world
is coming to an end that means that even
politics isn't a strong enough Force for
them to not see the obvious in front of
them now there are certain situations
that are rare where Republicans and
Democrats do agree so for example if
there's a terror attack on the country
Republicans Democrats same opinion right
it's attack on the country we all come
together but that's the rare situation
in a situation where there's no
immediate you know danger of something
exploding today we're almost always on
different sides so here's my next point
this dovetails into Point number
two climate science is no longer a
science
question climate science is no longer a
science
question it is trans it is uh evolved
into a persuasion question and you could
and that's true in two completely
different ways one way is if it's true
that climate science is exactly the risk
that the ex that the majority of experts
are saying if that's true and they can't
convince half of the country that it's
true it's a it's a catastrophic problem
so if it's true and they can't convince
the country that's one situation
catastrophic
problem if it's true and we can't
convince the country to use uh
Generation 4 safe nuclear technology
which is has been brought to the point
where just we need some more engineering
and iteration but we know it'll work and
we know it will be safe from meltdowns
and we know it actually eats no n it
eats nuclear waste from older plants so
it's like good in every possible way and
we mostly know how to do
it the only way to save the world
according to Bill Gates who's looked
into it and lots of other smart people
is to convince the half of the country
that believes in climate science that
the only way to address it is with the
safe new technology for nuclear but they
cannot be convinced so there are two
completely different persuasion um
monstrous persuasion
challenges if it's true you want to
convince the people who don't think it
is true and if it's true you've got to
convince the people who do think it's
true that there's one solution and it's
nuclear and it's not Grandma's nuclear
that was unsafe it's the it's the modern
stuff it's a let's call it uh Millennium
nuclear I don't know trying to come up
with a new name that makes it sound
friendlier and so
uh I have I think I told you this before
that I have
personally um through personal
conversation I have concluded that
people on the left the prominent pundits
the people who shape opinion on the left
are literally unaware that Generation 4
nuclear technology is the solution to
all of their problems they actually have
never even heard it it's like words that
have never come into their ears
now who's whose fault is that well it's
obviously the uh the silos of the news
you only see your news people on the
right generally know this they may not
know as much about Generation 4 but they
do think nuclear is a good idea even if
they're not up toate people on the left
have never even heard of this generation
4 stuff doesn't exist
so I believe that
persuasion is the solution
and that um whether or not climate
change is the catastrophic risk that
some actually many
say uh the safe nuclear technology is
still the answer so it's the answer
whether it's bad it's the answer even if
it's not bad because you still need lots
of power it's simply the best way to get
there it's the best thing for the
economy best thing for poor people best
thing for technology best thing for the
economy best thing in every possible way
so um people like
me who are trained to persuade suddenly
have a responsibility that we didn't ask
for and you you see this right if there
are only certain people who can be
persuasive in other words they know how
to do
it and the fate of the planet depends on
those few people who know how to
persuade to actually do
it I feel this um I was feeling this
yesterday I was feeling this
enormous I'm not going to call it a
weight because it didn't feel that way
enormous social
responsibility and you you see that Mark
Schneider in particular he's he's my
Nuclear expert works in the
industry he's mostly informed me so I
have enough information now that I can
start persuading other people um I've
been making lots of noise about it
Mark's been making lots of noise about
it Bill Gates has been making lots of
noise about it um and I'm trying to
think who else but uh if you watched the
five yesterday you saw Greg geld mention
uh nuclear I wish he had used Generation
4 the buzzword to uh alert people that
the new technology is not the same as
the old technology um we saw that uh
representative uh Matt Gates just had an
announcement he's he's calling his uh
proposals the green real deal and he
includes a uh I won't say a focus
necessarily but um he calls out nuclear
as part of the solution now I think Matt
needs to get to the next level of of
calling a generation 4 and making sure
that the first time you say it you say
the good stuff so here's my here's my
first uh let's say
uh I don't want to call it a gift but I
don't know another word I'm going to
give you a persuasion
technique that I'd like you to take with
you so I'm going to train you all
everybody who's watching this and I'm
going to weaponize
you so you've probably had the you I'm
sure you've had the experience of
getting into a conversation with with a
friend or whatever and you bring up
nuclear and immediately they have
problems with it and you know maybe
maybe they're just not convinced so I'm
going to tell you how to
persuade for the cleaner newer safer
nuclear and here's the trick the first
sentence needs to
include the safety
element and the fact that it eats the
waste from the old machines because the
two things that people worry about are
is it going to have a meltdown and the
answer is no the new technology doesn't
and uh what about the nuclear waste it
creates and it turns out it eats nuclear
waste so the way I do it is I whenever I
introduce it in a tweet or a sentence I
say we should be looking at the new
generation 4 nuclear that is safe from
meltdown and eats nuclear waste for its
own fuel so do you see that that's just
one sentence what you don't want to do
to say hey why aren't we doing nuclear
because as soon as you say nuclear
somebody who's anti-nuclear or only
knows about the old less safe technology
goes R and the walls go
up you want to get the you want to get
the message in with a full safe and eats
and eats the waste message so you want
that's that should be your first uh
introduction to Generation 4 You should
also call call it Generation 4 do not
say hey there there is new nuclear
technology because people are very um
influenced by words if you say hey I've
got a new nuclear solution people hear
nuclear and they go um no I've I've got
40 Years of feeling bad about nuclear no
so don't use nuclear as your first word
I say generation 4
first so I don't say nuclear technology
of the generation 4 type you start with
Generation 4 because you want that to be
the brand all right remember the brand
is not nuclear the brand is Generation
4
nuclear uh because then people say oh
that's not nuclear that's that's
generation for
nuclear um somebody said Bill Gates
first so it is also very good persuasion
to say it's the thing that Bill
Gates uh says is literally the only
economical practical fast enough way to
even have a chance even a chance of
addressing climate risk assuming climate
risk is what people
say so there is my persuasion I'm going
to weaponize all of you and I know
members of the media and um a lot of
politicians watch this and a lot of
their staff so the way to talk about it
is first sentence generation for nuclear
not just nuclear Generation 4 nuclear
and and without any
punctuation say safe from
meltdown and eats nuclear waste for
fuel that sentence in that structure is
way more persuasive than any other
approach um then people are going say
yes but it's too expensive and they um
their regulations and rules and stuff
like that the way to address that is to
say we're in the age of trump and
getting rid of regulations is what he's
good at secondly some of these sites
could be collocated with other sites so
you already have a site that's sort of a
nuclear site so that could work but um
they also because they don't have the
Meltdown risk you can locate them in a
lot more places than you could locate
the ones that do have a meltdown risk
because any any kind of a you know even
if it got hit with a bomb it would be
contained in sort of a few miles and
that would be
it
um somebody says I used to say molten
salt yeah I think it's a mistake to say
thorium or molten salt or uh what is it
uh uh
some kind of lead Pebbles or whatever it
is there are a whole bunch of
technologies that are within Generation
4 but I think Generation 4 is a stronger
brand not only because it encapsulates
you know the the several Technologies oh
lead is it uh Molen lead yeah um but
Generation 4 also sounds newer and it
Generation 4 speaks of progress right as
soon as you hear Generation 4 you know
that then somebody says the ones we have
now are generation one or two I forget
but as soon as you say that then people
understand it from software it's like oh
okay this is not like this is not
Windows version one this is something
else okay so I have now we weaponized
all of you and when you talk about it
watch how that phrasing changes how
people respond to it I I I challenge you
to find anybody who says this is a bad
idea the generation 4 new
once you've explained it well I haven't
met one it it can you you just try to
process that try to process that I've
never
met
anybody I don't think online or offline
who once you describe it and once once
you can tell they understand what you
said that they have a problem with it I
mean they might have some vague you know
questions and stuff but I've never heard
anybody push back it's it's the damst
thing so we must push back and we must
find a way to break the new Silo on the
left because it wouldn't matter how
persuasive people are on the right they
were already leaning toward nuclear
anyway you need to persuade the other
side
and
uh yeah if if somebody if somebody on
the Democrat side who's let's say in the
top four says let's go so crazy with
Generation 4
nuclear you don't want to be the
Republican who didn't say it
first let me let
me let me put this in political terms so
I can weaponize it further all right
wait for this so you know that there are
um most of the people watching this are
probably Trump leaning people but
they're you know they're probably a
solid 20% who are not um
I I'm going to make a
claim that I think is true I think this
is true but you know you'd have to test
it and here's the
claim whichever candidate when we get
down to the final two Trump versus
whoever is whoever is the Democrat
whichever of those two says the words
generation for
nuclear
first will be the president
will
win if Trump
lets the Democratic Challenger say it
first he's not going to want to say it
second and then he's going to lose the
election if he says it first he takes
climate change off the
table their strongest play that all they
have is healthc care and climate change
right it comes down to that climate
change and Healthcare are the two things
that are going to activate Dem
rats I don't think that the Republicans
are going to do anything but fail on
Healthcare all all history evidence and
current activities suggest that the
Republicans will have absolutely nothing
on
Healthcare um so they they're just going
to be weak there and they're going to
have to deal with that but on climate
change if Trump says Generation 4
nuclear before his opponents do so he
can own it
impossible for him to lose the election
unless some new thing happened between
now and then so I think it's that strong
I think it's that big a deal if you if
if Trump brought Bill Gates into the
White House and they had a a photo op
and then Trump and gates to a a press
conference and he's and Trump says I'm
no expert in nuclear but listen to Bill
Gates and then Bill Gates does his thing
and says you know I think nuclear is the
way to go I'm I'm not doing this for
political purposes I appreciate that the
president gives me you know this
platform um and this is something that
you should not be a Republican or a
Democrat about it's the fate of the
planet and even if you don't believe
climate change is a risk it's still the
right thing to do it's still the
economical thing to do it's still the
smart thing to do if Trump did that and
by the way I always think it's obnoxious
when people who are not in his job you
know give EV give him uh suggestions
about what to say or you know how he
should give a speech or you know who who
he should talk to I always find it
obnoxious and the reason I do that is
because you you and I are not
president you know he he became
president not because he has bad
instincts right so his instincts you're
going to have to just say anybody who
becomes president whether it's Trump for
anybody else they're smart right about
this stuff so it's
always um it's almost
embarrassing as a citizen to imagine
that you can give them advice on on the
details of how to do their job because
they just know more than you do about
what they're doing they have good
instincts uh
so um but I'm just saying so I'll make
this a
prediction not a advice because I just
don't I don't feel like advice is it
just doesn't feel right to me to give
advice to someone who's so much more
successful than you are right how's that
make sense um so I'll just say it's a
prediction if Trump says Generation 4
nuclear he can't win he can't lose the
election unless there's some new news
that we don't know about all right all
right so uh I there's a new
site that someone alerted me to called
alls side
all allsides all onew
word.com and it's interesting because it
it seems to consolidate uh links to
articles and it does it and it labels
them how far right Republican and how
far left you know Democrat the articles
are and so it's a p you go to their
homepage and you see all the Articles
and then you see they're labeled are
these from the left to the right and and
I thought to myself uh yeah it's only
new to me that's right I'm not saying
it's a new site I just happened to
notice it and I thought my God this
could be good and I had the I had this
interesting uh reaction to it which was
I look at an article and I read the you
know what the title of the article is
and I'd say hey that could be
interesting and then I'd see how they
labeled it and it would be labeled
either far right or far left and I
immediately said oh I don't have to read
that so it's actually a new site that
labels all of its own content as
unnecessary to read now they don't do
that intentionally but as soon as I see
an article is labeled far right or far
left I say there's no point in reading
it because it's just
propaganda now if I go to CNN or or Fox
News since it's not labeled like other
than being in their
Universe I'm still tempted to read it
I'll read any article on CNN I'll read
any article on Fox but as soon as they
put that label on it on the allsides.com
where they tell me this one's far right
or this one's far left I looked at them
and I go I don't need to click that they
already told me I don't need to read it
they they have done the work for me
there's nothing in here except
misleading information why would I read
that article so I love the idea of it
but I was suggest that people are really
addicted to reading the news sources
that feel good that people consume news
as
entertainment so what has changed is
that news used to be information and
it's definitely not information anymore
news is pure entertainment that's why
we're talking about Joe Biden's nuzzle
gate and not nuclear uh nuclear power in
the news right let me you look at the
news look at what could be they could be
talking about and there's just no
correlation between useful information
and what's what's in the news it's just
entertainment at this point people are
not going to give up their
entertainment because some other site
has useful news just humans don't do
that all
right
uh just looking at my notes
here oh there was a study I don't know
how reliable it is all studies are
unreliable it seems but uh I like to
talk about the studies that agree with
something I already thought so maybe
they didn't even need to do a study on
this but it was a study that said that
uh people think that other people are
fooled by bad
media didn't you already know
that so the study said that people think
that they personally are not Bamboozled
by the media that they consume but
they're pretty sure those other people
are a lot of other people were getting
Bamboozled
so uh and I thought they could have just
asked me they didn't really
they didn't really need to do that
survey did they everybody thinks that's
other people who are being fooled by the
news um and
then the weirdest and most fun thing in
the news is that uh Trump keeps saying
that his father was born in
Germany
right and I haven't seen it reported but
wasn't his grandfather born over the and
say Trump
grandfather
grandfather Germany or was it
Austria uh Trump's grandfather was
kicked out of Germany according to
CNN uh so he came to the United States
at the age of 16 so that was Frederick
Trump so um in all the reporting you've
seen where Trump keeps saying uh that
his father was born in
in
Germany uh and then they report that
it's fake news and what's wrong with him
is he insane is he crazy is he lying
then nobody says the obvious
explanation isn't the obvious
explanation that he meant his
grandfather like what the hell else
would be the
explanation um well I'm right right did
he say that did he say grandfather and
did he
it yeah to me the most obvious
explanation yeah so people went to the
pathological liar explanation and they
went to you know uh 25th amendment like
he must be insane because he doesn't
know his own fathers a citizen of the
United States or was it citizen so
everybody went to the worst possible
explanation when there was the easiest
possible explanation which is oh he
meant his grandfather I mean I don't
think there's much chance that if you
were to talk to the president in person
and say oh you know you said your father
you meant your grandfather that Trump
would have said do you think Trump would
have said no no I meant my father my
father was born in Germany do you think
privately he would say that no I mean
I'm not a mind reader and I haven't
asked him but I think that's a very
small chance I think more likely he'd
say I said father oh I meant grandfather
no wonder they're confused the most
ordinary explanation
is that he meant his grandfather I mean
it felt obvious to me at the time and
yet it was this big National story and I
kept looking at the story saying and now
you're going to say he probably meant
his grandfather and then the story would
end and I'd say what the hell you don't
even mention that it was obviously his
grandfather he meant and that he just
misspoke uh now we can't read his mind
but that's the obvious explanation um is
there anything else going
on yes I will tell you that the uh the
when token the crypto uh token that
comes with my inter interface by whenhub
app my startups app called interface by
one Hub it has associated with it you
can use regular cash and credit cards of
course but you can also pay with these
tokens that are created for the app you
can buy them in exchanges such as hotbit
hotbit and La
token um and we're adding some more
exchanges the stock symbol is
Wen
when and the value has I think tripled
tripled in value in the last week now I
want to be very careful uh these crypto
tokens are never
Investments so whatever they're worth
and however much they go up in one day
they could be zero tomorrow so it's not
it's not I'm not giving you any
Financial adice PR I'm telling you that
if you wanted to own these they have
gone up from 1 Penny to 3 cents in a
week and there's a lot of we're getting
activity from
Asia and we're getting um more signups
all the time and if the underlying if
the underlying product does
well that almost guarantees that the
tokens will have value because you can
use the tokens for the
product so uh assume that this is not
investment quality idea but those people
who own tokens
would those tokens could go up in value
either for because other people buy them
and the demand goes up or because the
product that they're associated with uh
does well and that creates a demand for
them two ways so I just put that out
there you could go to uh when hub.com to
buy them from us or you could get them
even cheaper from an exch exchange but
if you buy them from an exchange you're
going to have to know how to use wallets
you're going to have to know how to get
ether because you can only buy them with
ether at the moment um as soon as we get
on a an exchange that handles US dollars
as well they'll be completely liquid all
right um somebody says why should I buy
it you should if you ask the question
why should I buy the when tokens you
should not buy it all right if if
there's even a little doubt or you don't
quite understand that
field then that's not for you so I can
say that with complete confidence but if
you're in the crypto field or you wanted
to tipto in and you didn't want to put a
lot of money in it but you just wanted
to you know take a flyer on it um you'd
have that option so you could just buy
it at wi
hub.com and see what happens all right
what is the maximum number of
tokens um we just did a burn um and so I
don't have the new number but the the
essence of your question is you're
trying to figure out what's the universe
of tokens it's a set number and we just
substantially uh reduced it because we
did what's called a burn where you
essentially destroy a number of tokens
that were originally created and you do
that to reduce the supply for the
benefit of everybody who owns them
because as the supply goes down in
theory the the value of each token could
go up but again don't get involved in
any kind of token buying whether it's
the when or any other token unless you
know that this is the riskiest thing you
could ever P your money in just know
that all
right that's all I got to say for now
and I'll talk to you later