bah bah bah bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum hey everybody I'm late this morning
but that's okay because most of you
slept in I know you're a partying bunch
of people so you were probably hitting
it hard last night
New Year's Eve yeah I stayed up until
exactly midnight and then I don't but I
like to sleep in today and if I make you
wait doesn't it make the simultaneous
sip all that much better you know it
does I hope you save some coffee for me
because it's time to raise your glass
your mug your chalice your stein your
container of liquids make sure it's
filled with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
it oh if you haven't seen the
president's New Year's Eve tweets you
really have to see him there's some good
tweeting going on my favorite one I
tweeted around today I don't want to
ruin the joke so just look at the tweet
of the president's tweets one of them
about Elizabeth Warren and one of them
in all caps walking with wishing us all
a Happy New Year they're both funny I
don't want to ruin them you have to just
see them yourself all right now I've
been having fun trying to understand the
climate change debate and I'm gonna help
you through it as well because one of
the things that I've complained about
since the start is that we unwashed
citizens who are not scientists can't
really understand what's going on it's
just complicated enough the debate over
climate change that is it's hard to get
it you're you know wrap your head around
what should I pay attention to
matters what doesn't matter etc so I
thought I'd help break it down for you
and consider this a process it's a
process where we're going from not quite
understanding what the heck's going on
to one until we're giving a little bit
of clarity I won't be able to get you to
a conclusion today but I'm gonna take
you to a clearer place if that makes
sense so I'm gonna get you you know
moving move you up the chain a little
bit and to do that I'll be using my new
double whiteboard system oh I'll wait
for the big reveal
it'll look like a regular whiteboard at
first but just wait that's not all it
gets better so here you can see I've
labeled this the climate non debate
because it turns out people don't really
debate climate they just yell at each
other so there's not much of an actual
debate let's see if I can get the glare
off of this but will will talk about it
anyway all right so I've got what the
skeptics say and then I've got what the
experts say to the skeptics because
that's the part that's been missing
right normally when you look at this
topic you'll see just the experts
talking or you'll see just the skeptics
talking but you don't see them talking
with each other which would be useful so
I'm gonna try to take the arguments and
try to put them up next to each other so
you can see and here's my own judgement
about how much credibility you should
put in each of these arguments the
subject to change
everything is preliminary here so
there's the argument from the skeptics
that that co2 is not the big driver of
change that we're seeing right now so
because temperatures are apparently
going up and some say it's volcanoes or
the Sun or I think there are a few other
theories about other things I would say
that those have been debunked because
it's easy enough to attract those other
things the volcanoes and the sunspots on
the Sun
for example and put them on a graph and
you can see that they don't match the
direction of the temperature according
to NASA now I'm going to say that this
is probably solid meaning that they're
enough people have looked at the other
the other possibilities that if they if
there was if those effects match the
trend line of temperature we'd know
about it alright so when I look at just
the skeptics they will produce a chart
and they'll say hey look at my chart
it's right here
you can see it's related to sunspots but
if that were true I think the experts
would have noticed I mean even if you
assume that there you know influenced by
money and everything else if it really
was this simple Hey look at this Sun
chart it matches perfectly I think they
would have noticed so I'm going to say
that the experts have the credibility
advantage for these simple alternatives
because they can just put them on a
chart and they say it doesn't fit it
doesn't fit as well as co2 does
according to them and one of the reasons
it wouldn't fit is because the rate of
change these these other theories don't
I don't think that they explain how
quickly it's going up and if you don't
explain the how quickly part the rate of
change you haven't explained anything
because it's the rate of change that's
important then there's the Toni Heller
argument that the data historical data
has been fudged his argument goes that
we can tell what the data used to be
because they were published reports
multiple published reports in which
people were referring to the data as
different than it is now and it is a
fact the data has been adjusted
historically but apparently there are
reasons for it so and that it's normal
to make corrections I would put the
credibility on this part of the argument
add so far as zero so I would say the
experts have zero credibility and Tony
Heller so far
again we're in the middle of the game
we're not at the end in the game if
we're gonna score it right now Tony
Heller has the clear advantage because
he showed his work he showed you here's
the article that says NASA says it's
cooling or warming or whatever they're
saying and then here's what they say now
and it doesn't match what they used to
say and we know that data does get
adjusted now one of the claims is that
the data is only ever adjusted in one
direction we don't have an answer for
that is that a coincidence that data is
only adjusted in one direction to make
it look like there's more warming that's
suspicious so I'd give him the
credibility on that because there's no
there's no good explanation for that I
believe there's also an argument that
some of the measuring stations you know
some of them have gone out of production
in the time that we've been measuring
and I believe part of the argument is
that all of the ones that have been
operating continuously don't show the
warming it's only when you throw in new
ones and make adjustments that you can
even see the warming now I'm not going
to say that's true or false I'm just
going to say that the skeptic argument
is strong because they show their work
and the and the the response to the
skeptical argument is non-existent or at
least I can't find it right now there's
the argument that the models are bunk
and the experts would say that is not
true some of those models hindcast well
meaning that they would explain in the
past and some of them but not all of
them do a pretty good job of getting
pretty close to the rate of increase in
temperature not exact but in a
directional sense they're close enough
that we should be worried is that
credible well here's here's the first
problem if you have lots of models lots
of different models and and I think
everybody would agree there have been
hundreds of them
some of them are going to be closer than
others but it doesn't mean that they
have a model that predicts things it
just means they have a lot of models see
if you have a lot of models and some of
them are somewhat close to the actual
reality that doesn't mean your models
can predict it doesn't mean anything
it only means you have a lot of models
and you discarded the ones that didn't
work so I would say that they critics
have the stronger argument on the models
and now wait for it wait for it I
promised you the double whiteboard
experience oh yeah look at that double
white morning all right yes I have
upgraded my whiteboard so that there's a
whiteboard on the back of a whiteboard
that's right
it's a whiteboard but when you turn it
around its another whiteboard oh yeah
20:19 coming at you hard all right so
here's continuing the debate the
skeptics would say the economic
forecasts are not reliable and they
would say because economic forecasts
over 80 years are never reliable it's
not even a thing there's no such thing
as an 80 year old 80 year financial
forecast that's useful that's not a
thing what do the experts say when
people like me who have degrees in
economics and experience making
financial forecasts what do the experts
say what do we say there's no such thing
as an economic model that's useful over
80 years they say what that's their
right have you seen anybody argue this
point have you seen anybody any experts
say oh here's a good reason why in this
case only and not in any other case that
has ever been known in the history of
the world but in just this case with
climate with all the variables this is
the one time in all of human history
with a financial model an economic model
is reliable do they say that no they
don't they hope you don't notice the
people who understand modeling say this
isn't even a thing it's ridiculous
it's just persuasion now let me pause to
say I've been talking to you about
persuasion for a few years now mostly
about politics I'm in favor of
persuasion even when they use hyperbole
even when the facts are not accurate as
long as the direction that you're
persuading people is positive that it's
for the greater good
and I see a lots of examples of that
with say president Trump climate change
I'm gonna give them the same benefit of
a doubt which is this if they're
persuading us in the correct direction
let's say to save the world to improve
improve our economy to make things
better for the poor if that's what's
happening then you know being a little
loose with the facts it's okay as long
as they're right but what if they're not
right if they're being loose with the
their thinking and loose with the facts
and they're not right that could be a
problem but are they right hard to know
the other the other point is that the I
guess was the IPE see see the economic
forecast was that over 80 years climate
change might take off 10% from our GDP
and that was reported by people who
don't do economics as catastrophe you
know just it's a dire problem because
we'll lose 10% of what we could have had
over 80 years to which everybody who can
do math says 10 percent over 80 years we
wouldn't even notice literally we
wouldn't notice it's being called the
biggest problem on earth and yet their
own numbers
say it's no big deal now how do they
explain that there are own numbers say
it's not that much of a big deal and let
me put it in this context if I told you
right now that the current GDP is 10%
lower than it could have been if we'd
made different decisions 80 years ago
would you say to yourself my god it's a
catastrophe or would you say to me huh I
don't even notice yeah I wish things
were better but I don't I don't even
register it as a problem I didn't know
it could have been 10% better so what do
the experts say when you point out that
their own numbers say it's not that big
a deal I think their response is
something like hmm right
yeah so I mean I'm in favor of being
directionally accurate as opposed to as
opposed to you know precisely accurate
as long as you're in the right direction
but we don't know that or at least we
unwashed masses don't know that so
here's here's an offer I'd like to make
I don't think there's any chance that
this can happen but I would love to host
a public debate with a good
representative of both sides but it
wouldn't be a debate in the normal sense
because I don't think that's useful
rather it would be a conversation in
which I would grill both of them and I
would control the conversation so it
wouldn't be them talking about anything
they want to talk about it would be me
directing the conversation directed
specifically at the the skeptical
arguments so that we could have an
answer now I've heard state your terms
so I will do this for free so it won't
cost me anything I would need a studio
if somebody like Dave Rubin he'd be a
perfect
wants to host something like that maybe
we could work that out but we would need
some pretty serious experts on both
sides and if we could bring them
together I will and I probably I think I
would also preview it with both of the
experts ahead of time so in other words
I'd have them exchange enough
information through me that they both
knew what the other was going to say so
I wouldn't want either expert to show up
and deal with any questioned that they
had not been prepared for so in other
words the only questions that would be
our base questions would be ones that
both experts saw before the event and
then they'd know they'd have there
they'd have their responses ready as
best they can but once they're in the
same room I might drill down a little
bit make sure that you know we're really
getting to it nobody is avoiding any
questions so that's my so that's my
offer to the world for free if I can
find a you know a venue and two experts
I will host a conversation not a debate
I I do have sympathy for the experts who
don't want to get on stage with somebody
who's in that case all right if
somebody's just in that case you don't
want to really get on the stage with
them and and and treat them like they're
serious but we don't have to worry about
that because we'll vet all of the
questions ahead of time and nobody has
to get on stage until they're happy that
these are useful questions dude on my
tennis court that would not be good for
a sound my tennis court is very echoey
and I don't know that we need an
audience although that would be fun it'd
be more fun to have an audience but not
necessary I don't think
all right so if climate change is the
biggest risk to humanity then I say
let's treat it like it is
let's try to convince all the sceptics
and by the way who would do a better job
of convincing skeptics to believe in the
risk of climate warming than me I'm
really kind of the perfect person if you
can convince me I can convince other
people but so far I'm I'm almost exactly
on the fence right now I'm exactly on
the fence between I don't know should I
be worried about this or it looks like a
bunch of BS to me I'm right there so I'm
sort of perfectly well nobody is
unbiased but I'm as close as you're
gonna get I think now there's other good
news that's related to this topic I
tweeted this yesterday apparently Bill
Gates has said that 2019 and beyond what
the world needs to be working on is
nuclear power and Bill Gates argues that
it's really our our only good solution
for everything from climate change to
you know powering the economies in the
future because there's no other
technology that will get close here's
what's special about that
i-i've said that's the most important
news in the world the most important
news in the world is that Bill Gates has
decided to push for more nuclear power
in the United States mostly in the
United States I think he's talking about
but I would assume it applies globally
as well and here's why Bill Gates is not
a Republican
so that's the first thing so somebody
who's not a Republican and not a
conservative and very clearly not
pushing for nuclear power okay so that's
that's already man bites dog so that
makes it a story and it also gets your
attention
number two Bill Gates is one of the
smartest people in the world period and
unlike other smart people everybody
agrees with that statement you could say
what you will about Bill Gates you can
say you know when it is younger days he
did anti-competitive things you can
criticize them all you want but here's
where you can't criticize him he's one
of the smartest people in the world
here's the other thing about Bill Gates
nobody bought him off nobody bought him
off how many people can you say that
about with complete complete confidence
there's no skeptic that you can really
trust isn't getting money from somebody
there's no scientist that you could
really trust isn't getting money from
some industry but Bill Gates doesn't
need any more money
in fact he's trying as hard as he can to
give it away when he says there's
something outside the box of where you
would expect him to go which is nuclear
power in this case when he says
something like that do you have any
doubt that that's a sincere opinion you
don't that's unique if he were a
politician you'd say yeah it's the
politician if you were in the industry
or in any way trying to make money you'd
say oh I don't know if I could trust
that he's just taking a side but he's
not he's bill freakin Gates he's richer
than God right he doesn't need your
money and he doesn't need anybody else's
money he has dedicated the whole second
half of his life to helping the world
and he's demonstrated that with the
Gates charities so there's no question
where his self-interest is
his self-interest is the interest of the
planet very clearly you wouldn't even
say it's just you know United States
centric because he's working you know
around the world to better the world
it's not even a us-centric opinion he is
the most independent opinion maybe in
the world and I say that because he's
also the richest the richest person can
have the most an independent opinion
that's one of the things you get with
money nobody's buying you and we know it
then you add that to how smart he is and
then you add that to the fact that he
doesn't talk about stuff until he's
really looked into it here's the other
question do you doubt the Bill Gates has
looked into the question of nuclear
power you don't doubt that you know he's
done a deep dive he's probably spent
years looking at it and he's finally
decided after all that study and with
all of his intelligence and all of his
lack of bias that that's the place we
ought to put our attention it's a big
deal it's a big big big deal because if
you can change the energy footprint of
the planet you've changed everything
you've goosed economies you've saved the
planet you've you've really you know
you've just changed everything so when I
say that's the biggest news in the world
it really is because the fact that he's
committed to it in public and he is Bill
Gates love him or hate him he is he is
the smartest guy that we know who's not
influenced by politics smartest person
in the world who's not influenced by
politics so you take that seriously all
right
yeah the deserts would become habitable
if energy costs were low so just think
about this imagine imagine if you could
desalinate water as much as you want for
almost free which is what fusion power
would get you or even nuclear power
would get you closer because it would be
cheaper energy so the only problem with
desalinization is that costs a lot in
terms of power if you take that power
number down you have all the water you
need for anything you want and suddenly
you can start reforesting deserts and
what happens when you can reforest a
desert economically you can actually
decrease hurricanes
so apparently hurricanes form at least
the Hurricanes they hit let's say
florida they form around the deserts in
northern Africa because it's hot at a
certain time of year and that's what
causes the high temperatures that kick
starts the Hurricanes you could actually
reduce the power of hurricanes if
nuclear power became more practical
think about that nuclear power would
reduce hurricanes and we already know
how to do it suppose you had a problem
with building machines to draw co2 out
of the air should we ever decide to do
that there's a there's a decent argument
that says we could have a lot more co2
and everything wouldn't be fine
but suppose you got the point where you
did decide to do it what you need is a
lot of energy so you need nuclear power
so nuclear it gets you almost everything
you need that takes this world to the
next level and I think that's a powerful
and important thing all right yes we all
know plants and trees need co2 and
greenhouses use it too to fertilize them
essentially do you want a reactor in
your backyard no I do not but do we have
to put nuclear reactors next to people
is there a compelling reason
that nuclear reactors have to be in
inconvenient places such as earthquake
fault lines and such probably not right
there's got to be there's got to be some
way to put them where they're not in
populated areas and still get the power
to populated areas so there's I think
there's much to be done on power
transmission somebody says do I believe
in ghosts
no simple answer no somebody's talking
about the reactor in their pants okay
well I'm not sure you're on the same
topic but good for you yes so there's
lots of technology that we don't all
quite understand from thorium reactors
to whatever so it does seem to me like
we have a way forward if we can get
through the red tape now what what
president would be the best president to
work with Bill Gates on removing
regulations and restrictions and getting
nuclear power going in this in a seifish
way who would be the best president in
the world to work with Bill Gates on
that very thing president Trump here's
here's the argument that I've been
making about President Trump from the
start he's not president Trump is not an
inexpensive president meaning that he
comes with some rough edges we all know
what they are they're they're well
reported you know as the the things that
give people Trump derangement syndrome
or well documents so that part's
definitely a cost but don't we see that
he seems to do things that another
personality could not have done for
example the progress in North Korea and
and again kim kim jungeun just
pronounced for New Year's
he is reaffirmed in public his desire to
be completely nuclear free he just wants
to make sure the
States does its part as well I'm not
sure another personality could have got
us that I'm not sure another personality
would have cut regulations as much I'm
not sure another personality could get
us to a good place in the Middle East
there's something unique about this
president that although it comes with
some cost he does things that I think
another president just could not get
done and we may be glad about that
in the future one of those things might
be that he could work with Bill Gates in
a way that another president just
couldn't couldn't make something
happened so I think that's another one
of his superpowers is who he can work
with and how bold he can be in doing
things you didn't think he was going to
do like moving the capital to Jerusalem
removing the embassy to Jerusalem so
there's just some things this president
does that other people just wouldn't do
and sometimes we need those things to
get done but it's not free you know
let's talk about the stock market for a
moment the news is reporting that's a
big ol black eye for the president
because the stock market went down what
six percent this year but I would argue
that all of that is from the Fed and the
reason that the Fed raised rates to slow
down the economy is because it was too
hot if you had a problem like if you
could if somebody said here's a
portfolio of problems I want you to pick
one of these problems there you have to
live with you know but you have to pick
one you can't pick no problems you have
to pick a problem from this basket the
problem so you reach him and you pick
one that says the stock market's down 6%
because the Fed tried to slow it down
because the economy is so good
the economy is so good the Fed had to
slow it down that's your problem is that
a problem probably not because it argues
that in the long run the stock market
will be fine
you shouldn't be in the stock market
unless you're in there for the long run
so the fact that it goes down 6% a year
after being on a tear is actually good
news because it's only being slowed down
artificially because it was too hot
that's the best news in the world all
right
somebody says that's a correction well
you can label it any way you want but
the fact is it is not a negative sign
and it's only bad if you wanted to sell
all of your stocks this year which would
have been a bad strategy no matter what
I how many hot dogs could I eat in a row
still zero vegetarian I'm a pescetarian
actually all right I think I've said
enough for today get back to your
holiday and I will talk to you later