[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's only been
12 hours since you saw me last 11:00 if
you really think about it and I think
it's time for more of this there's a
reason you come here it's because it's
so darn good get your day kicked off in
just the right way and might I add not
many commercials
have you tried watching anything that
has commercials lately we'll talk about
that in a minute but first first let's
do the important stuff first and in
order to be prepared for the important
stuff all you need is a cup of mugged or
a glass a tanker chalices tie the
canteen drugged a flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine
heaven in the day the thing that makes
everything better including your
pandemics it's called the simultaneous
it happens now go hmm just as good as I
thought it would be never disappointed
speaking of attention spans have you
tried to watch anything in the form of
entertainment lately it's really hard
for example I've had this experience
recently and maybe you've had it too all
hear of a movie and I'll say I got some
free time because this quarantine
situation I'm gonna watch me a movie and
then this this happens all right where
will i watch the movie will it be on a
device if it is I've got to find a
device I might have to plug it in and
I've got to find which device already
has the app on it that I want to stream
the service some of my devices have
different apps so I sort that out and
then it needs to be charged so I'm going
to find my
charger I find my charger and then I
need my headphones but my headphones
aren't charged so I've gotta charge my
headphones so I'm 20 minutes into it and
all I've done is figure out which device
I'm gonna watch let's say I've decided
don't watch it on the television so I go
on the television and I say um which
streaming service is that because I got
the Xfinity but I got less
Netflix it might be on Amazon is it on
Hulu and then I started looking for it
then I can't find it and then it's like
oh it's on it's on the other service so
I go to the other service and for some
reason the password doesn't work now I
have to recover a password but I'm
watching television so I have to go get
a device to recover the password and
then I start you know looking for things
and it takes forever and then I start it
I tried to watch this
Tiger King thing so you know I go
through the process and it's 30 minutes
in and I haven't watched anything yet 30
minutes of work and I have no
entertainment all I've done is prepare
myself to maybe get entertained
30 minutes later and do you know what
happens after 30 minutes of anything
doesn't matter what I'm doing getting
ready to watch a movie no matter what it
is do you know what happens after 30
minutes I bail out cuz 30 minutes is way
too long to spend on anything you know
our attention spans have have shrunk so
much that I can't spend half an hour
just deciding what movie to watch it's
way too hard so I find that I watch very
little because the set-up time takes too
long have you tried to watch a say an
HBO show lately that if you try to watch
it in real time and it's not recorded
and you turn it on and that that long
HBO introduction comes on it's like
there's an orchestra music and there's
you know there's a
visuals and graphics and everything and
you just sit there thinking I really
just wanted to watch the content okay
I'm not really getting anything out of
the twenty minutes I have to watch the
opening credits and music I'm very
impressed with it all you did a good job
I'll watch it once I'll watch it once
but if it's a series I can't watch that
twice so my observation is that things
like books and movies could be largely
obsolete within just a few years not
because they changed well they did
they're harder now because they're more
levels and options and things just to do
a simple thing but I think our attention
spans were way too short now I also
tried to watch I tried to do something
last night that I advised you not to do
and I reminded myself why you should not
do it so it's I don't 9:00 o'clock at
night last night at a long day I started
to work it out of two or three in the
morning which is not unusual when I when
I control my own hours and so by nine
o'clock at nighttime I'm ready to go
down but I'm thinking yeah I think I'll
try to watch something so I call up you
know it doesn't matter what show I try
to watch you know movie a little bit
before I drift off to sleep now I tell
you'd never do that because you don't
want to associate your you're sleeping
routine and being in bed with anything
entertaining unless it's you know with
your partner because you don't want the
bed to be associated with excitement and
entertainment you want to be associated
with sleep as much as possible so I
violated my own rule to try to watch a
movie and I think I got 60 seconds into
it and I could tell my entire body was
on fire
like with stress because the whole point
of a movie unless it's a comedy
and even comedies have this problem at
least by the third act the point of a
movie is watching somebody who's got a
big problem and then they try to solve
it but until they solve it they're in
danger
things are happening to them they're
getting it killed they're losing the
money they lose their love life and and
I'm thinking why in the world that might
subject myself to this I get that
there's a payoff later and I'll feel
good when they when the hero you know
survives but I've got to watch what 2
full hours of bad news to get to that
little good feeling that isn't gonna
last that long anyway there's no way
that payoff makes sense there's just no
way so I bailed out and watched 10
minutes of a movie and I wish I'd watch
the row of it so take my advice don't
follow my don't follow what I do all
right here's the thought experiment for
you now don't don't read too much into
the thought experiment because I'll
acknowledge in advance there's not a
real-world thing you couldn't actually
do it and it doesn't apply directly to
the point I'm gonna make but it's still
educational you know it'll help you
understand your world a little bit
better it's not the answer but it'll
give you a little context and it goes
like this imagine that instead of the
coronavirus let's say there had been no
coronavirus and instead the government
of this country and other countries too
has simply stated a year ago that there
will be a two-month forced to vacation
for everybody except essential services
they said it's going to be it's going to
be March and April it'll be 2 months
everybody has to stay home but can't
even go on vacation what would happen to
the economy once we got back would it be
a depression if it were planned it was
all planned would you come back to a
depression because you had a two-month
pause you see your intuition is kicking
in right now and you're saying to
yourself I don't think it would be
because everybody would just go back to
work and the worst-case scenario is that
you as long as everybody ate you know if
they had enough to eat for two months
the worst case scenario is that people
just go back to work they got a little
depth that they wish they didn't have
maybe some of it's free
however you work that out but we kind of
fairly quickly get back to work maybe a
year later you'd probably be back to
steam you know one year I think now
that's not exactly like this situation
right because in this situation there
are entire industries that are just
going to be decimated and so that's
different
so servers for example don't get to just
go back to work they might not have a
job I don't get to go back to work to
what my old career was because that all
thinks I think 75% of newspapers will be
out of business in a few months so so my
career will change too so my my thought
experiment is not like the coronavirus
thing because we didn't prepare for it
in that same way and we can't just walk
right back into our old jobs but here's
the thing a lot of us can well a lot of
people can they could just walk back
into their job like they took a
two-month vacation so my prediction is
that we'll get back to good business
faster than a lot of experts are going
to predict and I always make my
predictions based on the thing that you
don't see coming in other words I'm not
straight lining it if I were to straight
line my prediction and say based on what
we know now and if we didn't learn
anything new it would look pretty bad
that's true but all of these predictions
have the same problem which is there are
all kinds of things you didn't see what
happened surprisingly happened a lot of
has to do with innovation and people
inventing ways to solve things for
example I just said that restaurants
couldn't possibly open up is that true
I mean is it is it true that there's no
way a restaurant can open up let's say
in a month or so when when other people
can go back to work because it would be
people in a tight space I don't know I
think that's exactly the sort of thing
that could end up changing so I said
before this since the warm weather is
coming anyway
could the local town say okay okay it's
emergency so we're going to loosen up on
some of our restaurant restrictions and
you can put your tables outdoors you can
put your tables at a parking lot you can
take your dog to eat as long as it's
outdoors will even put tables right now
into the street and maybe close off some
blocks so the restaurants can do that
you know and you know just park
somewhere else so if you don't assume
that people will figure out how to
adjust then yeah it's a depression yeah
if nobody could figure out how to adjust
were in trouble
but that's not the world you live in and
the real world people will make massive
flexible adjustments they'll be trying
everything and people will be watching
what other people try they'll say oh
that looks like a good idea
so it's thoroughly unpredictable but I
always err on the side of saying I think
it'll be better than the worst-case like
a lot better than the worst-case and I'm
still gonna stick with that doesn't mean
you'll be good but much much better than
the worst case I have an ongoing sort of
Twitter conversation with Adam Townsend
who's now I think my favorite person to
disagree with it's it's annoying to
disagree with people who are down but
know we have good reasons but I find it
kind of exciting
to disagree with people who I think
really know what they're talking about
and are smart because it means I might
learn something because whatever I'm
thinking somebody's smart and
well-informed is thinking something
different I better find out what that is
right so with with all due respect to
Adam Townsend we have a difference of
opinion and it goes like this
and I hate trying to characterize
somebody else's opinion because you
never get it exactly the way they would
say it so I'm gonna say so so I'm gonna
say I think this is close but if it's
wrong I apologize and the idea is that
closing down the economy was at least
potentially unwise and Adam offered this
clarification when I questioned it on
Twitter today and this is what he said
he said I never argued against pandemic
prophylactic response so he never you
never argued that we shouldn't close
things down and then he goes on he said
I argued lack of economic models
commensurate with trillions of dollars
have shut down and that we've seen
imperfect data extrapolated to where a
show disaster by failing to count all of
this and exaggerating all that so that
if I can summarize that he's saying that
the data that we're using to make these
decisions is terribly flawed I think we
all agree with that right the data is
terribly flawed and then he points out
that there's no economic model this sort
of captures all the badness and goodness
of closing down the economy what we have
instead is just a sort of a scientific
health model so we have plenty of models
to show how many people die you know
whether without social distancing etc
but Adam correctly points out that we
don't have any kind of an economic model
that tells you what happens if you close
stuff down now here's where Adam and I
disagree and I don't think we're gonna
be able to close the distance on this
disagreement and it goes like this
there's no way to make an economic model
that would capture this can't be done
now you could build one and you could
tell the public you don't want and you
could get people to believe it but it
wouldn't be real the complexity of this
is way beyond way beyond what anybody
could reasonably model it's way beyond
it's not even close to something that
you know the smartest person in the
world with all of these with all the
best resources could even get close to
it would just be it would just be a
guess on a spreadsheet basically it
would be a just a guess so the thing
that Adam wants I want to
I would love a credible economic model
so we could say well if you go this way
you get this if you go this way you get
that but it's not possible it's it's
well beyond it's not even close to
possible it's it's in a different zip
code with possible if it were just hard
I'd say well it's a crisis I don't care
how hard it is put a team together get
the best people in the world give them
everything they need I don't care how
hard it is make it work
but it's not hard it's actually just not
possible
now I come at this from years of
experience doing financial modeling so
it's what I did in my day job I've
gotten you know you hear it too much
I've got a degree in economics of an MBA
so I know a little bit of what I'm
talking about I did it professionally
you know in a smaller scale in my case I
was projecting what would happen to a
company under different economic
scenarios so this would be much harder
because the economy has got far more
variables and just that that's the big
problem way too many variables so here's
where Adam and I disagree I don't think
that there was an option of having good
data and I don't think there was an
option or even good enough because I'm
totally in favor of using you know
directionally accurate data so if if all
of your guesses still point in the same
direction it's still useful that you
study that if if you study it and you
know sometimes it points in different
directions you've got another problem so
here's what I think I think the whole
question of you know closing the economy
down and how long you keep how long you
close it and how you open it up and the
trade-off with the the deaths and the
politics of it I don't think you can be
modelled not even close and it's one of
those cases where real leadership
matters that is somebody's going to have
to peer into this fog of uncertainty and
here's what you don't get to say hey I
wish there were no fog
well you can wish it we all wish that
but it's not real and if you wait
there's not going to be less fog I mean
maybe in trivial ways but you're still
not going to know so that the real
leadership question is how do you make
one of the most important decisions in
the history of humankind and I think
this is one of those you know whatever
decision Trump comes up with ultimately
about going back to work will be one of
the biggest decisions in all of humanity
it's true you know for a single decision
there are lots of things more important
maybe but there was lots of people
making lots of decisions I don't know if
we've ever seen one person make a
decision with this weight obviously
experts will will help so in a situation
where you can't have a model that tells
you what to do there's extreme
uncertainty it's life and death it's I
mean it's the biggest stakes you could
possibly have what do you do so how do
you make a decision well I'll give you
some hints the first thing you do is
look for ways you could test it small
ever hear me say that before so for
example in this case instead of saying
let's send everybody back to work under
these criteria you could say how about
this week we send everybody in toledo
back to work
and we'll ask you not to do any
traveling because we just want to see
what toledo looks like let's just run
that for a week just see what it looks
like maybe we might have to run it for
two weeks for infected people to start
showing up but if you can test it and
I'm not sure it's practical but it feels
like it might be a little bit if you
could test this somewhere go ahead and
test it then you don't have to wonder
which way to go so just just test it the
other thing is you can decide who takes
the hint for example we could say we're
gonna close the economy and if you can't
eat well that's on you then that would
put the heat all on people who didn't
have money
and that would be his own set of
problems politically morally and
everything else so you can make
decisions based on who gets hurt the
most even if you don't know how it all
plays out so for example the government
test seems to have made the decision
that it will put pressure on the wrench
basically because it's the rich who
ultimately will pay any debt that we run
up it's the rich were being asked to
retain employees it's the the rich who
are gonna lose you know half of their
net worth they're still gonna be rich so
you don't feel bad about it but it looks
like the government is putting the so
much as they can
shifting it toward the rich shifting it
toward banks now that would be a good
decision even if you don't know how
everything plays out
it still makes more sense to put your
risk in the banks now you say to
yourself oh my god you don't want to put
risk in the banks because if the banks
fail it's all done but I would suggest
flip that around because if the banks
fail it's the end of everything I mean
really it would be that's why they won't
fail because the government will put a
hundred percent effort into making sure
the banks don't fail we've already seen
them do that because that's so important
so if you sort of move your let's say
the risk over to the banks
you've also moved it to the place where
there will be most attention to solving
it whereas if you said now let the poor
people working out they'll find food
somehow a lot of poor people are not
going to work it out and they're going
to suffer so the closest you can get is
some informed guesses some feelings
about you have to make some assumptions
without data about let's say the
attitude and morale of the country
because you can't make a smart decision
that the public hates so much that it
blows the politics of work right
wouldn't it wouldn't help to do the
right thing if the public was sure it
was the wrong thing so you've got you
know you've got the persuasion the
politics the the guessing about what the
the economics would be shifting the
weight on to who can handle the pressure
the most and then you just got a guess
now you also have to guess in the way
ideally that you could easily reverse so
you know if you make a decision that you
can pull back as soon as you find out
it's a mistake well that helps a little
bit so here's what I think
since the medical experts are saying
that an extra month or whatever it's
going to Antony would make a really big
difference but if I were modeling the
economy I'd say to myself I'm not sure
one month would make that much
difference compared to the month we
already left I don't know if it's the
extra month you know if you said it's an
extra six months I'd say oh that's too
long but an extra month I don't know I
don't know if that'll actually make a
difference so my intuition would be to
keep things locked down at least for a
few weeks and then start phasing people
in in a way that ideally if you have
enough test kits you can measure whether
you're doing it correctly and adjust but
I would certainly be sending some
low-risk people back to work pretty
quickly or at least I have a plan for
doing it I think I don't know his first
as a nick nolte at rights for Breitbart
tweeted why doesn't Trump hold a digital
presser where he answers questions from
people outside the media groupthink and
then he names me so as a person who
might ask a question of the president
who's not in the the press room and I
thought that's a really good idea
because the questions that the press are
asking are just bad questions or they Oh
John Milty John Nolte who writes for
Breitbart not Nick Nolte it was the
actor thank you for that correction I
looked at his profile but he doesn't
list his first name on his profile so I
was guessing I think that's a really
good idea
because the press are trying to ask
gotcha questions and the public wouldn't
even think in those terms you know if I
if I thought of a question to ask the
president it wouldn't even occur to me
to ask it as a gotcha question I don't
care about that as much I just want to
know the answer so that's a good
question
I'd like to see that implemented at
least a little bit let's see what else
we got going on here checking my notes
did you see the pet tweet by Eric
Erickson
so Eric Erickson a well-known
conservative type he tweeted a picture
in which he was talking in a
complimentary way about two brothers who
went to school with his kids and the two
brothers in the neighborhood are making
and selling something for $20 apiece and
then they're taking that money and
they're buying snacks for area hospital
break rooms I thought wow that's great
that's tremendous his kids got a little
business they're selling some kind of
item and then and then they're taking
their money to the hospitals that's all
great until you see the picture of the
item in which Eric says that he added
lights to it so the item was a across a
wooden cross and I guess the kids were
making wooden crosses and selling them
to people that they could put it in the
yard and then Eric apparently according
to his tweet he decided that you know
maybe you could see them better at night
so he added white lights in a fairly
dense pattern and then took a picture of
it at night to show how good it looked
with the white lights and the dense
pattern around the cross that's in his
neighbor's lawn you probably see where
I'm going with this don't you because it
looks like a digital version of the KKK
burning across
the neighbor's lawn now I only know of
this story because Eric Erickson was
trending and I click on all the famous
people were trending to see if they got
coronavirus I mean I hate that I do that
but I do and he doesn't have coronavirus
as far as we know but he's the only
person who didn't recognize that adding
a burning cross to the neighbor's lawn
might not come across as the charitable
act that he had hoped now of course
they're not burning there they're lit
with these white lights but when you
take a picture of something that's
tightly lit at night you know what it
look like
all right I'm starting to get the the
kind of critic that disappeared for a
while I'm starting to wonder if the
trolls came back I told you that for a
while my critics just disappeared there
were there were a few weeks where I
didn't get any of the like really
horrible trolls the ones that say things
that make your head explode because
they're so stupid they just all
disappeared for a few weeks but they
just started creeping back and I don't
know if it's because they're paid trolls
or or if they you know the crisis made
them go away and act good for a while I
don't know but they came back one of the
things that they seem to be pointing out
is that my opinion should be ignored
because I'm a cartoonist I did a long
tweets right in which I compared my
predictions on the coronavirus to the
experts you've already heard that so you
know that the experts were not bathing
themselves in glory but there were a
number of us who are not experts on
these topics who have been right
consistently from the beginning now and
I would like to add this to the
conversation so I will never tell you to
ignore the experts because that would be
dumb all right so I'm never gonna say
ignore experts in some kind of like
general statement not on any topic you
should never ignore the experts
which is different from saying the
experts are always right what I would
like to add to the conversation is this
fact there are also experts as spotting
 from other experts now that's
not a college degree and it's not a job
title you know there's nobody whose job
title is I spot from other
experts but nonetheless there are people
who have such a clear track record of
doing it in public that you would have
to say they're experts I mean at some
point you just say okay you just keep
doing this over and over again let's
call you an expert for example I like to
use Mike Serna my standard of
example of a lot of things partly
because most of you are aware of him
probably because he he stands apart from
the crowd in so many ways that he just
makes a good example for lots of stuff
but Mike Mike Tsarevich has a very long
track record that you could check for
yourself
and it's all public of recognizing
 really early I would say he's
an expert same with some other names
that I've you know I mentioned Univ all
Balaji speed of awesome Greg Gutfeld you
know Joel Pollak there are other people
that you can watch and you can see that
they also have a track record of being
able to spot expert I think I'm
one too and I would say that my skill
stack is what allows me to have that
visibility I've simply been around lots
of experts were right and wrong in lots
of different fields I'm a certain age so
I've seen enough event I've got a you
know I've got a background in persuasion
and economics so I can I could just look
through more windows and spot you'd be
yes a little bit yeah Jack pasaba I
should have mentioned him on my list of
people who see things early so I just
put that out into the world as there are
experts and they should be listened to
that doesn't mean they're right you
should always listen to the people who
are experts at
spotting from other experts if
you've listened to both the the spotters
and the experts well then maybe you have
enough to form your own opinion right or
wrong all right so the president I said
this last night but it's so much fun
that I have to say it again the
president loves provocation especially
in its the press I think we all know
that he likes provoking the enemy press
because it always works for him whenever
he promotes that provokes them it seems
to turn out good for him in the long run
and his latest thing is and I know he
knows he's doing it all right there's no
I can't read his mind but I think you'll
agree he knows he's doing this this
isn't this is not accidental he's over
selling a little bit at least in his
choice of words and you know the amount
he talks about it etc the potential for
the hydroxychloroquine now if you're new
to the topic it hasn't been verified by
you know good robust studies but there's
lots of anecdotal evidence that it's
safe enough and probably useful so we
don't know but maybe it's useful and the
president is sort of mentioning it now
he also says the same thing I did which
is there's not proven but he goes a
little bit further and saying that he's
optimistic about it he thinks it could
be a game-changer so even though he's
very careful to say it's not
scientifically proven the other words he
uses makes people believe that he
doesn't care about that it it makes it
makes people think he doesn't care if
it's scientifically proven or not that
scientifically illiterate guy he just
wants us to use this untested drug but
of course it's not about that he's not
giving you medical advice he's doing a
risk assessment
using information that the professionals
have provided so he looks at their input
they says well on a risk/reward basis we
don't know if it works or not but we do
know it's been used for a long time for
other stuff and we know that for
short-term usage even the experts say
that the you know the downside is
probably vanishingly small for
short-term usage so that's just a
risk/reward assessment is the president
the right qualifications to make a risk
management judgment which takes into
effect he ever takes into account the
different opinions of different experts
and I would say yeah yeah that's exactly
his skill
remember Trump was a real estate
developer how many of the individual
skills of all the people involved in
that did Trump to himself have was he a
trained architect no you know was he you
know was he the guy who knew how to put
up drywall well he might know how to put
up drywall but but the point is that the
the contractor and lots of
subcontractors a lot of skills there and
Trump was not the expert on all of their
expertise he was simply a guy who could
pick out who was lying and biessing so
you need know when he needs a new expert
or a second opinion and he was gonna
incorporating all this expert opinion
into one executive decision so all four
all the critics who are saying you don't
know what you're talking about because
you're a cartoonist they're the dumbest
people on the internet today because
first of all how did you not notice that
all the experts were wrong and the only
people who were right about you know
substantial parts of this coronavirus
stuff the only people were right were
the people who didn't have
qualifications but they were pretty good
at spotting BS from experts so
yeah so I guess my point is that there
is expertise in spotting BS Trump has it
I think Trump has it and let's hope he
makes the right decision all right
that's about all I have today any of you
have any questions wouldn't listen to
you not about you don't know what that
means yeah you know there are a lot of
people who have very limited skill
stacks who I think believe other people
do as well so if you only had one skill
you probably wouldn't know how useful it
is to have more than one because you can
only see the world through your your
little hole mail-in voting you know I
think the experts have to weigh in on
the mail-in voting because my
understanding is it's too easy for to do
you know ballot harvesting which is you
you agree to carry somebody's ballot and
hand it in for them and that sort of
gives you a little bit of control over
the votes so I would say that there's a
guarantee there's a guarantee that vote
harvesting and you know some shenanigans
will happen with mail-in votes but it's
an emergency
yeah is it is there no way that we can
you figure out how to do voting without
going in person let me ask you this and
I've said this before but can you can
you honestly tell me that you can't make
an app to vote by app now this isn't
going to help all the senior citizens
but can you really tell me that you
can't make a vote by app that that
guarantees that the right person voted
let me tell you how let's say I've got a
paper ballot that normally I would mail
in but I also have an app and the app
would let me mail it in with a guarantee
that there's no shenanigans and all the
app does is take a picture of the ballot
let's say you just you just
on the table you just take a picture of
it Boop then it prompts you to turn the
camera toward yourself and it says you
know say these words and you just read
the words and then you turn on the
camera and it's a and you say my name is
blah blah blah here's my social security
number and this is my vote it just gets
stored so if anybody ever questions
whether this vote is actually how you
voted they can they can audit it just
call up any vote look at the vote look
at the person contact them make sure
it's the same person and say was this
your vote so you could audit enough of
them to know that nobody was cheating so
here's here's what I'd say you want to
you want to pair the person's actual you
know biometric essence whether they do
it with a fingerprint or facial
recognition or whatever as their
identity and then then check with them
after the fact and make sure that what
they say they voted for is actually what
got recorded somebody says they don't
trust virtual why wouldn't you trust
them
who's guaranteeing it talk about voter
suppression now this would be an option
so the the app would only give you an
option you wouldn't have to vote that
way so you probably still would have to
have some mail-in options you probably
have to have some in person options
especially for the elderly but it would
be easy to imagine that a younger
relative could come over and say hey you
know hey mom you know instead of mailing
it in or going to to vote once you just
fill out your form and I'll take a
picture of it with the app and then I'll
point it at you and make sure that you
know you register that way so that's how
I do it Venezuela what's your take on
that mess
well the Venezuela mess I keep wondering
when things are going to break meaning
how much further can Venezuela go
without overthrowing their alleged
leader
so I think it's just a waiting game when
things get desperate enough it seems
like that'll happen wrong there's
somebody on here who obviously is new
we've decided that a good comment to
give to me would be just one word wrong
unbeknownst yep
that's an automatic block cool that I
can hack it and punish those how could
you hack that so this for those of you
who say it could be hacked
how could you hack that now you could
hack it you could hack it ahead of time
but the audit would catch it so the vote
would just be thrown out I don't think
you can hack it we'll see somebody says
that's a third party vote well it's not
a third party vote if you're if your
grandmother puts in their social
security number and your grandmother
says on camera you know hi I'm grandma
blah blah blah this is my vote it
doesn't matter if somebody else is
holding the phone and photographing them
putting the social security openly on an
app is it safe it's 2020 think about
that question is it safe to put your
social security number in an app let's
say a government approved app is there
no place you've ever typed your social
security number online there's nobody
ever called you from you've never had to
put that on a form it's the the most
common thing in the world is writing
your social security number down if
you're dealing with the government
especially and of course I could be
encrypted but due to Soviet Union held
out for years threatens with a gun yeah
you could threaten somebody to vote with
the gun I suppose but you could do that
with a bail-in vote too
relaxation tips that you use daily for
tonight yeah I could do that
I'll give you all of my relaxation tips
today random audit of millions no that's
not how random works random means you
only have to check some you don't have
to check them all and by the way you
could check them all with well you could
do some of the checking with facial
recognition so you could check all the
people who just lied about who they are
you could check that just run a program
against it so you know you just look at
the face and then compare it to the name
and then the facial recognition says
that's the wrong face for that name you
could pick those up right away it is not
safe to put your social summon Social
Security number in an app again it's
20/20 your social security number is all
over the place
and certainly the government has it so
if your app is encrypted and it's going
to the government yeah somebody could
get it but there are about a million
other ways they can get it as well
so you know it if you were to just vote
by mail do you put your social security
number on the mail can somebody answer
that question if you vote by mail do you
have to put your social security number
on your mail-in ballot I'm guessing yes
but suppose it's just a driver
driver's license well whatever it is
from the mail in you just do the same
thing from the app so if the if the
mail-in requires two IDs well then the
other one does too so it's just the same
though somebody had a great sleep last
night two out of three good illegals can
get Social Security numbers but the
illegals would get caught by the facial
recognition software
so the illegal who tried to vote with
the app would say hello my name is Scott
Adams and I'm voting and
then the facial recognition app would
run against it it would pick up his face
and it would say you were not Scott
Adams that's somebody else and that vote
would be questioned or thrown out I had
to submit my social security number for
my teaching certificate yeah it's
everywhere fingerprint to vote why not I
mean you can use your fingerprint on
your digital device so yeah that could
be that could be one form of
identification maybe you just add
another one somebody says it's not
unformed no they don't ask for okay so
here's a here's updated information the
mail inform they do not require a social
security number therefore I would also
not require it for for an app but it
would be the same risk as all I'm taking
whatever risk the mail-in has you just
take the same risk with the app it
shouldn't be that different how will I
spend it V V Corona stay is that Victory
Day
what's that
do you hear that
some kind of alarm going off in my house
don't know what it is though it's not my
father
hmm I'm gonna have to sign off because I
got a little emergency here I don't know
what that is but it doesn't sound good
I'm gonna take care of that that'll talk
to you tonight