hey everybody come on in here we're
going to do a little experiment today in
which I'm going to teach you 80% of what
you need to know to learn how to play
the drums and I'm going to do that in 20
minutes now that's my challenge I
haven't practiced this but I'm pretty
sure I can do it and part of it is a
test so I'll let you know when I'm
started the 20 minutes I'm just going to
wait for some people to come in and
we're looking for a a bigger point of
all this the bigger point is online
training can you make online training as
good as in-person training my argument
is that having the best online trainer
would be way better than the average
in-person
instructor now I think I'm going I can
play the part of a good online
instructor
but you can you can judge for me when uh
when we get going here so we'll start in
a minute I'll try to keep it to 20
minutes I might even finish sooner and
I'm going to give you all the basics
that you need to go from hey I'm
interested in playing the drums or maybe
my kid is to what do you need to know to
get started all right so I'm going to
start my
timer right now the lesson has now begun
so the first thing you need to know is
the parts of a drum if you don't learn
it all from me there's a company called
Sweetwater who has an online um lot of
online help and you can call them and
get a get a consultant to tell you
exactly what you need to buy so you
don't need to know much about drums in
order to buy a drum set because you
could go to sweetwaters website uh and
by the way I don't have any financial
interest in in any of the stuff
about drums and they'll tell you what to
buy so I got my drums to them I have an
electronic kit here you could have a
regular kit and uh the advantage of
course is that I can listen to the
electronic kit on headphones or I can
run it through a speaker as I have
now I've got it turned down so it
doesn't overwhelm the the uh
microphone now here are the parts of of
a drum there are three symbolik things
there's the high hat there's the ride
it's called ride and then crash if
you're a big Rockstar you might have a
few extra ones you might have some
cowbells you might have some extra stuff
but these are the three Basics uh the
high hat has two modes if you're
pressing down on the foot pedal it
changes uh it changes it to more of a
dull
sound but if you have the foot pedal
up it's more crashy all right now uh uh
the drums
themselves are mostly these four they
all have a name this one that's between
your legs is the snare and it does most
of the work you'll do more stuff on the
snare and the high hat than most other
things the other drum that you use the
most is your foot pedal which you can't
see right now but you can hear it so
that's my right foot on the foot pedal
my left foot is normally going to be on
uh the pedal for the um the high hat to
keep it closed because 80% of the time
you have it closed when you're hitting
it um this drum is very important to
understand because it's optional the
these these three are called the toms
Toom Tom one Tom two and then there's
the floor
tom tom 2 is optional and you'll see
kits that don't even have it and when
you look at music it's usually not even
mentioned but it's useful if you're
doing some kind of a fancy thing and you
just want to you know mix it up a little
bit but typically it's not even
mentioned in sheet music now let me
teach you sheet music turns out that you
only need to be good at about three of
these things if you can hit the high hat
at the same time with your left hand you
can hit the snare and you can get your
timing in coordination so that you can
get the foot pedal in there you've got
most of what you'll ever need turns out
that these three things this this the
snare and the foot are most of what
you're
[Music]
playing that beat that you just heard is
the most common beat for normal rock pop
music if you didn't learn any other kind
of timing except four four time and
and those three things you'd have most
of what you need to play the drums now
the other thing you need to know about
the drums is that there are two sorts of
things you could be drumming you could
be playing uh the
beat which is a consistent pattern like
this so it just
repeats and a lot of drumming is a
consistent pattern now they're different
but they're not that different so here's
one that's a little a little different
from that would be
[Music]
uh all right so they all have a little
variation but they're not that
different um the other thing that's not
the beat is called a Phill f i l l The
Fill is sort of a transition and it's
written in the music so after you've
been doing the beat a
while if the music itself transitions
into a different mode you might note the
transition by doing some kind of a
random looking
pattern that doesn't have to be a
specific way usually it's written in the
music a specific way but there's no real
white right way to do it so it might be
[Music]
something could be that it could be just
fast so that could be your fill it could
could be that but it could
be something like
that could be anything that's just not a
repeating um pattern so those are your
two things your Beats your fills these
are the parts these are all the
components and then let me teach you
sheet music now if you're familiar with
regular music you know that where the
note appears um on the you know in the
uh what do you call this uh the where
the note
appears uh tells you uh the to of the
note so in other words if you were
playing a horn these notes would tell
you how you know whether it's a high or
a low note but with drums the notations
are just telling you what thing to hit
so so that's all yes the staff thank you
so where the notes are on the staff with
drums tells you which thing to hit so
every note is a discret thing to hit so
all the all of the notes that tell you
to hit any of the symbols
are little x's and they they appear
above the staff so the the one directly
above the staff is this one the one next
up is this one and the one next up is
this one which is convenient because
that's how they are physically so when
you're looking at the notes the lowest
one is the lowest one here the next one
here the next one
there if it's if it's telling you to
keep the high hat open it will be
notated on there so you know to take
your foot off of it so it sounds
different when you hit it now here's a
typical practice set and I'll just show
you close enough that you can see
there's not a lot of complexity there
but wherever you see for
example something above something else
it means that they're played at the same
time so it doesn't matter how many there
are here there are three things right
above each other things are played at
the same time um so for example the
typical beat is I'm hitting the uh high
hat and some of the times I'm hitting
the uh the floor
tom so those are being hit at the same
time and then sometimes I'm hitting all
three sometimes I'm just hitting the
snare and the uh the high hat and those
are the basic
combinations now uh if you've never seen
anything involving music before um I'll
tell you that there are things that are
quart notes uh eighth notes and 16th
notes here's the idiots guide to what
that means within a measure which is
just an artificial uh length of music on
a page and the the measures are just
sort of you can so you can keep track of
stuff they don't tell you how to play
it's just an artificial break that says
I'm going to put this many notes in this
little measure and then I'm going to
start again so it's for uh organization
and so it's easier to read but it
doesn't change how it sounds the fact
that there's the end of a measure and
the beginning of a new one but if it's a
quarter note it is typically going to
sound something
like and three so the claps are the
quarter notes and they would be like
that one and a two
and a quarter if you saw an eighth note
it would be twice as fast so instead of
one and two and a three and
four you would have one two three four
so it would be twice as fast if it's a
16th note it's yet again twice as fast
as the eighth so
you right so if you heard me
playing those would be quarters if you
heard me
playing those would be eighths and then
on top of that there would be the tempo
and that's usually uh given to you in
the sheet music so for example here's
some sheet music I I downloaded from I
think online drum Source if you just
Google online drum Source you can
download drum sheet music and it has a
little guide in the top and it tells you
something called the uh the tempo here
it's
158 now typically um once you've played
enough you can recognize what that would
feel like so a tempo of a 100 would be
something like
a tempo of 158 would be about half again
faster so it be one and two
and so and then within that the eighth
notes would be twice as fast as the
quarters the 16th would be twice as fast
as e um and then it also gives you a
little guide right here so if you
forget which instrument goes with which
part of the notes or where they appear
on the staff it tells you right here and
then when you read the music you can say
oh wherever there's a note there it's
telling me the snare drum so if you
forget it comes it comes right with the
music all right we are exactly almost 10
minutes in and I have largely completed
the lesson and I'm just going to
reiterate so you catch it all all right
the the parts of the drum you don't need
to know them all if you're looking for a
drum you can go to an online Source such
as Sweetwater they're one of the biggest
and they will tell you what to buy
they'll tell you why they'll check with
your budget they'll figure out what your
objective is ETC this is a typical
layout this Tom is the one that's least
used and so you'll rarely even see it on
sheet music it you know I'm looking at a
lot of music and it doesn't even
appear um the rest is mostly practice
and mostly listening to somebody who's
better at it so that you know if
this whether whether it sounds like
actual music or not because you have to
sort of compare it to people who know
how to how to do it but this is the the
whole setup if you can get these parts
you're already
drumming all right um yeah so drum
notation is different in different
places I'm seeing in the comments that's
correct so you can find some drum
notation where they'll they'll say that
um the notation that is uh the high hat
is sometimes mixed with the ride symbol
but usually the sheet music will tell
you they're doing that so it'll it'll
say right on the sheet music what what
they mean when they have the notation
but the ones that don't change much are
the uh
snare this guy the uh the floor
tom and the the bass drum with the foot
those typically are always the same on
your sheet music all right if you're
looking for if you're trying to decide
what kind of system to get I've got a
mine is a Roland the electronic one um I
have one that I inherited a Yamaha over
there and then upstairs I have a a
regular kit that's called a pearl so
Pearl is the brand and that's a pretty
good kit if you're looking to get a
regular acoustic you know standard drum
set the thing that matters is the
quality of the drum head which you can
buy separately from the drums and the
wood that they use to make the drums so
walnut would give you a different down
than I think uh mahogany or Oak I can't
remember what the other Woods are but
those are the you know those are the
differences between the cheap sets and
more expensive is what kind of wood and
your your consultant can tell you about
that um now the other thing that is
useful is playing with a
um what do you call it it a uh metronome
so the electronic ones have one built
in so if I were trying to keep this time
I would try to play to it
slowly and I would work up from playing
it very slowly because I don't know how
to read music yet I I would have it on
its lowest slowest setting and and I
would say okay
[Music]
and then as I got uh good at it I would
move the metronome up a little and try
to match it again so I'd go a little bit
[Music]
faster like that um wipe out is actually
a very hard one to play somebody's
somebody's asking me to play Wipeout I
actually looked at that it's crazy hard
so it seems like it'd be easy but it
isn't uh all
right so
that is my entire lesson I want to put
this in
context um because as some of you might
know um I have a an app called um
interface by
whenhub let me open that
up and on it there are drum teachers so
if you want to try out a drum lesson
without a commitment you could use uh
the interface by when Hub app and you
could find an expert so all I would do
is type in let's see I'm going to say
find an expert and I'm just going to
type in
drums and uh I didn't know this would be
the case but there are lots of drum
instructors on there right now so
there's uh drums drums percussion
arranging drums drums drums so these
these people are all available right now
I'll click one see what kind of uh we've
got $6 per hour that's probably the
least we've got $50 per hour probably
worth it we've got let's
see
uh uh we've got a joke that one didn't
count and we've got uh $30 per hour so
you have lots of choices you can find
somebody you like and you pay through
the app so it just comes out of your
credit card so all you do isay for the
time that you're on uh if you I I'm
taking my lessons now online so every
two weeks I talk to an online instructor
I started doing this before the app was
up and running so we're just doing it by
FaceTime but because I'm not using my
app I have to separately send him
payment through another app so I use two
apps to do what what my app would do
with one uh but eventually he'll get on
there
um does anybody have any questions and
and let me ask you did you learn
this in under 20 minutes and do you feel
like you could go and and start start
into the process of learning
drums
uh all right I'm just just looking at
your oh holding the sticks yes so there
are two basic ways to hold sticks uh
sort of an old classic way is that this
one's sort of like this but you don't
need to do that and I don't know why
anybody would do that it feels like a
dumb way to do it modern drummers more
far more often they're just holding it
toward the end and they're holding it
where it will move easily and you test
to find if you have the right place
simply by seeing if you can do it for a
long time without getting tired so if
you're gripping it too hard or or you're
hitting in a bad way you just get tired
really quickly so you have to
practice until until it's kind of
[Music]
loose I don't know a lot
um all right just looking at your
comments
uh poroi or Pearl well Pearl is the name
of the drum set that I bought for my
acoustic drums all right I think I've
done as much as I need to for now you
can take lessons on the interface by
wind Hub app anytime you like
uh just find an instructor and try for
half an hour or an hour and there's no
commitment and um play in headset mode
somebody says well if I play in headset
mode um you're G to I'll just turn off
the power so you can hear it so actually
that's a good question um they're not
silent in the sense that somebody's not
going to hear it in the same room
because
listen that's
so you're always going to hear that if
you have the headphones on you don't
hear as much the actual noise of the of
the contact you hear just the Musical
part um so but it's much much quieter
for the neighbors and that's all I have
for now I'm going to end on that and oh
one more question where to strike on the
drum typically somewhere in the middle
you you want to shoot for the middle um
but we're we're giving you the 80 the
80% lesson so there there is some
complexity there but not much and I will
talk to you all later