[Music]
hey everybody come on in
here I don't know if there has been such
a fun
day
since oh November 9th
2016 it's just one of those days that's
so
delicious uh
that this is no joke I woke up at 3:30
this morning and I was so excited to
experience today that I couldn't get
back to sleep so I've been working since
about 4: this morning which isn't that
unusual for
me however I wanted to be here right on
time to enjoy the simultaneous sip so if
you're prepared you have your cup your
mug possibly your chalice your Stein
maybe a thermos a tankered perhaps and
you filled it with your favorite liquid
I like coffee you you are ready to enjoy
the simultaneous
zp
ah so we got lots to talk about I'd like
to start out with what I call the
slaughter
index the slaughter index I introduced
this on my another Periscope and if you
haven't already yet the idea is this
instead of a poll for how the 22
presidential election will go uh I use
the slaughter index and it will be a
moving scale and it will move depending
what kind of news is happening between
now and election day and the idea is
that it's a straight line prediction
that says if all the variables stay the
same here's what it will look like in
terms of President Trump slaughtering
whoever he's running
against as of today the slaughter index
is is pinned at
100% meaning if nothing changed and all
the things we know today just keep going
the the economy stays strong Isis stays
defeated North Korea doesn't test
another nuke if just everything just
went the same way it is
now 100% chance of Slaughter the
president would win in a major Landslide
now keep in
mind that
there's no way that the variables stay
the same so it really doesn't mean
anything in terms of an actual
prediction because it will be so much
that happens between now and 2020 but
it's kind of interesting every now and
then to pause and say what if everything
just stayed the same what would that
look like now I would think that the
president's best argument is to Simply
rank all the things that people care
about and say are they better or
worse the economy
better military
strength stronger let's use stronger as
our as our word the economy stronger
employment stronger military stronger
Homeland Security probably stronger um
National borders probably stronger not
nearly as much as his supporters want
but
stronger um see what else we have
healthc care do you imagine that more
people have health care or fewer well if
the economy is stronger I haven't really
seen reporting on this but my guess is
there are more people with Health Care
stronger somebody said debt um if he's
running if he's running for re-election
he probably doesn't want to mention the
debt but you're right the the debt is
worse how about relations with our
allies not bad how about trade
negotiations
stronger so there are a lot of things
that he can argue are stronger one of
the question marks I have is
environment now the critics of President
Trump say and quite reasonably they say
that the administration is getting rid
of some regulations that will hurt the
economy and when I read that stuff I say
to my or not the economy that the Trump
Administration is reducing some
environmental
regulations now when I see that it's
such that's off an alarm right the last
thing you want is more
pollution but I never see in those
stories the
Counterpoint I when I see a story like
that I see that the administration got
rid of a regulation that was intended to
protect the environment that sounds
pretty bad what the story never
includes is why they're getting rid of
the
regulation because probably it didn't
work or didn't make a difference or the
difference it made wasn't worth whatever
the cost was so I would say that's a
question mark I would like to see
accurate reporting that maybe measured
somehow the water quality and the air
quality and just see if it's better or
worse than it was you know four years
ago once we get to
2020 all right um the president is
having an amazing week which may not be
reported that way because people don't
report good news for this president but
uh here are the things I love if you
followed The Saga of the fine people
hoax in which I and Joe bollock and and
now a number of other people have tried
to correct the permanent record on the
fact that it was widely reported but it
wasn't true that the president once
called the racist uh who were literally
marching with tiki torches in
Charlottesville the they imagined he
called him they call that the president
called them fine people that didn't
happen he specifically excluded them
from the fine people comment without any
prompting he was very clear that he was
not talking about them but it was
reported the opposite that he was
talking about them and it became this
huge false memory that became the the
Lynch pin for you know I'm not going to
that's a wrong word it became the
foundation for all of the other false
beliefs about him and I'm going to talk
about those in a
minute um but in in the context of us
trying to straighten that out uh Trump
announces that we're going to recognize
the Golan Heights as part of Israel
which was disputed territory that Syria
had claimed but there is no real Syria
anymore so the United States Trump
apparently just said all right we're
just going to recognize that as Israeli
territory now in fact it was de facto
Israeli territory but people are going
to complain as they are and say you
can't give territory to people that they
won in a war like you just can't make
that precedent it's pretty good point
it's a pretty good point but it also
emphasizes that this President is pretty
pro-jewish
he's pretty pro-
Israel he's he moves the embassy
which nobody thought he would do and now
he just said all right Golan Heights
we're going to treat it like it belongs
to
Israel which nobody saw coming nobody
saw that coming so
the um so the the beauty of
it is that it works so far against the
idea that he
once um complimented the people who were
who were in in Charlesville with
anti-israeli slogans like
how do you keep how do you hold that in
your mind that fake news with the real
news that he moved the embassy to
Jerusalem and he just declared the Golan
Heights part of Israel those are
extraordinarily pro-israel moves now
some people said hey you know isn't that
bad for any kind of a comprehensive
peace deal over there because you're
taking sides with Israel in such a way
that you're no longer a credible broker
of Peace here's the genius of
trump moving the
embassy was
free meaning that he could just take it
off the table because if they did a
comprehensive peace plan and he had not
settled that issue it would still sort
of be in play so he just took that
variable and he just said okay that's no
longer on the table but take as long as
you want to come to the peace table
and then nobody comes to the peace table
time goes by and he says okay the Goan
Heights would have been a subject of a
comprehensive peace agreement but now
it's not takes it off the
table um the president had been giving
Aid to the Palestinians I don't know the
details of this so I might get a fact
wrong here but I believe he stopped it
because the Palestinians were rewarding
uh
terrorists and didn't make any
difference he took it off the table so
little by little the president is taking
variables out of the equation they're
just no longer subject to
debate and if you are if you are the
Palestinians and you're watching the Ark
of History you're seeing Israel get
bigger you're seeing Israel get stronger
you're seeing your your own side just
becoming discredited losing support in
the in the Arab
world and at this point should they wait
so I've talked to you about how our
psychology is far more influenced by the
direction of things than where things
are where things are can be bad but if
the direction is good people are happy
it's like okay we're moving in the right
direction so if you if you look at
Israel as a static situation it looks
impossible to ever get to a better place
if you look at it as a moving picture
you see Israel getting stronger and
stronger without much effort they're
just getting stronger and stronger
without much effort
meanwhile the Palestinians are losing
support every day they're losing money
they're losing negotiating chips they're
just going the wrong direction so Trump
I believe
understands the importance of
Direction and he's creating a situation
where if they don't come to the table
they just keep losing
forever if they do come to the table
which I think might be
unlikely they have a chance of at least
stopping the loss so basically instead
of the Palestinians now have something
to gain the situation has completely
changed to they better hurry up because
every day that goes by they have less
they they have less and that's where
they're going to freeze it if they ever
negotiate for something like
peace
so that part's interesting um the
president announced that he wasn't going
to add some extra sanctions to North
Korea I guess he did it by a tweet and
did not consult with people and said
because it's based on his his
relationship with Kim and that he
basically is being nice to Chairman Kim
now how do we interpret that the smart
way to interpret that is we don't really
know what's going on so that's the smart
interpretation because we don't know
what conversations are happening with
North Korea or South
Korea we don't know what's happening
with China we just don't know the
background of why he would do that but
if I had to
guess uh it seems that we have to give
North Korea something in order for them
to feel free to get back to the table
and to be talking about something so if
what the president gives them is a a a
non- tightening of
sanctions and if North Korea doesn't
test any more Rockets or nukes you're
kind of creating a situation where maybe
they can start talking again so my guess
is that since he can always just reapply
the the sanctions anytime he wants I
mean basically the entire expense was a
tweet so what the what the president
gave up was 30 seconds doing
this tweet that's what the United States
gave
up right because it's not like it's in
our benefit to have sanctions under
North Korea we just want them to
cooperate that's we don't want sanctions
we want cooperation so for the price of
a
tweet he can at least test if he gets
any
cooperation if he doesn't get
cooperation what did he risk he spent 30
seconds with his thumbs that's it that
was the whole the entire the entire
investment was 30 seconds of thumb work
and it might have it might have solved a
nuclear North Korea now not by itself
but the point is that it was a good it
was a good probably a good risk reward
thing to try because he can always go
back to the the
sanctions um I love the fact another
topic here that Trump has passed some
vague some kind of
vague uh uh I guess executive order
about uh College is they have to they
have to recognize free speech in order
to get Federal
funding and people are saying it's too
vague how how do you even measure such a
thing and I just thought it's freaking
brilliant because he's creating a
situation where he's making his
opponents
argue against free
speech he's he he's totally boxed in the
the opposition they have to argue
against freedom of speech like actually
literally freedom of speech so it's bad
enough that the Democrats are going to
have to argue against
capitalism that's pretty hard but
they're doing it right and they're doing
pretty well I would say the the
Democrats are actually doing a
surprisingly good job of arguing against
capitalism the the the engine that's
created everything good in the world
practically but he's also making them
argue against freedom of
spe and by doing things that are so
pro-israel like the Golan Heights like
the embassy he's making use critics
argue that he is anti-jewish
at the same time he's the most
pro-israel president of all time and
they have to explain
that so that's funny I've noticed
that um I'm jumping around here a little
bit I've noticed that when um I and
other people has shut down the people on
Twitter who think that the fine people
quote actually was real and that the
president called racist fine people the
people actually believe that when you
send them the transcript and you and the
video which I've been doing over and
over and you show people that they're
they have a false memory and that he
never said what they thought he said do
you know what people
do they all say the same thing it's it's
it's amazing watching it they all
default to a backup position which is
well yeah there might have been some
people there who were not technically
signed up for the
neo-nazis but how can they be fine
people if they're marching with
them now there is no evidence that the
non-nazi the non-racist who were there
for the purposes of supporting Free
Speech supporting the historical
importance of of the statues which by
the way I completely disagree with I'm
I'm opposed to statues they're offensive
but I'm just describing the
situation um certainly they were not
marching with the racist so the way I've
been answering that is to say uh people
can be in the same zip code for
different reasons it's the most normal
thing in the world indeed there were
many uh many members of the press who
were there were the members of the press
marching with the racists no they were
just in the same zip code for different
reasons was antifa marching with the
racists no they were in the same zip
code for different reasons were the
militia who were the the Free Speech
people who dislike the racist were they
marching with the people they dislike no
they were there for their own purposes
with their own message now I'm going to
talk for a minute about why somebody
could amazingly back up to the marching
with hallucination but we'll get to that
in a
minute oh uh I love the news there's a
suggestion that Joe Biden who's leading
in the
polls uh might be considering uh
announcing with a vice presidential pick
the idea of course is that he's not
strong
enough everything about this is funny so
if Joe Biden announces his uh his
campaign with a vice presidential pick
what does that tell you about Joe Biden
what's the message that Joe Biden would
be
sending the message that Joe Biden would
be sending is that he's not competitive
by
himself that if you were to if you were
to do president to president apparently
he thinks he would
lose in other words he has to use a
gimmick that nobody's ever done before
to be competitive with the president so
the first thing is it's it's a huge
signal of
weakness that you would even have to try
a gimmick such as announcing your vice
president first now the person that is
rumored that he's considering is Stacy
Abrams who I guess narrow lost her her
election bid and is considered a rising
star now she's African-American she's
woman so she hits she hits some you know
check boxes for the Democrats and the
Democrats have been very clear about
wanting their candidates to represent
you know the diversity that they that
they value and there's nothing wrong
with that all right that's actually an
entirely legitimate thing to do you know
make sure you got a good mix of
diversity in your party because that's
sort of a central theme maybe more than
anything else that's their central
theme but here's the
thing if you have
Biden who is by any description an old
white
man and he's leading in the polls in
your party that's supposed to be
represented more representative of the
diversity of the country country in
every way that's a bad look what is the
only way you could make that worse
what's the only way you can make that
look worse than nominating an old white
guy to the party of diversity the only
way you can make that
worse is to Have a
Gimmick woman who is who is a
African-American no matter how qualified
she is and I think everybody agrees
Stacy Abrams is very qualified so this
is no comment about her talents or
qualifications you know those are
established but it looks like a token
kind of a thing that you would only
think to do if you were an old white guy
in other words starting off with such a
heavy-handed approach to the vice
presidential
pick would send this glaring m message
you thought you thought Joe Bo Biden was
an old white guy look at this he just
proved that he's the he's the most
stereotypical old white guy you could
ever have he just told you he has he has
a black
friend I mean
basically you know starting off with a
uh an African-American woman as your
vice presidential pick if you're Joe
Biden this would not apply to other
candidates so what I'm saying would not
apply to um really any other candidate
it's only because he's an old white guy
in the party of
diversity uh it just would look
desperate and it would send all the
wrong message
so um the slaughter index is at 100%
right now okay uh let's talk
about
oh so I'm going to go into some really
touchy territory and there are some
topics that you can't talk about until
other things have happened all right so
the the environment has to be right or
there are some topics you just can't
talk about and I'm going to talk about
one of them now and it's only because
the environment is right and the
environment in this case is that now
that we've conclusively seen that the um
the Russia collusion thing is fake news
as far as we can tell looks like fake
news and we've seen that the fine people
hoax about Charlottesville is fake news
and in fact I believe the edit to make
that correct is now a permanent edit on
Wikipedia we'll see if it lasts but the
Wikipedia editors have finally agreed
that it wasn't real and they they added
in to to correct that we'll see if that
that lasts but now that the world is
softened up to this concept of how much
they've been duped by fake news I can
introduce a new topic that I could not
have introduced until that was
true Steve
King Steve King is a
republican who I'm going to start right
off by
saying I think he's an
idiot all right based on what I've
observed kind of an idiot because the
things he says get him in so much
trouble and he just walks into one trap
after another now somebody's saying he's
a nice guy I've heard that I've actually
heard that he's a nice guy and the the
and but here's the thing I'm not going
to defend Steve King so what will follow
is not an apologist thing for for Steve
King it's not an endorsement of him it's
not a um it's not any kind of a spin I'm
only going to talk about one thing he
said and how the news covered it all
right I'm going to read you an exact
sentence that's on Wikipedia it's in
almost every news site here's the exact
sentence that Steve King did say all
right so what I'm going to read you is
True News it's an actual sentence he did
speak and listen how terrible this is
but you have to wait for the punchline
right here here it is this is an actual
quote which Steve King has acknowledged
he said these words but he says it's a
the context is wrong we we'll see and
here's the quote from Steve King quote
white nationalist white supremacist
Western Civilization how did that
language become offensive King wonders
in the Peace A New York Times
interview um why did I sit in classes
teaching me about the merits of our
history and our civilization now when
you read that
sentence white nationalist white
supremacists Western Civilization how
did that language become offensive you
interpret it as wait a minute he just
said white supremacists that language
should that language should not be um
basically it makes it sound like he's
defending white
supremacist and you say to yourself well
this can't be fake
news because that quote is very
clear listen to the words white
nationalists white supremacists Western
Civilization how did that language
become offensive isn't that as clear as
it could possibly be that he's he's
endorsing white
supremacists now he claimed he
wasn't but how could that possibly be
you say how could that be fake news and
I guarantee you he said those exact
words let me tell you how
they turned it into fake news with
punctuation they put a comma between
white nationalist comma white
supremacist comma Western
Civilization Dash and then his statement
about Western
Civilization if you hear it live it
doesn't sound this way if you hear live
you understand that the first two words
white nationalist white supremacist
belong to the prior thought that they
don't report what was the sentence right
before it because that was what he was
answering what he did was he paused a
little bit and then he introduced a new
thought the new thought was Western
Civilization how did that language
become offensive in other words he was
saying
that that some things are offensive
white nationalist and white supremacist
those are offensive and that's what his
prior conversation was about he paused
but then he said Western Civilization
now Western Civilization is not white
supremacy it's not white nationalist
it's about the culture right you could
argue about this point but I'm just
saying what the point was and his point
was the western civilization has been
demonized as being equal to white
supremacy
that is the opposite of how it was
reported by Anderson Cooper last night
as recently as last night Anderson
Cooper reported with no context that
Steve King wondered why white
supremacist white supremacist was
suddenly bad never
happened it is a complete fake news now
here's the
problem if anybody takes this out a
context they're going to say cartoonist
supports white
supremacist right wouldn't that happen
and don't you expect that will happen
somebody's going to write the article
that says cartoonist supports white
supremacist but you just heard me say I
think he's an idiot I don't support
anything else he said and maybe some of
those things are bad and if he said bad
things well that's on him
but this quote the one that they used to
support all of his other quotes being
bad literally didn't happen he said it
didn't
happen and he clarifies he's clarified
it before now the latest thing the Steve
King said was that he compared the
Katrina victims to the flood victims in
Iowa and I'm paraphrasing but he said
essentially that the Katrina victims
were waiting for the government to help
them but the good people in Iowa were
saying how can I help my
neighbors and Anderson Cooper reported
that as clearly a racist Trope his point
being that if the Katrina victims were
more likely to be black and the Iowa
residents were more likely to be white
that what that what Steve King really
meant is that the the minorities were
not as help ful as the good white people
in Iowa now let me give you some
perspective I grew up in a rural area I
did not grow up in a city so let me tell
you what Steve King actually meant and
actually said and what everyone in Iowa
understood all right so what I'm going
to say I'll bet you everybody in Iowa
understood and it goes like this city
people
can have low
character country people the rural
people Farmers people in the midwest
people in Iowa they're good people
they're more neighbor
helping that is what I believed when I
grew up that the city people were maybe
a little
self-absorbed a little selfish country
people were generous help your
neighbor Steve King was making a
contrast between the good rural people
of Iowa of all colors of all colors and
types he was not saying the white people
in Iowa are awesome he didn't say that
he said Iowa I'm pretty sure there are
some minorities in Iowa he didn't say
the black people who were the victims of
the flood Were Somehow low character he
was saying you know the people in that
area it was it it was clearly a contrast
to the Democrats in the city versus the
good people in the country it's a common
thing that people like I like I grew up
hearing all the time it did not have a
racial element until Anderson Cooper who
probably I don't know this for sure but
I'm guessing Anderson Cooper grew up in
mostly City
environments if that was your
perspective and you heard Ste Steve talk
like that you might think the same thing
Anderson Cooper thought what else could
it mean like what what would be any
other way to interpret this than some
kind of a racial comment and the answer
is ask anybody who grew up in the
country ask them how to interpret it
they will tell you that there's there's
sort of this General belief that the
country people are more neighbor
oriented than City people that's it now
am I a Steve King apologist because I
understand what he said somebody's going
to call me that now I want to introduce
you A New
Concept this is a filter for
understanding your world because and
this will come in really helpful with
all of the Russia collusion craziness
you're going to see and all the TDS so
here's a way
to understand the
world there are three kinds of people uh
at least there more than that of course
but for the the con the purposes of this
conversation there are three types there
are people who conflate in other words
they combine things just automatically
in their minds there are people who
isolate in other words they say I'm just
going to look at this item here without
this other noise and then there are
people who
Advocate the and basically they're Liars
so The Advocates are just liars who are
advocating for a cause they don't care
about the truth they're just trying to
get to a get to a end point now I'm
going to make a great generalization
and I don't claim that there are
individuals who fall strictly into one
category you know people can be spread
across these categories but there is a
tendency to be mostly in one of them if
you are for example an artist or writer
or a musician you're probably a conflat
and what I mean by that is that
everything seems connected to you
because in your world that's all you see
you know a song for example has to all
make sense you can't have a you know
suddenly you changing something basic
about the song so the beginning of the
song and the end of the song are related
so a musician says everything's related
it's all it's all connected if you
writing a novel and you have some
foreshadowing in the first chapter like
then Bob looked at his watch it was his
favorite watch he always looked at his
watch if you're reading the novel you
say oh that means something all right
that wouldn't be in the story unless we
were supposed to connect this to
something that's going to happen later
so I know they're all connected that's
not how the real world works it's how
fiction works but if fiction is your is
your filter on life you start seeing
everything
connected um and
artists artists are combiners they they
take things from different places they
put it together until everything's
combined this is the opposite of what
Engineers scientists economists and
business people do this group of people
and their training and their professions
tell them that they must first
isolate in order to understand so you
have to get rid of all the variables
that are not right if it's if it's
climate change you have to um you have
to make sure that you've accounted for
you know the Sun and take that out you
know you've accounted for everything
else now you could argue whether they've
done it right but that's that's the
discipline you're looking to to separate
things so you can look at them
individually and then Advocates are
usually lawyers politicians and
activists and they're mostly Liars now
when you're on social media or you're
watching the
news what types of people are you seeing
the most who has the greatest presence
on TV news and the greatest presence in
terms of uh influence on social media
well well it's The
Advocates because they have incentive
right The Advocates you see on TV all
the time and you see the conflat who
think everything must be connected and
there's no such thing as a coincidence
and what else could explain it this
group are largely
underrepresented now how big of a
problem is this well here's how it's
relevant to you I'm going to show you a
specific
situation and you can see how the
different people will handle it let's
say you've decided that the president is
a bad people because he said that
racists in Charlottesville were fine
people and now you take that person and
say oh oh that was a hoax you think that
he said the racists were fine people
because you're seeing it on your news
programs but the news is giving you fake
news here's here's the actual transcript
here's a link to the video so you can
check for yourself that that's fake news
he never said that he in fact said
specifically I'm not talking about the
races so let's say you've you you found
a way to debunk this so now this is
debunked which of those groups that I
talked about would accept the new facts
well somebody who is a trained scientist
might say okay I get that you showed me
the transcript an economist might in
fact yesterday or the day before I
forwarded an economist who believed this
was true looked at the evidence isolated
just that situation and said holy cow
that was fake news it's proven so the
people who isolate can look at this look
at the evidence and say I get it the
people who conflate what do they do as
soon as you disprove this what do they
do they say we know it's true not
because it's obvious in what he said but
because of other things he's done it's
all connected so this is the artist view
right so the artist view is well all
right what about the fact that he didn't
um he didn't
immediately um disavow David Duke I mean
that kind of proves that maybe this was
really true after all right Scott and I
say well let me send you a video clip of
a compilation of trump disavowing David
Duke as far back as years ago now I
don't know why that one time when Jake
Tapper asked him the question he gave an
awkward answer that didn't make
sense H he said he didn't know who David
Duke Duke was my best guess and this
would just be speculation is that David
Duke is sort of an ordinary name I can
tell you that in my own life people have
mentioned David Duke and for a moment I
thought David Duke that is and I
couldn't quite Place David Duke right
away and you know so so maybe there was
some of that maybe the maybe the
president thought there was a trap
coming maybe his earpiece didn't work
which is actually pretty common I've
done a lot of interviews with earpieces
the number of times they don't work is
actually higher than you would imagine
so it's pretty common to have a bad
sound so I don't know why he answered it
that way but we do know that he
disavowed David Duke before that lots of
times we know that when he was asked the
next day he disavowed him
specifically so if you were to isolate
this and see all the times that he
disavowed him you'd probably say to
yourself well I don't know what was
going on in that Tapper interview but
it's obvious he disavowed him before and
after and you know he he's not he's not
the kind of personality the president
isn't where where uh he changes his mind
on things that he really believes so if
he really believed that he wanted to
praise David Duke I think he would have
done it the next day too he doesn't
really change that much so the fact that
he disavowed him so many times should
take that off the table but if you if
you say that the conflat will say well I
see what you're saying he did disavow
him clearly but I don't believe he meant
it do you know why because you know if
he said
this so they start conflating all the
things which are not
true to support all the other things
that are not true so the artists the
musicians the writers are more likely to
see this whole picture and think it's
meaningful the scientist the engineer
The Economist are more likely to say
let's isolate this and just don't don't
talk about this let's just see if this
is true remember that time the president
mocked the reporter who had a um genetic
condition with his arm he had a bad arm
and it looked like the president was
doing a hand motion to mock him well you
most of you who are Trump supporters
have seen the compilation video where
the president uses that same hand motion
to mock other people it's just a common
thing he's done a lot of times in lots
of speeches so you show this to somebody
who believes that it must be proof that
he mocked a guy with a bad arm and you
show them that he always uses this same
motion what does the scientist and The
Economist and the engineer say okay you
isolated that and you made your point
Okay I accept that
what does the artist the writer or the
musician say yeah well obviously that's
a lie and your video is a lie and he
really did mean it is mocking why do I
believe that because I believe this and
I believe
this Scott you have to look at it all
you have to look at the whole picture
then you say how about this judge curiel
thing where he thought that a judge with
Mexican heritage might not be fair and
then I say well in the context of legal
stuff you're supposed to ask if somebody
has bias that's that's the most common
thing you do the entire jury selection
process is identifying bias and removing
the president said that he was quite
reasonably the most reviled person by
people of who have Mexican heritage so
if you pick somebody who has Mexican
heritage and they've got an answer to
their family reunion they've got an
answer to their family they're probably
you know have more likely to have
contact with people who hate the
president can he get a can he get a fair
Shake now that was reported as he thinks
that the president thinks Mexicans can't
be good judges he never said anything
like that he said that if the situation
the
case has some specific element that the
specific person could be considered at
least to to observers to maybe have a
bias maybe you should think about that
maybe you should do something about it
completely normal legal strategy which
worked because the judge actually ended
up ruling in his case in the gray area
probably because he didn't want to be
seen as biased so as a legal strategy it
was
fine Central Park 5 people say well what
about the Central Park 5 the the you
know Trump said that the five black
people who were accused of uh violent
rape in the Central Park he did a full
page ad in which he said they should be
executed and he even said that after
they were found not guilty so that's
proof of racism right to which I say
what part of that is about
race there's literally nothing in that
story that has anything to do with Trump
and race it is simply a fact that the
five people who were wrongly accused
were
black Trump didn't make them black he
just is he's opposed to any kind of
crime he's the most
consistently uh Pro police anti-me
person you've ever known why would he
make an exception because they were
black of course he uh he doesn't like
crime now some people say but wait he
still says they might be guilty even
after the court found them innocent to
which I
say and
when does he when does he say he was
wrong is there are there other
situations you can look to where where
he admits he was wrong and apologizes he
doesn't do that he doesn't do it in this
case he doesn't do it in any case
there's literally no substance to the
claim that this is racially motivated
except except you believe it's true why
because of all the other things but all
the other things are also hoaxes they're
not real let's take another one uh did
did he really say that all Mexicans are
rapists that's the way it's reported no
he did not believe that the children and
the women were rapists did he think that
there were there's too much crime coming
yes does he exaggerate literally
everything yes he exaggerates his crowd
size he exaggerates how bad his
opponents are he exaggerates how poorly
Obama did as a president he exaggerates
how rich he is he exaggerates how you
know quickly he beat Isis he exaggerates
how good the economy is did he
exaggerate about the amount of crime
coming across the border
yes he exaggerates
everything the fact that he exaggerates
everything should be enough to tell you
that this wasn't the one time he decided
to be all
racist
um the Muslim ban people say all right
but Scot
the Muslim ban that one's pretty clear
that's
anti-muslim well listen to the entire
quote he said he wanted to when he was
on the campaign Trail he I think he
that's when he was talking about it
originally he said that he wanted to do
a Muslim ban until they could figure out
what's going on here is the context
terrorists can more easily hide with it
with other
Muslims so since he can't tell which
ones are the terrorists and which are
not he said until we could figure that
out until we know what's going on let's
just stop it is that bad for Muslims who
do not live in the country yes it's bad
for the good people who just wanted to
escape a bad situation it's very bad for
the people who are not Americans who
would like to get into the
country this president has said very
clearly he's going to favor the
Americans who were citizens over the
people who are not so did he
discriminate against
non-americans yes that's what he's hired
to do we hire him to discriminate
against
non-americans and to favor Americans and
their interests was it bad for the good
Muslims who would like to get into the
country through immigration yes it was
bad for them but he doesn't have an
obligation to be good to people who are
not Americans if it would be bad for
Americans to do so
so as soon as they did figure out what's
going on they realized that they could n
narrow it to countries that don't have
good
records and and he did some of those
countries were not even Muslim countries
and many of the countries that are not
part of the ban are Muslim countries
so uh once again if you sort of walk
through all oh then there's the housing
discrimination back the 70s or whatever
a trump entity the the people people
working for the Trump organization
apparently discriminated by
race as far as I know there's no
evidence that Trump made that decision
there's only evidence that the employees
discriminated by race it was their job
to get a good result evidently they
thought that they couldn't get a good
result because their because of their
racial racial views or the views that
they thought other people had about race
so that's the closest you can get
is that people he knew were racists or
did a racist thing that's the closest
you can get is that people he knew did
something
bad so if you are an economist a
scientist and engineer you would look at
each of these and you would you would uh
ignore all the others and you say all
right just prove this one is true prove
this one's true um and you could get to
something closer to truth if you are an
artist you can flate now I've been
testing this theory on social media and
so on Twitter I try to guess what
somebody's occupation is by the quality
of their comments and I want you to try
this at home because it's funny so
yesterday I was talking to somebody who
was doing the conflating thing and he
was just he was just bringing into the
issue all kinds of things that just were
not part of the
conversation and so I thought to myself
I wonder what kind of artist this person
is so I click on the profile
musician there was another person uh the
day before who again was conflating all
these things that weren't part of the
decision and I thought to myself I
wonder what kind of artists they are
click art director yesterday I was
talking with somebody who was again
conflating all of these things like like
they all somehow support the point and I
thought to myself huh wonder what kind
of artist this person is Click author
writer right and so look for this so
somebody says Scots an artist you are
right I'm not sure I'm a real artist you
I'm barely an artist but my background
is I have a degree in economics and MBA
in business 16 years of corporate
experience including you know marketing
strategy sales you know all kinds of uh
different uh exposures and I worked in
engineering for most of that time so my
my exposure is across all of those
fields and I prefer to be an isolator so
when I'm talking about politics I
isolate when I'm trying to be an artist
I can flate so in the comic I am
combining things that don't necessarily
need to get combined and that's what
makes it funny that's what makes it art
you're combining things that are not
normally combined so I do both
and so I would say to look for this um I
would say to look for this effect that
when you see people bringing in
unrelated things to the conversation
click on the profile and see if they are
an artist you will be surprised and
amused how often that's the
case um teachers
too well I suppose it would depend
somebody says that teachers fall into
that category that's probably um a split
decision because if you're a science
teacher you probably have a different
view than if you're an English teacher
that's just a just a guess all right
um what about confirmation bias well
this is confirmation bias so the the the
people who are the artists are far more
likely to be fooled by confirmation bias
because they live in a world where every
clue means
something the scientists live in a world
where every clue is almost always
meaningless it's very rare when a
coincidence is actually meaningful you
know if you look at all the coincidences
that there are very rarely does one mean
anything in the scientific world in the
artistic world a coincidence always
means something the the coincidences are
put there intentionally to mean
something so you should not be surprised
if the people who come up through the
Arts see coincidence as
meaningful all
right uh that is all for now and I am
going to go do something else um and I
hope that you will enjoy the ongoing
struggle the CNN has in explaining why
the uh the Muller report is really is
really bad news for the president but
it's in Disguise you know really
something else is happening so we'll see
I'll talk to you later