well good morning let's get our comments
up here and we'll have the show of
shows all right there we go comments are
[Music]
[Music]
working good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization including a whiteboard
today yes a whiteboard but if you'd like
to take this experience up to levels
that are even Beyond the Whiteboard and
Beyond the double-sided whiteboard well
for that you're going to need a cuper
margar glass of tanker chel and Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine the
end of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
deliciousness
incredible speaking of
coffee do you think there's some new
scientific studies about it being good
for you H let me
check yes there are turns out there's a
new scientific study but it says that
you get more Health Advantage if you
drink your coffee in the morning versus
sipping it all day so if you're a
morning Drinker like you are because you
just sip with me um you're 16% less
likely to have died compared to non-
Coffee drinkers 31% less likely to have
died from heart disease according to
Chronicle
live so there's that and by the way on
top of that at the CES show there's a
new coffee maker that sucks the the
water for the coffee is sucked down the
air in your house and put in your coffee
so you never have to fill up your little
portable coffee maker well not portable
you never have to fill up your coffee
maker it just grabs it out of the air
now the question I have for you is would
you drink coffee that was made from the
water that was in your house in the
air cuz it feels like it would taste
like your dog's hair and whatever was in
your carpet
now I know it's perfectly it's perfectly
clean because I'm I'm sure they do it so
there's there's no contamination but the
the mental part it's
like I'm just imagining me have that
like this tastes a little like
a however I will say that I do I did
recently buy one of those devices
separately that can take water out of
the air so I I'm a consumer of the
taking water out of the air inside my
house it's a real thing and I recommend
you get one in case you lose your water
but not your electricity that's what
it's
for well according to S poost did you
know that sexual humor can boost your
intimacy and it can enhance your sexual
satisfaction so according to uh yeah the
study in s poost by main carar
yakobian um that the sexual humor sort
of joking around and keeping things
light while you're being intimate is
really good for your
intimacy however it was a little lacking
in uh useful tips so I'd like to give
you a useful tip in this domain now this
comes from a professional
humorist um it goes like
this don't save your best jokes for just
before she
finishes that's all I have to say don't
ask me how I know that but just don't
save your best material for right before
she finishes because it's not going to
help your intimacy at
all well according to rasmuson um people
are a little skeptical in the country
about the odds of uh Congress cutting
the US budget
44% consider it likely that they'll
actually cut the size of government the
Republicans um but apparently that would
leave more people who don't think is
likely and uh see 49% don't think is
likely at
all here's what I
think it seems very unlikely until Doge
gets a real you know grasp on things so
I feel like it might be at least a year
before we see a budget that looks like
it might be going down or even could go
down I feel like Trump is going to
increase the budget I feel like he's
going to say you know I need some money
for Greenland and you know war on Panama
or whatever it
is I feel like he's gonna he's going to
cut taxes which increases the deficit so
everything is pointing toward our fiscal
situation getting a lot
worse before it has a chance to get
better at all so that's probably what
you should expect I don't think Congress
has the ability without really strong
Doge recommendations that everybody
agrees with and that's going to take a
while it'll take a while to get people
to say all right let's get rid of this
department entirely and let's not
develop this airplane or whatever
they're doing so should get worse before
it gets better but there's still there
is a plan you know doge is still active
so we'll see well obviously the story
that is closest to me and is Weighing on
me heavily right now is the Palisades
fire in California now I'm not in
Southern California so I'm far away from
the actual fire but if you live in
California you probably have a friend
there so Californians are being affected
directly indirectly and I don't know yet
if the news has conveyed how bad this is
so um I'm not going to spend a ton of
time on it because it's you can just
turn on the TV and it's all the you'll
see today practically but the fire is
gig antic last I knew it was 0%
controlled because the winds were so
high there was basically nothing you
could do it was just ripping through
these multi-million dollar homes James
Woods reportedly lost his home and he
would be one of many people who had no
fire insurance now that's alleged so I
haven't heard that from James Wood so I
don't know if that's true it's on it's
on X but uh it is true that uh because
California had so many fire related
gigantic disasters most insurance
companies pulled out of the state so
this is probably the biggest modern fire
in which there were a lot of houses
involved and a lot of them won't be
insured so you see hundreds of people
losing something like their whole life
um a few people would be insured and you
they might come out okay after after a
lot of disruption but this is is
massively bad it's massively bad 13,000
structures nothing in the LA area as a
natural disaster has ever come close is
my understanding I don't think
anything's ever been close to the SI the
size and scale of This Disaster you know
we've had forest fires of course but you
know this many
structures this is
insane um juel Pollock is writing in
brart that uh LA mayor Karen Bass
um cut the fire department budget by 20
million now to be fair it wasn't the
only thing that was being looked at to
cut and they did cut it back to the
budget that was roughly the same as year
before but
clearly the question of priorities has
to be asked if you if you knew that we
had this much this much risk is the fire
department the thing you want to cut do
you think more more money went to
immigration and taking care of the the
homeless and maybe a little less went to
the fire
prevention we also were hearing that uh
California governor Nome did a bad job
of managing the forest floors you know
cleaning up the brush apparently I think
Trump had warned him and maybe everybody
warned him so he didn't do controlled
Burns so these are the accusations I you
know I'm willing to listen to the other
side which I haven't heard yet so maybe
Nome has some kind of defense that would
sound reasonable but I doubt it it it
does seem like it's exactly what it
looks like it's poorly managed now the
report I heard but I haven't heard a
confirmation is that it was some
homeless person who set the
fire do we know if that's
confirmed um and then the coincidence I
think I think it's a coincidence
um yeah I'm seeing in the comments I
I'll say it just because it's in the
comments that this really isn't the
disaster that I think I want to take a
stand on
Dei you know Dei is a big issue and you
know I hammer it all the time but this
is more about the people in the disaster
right now it is true that if you look at
the mayor and you look at the head of
the fire department they are quite
conspicuously you know they would fit
that frame your your Dei analysis but I
don't have any evidence I have no
evidence whatsoever that any of the
people in charge did a specific thing
that caused this fire or or anything
that's you know Dei related so the
standard that I like to use on this
stuff is you can't tell anything about
the
individuals so yes the people in charge
are
probably it seems influenced by
Dei but we don't know if somebody else
who had not been a Dei hire would have
done better we do know things didn't go
well we do know that there are obvious
ways they could have
prevented or or maybe had a better
chance of preventing it so but I but I
wouldn't I wouldn't tightly bind the Dei
story with the fire story because I
think that's sort of taking attention
away from where it should be which is
insane tragedy and a lot of people
affect
it uh but it's not a nothing either
um I I hate the fact that the news is
going to report about which celebrities
lost their
homes literally the people least
affected but that's who we are we're
going to talk about the celebrities who
lost their homes there'll be more of
them
um I guess I guess I'm going to leave
this one
here so my state is just massively in
trouble and massively undermanaged it
feels like and I'm wondering if this
disaster is going to be big enough that
the Democrats finally say I'm out
because you you've watched the Trump
effect everywhere I was watching uh
fedman say you know he he wants to make
sure he can work with the Republicans
because they did win the
election and that seems positive we saw
Zuckerberg we'll talk more about him
he's he's taking what I would call a
reasoned pivot because he says that's
where the country is going he's not
going to fight it so it it seems like
there's a you know of course Bill Maher
and a number of other Democrats are now
coming over to the uh what i' call The
Common Sense side of things I Feel Like
This Disaster is going to be big
enough that it might actually
Shake even blue
California I would say that after this
The Impossible Is Now possible a
republican
governor do you think I would have ever
imagined a republican
governor in the past I mean in the
recent past not in the recent past but I
think this is so bad that it might
change everything now it wouldn't change
everything except it's in the context of
the Trump effect so the Trump effect is
sort of this larger thing that's moving
everything and then this is you know a
subset of that that I think will be
accelerated by it so the the disaster
alone wouldn't change politics in
California the disaster plus the Trump
effect now your brain is going to
connect them it's like wait a minute
every time Democrats are in charge it's
either a riot or economic disaster or it
burns you know everybody's going to see
the pattern the pattern is a little hard
to to avoid at this
point
anyway if we can I'm going to try to
stay away from the uh the conversation
about the Havey part of that just
because it's hard to handle um let's
talk about Trump on Greenland and Panama
and Canada so the big question all the
the fake news are asking is uh he says
is he going to use the military is he
going to use the military in Greenland
and Panama and
Canada so Trump said according to the
Daily wire Trump said uh in answer to
that question I'm not going I'm not
going to commit to not using the
military to get Greenland or the Panama
Canal so Trump said he would not
promise that he would not use the
military for Greenland or the Panama
Canal now have I explained enough how
Trump works so that you can understand
that in
context the context is he's
negotiating if you're negotiating with
Panama and you say I take the option of
using the military off the table how's
that negotiation going to go well you
already know Panama is going to say get
lost and that will be the end right but
if he says I'm keeping that option open
and the larger context is that it has a
geopolitical Homeland defense element to
it and it does because China is getting
control of the canal and that's
unacceptable as long as he keeps it as a
military Homeland defense issue he is
perfectly entitled and it's the smart
play to say no I'm not taking that off
the table now how many times have I had
to explain to the country Trump never
takes options off the table taking
options off the table is your maybe the
biggest mistake you could make I mean
there could be other ones but that would
be about the biggest mistake you make
taking taking your own options off the
table
no keep that one on there now what are
the odds that he would actually use
military force to get
Greenland well let's discuss what that
would mean would that really mean we'd
go in and start shooting the
greenlanders I don't know what they're
called
greenlans
greenlanders no no we're not going to go
shoot anybody from
Greenland is it
possible potenti
that there would be a large
military entity that simply lands and
builds base whether they like it or not
maybe because we might say we don't want
to own your country we get it but we
have to protect it because it's it's
relevant to our own defense we're not
doing it for you we're not doing it to
you it's just for our own
defense so that would be military but it
wouldn't be us threatening to shoot
anybody in Greenland which would be 100%
unacceptable but keeping it on the
table is absolutely the right
negotiating position now you might say
me but Scott are you saying that you
would be in favor of the military going
into Canada because he's also talked
about Canada being 51st
state when he was asked about using the
military in Canada he said we don't need
it because we only need financial he
called it pressure but you could also
call it you know a risk
reward and the idea would he would be
that he could make an economic argument
the Canada would just be economically
better off so that's all he needs
because people care about their wallet
and they care about their defense and
they might care about just surviving and
if he can offer a better chance to make
money survive and
thrive then doesn't everybody win now of
course that's the American point of view
my understanding is that um at least
part of what makes Canadians Canadian is
they're not
Americans and they would really prefer
to keep it that way you know much of the
Canadian public however they've also
watched the value of their dollar good
down by 41% or something since Trudeau
got in office so they've watched the
virtual destruction of their country and
everything they love about it um and
Trump is offering a very clean solution
to it less immigration better financial
management I think he could sell he
could at least sell that he could
deliver those things whether they say
yes to it I think no I mean I don't
think we're going to I don't think we're
going to you know take on Canada as a
state I I would bet against that
happening but the kind of pressure that
Trump is putting on Canada seems
Financial so he's going to say things
like well he's already said why why do
we need anything from Canada why are we
running a trade deficit when we make all
the same things that Canada makes
there's nothing Canada makes that
nobody's making in the United States we
could just make more of it now it would
cost more might cost more in the short
run because if you have more suppliers
prices go down um if you fewer it goes
up so if we don't get it from Canada I
imagine some prices would go up but as a
threat to Canada to negotiate our best
situation and maybe get them to close
their border so it isn't a risk to us I
feel like I feel like maybe it's just
going to help create a more productive
relationship between the two countries
however having said that I don't see a
way that Trump would seriously use the
military and he's not even the imagine
how much imagine how how committed he is
to not using the military when he breaks
his own rule about taking options off
the table when it comes to Canada he's
taking his own option off the table he
doesn't do that unless he means it means
it means it really really means it like
he'll never take an option off the table
he's very consistent so that means to me
that no there's not going to be any
military incursion in
Canada however I can see a way it would
happen
if Canada goes to even more un
unrestricted
immigration to the point where the
immigration in our northern border
becomes a direct risk to the United
States and Canada is unwilling or unable
to stop it we would stop
it so if you're Canadian and you're
listening to
this if your immigration remains you
know uncontrolled and it's bringing in
people that we think would be a
futuristic United States that is cause
for military
action that is cause for military action
let me be really clear about that if if
your immigration policy becomes a direct
risk to the United States even if it's
you know five years from now yes I would
be in favor of military action only to
do that one thing to make sure that they
close the border I don't care about
anything else you know I don't want to I
don't want don't want to colonize Canada
but if Canada doesn't close its border
that's our risk and here's my rule about
self-defense there are no rules about
self-defense that's the main thing you
have to know now you might get in
trouble you might go to jail for what
you do but there are no
rules and and if if Canada becomes a
self-defense problem just understand
Canada there are no rules so that that's
when military becomes a definite
option I think it's super unlikely
but
maybe meanwhile over in ch in China
president shei had toh slap down this
Chinese Economist who said that the
Chinese GDP numbers were probably cooked
and ridiculous those are my words not
his but he thinks that maybe the real
GDP is 2% not
5% and he also doubts that uh he doubts
that the government can do anything
about it and that China is
in bad
trouble so what happened to him well
let's just say in
China you don't want to be the economist
who goes public about President she
lying and being in you know doomed
financial position you don't want to do
that so let's just say bad things are
happening to that guy but this is a
further to my claim that all data that
matters is
fake all data that
matters if it doesn't matter it could be
true but if it matters and what could
matter more than the GDP of China it'd
be hard to think of a a data point
that's much bigger than is the GDP good
or are they in a death spiral I mean the
difference between good and death spiral
of China you know the most populous
place on Earth uh second biggest economy
right uh that's enormous and that data
is
fake the most important data and I I
would go further and say the more
important the data is the more
guaranteed it's fake so it's not you
know yes or no fake or not fake as you
go up the level of importance the more
important it is you can guarantee it's
not true because it's so important that
the people who control the
data are going to make sure you see what
they want you to see because it's too
important
right so you think AI is going to tell
us what's true no it won't because AI
will be turned off just like this
Chinese Economist the moment it tells
you the truth you think China is going
to get ahead of us on
AI well this would be a little hint of
what's going to happen if China gets AI
that can actually answer any questions
like actually honestly they're not going
to allow it they might use it for you
know
navigating a self-driving car but
they're not going to use AI to answer a
question about China's GDP that's for
sure uh imagine China allowing AI to
answer this question uh AI is the GDP
number for China imagine you're a
Chinese citizen is that uh accurate and
considered valid by the rest of the
world no the a very famous economist has
said it's a fake
number do you think China is going to
allow AI to say that not a chance not a
chance and then you say oh thank
goodness we're not in China right no
that's not where this is
heading it's going to be the same if if
the if in the United States or any
Democratic country the AI says something
that's bad for the
country now in our country it wouldn't
be that bad if you criticized the GDP
cuz you know people do that in this
country
so that wouldn't be the example where
maybe it would get turned off but you
could certainly imagine if it were the
pandemic and uh they came out and said
wear a mask and you go to Ai and say AI
what are the odds that a mask is going
to be helpful in this situation you know
now that we know more about it and the
AI would say no it is ridiculous there
is no obvious benefit from
asks would we would we allow the AI to
answer that question that way if that
was if that was what it would naturally
answer I don't know if it would no no
we're not going to let it so the United
States and China will be exactly the
same if our government determines
determines that ai's honesty is a threat
to the country they'll just limit it
until it
isn't so there's
that meanwhile in the Derek Chauvin and
uh
situation um
who uh as you
know uh is in jail now for his uh why am
I blanking on the George Floyd so he's
in jail for
allegedly um using the wrong training to
restrain Floyd which caused some say his
death and so the police officer is in
jail and now it turns out that there are
a group of 14 current in former
Minneapolis police departments watch how
mad you're going to get if you haven't
heard this story just watch how mad
you're going to get so 14 people who
basically worked with Derek schin at the
same time
ish uh they have sworn declarations so
now sworn declarations they're not
kidding around uh that the assistant
chief Katie Blackwell committed perjury
during the Derek Chauvin
trial and that specifically she tested
ified that the method of restraint used
by schauen which is the the knee on the
back of the back there that specific
thing that he is accused of using uh
inappropriately and causing the death of
Floyd
is part of the
training it's not just part of the
training it's it's training every one of
these had every one of these police
officers current and former went through
the exact training that told them to do
exactly what Derek Chauvin did and went
to jail
for he Derek chauvin's I guess she would
have been something like a boss but
higher up assistant chief Katie
Blackwell said at
trial that that's not what they trained
them to do 14 people said I went through
the training it's exactly what you
trained us to do he's in jail do you
need to know anything
about this trial he needs to be released
immediately because if if we find that
it's true that these 14 people got the
same training and and that the police
lied about it for
maybe political
expediency just maybe they were reading
the room and it was too dangerous to let
him go free I don't know what they were
thinking but I would say there's a 100%
chance that he was UN fairly convicted
for being white anybody disagree with
that framing 100% now I have no doubt
like all doubt is removed usually in
these situations there's a little doubt
you know you don't know exactly what's
happening everywhere but in this case no
I'm at 100% this is racially motivated
racism against a white cop and had he
not been white this wouldn't happen
certainly wouldn't happen this is pure
racism and every day he sits in trial he
sits in that office uh I hate my
government I hate my government every
minute he's in he's in
jail and I'm sorry you know I should I
want to love my country but I hate it
because if you did this to him you can
do it to
me and it's too far it's too far uh I
don't know what the so none of those
charges would be Federal right so it's
not like there's anything can do about
it but uh I feel like there should be a
crowd of 100,000 white people
surrounding the jail and chanting for
his freedom because if we let this one
go I don't know where it goes next you
got to stop this one hard and I would I
would make sure that the police officer
who said this if it can be demonstrated
that it was an intentional lie she needs
to go to jail
would you agree like I don't know what
the exact crime would be in that case
but if she
lied about training that yeah she knewed
to go to jail for a long
time meanwhile you heard about this
before that uh um Biden is
releasing several
yemeni um I guess people who are accused
of being terrorists or too close to
terrorism I guess
um from
GMO now two of them were Bin Laden's
bodyguards who in the world thinks that
Bin Laden's
bodyguards can be
reformed is that even a thing and and
are we doing it just because we kind of
want to do this slow drip of releasing
people because ultimately we want to
close GMO we don't want it forever and I
get the whole part about closing it
eventually but um none of this makes
sense and and there are so many things
going on that the only way you could
explain it is that there's a certain
class of people you know whatever Soros
wants and some other people Biden it
looks like they're acting against the
interest of the United States and I
don't understand it what why can't we
tell that they even have the right
intention and this is very different
from people who just have a different
political opinion about how to get to
the better place
that I fully understand so oh you have a
different opinion how to get to a place
where we're all happier okay you know
maybe I'm
wrong but when you're releasing
terrorists why don't you think we need a
some kind of an explanation about
that so I asked this question on uh on
act and it got about 3 million responses
which I wasn't expecting I said Is
England intentionally an Islamic country
or did they really not understand how
anything works and I said that's a
serious question which it is it wasn't
some other people I think said are you
trying to get
engagement no this is how I use x I have
an actual real question it actually
really really matters to not only
England but to me and uh I want to know
so I have developed a framework for
understanding why England apparently is
doing something terribly bad for them
but acts like they're
not and also in the United States Biden
with his open borders immigration stuff
it it looked like he was doing something
that was intentionally bad for the
country and how do you understand that
so I have a framework for helping us
understand the difference between how
the the Republicans and how the
Democrats are viewing immigration and I
think once you see the framework
everything will make sense so
first I'm going to show you the Democrat
framework and of course these are highly
simplified so it doesn't it doesn't mean
every Democrat blah blah blah yeah I
don't have to give you all that
right I'd love to get to the point where
I don't have to do the and you realize
that not 100% of everybody has the same
opinion you I shouldn't have to say that
but all right so here's
the poorly visible uh Democrat frame if
you talk to Democrats immigration
they'll say if you look at our history
you know the long history of the United
States in the beginning history um
immigration was good because it was big
old semi empty country except for the
Native Americans of course but but we
had plenty of space and we also had
unlimited demand for manual labor
unlimited demand because farming and
well mostly Farming Farming you could
just do more of it if we have more
people because we had lots of land land
wasn't a problem so if you had land and
water all you really need is more people
and suddenly the economy is going fine
you know you need them uh unfortunately
slavery was part of that but it also
serves the
point
um so anyway so the the Democrat frame
is that immigration was good in the past
it it was good good good good good good
so today it's still good now to back
that point of
view I wasn't there but don't you
imagine just common sensely that in our
past where we're looking at it from
today's perspective we say well it's
good we did that all that immigration it
was really good for the country but
don't you think that the people who were
in the country at the time were saying
things like look at all the Italians are
coming into the country and whoa do we
really want to bring in that many people
from from
France don't you think don't you think
the Germans and the Italians didn't like
each other and the French didn't like
the you know the the English so probably
probably the people who were already
here said this is a terrible idea stop
bringing in people who don't look like
me and don't act like me and come from
another country but it all worked out so
if you were if you were the Democrat
you'd say reasonably this is a
reasonable opinion throughout history
people said don't do this but every time
they did it it worked out is that
correct now I'm not saying that you
should agree with this Frame I'm saying
is this the Democrat frame it always
worked
before and everybody complained before
but they were always wrong so let's do
more of it simple I think that would be
the whole Democrat frame and if this was
all that was to it I think I'd agree
with
it if there was nothing else to the
question that would be a good frame for
understanding it now here's the
Republican
frame and we'll talk about England in
particular as my example the Republicans
say wait a minute you can't look at
history because there are important
differences the first differen is the
flow rate it is ridiculous to say that
immigration is good at any
level now in the past it probably was
close to true that any level any level
of immigration would be additive to our
economy because again we had unlimited
need for manual labor and we had lots of
space so that's different today we do
not have lots of space relatively and
and we don't have unlimited need for
manual labor and when the robots come
it'll be even
worse because as long as they're un
unemployed Americans we do not have
unlimited unlimited labor needs right so
that's different and if you ignore the
rate that the that there is some level
that the the country can't handle all at
once you're not really looking at this
like a smart person so when Democrats
ignore the flow rate they're not really
being honest about the conversation are
they if they act like that doesn't
matter now the other thing that uh
Republicans say is that the type of
people you're bringing in matters now
here's where it gets dicey because as
soon as you say the type
matters you're racist right because
that's those are rules those are rules I
don't make them up the Democrats will
call you racist if you if you criticize
a system even though a system is not a
person right so Trump and a lot of
Republicans would like to get the people
who have the right skills so that we're
not dealing with this you know unlimited
manual labor thing rather do they fit in
the country with what we know about the
country today so this is brand new it
wasn't that important to bring in I
don't know
scientists in the last 200 years because
they weren't doing that much
but we needed the farm hands right
that's all completely reversed now now
we need the scientists we don't need the
farm hands as much if you don't if they
don't pay you know if that's being
ignored it's bad now the other thing is
the type of people from what system
they're coming from and here's the part
that'll either get me killed or canel
but it needs to be said and this is the
part that as far as I know I've never
met one Democrat who understood it so
let's see if you would agree with that
statement the next thing I'm going to
describe I've never seen one Democrat
ever who understood what I'm going to
say next it goes like this if you were
to look at England and their problems
specifically with Islamic people cut me
in whoa hold on that's racist why you
just talking about that one group super
races right but did I mention anybody's
race no Islam is wonderfully open to all
Races so when you talk about Islam
you're talking about a system you're not
talking about the individuals because
you could have you know black white
brown you can be Islamic as long as you
just buy into the the
system so when I say if if you say
you're being
anti-islamic I say how is that different
from being
anti-communist because I'm not talking
about the people in either case I'm
talking about the system some people are
in so I'm going to I'm going to uh say
things about the system that do not
apply to any individuals furthermore
they do not apply even to the majority
even to the majority of Islamic
people however here's what you need to
know there is something different about
the Islamic people coming into the
country they have a system which prefers
their religion to be above the
the Govern government that's different
from pretty much everybody else who came
into the country most other people
people coming into the United States and
Great Britain I would say are people who
could easily adapt to the government
being the the top authority and the
religion just being like the other
religions living among it now I would
say that probably uh most of most of
England is
non-islamic but I don't have the exact
number maybe you do but something like
10% of let's say just England um for
Americans since most of you don't know
the difference I don't either between
the United Kingdom Great Britain and
England like they're all
different so let's just talk about
England to keep it keep it simple right
so England let's say has
10% uh
Islamic population both legal and
illegal about 10%
now within that 10% I would say the vast
majority of them just want a better life
and get along and they might they might
prefer Sharia they might prefer that the
law was Sharia but they're okay living
within the system and maybe by the
second
generation you know their children would
be like I'm just English maybe I
wouldn't rule it down but here's the
thing that Democrats don't understand
and I think I think they would agree
with this first this first part of it
that there's this tiny group let's say
tiny as a percentage not necessarily as
a number but as a percentage it's small
uh who would be
extremists and what they would like the
extremists all extremists in the Islamic
system would like to convince the other
islamists to be on their team which they
aren't exactly
completely and they'd like them to
eventually dominate the entire country
that's what only the extremist remember
just this tiny tiny little thing now if
you're a Democrat what do you think of
this
situation well if you if your if your
frame is that eventually it always looks
bad at first but eventually everybody
assimilates and everything's fine you
would not see this as any kind of a
problem right this wouldn't look like a
problem look are you talking about this
tiny little group of extremists
eventually they just get absorbed and
the legal system takes care of them if
they do anything out of line and over
time it's just a simulation just like it
always was just like
history here's what they don't get these
extremists if they play their cards
right which isn't hard can get a lot of
control over the people who are not
extremists by analogy it doesn't take a
lot of Mafia on your neighborhood to
make everybody do what the mafia wants
you to
do you don't need 90% Mafia to control
100% of your block if you've got a
little bit of Mafia there everybody
knows I don't want to mess with the
mafia so I'm just going to go along
right now I'm not I'm not comparing is
Islam to Mafia the comparison is that
when you have a small number of very
dangerous risk-taking people they can
have a huge effect on anybody who just
wants to stay out of
trouble So eventually you can imagine
that the extremists because they take
more risks often fail because they take
a lot of risks but every now and then
maybe one gets something right and
influences or one of them gets a job as
a mayor or suddenly one of them is a
chief of
police and the the history which
Republicans have been taught but I don't
think any Democrats is that this tiny
bit of extremists will influence the
other people and then there will
eventually be enough of them combined
that they will have control over the
entire country now if you haven't been
taught that that this is not just a risk
it's a guarantee that's where the
difference is if you understand this as
a risk you don't know what's going on
this is not a risk When You Reach about
10% Islamic people in your country and
they've come in recently and they're
still very
Islamic you only need a few of them as a
percentage it's still a big number but
as a percentage just a few of them you
only need a few of them to be the
extremists and that will that will be a
domino effect that goes to First their
larger group of people were not that
extreme and then it continues on until
it conquers the country because that's
what they do now W won't be
overnight and it doesn't mean that
applies to any individual so there's
nothing about any
Muslim believe it or not I'm not making
a comment about any individual not not
about any Muslim it's about the
system the system
says for at least some of them the
extremists you got to do everything in
your that you can just everything in
order to you know become an Islamic
Nation so if you have some people who
take big risks
they almost always end up in charge have
you noticed that the people who are the
most extreme usually end up in
charge that's not an accident the more
extreme you are the more you're going to
fail but also if you win you're going to
be in
charge right have you noticed that CEOs
of major companies tend to be
Psychopaths like there's a there's a
higher ratio of psychopaths were
government leaders and CEOs
this is that the Psychopaths tend to do
what you need to do to gain power that
regular people would say well I'm not
going to go that far I'm not going to
kill somebody for power but the
Psychopaths might so over time the
Psychopaths always take
control and if you don't want these
Psychopaths to control the non
Psychopaths who would then be a big
enough
group to impress their their views on
the larger country then you need to
decrease the rate
immediately so this is this is the part
that I think all Democrats get wrong
which is if you just looked at it common
sensical it doesn't look like a problem
or it looks like a temporary one you
know one one that gets absorbed if
you're Republican you've learned that
this little uh this little extremist
group will affect the larger extremist
group and once you get to about 10% uh
Islamic you know real desire it pretty
much is the end of the country in terms
of being
non-islamic so when I look at England um
I see they they've already
fell I don't think it's
recoverable now I I hope it is I hope
it's recoverable but I don't see a way
because I think that they're they're
already past the Tipping Point now in
the United States I think this 10%
number is closer to 1% you can fact
check me on that but I think it is so in
the United States we we we are not over
the Tipping Point and maybe with Trump
we won't get there we were heading for
it we're heading for it we are at the
Tipping Point in one part of the United
States so there may be I don't know
Detroit or you know places in the
country where there's a big
concentration where there's a big
concentration I'm going to make a
prediction I think that if you fast
forward there will be a part of the
United States they'll probably ask to
succeed and become an Islamic nation in
the middle of our country I think that's
possible it might even happen but I
don't think the United States will go
Islamic uh on the whole As Long As Trump
and reasonable Common Sense people are
in charge so they they have to
understand this though if they don't
understand that the 1% affects the 10%
that affects the whole the whole if they
don't get that and they think it's just
a a risk
they're
doomed all right so to me that answers
the question is England intentionally
becoming an Islamic country and the
answer is I don't think they are doing
it intentionally I think they don't
understand that they did it because I
think they were operating on the
Democrat model of hey immigration always
worked before but as soon as you take in
a group that doesn't want to assimilate
or at least small part of them don't
want to assimilate you're doomed
um viig grad 24 which is an account onx
pointed out that uh you know
how uh mcon is complaining that Elon
Musk is getting involved in their
politics in another country and they say
h we don't want
billionaires influencing politics in
another
country and uh visit grad 24 points out
that billionaires George Soros and Bill
Gates interfered with European politics
for ades you know spending huge sums to
get what they wanted in other countries
so is musk the one billionaire who is
trying to influence things in other
countries or is it the most normal thing
that's ever happened it looks pretty
normal and I am now on the side of uh
Elon Musk and I I hate that he converted
me because this just seemed so dumb when
he first said it honestly which is dumb
to think that anything he says is
dumb so so I started out as dumb uh just
by thinking that he had the wrong
opinion but musk says there's no
explanation for George soros's activity
unless he just hates Humanity now the
first time I heard that I was like oh
come on you he doesn't hate Humanity
like who hates
Humanity but the more I watch him I
don't see another explanation because
unlike the average Democrat George Soros
would be completely aware that some some
rate and flow rate of uh of Muslim
immigration turns your country Islamic
now he might not
care uh and but it's hard for me to
imagine that he sees that as the better
world as opposed to people staying
roughly in the in the system that they
prefer instead of trying to go somewhere
else and change the system
so I can't rule out the fact that must
might be right that the only thing
driving it is a hatred of the hatred of
humanity I don't really see what else it
could be and and the fact that the Soros
don't do they don't do interviews so
nobody can ask them why are you doing
this like what are what is this and if
they're not willing to do interviews and
they're not willing to answer the
question we do have a right to assume
the worst we might be wrong about it but
if they're only giving us one uh one
possible explanation which is you're
literally evil and trying to destroy the
world and everything you do seems to be
clearly in that model what are we
supposed to think so if the Soros is in
this case Alex Soros if he's not willing
to do regular interviews with this
massive amount of money and it appears
to be destructive to the country I think
we have a right to assume it's intended
that way
design you know if a design does one
thing over and over again and it isn't
changed and people could change it then
it's
intentional if it were happening
accidentally or just temporarily I'd say
oh oh somebody made a mistake didn't
mean that but this is clearly intended
because it's G on so long in this exact
way and
increased meanwhile because karma has
come to visit the view one of The View
host Sunny host her husband is Accused
in this massive
Rico uh
bust he's accused of being one of many
people in the medical field who are
fraudulently billing insurance companies
for their cases and apparently it's so
widespread it's a RICO case um in New
York and I'm I'm just going to make one
prediction um by the way is my
imagination that Trump haters are having
a bad year even unrelated to
trump it just feels like too many
coincidences it feels like the Trump
effect but how in the world could this
be the Trump effect like how how did
that happen
anyway um I would add to this story that
I think we're going to find out that the
medical insurance fraud problem is way
bigger than you think I can't tell you
yet why I say that maybe I never will be
able to but I do have some information
is not generally known that would
certainly suggest that uh the medical
field is full of insurance fraud like
way worse than you thought and I'm not
talking about the crooks I'm talking
about the regular doctors you know the
the people who are good citizens because
I'll bet you Sunny host's uh husband who
appears you know highly skilled in some
medical field
um I'll bet you he was just a normal
doctor type not too different from any
other doctor who might be pulled into
this Rico thing I think they talk
themselves into it being okay somehow
like maybe they don't feel like they're
doing anything that illegal I don't I
don't know but my guess is it's way
bigger way bigger than you
think meanwhile just for fun the uh
after uh Zuckerberg said that meta is
going to get rid of their fact Checkers
and use some kind of community notes
things uh the New York Times had this
headline meta says fact Checkers were
the problem fact Checkers rule that
false now I assume that they knew they
were doing a humorous
headline but the funny part is it's it's
so similar to the Ridiculousness of the
reporting on a lot of political stuff
that uh you don't know if they meant it
as a joke
because that difference between jokes
and reality is just disappeared you you
look at it and go well that's obviously
an absurdity they would know that when
they wrote it so it must be a joke and
then you think oh but they don't know
anything else they say as an absurdity
why would this be the one thing that
they they spotted oh that's an absurdity
No Maybe not maybe they maybe they
didn't know that this is
ridiculous anyway so now we're getting a
lot of reaction
to Zuckerberg going I I'm not going to
say he went full magga but you know
hiring not hiring but choosing Dana
White as the board member you know a
really close friend of of trump uh
saying he's getting rid of factchecking
he's not going to be putting money into
the elections that was a big problem um
so he's doing all these things that seem
you know perfectly compatible with Trump
and I thought that was all good
so my take was oh that's all good great
you know good for him glad glad he's I'm
glad he's seen the uh the inefficiency
of what he was doing before didn't get
him what he wanted he's adjusted that's
exactly what I want to see so I don't my
standard is I don't judge people for
mistakes I don't think that's a good
standard if you judge people for
mistakes we all suck because we all make
mistakes but you could definitely judge
people for how they respond to a mistake
if you knew you made a mistake you got
caught or you figured it out yourself
and then you said all right to not make
that mistake again I will do the
following things you have my
respect now some people said I am so
clever about themselves not about me
people thought they were so clever that
they knew what Zuckerberg was really
about and they said things like he
bending the knee to Trump you know Trump
threatened him and he's just bending the
knee and Trump was asked did Trump think
that Trump's threats about Facebook and
I guess Zuckerberg himself did he think
that that made a difference to
Zuckerberg and Trump's answer was
probably I'd love to know what threats
he made um I believe they were just
threats that the legal system you know
sees them interfering with elections and
censoring and stuff so part of it is
that there seemed to be a credible
threat part of it is Facebook is being
challenged in a number of ways by the
government currently and it could get
worse I mean he would worry about it
could get worse and so it's complicated
and then some people said he's just
doing it for money Scott don't you
understand he's a terrible person he's
just doing this for money so here's my
take it's all those things and what's
wrong wrong with that what's wrong with
him doing it because the government is a
threat nothing that's just normal
business if the government is a threat
and you need the government to literally
be on your side in order for your
business to to to survive then you do
this that's not a mistake that's not
something to say oh you darn Zuckerberg
you bent the knee no he did what a good
leader should absolutely do 100% he
should change if what he was not if what
he was doing before didn't work and it
was obvious what to do to make it work
you do that change and that's what he
did now some people said but he's just
doing it for money to which I say that's
what a corporation is they do it for
money he should be doing it for money
that's exactly what he should be doing
for
money and then other people said he's
not a
patriot because he influenced that last
election in a way that you don't like
and that social media is damaging to
people's mental health well here's the
frame I would put on
that do you think that he thought he was
damaging people when he started Facebook
like when he started Facebook was he
like I know this damages people but I'm
going to do it anyway no it was already
a huge business by the time it became
obvious that people would get addicted
are there people addicted to Facebook
now is Facebook where you go well he
owns he owns Instagram so Instagram's
definitely more damaging to mental
health so there's definitely that so the
question of whether social media is
damaging to mental health I don't know
if the answer is nobody should be
allowed to have social media or that it
can't be a business see it seems to me
that the reasonable way to do it is to
figure out how to manage it and we
should learn how to live with it but
also the the service should have some
guard rails to you know maybe maybe keep
young people from overusing it something
like that so that seems like something
that is a problem that you couldn't have
known when you started the business when
it became known he seems to have shown
you know interest in addressing it maybe
you think you should do more everybody
always thinks you should do more other
people said why did it take him so long
and why is he doing it now and you know
my criticism that right everything good
feels like it took too long you can't
blame people for taking too long if if
they ended up where you want them to end
up just take the win everything takes
too long it's not one thing that
happened to him that one time he took so
long it's just everything all the time
that's good takes too long
so I would say this I think he's
completely transparent and when I say
he's a patriot I mean that I do believe
in my bones that he wants what's good
for
America and I believe that uh you can
tell why he probably was always
patriotic but you've noticed that he's
gotten into the the more manly sports
like he's beefed up he's he's obviously
you know Jim rat at this point he's
doing martial arts and uh and he said
that Trump was a badass when he took the
bullet those to me seemed completely
genuine and and his his selection of
Dana White on one hand it's Trump's
friend so you see it in that frame but
the other frame to see it in is he
really likes
MMA he probably just likes it and and my
guess is that you know Zuckerberg likes
hunting he likes he likes
capitalism he likes you know Combat
Sports I think you're wrong if you think
that he's a secret Democrat
my guess is he's always been closer to a
secret Republican but that wouldn't sell
so he probably wisely kept some of his
views to himself now I I'm sure he's in
favor you know if I had to guess he's
probably in favor of um I don't know
abortion but I'll bet you if you took
abortion off the
table and you just looked that what he
thinks works for the country what works
for business it wouldn't be that
different from your opinion that now I
can't be sure of that because I can't
read his mind but I I think you're
better off embracing the change you
don't have to love what he did the the
420 million is a big deal but but
imagine what bubble he was
in you know you all saw that the the
left were completely bubble IED and even
the smartest people on the left were
bubble IED what was it that got him out
at the bubble
it was kind of the fine people
hoax so remember uh Joe Rogan Elon Musk
a number of people have said the same
thing so I think all in pod said the
same thing uh that the fine people hoax
woke them up that maybe there were other
hoaxes and once they saw the you know
the entire web of hoaxes that seemed to
be limited to one side both sides can be
wrong both sides can be biased but only
one side was hoax after hoax after hoax
because they had the the media machine
to support the
hoaxes so if you were in that world you
think you would have done
better do you think that your all of
your brains and your common sense would
have allowed you unique among other
Democrats could you have been the one
person who knew that the news was lying
to you all the
time probably not I don't think I could
have yeah because I by the way I've been
in that bubble not not in 10 years but
I've been in that bubble where the
Republicans were the dumb ones and it
was just obvious to me man all the Smart
Ones are these Democrats I guess I I
guess I'm a Democrat and I would look at
all the things that Republicans said
because it's in my bubble and I'd say
that makes no sense why are they doing
that if you don't appreciate how strong
the bubble is then I don't think you can
see Zuckerberg completely here's what I
think happened and this is only
speculation I think he got redpilled by
the
hoaxes I can't prove it there's no
there's no even hint of it but if you
look what happened to the other
brightest people who escaped the bubble
it was the same way they escaped it the
same way realizing that they were being
lied to about just about everything and
once you get that then suddenly you go
all right now I'm open to the other
possibilities to me I think Zuckerberg
got red
pilled by maybe Peter
teal if if I had to pick one person cuz
you know teal has the the Facebook
connection and teal of course would know
what which ones are the hoaxes can you
imagine Peter teal having dinner I'm
just speculating I don't know that any
of this happened can you imagine Peter
Teel talking to
Zuckerberg and maybe unwinding some of
the hoaxes for
him I think what you're seeing is real
meaning I believe that Zuckerberg really
thought that he was on the side of
patriotism in the country and avoiding
problems when he helped the Democrats
try to avoid Hiller I think he thought
he was trying to avoid Hiller like
actually genuinely believed it and I
don't think that that is a flaw in his
character because a lot of good people
believed it remember Elon Musk believed
it Joe Rogan believed it at one point
and there's nothing wrong with their
characters that in my opinion so I I
think you're I wouldn't be hard on
Zuckerberg because to me it looks like
somebody who was trapped in a bubble
probably wishes he had his $420 million
back don't you think do you think he's
real happy about the $420 million he
wasted and could put him in jail and
bought him nothing but the destruction
of the country you think he's
celebrating that no he's probably
embarrassed again just speculating he's
probably
embarrassed so I would take the win I I
think that it and by the way he said
directly that that uh the country is
going in a
Direction that's historically a little
different and he's going with the
country that's everything I wanted from
him he he gave me everything I wanted so
I'm Pro Zuckerberg at the moment if
something else comes up I'll re-evaluate
but take the win people take the
win all right uh Trump is brilliant on
the Hamas
hostages um let me tell you what he said
and I'll tell you why it's so perfect he
said quote if those hostages aren't back
by the time I get into office and and
again that's just real soon just days
all hell will break out in the Middle
East and it will not be good for Hamas
and it will not be good frankly for
anyone now let me tell you how brilliant
that is number one he's using that fire
and fury technique that he used on North
Korea if you say if you do this we will
sanction you then they know exactly what
their risk is and probably they would go
ahead and do it anyway because they
could figure out how to handle sanctions
if you say I will bomb your certain
facilities then somebody might say well
I'll take the hit because you know we're
we're battling to the death anyway so
yeah you can you can blow up my missile
sites still going to
fight the more specific you are about
what you're going to do the more likely
it doesn't work you want to give people
a vague idea that it's going to be so
bad and almost defies description it's
going to be hell but the the magic part
of that the persuasive part the part
that hypnotist would know to do as well
is that the less specific you are it
allows everybody to imagine Their Own
Worst scenario so you might say oh let's
say if you're in Hamas you might say oh
my goodness he's just going to seal up
the tunnels and and just leave us there
or you might say my God is he he going
to kill all the Palestinians of course
he's not but they're they're going to
come up with their own worst case
scenario that'll be worse than anything
you could say so that's perfect and he's
keeping all his options open by not
overs specifying so so far he's perfect
but there's a better part that only
Trump would be smart enough to
do and this is what separates him right
this is what separates him you could
sort of imagine that some normal
politician could also be smart enough to
make a generic threat but one of the
things that Trump has going for him is
that he's credible he's already dropped
a mother of all bombs he's already
assassinate assassinated solom when
everybody said don't do it he also
destroyed Isis by telling the military
don't ask don't ask me what you need to
do just do what you need to do those are
some of the most badass things that ever
happened so when he says hell is
coming they know it's
real do you know why they know it's real
it's real it's not a bluff bluffing only
gets you so much this is not a bluff
this is not a bluff if you know anything
about Trump
that's not a bluff whatever it takes
he's going to do it and if you don't
give the hostages back welcome to
hell
so here's the smartest part he's
treating the hostage release as not part
of the negotiations because there would
be a larger negotiation to you know
what's the future of Gaza and you know
who who gets a pass and who gets to stay
and and those things the big mistake
that somebody like um Biden would make
if you're a bad negotiator you'd say
it's all part of the same conversation
there's you got the you got the hostages
you've got the what happens you've got
the you know all kinds of questions
let's put them all together which is a
typical thing to do you put them all
together so you have one kind of deal
that that deals with all those things
and once OS is perfectly happy with the
larger deal then they release the
hostages bad strategy the correct
strategy is if you don't want more
hostages to be taken and just repeat
this cycle the correct strategy is to be
eligible to have a conversation with us
release the
hostages so you don't put the hostages
in the same conversation with all the
other things you want to get done
because then then you're you're being
emotionally blackmailed and the the
families of the hostages are going to be
saying no uh let must be in charge again
uh just just let my relative go and
they're going to be emotional and it's
going to weigh on you you need to say
you release them before I'm in
office and we'll put that we'll put that
topic behind us and then we can talk so
the right way to do it is that you have
to release the hostages to buy a ticket
to have a real conversation with me but
until there until you get them your only
option is hell and hell is coming
hard that is perfect now is this likely
more likely to get the hostage is
killed it might it's an
unknown but given that it's an unknown
it makes it the right play and does it
decrease the chance that hostages will
be taken in the future yes as long as
you make it not part of any larger
negotiation you have one choice release
the hostages or hell and maybe that will
decrease future
hostages so it's perfectly right and
it's perfectly
simplified because um people will spread
the news that he's going to bring hell
because it's easy to repeat it's easy to
remember there's no details that's what
Trump does best he repeats he keeps it
simple he keeps it vague and he's got a
history that you know he's going to kill
solom manyi if he needs
to he wants to change Trump wants to
change the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of
America
now I don't know exactly what would be
involved in that because you got to
change the maps and I don't know might
be an AC of Congress margorie Taylor
green said she might be helping on
that we don't know how serious that is
but I love it here's why I love it if
it's called the Gulf of Mexico and
sometime in the future Mexico has a
dispute with us about resources or
access or control of the gulf people are
going to say Well it's it's the mexic
it's the Gulf of Mexico so I mean of
course Mexico should have a lot of
control it's named after him but they
don't own
it and and the United States is you know
circling at least I don't know 60% of
it so for the future of America where we
could be pretty sure that someday
there'll be some conflict in the Gulf
about who owns what name it after
America and then when you get into that
negotiation 10 years from now whenever
it happens you're going to say are you
serious Mexico you think you want to
have control over the Gulf of
America it's got America right in the
name it's ours and it would be easier to
get the United States public to back any
kind of forceful defense of the gulf
because it's the Gulf of America it's
like our land it's not our land but so
if you look at how Forward Thinking
Trump is is which is remarkable I think
he's looking at a 10 to 50e Advantage no
particular advantage on day one and I
think the the enemies will say but
there's nothing gained on day one why
would you do this it's not for day one
is for days someday in the future when
we're definitely going to have a
conflict about who gets what in the in
the Gulf it's brilliant this is
basically just brilliant now it's also
part of the larger thing where he's
where Trump seems to be intention
flooding The Zone with somewhat less
important but provocative things that we
like to talk about why am I talking
about the Gulf of America when it there
couldn't be anything less important to
my life because it's
fun you can't not talk about it it's
just sort of it's easy to talk about and
you understand it you don't have to do
any research it's just kind of fun so
the more fun things he gives us the the
less the the less the resistance will be
able to find their way in if if Trump
came and said look here's what I'm going
to do uh there only I have one top
priority and every day I'm going to talk
about whatever that is well then then
his opposition can say haha we know
exactly what to attack he's got that one
thing so we're going to have all of us
focus on that one thing and we'll just
take it down but if he gives them one
thing a day or three things a day and
they're all so interesting they take so
much of our attention he he's going to
split up the his opposition until they
don't what to attack it's like ah heyy
well I'm GNA go after that there's a new
one and and I think it's brilliant so
you could call it the Overton window or
whatever you want but he but he's
keeping them confused and overwhelmed
with
trumpisms these are just things that
he's the only person in the world would
do nobody else is going to talk about
Greenland which by the way uh there's
some reporting today that during his
first term there was actually some
motion toward uh an acquisition or some
kind of a deal with Greenland so it's
not crazy and I guess he he always knew
it wasn't
crazy all right um China looks like it's
making a move on Taiwan the according to
the Gateway pundit um a Chinese ship
that's kind of one of these mysterious
ships that's hard to track uh it's up to
no good and it cut one of the underseas
cables uh to
Taiwan now apparently it was intentional
and their thinking is that the way China
would try to take over Taiwan would be
with a long slow squeeze as opposed to
an invasion now Invasion might be just
too far meaning there there would be
military response you don't know where
it would end up but squeezing them
indefinitely and staying just below the
line that the United States wants to
start firing at them I hate to say it
might be a good strategy so first
they're going to cut off their internet
cables and then some smart people are
saying that what they would do next is
do a naval quarantine of the
island a quarantine is not a blockade a
blockade would stop everybody a
quarantine would let you know some
innocent ships in but they'd stop and
anything they wanted to stop so if you
cut the cables and you surrounded them
and you flew drones over them every day
and apparently the Chinese Navy has
greater military power than the United
States does in that area but if you
added Japan's Navy and South Korea's
Navy then then that alliance with the
United States would be bigger than
China's Navy but apparently South Korea
has got some political problems at the
moment and might not be functional so it
might be just the United States and
Japan which is more of a closer to
parody and not really what you want if
you're going going into some potential
conflict
now I hate to say that they China might
have a perfectly workable
strategy but it looks like they do I
don't know if it'd be enough to get the
Taiwan government or people to say all
right all right let's make a
deal I don't know but
you could see why they'd be doing
it I think uh CH Trump when he's in
office probably would turn up the
temperature on this until they back off
but I don't know we'll
see um there's a according to the
Gateway pundit also there's a a leaked
um report that uh the presidential
inauguration is Seeking a lot of medical
personnel so the thinking is that maybe
it's an unus ual request for medical
personnel for the
inauguration which would make you say uh
why do they think they need a extra
medical personnel and I would say
obvious they're they're worried about an
attack doesn't mean they know there's
going to be an attack but it's the
obvious place that you would want to
defend and the obvious place you'd want
to have a lot of medical people and
beyond that maybe they think there'd be
some protests or something I don't know
so it makes sense I don't think I'd have
to be espcially worried about the
increase in medical personnel that just
seems like being
smart and uh James O'Keefe I think is
the one who who found out about that um
memo all right here's another thing that
people keep telling me um I've been
saying things like I don't think uh the
large language model
AIS can improve much and they may be
reaching their limit and then the smart
people say to me Scott you you know I I
hate to be the one to tell you but you
uh you don't understand a
growth of course it's going to be the
kind of thing where the growth is slow
slow slow slow slow but when it you know
when it reaches this this point it's
going to be like quickly do everything
and that I don't understand the the the
normal rate of improvement of Technology
because when I say the current the
current kind of AI I think can't
do it can never be accurate that's my
opinion because it hallucinates and
people say ah you just don't understand
they just make it better here's my
counterargument how much better do you
do you have to make a bowling ball
before it's a
spaceship can you improve a bowling ball
until it's a rocket that will take you
to
Mars how long before an apple evolves
into an orange if you wait long enough
is going to happen quickly toward the
end it hasn't happened at all yet but
will there be a day when you're looking
at your orange and
all kind of rapidly turns into an apple
no so here's what where I differ on the
people who say Scott Scott Scott you
don't understand that this technology
will rapidly be able to do everything
and you know you'll look like a fool my
complaint about AI is that by its nature
it's an
orange and what we want is accuracy
which is an apple and there is no real
path for the orange to turn into an
apple there's definitely a path where a
slow microchip could be replaced with a
faster microchip I get
that there's definitely a path where an
electric car might not be great for the
uh
overall uh health of the planet on day
one but I understand how they'll just
keep getting better and when the
batteries are no longer lithium you know
it'll be the only way you want to live
maybe someday I get that but I don't
think the large language models have
that ability to improve like microchips
and electric cars I think that they're
an exception because there's something
built into the way they work that seems
unsolvable the hallucinating now you
might say to me but Scott they're just
going to add you know regular
programming to the AI and then when the
AI needs to know something that's like a
fact it'll just go to that document and
use regular programming then tell you
what it said and then it'll be accurate
to which I say if it could do that it
would have already done
it it can't do that because it doesn't
have the it doesn't have the ability to
just remember and accurately go look at
a document and tell you what it said
that seems to you like the easiest thing
it could possibly do but you're thinking
of traditional
programming so is it possible that the
AI AIS will be augmented with just
normal programming and maybe you're just
using the AI as the interface to talk to
it but what is really doing the hard
work is just regular programming behind
the scenes that might happen so I do
think that that will happen some kind of
you know Nexus between the two but at
the moment I don't think the AI can even
call up the
document like even the most basic thing
I don't think it can do it and I don't
know how they would change it to make it
do it
so I'm going to bet against it partly
recreationally I'd like to be wrong and
and I don't think AGI has been solved
but Sam mman says it is so he would know
more than I would obviously but I'm
going to bet against it all right
yesterday I had a lot of fun you if
you've watched me a long time you know
one of the things I like to do is put
myself in embarrassing situations if I
think something good could come of it
because unlike most of you I don't have
that feeling of
embarrassment so I waited into the
quantum Computing conversation yesterday
with my own opinion and of course I
don't know about Quantum Computing so
even though I did a semi Deep dive to
find out how it
works um I'm certainly no
expert so here's what I think I found
out and it got a huge reaction when I
posted on X I said uh here are the
things I learned no one knows how or why
quantum computers work no one not the
experts no one now that would be
provocative because you've probably
heard it explained a million times if
you follow that you've heard it
explained how they work so you're saying
to yourself of course they know how it
works if they didn't know how it works
they couldn't create it and they've
already created it you know in
experimental so obviously theyve built
one Scott they built one obviously they
know how it
works no no they
don't let me tell you what they say when
when uh when you ask how Works they say
things like this now this is not an
exact quote but it's like this um the
way it works the way quantum computer
figures out the truth is that uh they
they use the
amplitudes of statistical likelihood and
then they interfere with other
amplitudes of statistical likelihoods
and it rules out some possibilities then
you keep doing that until you reach the
correct
answer does that make sense to
you let me let me tell you what it
sounds like I'm going to give you the
worst analogy in the world but it'll get
you close to what my problem is right so
remember analogies are not meant to be a
precise description of what's Happening
an analogy is just to open up your brain
to like a different frame you could put
on the thing that's real so the analogy
is not real it's not trying to be
that it's just to make a point all right
so imagine you're in a room with a
closed door and the answer to your
question whatever it is is on the other
side of the door and you have no access
to open the door and no you can't hear
anything see anything you don't know
what's on the other side of the door but
you need to figure out what it is using
your quantum computer so you take some
dice and you roll the
dice and of course that doesn't tell you
anything right it's a you got seven
what's that tell you but if you use more
than one set of uh of
dice then you've got two sets of
statistics and then you can take the one
set of Statistics oh I got a seven on
this one and a nine on this one and then
you have them
interfere and it's the interference of
these statistical things that are
happening with your dice that tells you
what's on the other side of the
door does that make sense
how how do your dice tell you what's on
the other side of the
door that's what quantum computer
pretends to do it it says it's telling
you what's on the other side of the door
using nothing but statistical
math that's not a
thing that's not a thing you can't know
what's on the other side of the door if
you have no feedback and and by the way
quantum computer does say very clearly
there's no feedback from the solution it
simply goes to
it it just goes to it it doesn't use
logic it doesn't
calculate it doesn't use some process
that anybody has ever Ed to figure out
what's true it just goes to the answer
and the way it does it is by statistical
tricks which if you interfere the two
statistical techniques it cancels out
things and then you're left with the
right answer how in the world many times
do you have to throw dice in the room
all by yourself to know what's on the
other side of the door and the answer is
you can't ever get there there's nothing
about the dice that's going to tell you
what's on the other side of the door now
the people who understand Quantum
Computing are going to come in and say
that is the worst analogy ever well
they're right the only point I'm making
is you can't have random numbers tell
you what's on the other side of the door
and that's what that's what the quantum
computers do doing so how's it
work given that there's no way it could
work why does it work because they've
already used it and they've solved
problems that would take you know to the
end of time for a regular computer and
now the only reason they know they've
solved it is they take the solution and
put it in a regular computer and then
the regular computer if it knows the
solution can check that is right but it
couldn't figure out the the answer on
its
own so here's what I I think I think
that Quantum Computing is not proof that
we have multiple Dimensions as some
people say because there's no evidence
of any multiple Dimensions there might
be multiple Dimensions but there's
nothing about Quantum Computing that
gives you any insight about multiple
Dimensions any any more than the dice do
the multiple Dimensions would be if I
throw one set of dice it's a seven and I
I throw the other one a nine so that's
two Dimensions right no it's not it's
just
statistics so I think that they found a
way to hack the simulation source
code if you're sitting in a room and you
want to know what's on the other side of
the door and you have no access to it
but imagine you were in a video
game and you could just open up like the
cover and see the
code then could you sit in your room if
you saw the code for the entire
simulation and could you find the part
that tells you what's happening on the
other side of the
room there's no other way this could
work this has to be something like a
proof that we live in a simulation
because there is no access to the
information on the other side of the
door unless you're doing a a Kobayashi
Maru and you're cheating the system so
this is literally cheating Reality by
finding the source code of the
simulation poking around in it and then
you find out what must be on the other
side the
door now as
ridiculously um simplistic and wrong as
my analysis is what you'd expect would
be all the smart people would say oh God
can you just stay in your stupid
cartooning Lane can you stop acting like
you somehow have discovered something
you stupid stupid
cartoonist but that didn't happen
instead all the people who had looked
into it said yeah you nailed
it and more than that later in the day
and I didn't know this was going to
happen um the CEO of Nvidia who
definitely has looked into Quantum
Computing says he doesn't think it would
be practical maybe for as long as 30
years which means exactly what I said it
doesn't look like it's really going
anywhere except some niche
some Niche applications it's not going
to be on your desktop it's not even
built to do that it can't do
that um and then there was an article
published about the same time maybe
yesterday I don't I don't know when this
was published but I saw it yesterday or
today
Martinelli you know
Martinelli he's provocative character
but he wrote a long piece in uh in which
he said you should short or sell all
your quantum Computing stocks because
they're worthless because there's no
business there and it never will
be and he explains why now I think I was
a lot closer on this than I even I was
expecting because I would have been
happy if I embarrassed myself in public
with how stupid I am but that it led to
somebody smart explaining it to me in a
way that made
sense nope the people who tried to
explain it to me just did word salad
well but but Scott we used the something
called the the Oracle feature that
decides uh how to roll the dice and uh
that's why it works and I'll be like
well you didn't tell me anything there
like why does it work because it's a the
statistics and it interferes and then it
goes through the like you don't know why
this works do no nobody knows why it
works
anyway last story is that according to
BM J group cardiorespiratory Fitness is
linked to better cognitive abilities in
old
people is that backward
science so if we know that the old
people who are doing more Fitness stuff
have better brains is that because the
fitness and the exercise causes their
brain to be better
or is it equally or more likely that the
people who have good genes are more
likely to exercise because they can and
if you had good genes for your body and
your body was able to handle exercise
and feel good about it isn't it kind of
at least a little bit likely that your
brain being part of your body is part of
something that's a good
machine it probably works both ways I do
think exercise is good for your brain
but I feel like people with good brains
and bodies are more likely to
exercise so might work both ways
backward science that's all I got for
you today sorry I took so long um but I
wanted to do that whiteboard thing let
me just ask you before before I uh go
private with the locals people was the
immigration discussion
useful and and did it help
you see it a little differently and
understand why we're looking at we think
we're talking about the same thing but
we're kind of not when it comes to
immigration I I just want to see if that
was useful because if it was I might
clip it
but if you tell me well that was a waste
of time then I won't clip it is it
clippable I'm seeing some
yeses all
right um okay I'm getting lots of yeses
to clip it all right so I'll clip that
you'll see it at some
point you know I never think about
clipping it when I'm doing it um I would
do it a lot tighter and faster if I knew
it was going to be a clip but should be
okay it'll be
okay all
right good oh good you liked it all
right I'm going to say hi to the locals
people privately for the rest of you I
will see you um tomorrow same time same
place have a good day locals coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e