everybody this is a special coffee with
Scott Adams feature without the coffee
I've got a guest today we were joined
with Dr Carmen Simon who uh has a new um
a new community on locals that you could
find at memorable. locals.com did I get
that right that's correct yes and you
are going to learn three different uh
tricks or tips you could call them for
being more memorable in your business or
personal life or whatever you want to do
but mostly business business I think and
three tricks to be more memorable which
makes you more persuasive I know you all
want to be more persuasive so
welcome Carmen thank you so much and
welcome everyone it's um good to create
memories in people's brains because they
will act in your favor based on what
they remember not on what they forget so
thank you so much for inviting me that
the sunon shifted a little bit so you
disappeared in the glare of Sun so if
you can move a little bit oh there you
go perfect
now part of the excitement is I'm using
the rumble Studio where I'm going to try
to go to three different pieces of
content and split screens and so there's
a little bit of experimenting going on
we did a little practice this should
work so uh once you queue up the the
first trick and maybe maybe tie it to
something that's happening in the world
so people can see how relevant it is
when I created the memorable locals
platform I was looking to find the
intersection between what's going on in
the world like you're mentioning and
also Al brain science that helps us
become memorable and persuasive and um
one event that caught my attention
recently and I'm sure that everybody
here joining us knows about is the
astronauts that were stuck in um the
International Space Station and now Elon
Musk has to go and rescue them somehow
and I was reading an article about them
and they're telling their story about
having to see the shuttle move away from
them and how hard that was to watch also
they were telling us about their work
and how they can do some of that work
even upside down so those are details
that are interesting but can you relate
to working upside down not as much as a
piece that I was able to relate to a
later on in the article where they were
talking about the fact that when you
work in space you have no joint
pain working upside down versus reading
about joint pain one is more relatable
than uh than the other piece so that's
going to be tied to a lesson a mini
lesson that you're about to to watch so
Scott is going to share with you and um
how using something that is relatable
and familiar to somebody else's brain is
going to attract extra attention and
create extra memory so we can see it in
action all right we're g we're going to
try to go to the brief little clip that
shows you that all right so if uh I do
everything right in a moment you're
going to see that
play they discover themselves when
people see themselves in their
experiences reflected in the content it
activates areas of the brain associated
with self- referential processing which
is connected to engagement and memory to
make this happen avoid space travel
skydiving or Mountain metaphors they are
cliche and more importantly they are not
relatable in this example the design is
decent but few people can relate to it
because only a few people actually get
to travel to space so the metaphor is
too abstract instead choose metaphors or
examples of a concrete relatable
experience the after version shows a
universal experience it's a simple move
and a metaphor for testing new Waters or
starting new Ventures so consider
grounding your metaphors in common
scenarios this is helpful because the
brain processes familiar scenarios
quickly and easily and your audience is
likely to associate familiar scenarios
with personal memories and emotions
after all what do you relate to better
thrill seeking parachute jumping peep
climbing Adventures or navigating a
backyard pool without
incident all right so so this that that
reminds me very much of a humor trick
which is if you're doing a story about
if you're telling a joke let's say
you're a stand-up comedian uh if you
tried to tell a joke about all right
imagine going up to the space station
and you're weightless and people are
going to be like uh but if you said all
right you know how when you're commuting
and there's always that guy who cuts you
off and you're like oh yeah I know that
so is it is that is what I'm saying kind
of close to what you're what you're
talking about it it is very close and
you can use this technique whether
you're developing content for other
people or whether you're consuming
content yourself and you're wondering
why is it that some pieces of
information attract my attention more so
than other pieces of information and I
tend to remember them later a little bit
uh a little bit better the moment that
you can see your yourself and your
reflection in some experiences that
people are describing then the attention
is uh is more guaranteed and the memory
is more likely and um those images don't
always have to have to be physical
images they could be powerful words
sometimes even with descriptive words
you can build a mental picture in
somebody's else's mind unfortunately
what I'm seeing in business is that so
many things are so abstract and so
generic and uh even if they're at a
metaphorical level like people using the
space shuttle as a metaphor and you
can't really relate to because how many
of us get to fly in space and and work
upside down right as you're talking
there's something hilarious happening
kind of simultaneously which uh the
audience doesn't know we we tested this
we had the lighting and the sound and
everything but the the
sun uh is moving as we're talking and
changing in the window it's completely
washing you out and and I'm moving
around the Sun yes but but one of the
things that you teach in being memorable
is that the the mistake is the one you
remember right yes so you're sort of
accidentally becoming super memorable by
the fact that the sun is chasing you
around because this is a perfect example
because anybody who's ever tried to do
any kind of a zoom call you you think
you've got everything set up and then
the cat comes in or the kid comes in or
the sun changes or the you know somebody
starts the Jackhammer
outside yes all right so let's see if
Let's uh queue up the second one so the
F first tip we got what's the second one
so the first tip we got which was um
grounding experiences in people's
relatable experiences and you don't say
generic and cliche like the space
shuttle metaphor the second one um
dawned on me when recently Apple did a
very clever branding so when the world
knows about AI as in artificial
intelligence there comes apple and
starts talking about Apple intelligence
so I like the Twist on the familiar so
the next example that you're going to
see and practical guideline that you can
use has to do with playing off of the
familiar and jolting the brain out of
its
habituation all right let's do that one
if my technology works the way I want it
to ideas or Services really are this
slide works for several reasons here is
one the image takes advantage of
predictive coding you see the brain
continuously generates predictions about
sensory input and corrects errors when
reality doesn't match expectations this
slide disrupts the brain's predictions
with an unexpected image the prediction
error forces the audience to pay closer
attention to the message since the
detail on the slide invites correcting
prediction errors the brain is extra
vigilant for a moment and you will get
extra attention to the next life too so
can you break a pattern that the brain
has learned to predict in your next
[Music]
presentation all right so summarize that
one I like that one because it's
building off of the Apple in terms of
the image as well but if you were able
to notice the bti up pair instead of the
bit up Apple that's where the slight
element of surprise appears and surprise
biologically speaking is always bad for
the brain and why is that because the
brain is built to have a predictive
function we always want to know what
happens next we may not always be
accurate but the coding is in there we
want to code the prediction and when
there is an error we will remember that
uh that moment because what is a
surprise but a failure to predict what
happens next obviously through a
sequence if you create some content on
your own you can't afford that many
surprises because you don't want the
brain to spend extra energy on
processing everything of it as if it's
uh a little bit jolty but every so often
if you use these moments they can be
small but very potent in terms of
attracting attention and creating a
memory R Trace so would you say that uh
simply making somebody stop and think
about a thing is what's causing it to to
be more memorable so so hnst always talk
about repetition is what is persuasive
and if I see something that's spelled
wrong or it's just not the ordinary way
you say the thing I'll read the sentence
then I'll read that again and I'll think
huh that's not ordinary then I'll read
it again then I'll think about it and
then I'll read it again and then I just
remember it forever so so is so is the
essence of the predictive coding one
that if somebody's predicting it's going
another way and it doesn't they just
have to spend a little more processing
on it right exactly you're going to go
back and review it like you said and um
you have that brief Eureka moment that
small moment of oh an an aha type of
reaction and um when uh when you have
that it's almost like thinking in slow
motion so the world just stops for for
one moment of course next time you're
not going to be taken by surprise this
is why from the brain's perspective the
difference between what you expect would
happen and what actually happens is how
the brain learns that's why even though
biologically surprises are bad for us we
do appreciate them because it's a
learning moment it's a teachable moment
I sometimes say that Consciousness is
nothing more than the difference between
what you predicted would happen next and
then what you experienced oh I like that
definition that's that's a whole
different conversation but I always
think that that's the the essence of who
we are predicting and then adjusting to
the prediction I like that definition
and also it's important to Define terms
correctly because sometimes people use
surprise and Novelty interchangeably but
they are different novelty is something
that you haven't seen or experienced
before surprise which is where the
predictive um error happens is something
that you did experience before but did
not expect this is why even as you're
about to approach some area where you
know you might fall you might slip and
actually do fall and slip part of that
is going to tell your brain oh I knew it
this is why I told you so with your
spouses for instance or your friends
feel so juicy to the brain because your
brain could see it coming okay all right
number three set us up for the third one
visual Demand versus a visual offer
what's that mean so the third one that
um we have um I was reminded of it when
I was reading some articles and I know
that um P Diddy has been in your news
and in your shows for for quite some
time because of um recent stories and I
was reading an article about him and in
the article somebody had posted pictures
of him looking directly at the viewer so
his eyes are almost piercing yours
whereas other pictures we're showing him
looking away from the viewer in design
that's called visual demand when
somebody's looking right at you versus
visual offer when they're looking away
from you but still offering a
perspective that you could uh you could
process so let's see this brief in the
lesson and we can talk about it all
right this this one's a little subtle so
I've got some questions on this
one in a previous video we talked about
avoiding cliche images of people by not
showing their faces if you do have to
show their faces here are some things to
consider show real people to convey
authenticity this slide from a tech
company shows engineers at work and play
another example from a biotech company
combines superhero bodies with real
faces from an engineering team when you
don't have photos of real people and
need to use stock photos you have a
choice you can show people looking
directly at the viewer creating a visual
demand this type of image asks you to
create a relationship with the subject
in contrast when you show a person
looking away you create a visual offer
this image allows a viewer to observe
without needing to engage directly it
can evoke curiosity and offer context
without being so aggressive next time
you include people in your designs
consider visual Demand versus visual
offer since a visual demand asks the
viewer to connect with the subject it
can fall flat because the connection
isn't authentic a visual offer can feel
more relaxed and
genuine all
right so the some of the language um you
know is a little scientific said
sounding but if I if I could summarize
that so we we just watched the VP debate
we I won't make this political but it's
a perfect example where they did a split
screen of the two
debaters and the the photos that ended
up being memes were with uh one of The
Debaters uh doing a little bit of a side
eye like this and one of them looking
straight into
it and I I thought to myself that if
that's the meme you
compatible with with what you're saying
the Vance was offering a softer you know
sort of a a side eye yeah which was both
interesting because of the side eye but
also he wasn't right in your face and
then the other side was looking right at
you and and so that would be the the
Demand right yes yes the demand is I'm
looking right at you be my friend vote
for me love me love me and that's that's
a tougher sell it is then you know I'm
looking over here maybe you should look
over there too exactly and that's the
offer that you're making so you're
expanding the horizons a little bit and
you're coming across as as less
aggressive this is important for us in
design and obviously as we construct a
lot of business content because of those
cliche photos that I mentioned and
sometimes we just cannot get away from
using people photos for those who want
to humanize a presentation in some way
or some content so there are some some
reasons but you just have to be cautious
because sometimes things come across so
cliche when people cannot possibly
relate to somebody who's so happy on a
Monday morning being at work and looking
right at you now uh for the audience you
how many of these uh little videos where
you would learn a new thing in just what
a minute or two minutes how many of
those do you have on locals now at
memorable. locals.com so far there's a
gallery of about 50 of them and um I
post three a week so hopefully as you
decide to join us the gallery keeps uh
keeps growing and you would have access
to not only the science principles
behind memorable content but one of the
satisfying pieces for me is good design
I think good design can uh can change
the world don't you well I hope
so yeah I I I often say design is
Destiny if you get designed right so
would you call these micro lessons they
will definitely be micr lessons I really
take great pride when um I construct
something and people can use that
Principle as early as that after
afternoon whether they design content
themselves or whether you're sometimes
questioning why is it that a piece of
information attracts my attention or
stays on my mind a little bit more or
strongly than um another piece of
information right and I should note for
the audience that uh all of your stuff
is based on actual science it's not
somebody's opinion so so it's not like a
like a body language
expert it's more like somebody's
actually studied what what's the brain
doing in these situations
I do I um I look to see what happens
underneath the human skull and how
people process information and how they
um eventually remember it and also in
those Neuroscience studies that I
conduct that's why the design has to be
impeccable because you'll be ashamed to
spend so many resources on conducting a
neuroscience study and not show the
brain something that already is optimal
on top of that you tweak things just
slightly right uh you know uh speaking
of faces one here's a little anecdote
just to just round this off years ago
Newsweek back when Newsweek was more of
a real publication uh they asked if uh
I'd want to draw Dilbert for the cover
and they said but we haven't decided
we're going to put Dilbert there we're
we're testing a female face and I said
really you can test a comic against a
real attractive female face and you
think that's going to be close and
they're like well you know could go
either way you never know and I'm
thinking this is a total waste of my
time because one of the things I had
learned long ago you can't beat a human
face especially if it's female
especially if it's especially if it's
attractive there's no such thing as a
comic that can beat that for in terms of
will you pick it up and will you buy it
at the news stand so so important it's a
humbling remark that you're making
because even in Neuroscience we've had
an epiphany lately we used to believe
that the processing of a human face is
automatic so it requires very few
cognitive resources more recently we
have the ability to take the signal from
the EEG signal for instance in my case
from the brain areas that are
responsible for processing something
that is a little bit heavier so a
heavier cognitive workload and are able
to superimpose it on an image so let's
just say those cliche pictures that you
showed in the mini lessons with people
looking at the phones and being very
happy the moment that you have a face on
there we recognize that there is
cognitive processing that is happening
right on the face so processing faces is
not as automatic as we thought they
would be so now we have choices if you
really want to embed some in your in
your communication just be very cautious
because they will demand some cognitive
effort I've got a uh hypothesis on top
of all this which is if you're going to
invent an app or some kind of consumer
good and it's got lots of faces on it
you're going to do well because you
think about it Facebook is literally
about faces Instagram faces Tik Tok
faces uh dating is faces tenders faces
uh faces work if you can find a new
reason just whatever that reason is to
have a bunch of faces uh you're three
quarters of your way to success because
people are just drawn to faces you can't
turn it off if you wanted to and that
means we now know from Neuroscience that
there's engagement with the faces and
now in light of this mini lesson you
might have some choices as to whether
you position them in front of the view
or looking right at them or being a bit
less intrusive and looking away yeah
there's you could have a whole uh
science on just best way to show a
face all right so uh we'll we'll keep it
to these three great tips and they can
find you uh um in subscription right you
have a pay wall up do you have the
payall there's a yeah there is a pay
wall up so there is the the $7 a month
but um hopefully that's um a small price
for big guidelines that can make a
difference and if you've got an employer
it would be the cheapest amount of money
you could ever spend to turn your employ
into a superpower there's going to be a
lot of tips in there all right Dr Carmen
Simon they can find you at memorable.
locals.com is there anything else you
want to mention you got a new book out
uh there is a book it's which is called
made you look and it works in
concordance with the mesons that are
part of the memorable local platform and
um it's also a book that has a visceral
experiences I'm I'm I really enjoying
things that are tactile and uh as you
browse the pages you'll be reminded not
only of some of these guidelines but um
also ground your your experience in
something that is physical which also
helps with attenion and memory all right
and now let me ask the audience are you
more likely to remember this because the
lighting problems that we had and and
the continual adjustments and the answer
is yes you are and that there's the
there's another thing you just learned
all right thanks for joining and uh
we'll we'll have you back and uh
appreciate you taking the time thank
thank you thank you so much thank you
byebye
bye e