how do did you do to to hey everybody
come into here quickly gonna talk about
one topic today gonna be fairly short I
think unless there's some new news that
just happened in the last two minutes
while you guys are all pouring in here
let me just check the headlines doesn't
look like anything look doesn't look
like anything big dude alright so many
of you probably means Oh many of you
probably watched Ben Benjamin
Netanyahu's presentation about the
Iranian nuclear program which they got
somehow with their spy network got a
bunch of documents from Iran and let me
score his presentation for persuasion
all right I have told you before if
you've read my book win big Li you know
that some of the you know there's some
of the strongest persuasion or really
the strongest persuasion BarNone is fear
so when you're talking about your your
nemesis has nuclear weapons the fear
goes up to a you know DEFCON 100
immediately so on the fear persuasion
pretty good because nuclear wars sort of
an ultimate fear secondly I've told you
that visual persuasion is very important
that Yahoo used tons of really good
visual persuasion I would say that the
quality of his visual persuasion was
perfect it would be hard to imagine it
better than better than it was done so
two strong dimensions of persuasion he
just nailed those two now he also had
repetition so you saw that even though
he used different evidence he would go
back to the pattern of
you know here's here's Iran saying
they're not doing this here's the
documents showing they are here is
another Iranian leader saying we've
never had nuclear weapons
here's more documents showing they are
now what's interesting if some of you
were on the periscope in which I had a a
guest joel Pollak senior editor at large
for Breitbart he knows a lot more about
this area than I do and most people do
and he was sort of explaining the the
layout the canvas over there what's the
situation with Iran and the nuclear
weapons and I asked the following
question I said can you can you give me
some historical context for how often
does the Iranian regime make a public
claim which they sort of stake their
reputation on and then we find out later
it's false and when we were talking we
didn't really have any research on it so
we couldn't come up with any examples
but it was the important but it was the
important point because here here's
here's why this is important if you
think that that the Iranians are
credible when they make a public claim
yeah and that they had said we want to
get rid of our nukes we're playing along
you could you could get away with having
a bad actual deal because as long as
their intentions were good and they were
honest dealers if he needed to tweak
something you could because they're
being transparent etc but if it turns
out that the Iranian regime just lies
just blatantly lies about important
things that you know that matter to to
us then and here's the important thing
it kind of doesn't matter how good your
deal is because you could have the
tightest deal in the world but if the
people who make the deal don't plan to
keep it just doesn't matter how good
that deal is they're going to find a way
around it likewise if there
honest brokers you know if they're
honest players you could have a sketchy
deal and would probably still be okay
because everybody has the right
intentions so understanding the level of
their credibility is completely
important for whatever happens there
so Netanyahu did a great job of showing
that their credibility for promising to
do something as close to zero at least
on this issue now let me say as clearly
as I can that just because it's
persuasive doesn't make it true
all right there's a difference there are
things that are very persuasive that
exactly true and it wouldn't be
impossible to imagine that we can learn
some context later the changes things
let me give you let me give you the the
character point to Dania who is
presentation without without let's say
without was saying any of it's false
because as far as I know it's not I
think it's I think everything that in
Yahoo said is probably true but let me
give you the other frame for it there
was a little bit of conflating what Iran
had done in the past with what they're
doing now so it was a little conflating
there but what I heard I think is that
Iran used to lie about having a nuclear
program but clearly did the documents
show that quite clearly but it it
appears that at least the biggest parts
of that may have been wound down or
maybe we can visit them and find out so
it's not as clear what the current
situation is he Netanyahu did make a
good argument for the the head of the
illegal atomic program being cleverly
transitioned to just an
their department with another name but
carrying on the work perhaps in secret
but that but that evidence was a little
less less demonstrated right and we we
conflated our mind the clear evidence
that they were doing it and they did lie
that part seems unambiguous that gets a
little conflated with what exactly is
happening right now you know now as I've
said before if you're Israel you have to
treat it like it's a mortal threat and
everything Iran says is you know
basically a lie and that they're
developing nuclear weapons to wipe you
out so Israel can't really treat this
like there's some doubt or maybe we
don't know they kind of have to treat it
like it's dead serious because it is for
them it may be for other people as well
so my guess is that this presentation
annihilated any possibility that the
Iran deal you know can be salvaged in
some form that looks just like you know
similar to what it is so I think that
killed killed the the Iranian nuclear
deal but I also saw some yeah I also saw
some evidence that Iran was pulling out
of the deal themselves but I'm not I'm
not sure that's a little fuzzy what's
going on there but it's fair to say that
the well you could almost say that the
deal is already is already pulled for
all practical purposes the Iranian
nuclear dear deal is kind of over and
I'm not sure that's bad because we
needed to negotiate a better deal and if
you start with one that's you know
people think is 80% done you're a little
less flexible than if you just you know
wipe the table and say all right start
from scratch let's build a deal that we
can all live with so probably we're
ahead
you know just scrapping what we had to
be able to you know start in on
something that makes more sense but time
will tell so so my grade for persuasion
on Netanyahu's presentation is a plus if
it were a different type of presentation
let's say later where they were talking
about you know the the bigger picture if
it wasn't appropriate for this
presentation but later it would be
useful to do the contrast principle
where you say if you keep doing what
you're doing with nuclear weapons you
know it's going to be a catastrophe but
you know look what happens if you don't
you like that this other world is
awesome you know Iran can be you know
their economy can zoom everybody's happy
nobody's going to be killed so later and
maybe not too much later you want to
start drawing the two pictures one where
things go wrong one where things are
wonderful choose one
alright look at Kanye's recent tweets I
will do that I may have already talked
about that but let's see what Kanye is
up to you in the last five minutes
because you know things change things
change fast so he's got a Candace
Owens drawing and his whiteboard oh my
god he's got all kinds of stuff going on
here it's almost too much to talk about
[Music]
Wow okay so he's he's just got a lot of
stuff going on right now how many heads
explode if Trump solves both North Korea
and Iran it's totally possible now
somebody says Netanyahu's been
screeching about this since the 90s
trying to get us into a war well I'll
tell you what's what's clearly different
from yesterday and from any time up to
this point that the evidence he
presented today feels conclusive you
know if you had any doubts about what
Iran was doing and I did I kind of you
know assume they were up to no good but
it you know didn't didn't know the
extent of it looks like it looks like
that's proven now all right yeah the
last thing Israel wants is a war with
Iran that would be an enormous problem
how was I left of Obama on gay marriage
somebody who's asking me well my
understanding is that Obama was a little
bit slow in accepting gay marriage so I
got there before he did and I was left
of Obama on marijuana because he was
slow on that
so and I was left of Obama on abortion
because he would he would want it to be
legal and I would want women to make the
decision and men to recuse themselves
which is as left as you can get so those
are some examples by the way I was
referring to a post I put in my blog
trying to fact-check the the critics who
were having some opinions about me that
seemed inaccurate all right that's all I
got today say for this afternoon I've
got other work to do I'll talk to you
later