bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum pop hey
everybody come on in here hey Andrew
come on in is everybody sleeping or in
church Kyle Duke Pike Devon Stefan
Andrew it seems it's all guys this
morning No Oh Donna okay we have a few
women coming in all right so what did
everybody see the clip of Kanye who we
now call just yay Kanye has decided that
his new name will just be EA ye he'll be
joining the pantheon of people like
Prince and Madonna and people have one
name so at the end of Saturday Night
Live he talked to the crowd and he
talked about being bullied backstage for
wearing his make America great again
happened which apparently he redesigned
because he liked a different brim which
is funny in and of itself just think
about this
Kanye redesigned the make America great
again hat how many of those are you is
he gonna sell because realistically he's
really actually a great designer so his
I haven't really seen the differences
between his hat and the the main regular
hats but I kind of think it's probably
better though you it's got a hilarious
that he improved you know he was willing
to wear the hat but not the way it was
it's like her I gotta fix his design a
little bit and he probably did fix it
all right let's talk about there's a
pivot now from Kavanagh is definitely
guilty which is perhaps turning some
people off yeah the notion of convicting
somebody in the at least in the public's
eye convicting him of a heinous crime
based on
uh unsubstantiated allegations
apparently not everybody thinks that's a
good idea it's not as popular as you
think surprise turns out that blaming
people for crimes and not having solid
evidence is not popular with everyone
I'm so there seems to be a distinct
pivot in the throw everything against
the wall effort to stop Cavanaugh to
questioning his quote temperament and
that's the word that keeps getting used
he doesn't have the temperament to be a
judge I have two things to say about
that
number one what exactly is the
temperament you should display when
you're sitting in a room for the first
time with the very people who for
political purposes have destroyed your
life the life of your family and ruined
your reputation forever by branding you
as a sex offender in his mind falsely
now keep in mind that you and I and most
people don't know what happened or did
not happen 35 years ago but you know who
does know in all likelihood you know not
getting the possibility he was blacked
out or something but in all likelihood
Cavanaugh either knows he's innocent
or believes it in in a way that's quite
credible what is the appropriate way to
act in front of the people who just
destroyed your family is there any such
thing as being too angry I mean
seriously what exactly is angry enough
and that how much would be too angry
given that you're just using words right
I mean all that was said was words and
you know an attitude and in some body
language but what exactly would to angry
be look would look like in that
situation where somebody just tainted
you as a sex offender and ruined your
whole life because even if he's
appointed every time he walks down the
street he's gonna be that sex offender
guy all right that doesn't wash off ask
Clarence Thomas s Clarence Thomas if if
people are forgetting his confirmation
that he'll think so now again I don't
know if Clarence Thomas was guilty or
innocent but we can say for certain that
it doesn't wash off guilty or innocent
so Cavanaugh's claimed that his life is
ruined I've heard some people on Twitter
were pushing back this morning and
saying how's his life ruined come on
he's he's either just gonna go back to
his excellent job as a circuit judge or
he gets confirmed that's now ruined well
how would you feel if you were branded
publicly as a sex offender and in your
mind you weren't you wouldn't like it my
guess is here's my second point about
that I think most of you are aware that
the word hysterical when applied to
women is considered sexist and I agree
with that
given the the origin of the word because
hysteria comes from hysterectomy it was
associated with women so it comes from
some junk science from the past now it
did the word sort of passed into common
usage that you could apply to anybody
but as a practical matter it tends to be
more applied to women and it has a
sexist overtone to it that you know it's
hard to miss now that doesn't mean every
person who uses the word is a sexist
because it's just a common word and not
everybody even knows that it would be
offensive it's just a word but it still
comes across that way it's received that
way it's been called out enough enough
times that and
gated person should know to stay away
from that word when talking about a
woman because it is received as sexist
and may in fact be delivered as sexist
depending on who's saying but it seems
to me that this word temperament is
reserved for men again not every time
not universally I'm not saying no woman
has ever been accused of having a bad
temperament but we saw it applied to
Trump and we see it applied to Kavanagh
for what I would consider entirely
normal male behavior am I wrong about
that yeah it may be true that Trump
yells at people in the course of his job
he might get pretty angry about people
attacking him for things he thinks are
unfair but isn't that pretty typical
male behavior to get worked up about
stuff to swear to yell to to get to get
emotional about being attacked to defend
yourself if you defend yourself in an
angry way even if you're not being
physical about it it's just words and
you're you're being accused of having a
bad temperament isn't that really sort
of reserved for men that word not
entirely nothing's a hundred percent you
know so when the people the trolls come
after me later and say let me give me my
troll impression where's where's my
where's Dale Dale I summon you all Scott
so you're saying that every single time
in the history of the world somebody
used the word temperament it was sexist
and there was only applied to man right
is that what you're saying lol lol no
Dale I'm not saying that words are still
used in a general sense in lots of
different contexts but much like
hysteria
has that taint of sexism about it which
I agree it does temperament is now sort
of enter that arena if that's my feeling
now I think a lot of people are gonna
disagree with this but you're gonna have
to watch this watch how often
temperament gets applied to men and do
you know why that's so sexist it's
because the conversation is about
somebody who is alleged to have done
something physical
using his physicality using his larger
size now if somebody is just big and
harmless you don't care
somebody's big and harmless they don't
bother you somebody who's got a bad
temper but they're small you know like a
let's say you had a Chihuahua with a bad
temper you wouldn't be afraid of it be
small but what if something is big like
a big male human and also has a bad
temperament might be some physical
problems from that right so when they
use temperament about Cavanagh it is
sexist it is very persuasive you know it
isn't from a persuasion point of view I
like to make the distinction between
what is good technique and what is
morally ethically true and what is
somewhat literally true if we can
determine what is true oh my god how how
far have we gone without the
simultaneous up we can go no longer it's
time raise your cup your mug your glass
your vessel your your chalice filled
with the liquid of your choice I like
coffee and it's time for the
simultaneous em join me
I think it was extra good because I made
you wait now here's one of the pieces of
information that you would absolutely
need to know to make a decision about
Cavanaugh's likely innocence or likely
guilt because we will never know but it
since it's not a court it's it's a you
know a job interview as some people have
said it does matter if you think he's
probably guilty or probably innocent all
right it does matter even if you can't
be a hundred percent sure and part of
that determination part of our opinions
on that would have to depend on the
following fact what are the percentage
of sex crime accusations that turn out
to be false now I've heard it I was
watching a Michelle Malcolm video in
which she was talking about this I can't
confirm any of the things she said in
the video but she seems like a well
researched sort of a person so I'm gonna
assume that she probably got this right
there's a number that floats around that
only 2% of accusations I think it was
limited to sex crimes yeah turn out to
be false but when you research that you
find out there's no actual study that
would support the idea that it's 2% and
that actual studies and estimates by
people who do this for a living are
somewhere in the you know 10 to 40
percent range that's the range the range
is between 10 and 40 percent are false
accusations now I can't say that's true
because I'm not the researcher and I
don't have a link to give you I'm just
telling you that almost nobody in this
conversation knows what that is nobody
has a confident idea of what percentage
of sex abuse accusations turn out to be
false nobody
and if somebody studied it how would
they know they had a good number because
how would you know that just because
somebody was accused and went to jail
that they were also guilty because
apparently a number of people go to jail
who were innocent I don't know what
percentage but how would you calculate
that so could you ever know for sure how
many of them were false the only thing
you can know for sure is let's say
somebody went to trial and was was not
found guilty that doesn't mean they're
innocent or you could find that some
people got convicted but that doesn't
mean they're guilty because there are
plenty of examples of people guilty so I
don't think it's knowable what
percentage of people had false
allegations compared to all the people
who had allegations but here's the thing
that everybody's going to get wrong if
we could find that out suppose there was
some way to find out with certainty or
close to it
what the general number is of false
accusations to accurate accusations
would that apply to this situation in
other words is the average number does
that tell you something useful
for this specific case and I would say a
little bit it tells you a little bit but
here's how I would put it if we could
find that real number it would tell you
the floor in other words if if it turned
out that let's say 25 percent of
accusations of sexual abuse turned out
to be false and there's no way to study
that there's just no I'd ever know but
if it turned out it was 25 percent is
that the number you should apply to this
situation to say to yourself okay one in
four chance it's not real no you should
not here's why because the rate of
accusations false accusations
probably varies a great deal depending
on the circumstance so for example if
you were a if you're a if you're black
and you were accused of a sex crime
is there more likelihood that there's a
mistaken identity there might be there
might be I don't know but you'd have to
look into that
so Kavanaugh is not black so whatever
experience of black people is maybe get
accused of more more crimes or more
falsely accused I don't know but I'd
want to know that right what about the
number of times that people are falsely
accused of sex crimes in the context of
a divorce or a custody battle probably
pretty high I would expect that in that
context you would see a higher
percentage of false accusations
so should you use those numbers when
you're looking at Cavanagh that doesn't
seem fair because that would be a you
know a biased group of people who are
likely more likely to be liars all right
so you can't really take the average and
say this applies to Cavanaugh but here's
the other thing you have to understand
famous people powerful people rich
people and I'm going to put myself in
that category for this example we get
accused of false crimes all the freakin
time me getting accused of something I
didn't do is literally every freaking
day I know most of it happens on Twitter
today I got in a Twitter you know back
and forth with a anti Cavanaugh person
whose belief is that this whole false
memory thing is BS right so that's the
context I'm having a Twitter exchange
with somebody who believes that the
whole idea of a false memory is
ridiculous in that exchange it took her
about 10 seconds to mischaracterize my
opinion as a completely different
because she had a false memory of my
opinion right in front of me so the
person who is arguing the false memories
are rare exhibited in public
unquestionably because you know I can
tell you my opinion it's all over
Twitter it's all over this this has been
very clear my opinion is you'll never
know we'll never know the truth of it
just can't be known that's my opinion
she characterized it as completely
different that he's innocent that's a
very different opinion and and then she
criticized me for it so that's how
common false accusations are in my life
one already today so oh no - I've had
two or three false accusations based on
false memory I think in at least one to
three of those cases that's how common
it is now is it more common that
somebody will have a fake memory in
which they insert the wrong person and
they're famous
mmm probably is because famous people
are on your mind the people who were on
your mind in any way are the ones you're
going to insert into a false memory if
you're not thinking of somebody you're
not gonna put it in a false memory
they're just not in your mind so the
life of a famous person is one in which
false accusations are coming like a fire
hose they're not all important but
they're all false and they're all based
on fake memory not all of them many of
them are based on false memory so I did
a little Twitter poll yesterday and I
asked people if they had been accused
falsely of anything had they been
falsely accused of anything what do you
think was the percentage of people so it
was just a yes/no have you been falsely
accused of anything what was the
percentage of people who said yes
falsely accused
67% yeah it was it was pushing 70%
so two out of three people have been
falsely accused of things that were
important enough that they remember them
and that you know they made some
difference I think the numbers closer to
a hundred percent and the people saying
that they haven't been either live very
uninteresting lives or they're not
remembering so it's probably against a
false memory which is ironic so the
context that I will put on this is that
if two thirds of people have been
falsely accused it's pretty darn common
and my guess is that the people the
filter that people are putting on this
Cavanaugh situation is completely based
on their own experience and that would
be a normal situation we all base our
opinions through a filter of our own
experience if you had ever been sexually
abused what filter are you going to put
on this situation well unless you really
really really really want this judge
you're gonna say mmm
I was I was sexually abused this guy
looks like a sexual abuser to me I think
he's a hundred percent guilty all right
it won't be based on the facts because
we don't really use facts to make
decisions it will be based on what you
want it to be so people are seeing what
they want to see the people who have who
have been tragically victims of sexual
abuse are very primed for somebody who
is credibly accused to be actually
guilty and to pay a price so that's
their filter now but there's another
large group of people and I'm in that
category who have been falsely accused
of major major things like really
important things major crimes
I almost got fired once my when I was in
probably 20 or so I was working at a
resort as a busboy
when I was in college and my boss
literally cornered me in this little
coffee making area and he was this big
guy and he threatened to kick my ass
this is what this is one of my bosses
you know one of the it was a
family-owned resort
he actually cornered me and physically
threatened me he said he should fire me
and he should kick my ass and I was like
why and then he told the story of
something I had said to one of the
servers who she had reported to her boss
who was his sister and by the time they
were by the time the story got told and
retold it had turned into an insult to
his sister who I had never even
mentioned but I hadn't even talked about
her it was just a translation problem so
here I was about to give fired and and
physically get beaten up he was a big
guy and he meant it when he said he he
was thinking about kicking my ass
because he was a guy who could kick some
ass
alright there wasn't that's for sure see
them do it so malai f-- being falsely
accused of stuff is pretty normal right
and that was before I was famous Oh
somebody said what did I do to the
server the server was actually a woman I
was seeing romantically so the server
who told the story wrong wasn't even
intending to get me in trouble
it was a hundred percent
miscommunication there was no bad intent
on anybody's part it just turned into
this bad thing
now when I told my you know this boss
fellow when I told them that I didn't
say anything like that
that I literally had B even been
involved in a conversation that would
involve anything that he was saying I
said do you think he believed me or do
you think he believed his sister who do
you think he believed
his sister or guy who just happens to be
one of many people working for him you
didn't believe me but as luck would have
it and I'm pretty persuasive so as has
often been the case in my life I talked
my way out of a dangerous situation and
I didn't get fired but it was very
awkward from that day on and it wasn't a
good place to work now I've also been
accused by my stalkers and other other
people who had verifiable mental illness
of various crimes and it's Ordinary
completely ordinary situation for
anybody who's in the public eye so what
are the odds of a famous person and
somebody as controversial controversial
as Cavanaugh being the subject of a fake
accusation in this specific situation
there's nothing about this that would be
like the average there's nothing about
this situation that would be similar to
what ordinary people have in their life
the odds of him getting a fake sexual
accusation I would put at close to a
hundred percent because we've we've seen
three accusations of which at least one
of them is so ridiculous that I think
even the people who don't want him to be
a judge even they are saying okay that
one the gang rape wasn't I don't think
that one's true so even without
Christian Ford he is the subject of two
other accusations one of them is
ridiculously untrue in my opinion I
can't know for sure but I don't think he
went to multiple gang rape a party's
probably dot and then the other one
about exposing himself and she
apparently that one has no credibility
according to law enforcement either so
we don't have to wonder if this person
in this situation would
tract fake accusations there's there's
no mystery there we're watching it even
if you believe Christian fort is true
you can simply observe that this man in
this situation in this this environment
is going to have fake accusations now if
you can see that there are verifiable
fake accusations against them and come
on I think we all agree that the gang
rape part of the accusations doesn't
pass any kind of a you know sniff test
you don't have to you don't have to
wonder if it's likely that there are
false accusations you don't have to
wonder because there they are they're
right in front of you it's it's the
evidence is right there all right
somebody's mentioning his beer comments
which were also mocked I have mixed
feelings about Cavanaugh's beer comments
I think it was important that he
acknowledged that he likes beer and he
drank beer and and he did it in high
school too
because to not do that would be sort of
sketchy but just talking about it the
way he did made it easy to mock so that
part was not good but here's the part of
that might be good a lot of people drink
beer Republicans they like beer and you
know how beer commercials in the old
days they don't do it I think I don't
think they do it anymore but in the old
days they would show attractive women to
get you to like beer because if you like
one thing you're more likely to like the
other thing because they're associated
so when Cavanaugh associates himself
with beer that might make it more
popular with at least people who like
beer because people are saying hi
I've had beer and I've done some things
that you know or maybe a little
questionable
so persuasion wise the beer comment
might work for him it might but I think
it's closer to a push one of the
comments I'm getting online a lot is
because the goal the goal post
keep moving of course is that even if
he's not guilty of these charges even if
he's not guilty of these charges he is
disqualified because he definitely lied
under oath and the examples they give
are number one they said the drinking
age allowed him to drink in his senior
year so there was something about the
drinking age that he got technically
wrong that doesn't sound like a lie that
sounds like somebody who got a minor
fact wrong so okay
I mean you in no world would anybody be
prosecuted for getting that fact wrong
in public the other things that they're
accusing him of is not never drinking to
blackout again something that nobody
could ever be accused of even if a
hundred witnesses come forward and say
yeah I saw him black down because I
don't know that there's a definition of
that because he did say I have I have
had beer and then going to sleep so if
lots of people saw him have beer and do
drunken things and then go to sleep
who can say he blacked out you know I
move where do you draw that line how
much do you have to remember how much do
you have to forget to cross that line
from an ordinary person who had too many
beers and doesn't remember all the
details
that's what beer does to you if you
drink enough beer you're not going to
remember some of the details from last
night and you don't have to black out to
do that so some people are kind of
playing with a definition of blackout
and likelihood that
you know he was a teenager so he must
have dragged until he passed down at
least once must have had some memory
problems at least once and I say to him
maybe you know maybe that's technically
alive but it's unprovable and certainly
it's just gonna be a judgment call about
whether or not that was a lie or
technically accurate so you're really
getting into the weeds if you think the
stuff he talked about oh and then it was
the stuff about the the the yearbook in
my opinion there's a high likelihood
that he he lied about the yearbook now
that doesn't mean he did but there's a
high likelihood now how do I feel about
the fact that he may have protected the
reputation of this girl named Renata by
lying about what it meant well if he
lied to protect somebody's reputation
and it wasn't important because it
wasn't I don't know technically I guess
that's a lie right
yeah I'm tank or technically it is a lie
but is it important
is it important does it feel important
so it is true the lying under oath can
get you in trouble but somebody needs to
fact-check me on the on the next
statement I'm going to make it's my
understanding that lying or being
inaccurate but even lying about trivial
stuff doesn't is not a legal jeopardy
you can you can lie about things that
aren't terribly important to the case
and you don't get prosecuted I believe
but somebody needs to the fact check do
that so for example if you were accused
of murder
and somebody said you know didn't and
what did you do before the
before the alleged crime and you said
well I went to 7-Eleven and I bought up
a pack of gum but let's say the truth
was you bought a pack of cigarettes you
just didn't want somebody else to know
that you're still smoking
the fact that you bought it bought a
pack of gum or a pack of cigarettes that
does substantiate that would be an
actual lie and one that could be
presumably verified but it doesn't get
to the it doesn't get to the meat of the
the problem now the question of whether
his you know a and attitude about girls
when he was seventeen whether that gets
to the question of whether he abused
somebody I would say it does not because
do you know what every
seventeen-year-old boy does acts like
that so evidence that a 17 year old boy
acted like most seventeen year old boys
is not is not really important evidence
that he may have done a sex crime
because those two things just you know
are not necessarily leading to the other
so I would say that is an immaterial lie
at best so if if the anti Cavanagh of
people are banking on immaterial lies
being disqualifying good luck with that
now I have mixed feelings about
Cavanaugh getting appointed to the court
and it goes like this
on one hand I would hate to see a
precedent that you could just make an
accusation and with without much in
terms of corroboration that's enough to
do it derail somebody's entire life so
as a precedent it would be terrible and
then if he gets on the court well that's
problematic too because now you'd have
two Supreme Court members were tainted
by accusations and people wouldn't know
if they
true or false so that's not ideal but I
I have to admit I have a strange yeah
and again I shouldn't feel this way so
I'm gonna confess I guess in a mildly
evil part of my mind which is I kind of
want to see what happens if he doesn't
get confirmed I kind of wonder what
would happen and I think what would
happen if he doesn't get confirmed is
that you would see the highest level of
Republican turnout for an election and
it would just swamp whatever the
Democrats did in terms of getting out
the vote and it would be sort of fun to
watch and it would be a repeat of 2016
when you get to watch the the faces of
the of the pundits on TV as they realize
that the blue wave that everybody was
sure about just got killed with a
tsunami of red votes I'm kind of curious
about that and so this is one of these
one of those situations where I think
the Democrats have have made the only
play that is bad for them no matter what
happens it feels like it's bad for them
no matter what and it looks like it's
going to be another situation where
Trump can win both ways
so here the what two ways Trump can win
if he gets Kavanagh on the court even
tainted it will unambiguously be another
major major fact that people can use to
say that this president is the most
consequential president in a hundred
years now if you forget the you know the
founders and if you forget Abe Lincoln
but let's say just last 100 years
presidents in the last 100 years not too
many of them have a claim to being the
most consequential president and if he
gets
their Supreme Court nomination you know
and North Korea keeps going well and the
economy keeps going well it's gonna be
hard to keep president Trump off of the
list of best presidents of all time it's
gonna be hard so if he gets the
nomination through its is one more major
building block in the claim that he's
one of the best presidents of all time
or at least most effective you might not
like what he does in some cases but most
effective for his base now if Cavanaugh
it doesn't get elected it's really gonna
be a red wave all right if Cavanaugh
doesn't get confirmed Republicans are
just gonna go nuts it's just gonna go to
nuts and you think you think you've seen
a trump derangement syndrome well you
haven't seen anything you haven't seen
anything but so part of me it's kind of
open to the fun of it if Cavanaugh
didn't get nominated now I can't I can't
fully embrace that option because this
is this is the evil part of that in
order for that fun to happen
Cavanaugh's life would have to be
destroyed with with no compensation you
know at least if he gets on the Supreme
Court he won right he still has this
team to live with but at least he won on
the big battle so I think I prefer him
to win because I want his family to be
okay and I haven't seen anything in the
last 35 years it would suggest he's
anything but a good judge but if he
loses if it's gonna happen anyway I'm
not gonna hope for it I think that would
be wrong and it would be evil but if it
happens it's gonna be really interesting
all right now let's talk about how to
get out the vote oh by the way for those
of you don't know I have famously been
saying that I don't have
it keeps me independent as much as
that's possible and I know that's not
entirely possible but it keeps me a
little a little less biased than if I
had cast a vote because then you're
committed to your your team but I did
register to vote yesterday and part of
the reason I did it was I was curious
about the process I hadn't done it in so
long
I just wondered if it was easy or hard
and turns out it's easy you just you
could just google how to register to
vote click a link fill in your
particular Xand there you are you're
registered and but I registered for one
reason only I registered independent and
the only votes I'm gonna cast are
against incumbents incumbents who are
over 80 I don't care what team they're
on I don't care you know what their
party is I don't care how good they've
been in the past I don't care how much I
like them if you're 80 and you're still
in Congress it's it's time to let some
new blood in right now I'm not saying
that nobody over 80 could ever do a good
job you know clearly there are examples
where or that's true but it's not a good
standard if you're looking at any one
person you know it might be bad for them
and bad for the country oh that person
was good we really don't want to lose
that one who's over 80 but in general in
general in the long term we're really
better off if we if we lower the age of
service you know one way or the other
now
so I'll be voting against Dianne
Feinstein because I'm in California I
don't know if I'll vote for anything
else I'm gonna get my valid ballot in
the mail I'm gonna vote by mail I'm just
gonna look for her name and then I'm
gonna vote for whoever's running against
her and I don't care who it is I don't
care what his policies are I don't care
you know I don't care anything I'm just
gonna vote against anybody over 80 and
I'm not suggesting necessarily that you
do it you can do it
you want I don't make recommendations
like that I'm just telling you what I
did now let's say you wanted to persuade
people to vote Republican and you're
wondering what could you do you know
what could you practically do and I'm
gonna give you some persuasion tips here
and I'd be interested if if any of you
try my tips and I'm gonna give you to
see if you got a good result so here's
the first thing you need you need to
know about persuasion if you're trying
to guess somebody who wasn't going to
vote oh and here's the important point
I'm not talking about getting people to
change their vote
from Democrat to Republican or vice
versa so this is not about changing
anybody's mind this is about getting
somebody to vote who would not have
otherwise voted but you're sure that if
they do vote they're gonna vote the same
way you would so it's about getting more
people like yourself to vote here's what
you need to know about persuasion when a
situation is complicated people won't
act they need to know something's simple
alright so if you can take something
that people don't know how to do or
they're confused about it or it seems
complicated you can find a way to
simplify it and I'll tell you how to do
that in a moment
you've taken away 80% of the resistance
people don't like to figure stuff out
because they think it might be hard to
figure out how to vote do I have to
drive through the DMV you know am I
gonna be on a list what's gonna happen
and you know so people will have these
objections but you so if you can reduce
them that makes a difference and I'll
tell you how in a minute
the other thing that's good for
persuasion is the guests I'm going to do
something small if you want them to do
something bigger so if you can get
somebody to cooperate in any small way
then you've primed them to do a little
more so the first thing you should do if
you're trying to get somebody to vote
because you think they'll vote the same
way you were you will is to figure out
the smallest thing you can get them to
do right away and so here's how I would
approach this this is just the
suggestion this is not
not proven by science but it's
compatible with what anybody would know
about persuasion if they study this feel
so here's how I do I would go online and
Google how to register to vote you're
probably going to be influencing
somebody in your state so the links will
be different based on your state but
find the link for your state and put
that in a little you might want to even
shorten it shorten it from a big link
into a small link or link a word in your
email so that people don't see a big
scary link so you don't want a big scary
link you don't want to use you know
bitly or one of the link shorteners or
in your email just use a word like you
know if it says go here to register to
vote then you just put a hyperlink
behind the words go here so you want to
simplify it you want to keep your email
to the person you're trying to influence
as short as possible short short email
and you're going to say Bob if you if
you if you if you want to register to
vote did you know you can do it by mail
and all you have to do is click this
link and you can register in less than
60 seconds that's about what it takes
you know if you if you just pulled up
the link and start typing in your name
and address and stuff something like 60
seconds so now you've given a tiny tiny
little email with a link and this
information that you can you can vote by
mail people who don't vote are not
necessarily sure that they can vote by
mail they probably think they have to
take some time off got a drive in you
know you know we've got to find the
polling place you got to figure out what
to do so if you have and by the way I'm
no expert on voting so I assume
everybody can vote by mail but there may
be some restrictions on that so the
first time you talk to the person you're
trying to persuade
oh here's the other advice try to pick
one person two or three tops but try to
keep the number of people you're trying
to persuade into a very small number
okay because that just keeps it clean
and easy so you want to talk to them
first and say hey you're thinking of
voting if they say no and if you know
that they would probably vote the same
way you would the first thing you say is
eight I'll send you I'll send you a link
in case you want to register so you've
talked to them first now there's like a
personal connection to this topic and
you say I'll just send you the link it
takes you sixty Seconds to register and
then you can just do it by mail we can
do it during lunch if you have any
questions I'm going to fill out mine and
break during lunch and once you get your
ballot if you want to talk about it do
that and then you could also say and by
the way you don't have to vote for
everything you could just vote for the
you know top few things you understand
you don't have to fill out every every
form so now you've taken this big scary
thing the people who don't vote don't
really understand I'm gonna make a
confession to you I haven't voted in so
many years that I didn't know how and
the fact that I didn't know how felt
like friction it felt like something I
didn't want to take time to figure out
and if I did take time to figure it out
what a required driving anywhere would
it require me scheduling something you
know would it would it put me on jury
duty you know I had some questions but
until yesterday I didn't bother to find
out the answers so if you tried to
persuade somebody go simple simple
simple give them a link say click here
tell them it'll take them 60 seconds
tell them they can vote by mail there's
an option there usually you could just
say you'd vote by mail and tell them
you'll you'll help them fill it out
during lunch and they only have to vote
for the few things they care about
they can ignore the rest
right so that is your mission if anybody
wants to try this I want I want to
report back I'll probably ask you in a
week or so report back if you can get
anybody to click that link and sign up
to vote by mail see the by mail part is
pretty important because it's pretty
easy to vote by mail it's harder to take
time off and find your polling station
and everything else so report back to me
so we can do some a/b testing and I will
tell you if then we'll see for ourselves
if anybody can get more people to vote
now the bad way to get people to vote is
just telling them to vote because again
they don't understand it they think
there might be something that will
embarrass them they think they might
have to take time off they don't really
understand it so simplify it - a link
tellement will take 60 seconds tell them
to vote by mail and tell them they only
need to vote for the things they already
understand that's it
it's a simplest thing in the world all
right that is my advice for the day let
me look at my notes
oh so we keep hearing about the slush
fund in Congress to pay off sex abuse
accusations now I'm pretty sure that
that's a true thing that there really is
a slush fund really used to pay off sex
accusations of members of Congress and
here's the thing I want to ask how many
of the accusations that were paid off
were false accusations I'll just let
that sit there if they paid off if they
paid off the accusers but they thought
the accusers were telling the truth
that's not right but if they paid off
the accusers specifically because they
thought the accusations
not credible well then we have a base so
I would be interested in how many
members of Congress have paid off false
accusations in their own opinion we'll
never know if they're false or not but
in their opinion how many of them were
false accusations
I suspect that Congress if you just
looked at their own numbers that you
could probably find out you would find
out that there are many many many many
many many false accusations against
members of Congress now how do you know
they're false accusations just ask the
Democrats who have been accused they'll
tell you they're false accusations if
you want to find out how many felsic use
Asians there are against famous
politicians such as Cavanaugh you know
he's a judge but same same concept ask
how many Democrats have been accused of
falsely of crimes I believe they will
tell you that everything they've been
accused of is false so then we'd have a
baseline we say look based on your own
numbers you famous Democrats who have
been falsely accused
it looks like 80% of you have been
falsely accused so let's use that as our
baseline when we're understanding this
new situation yeah that was really
clever you're right I'm gonna leave it
on that have a great day