it's about time let's uh get our
comments going and then we've got a
lovely show for you Saturday Morning
Show and all the other podcasters are
lazy and sleeping
in but not us no we have better things
to do
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
that's what it is but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains well all you
need for
that is a CER mug glass of tanker chells
a Stein a canteen jug a flask a vessel
of any kind that you will fill with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and you're lucky enough
to have it happen right now
go that's the good
stuff take a double if you need it well
after the
show sometime around 8:20 eastern
time we'll be Owen Gregorian hosting a
spaces for all of you and anybody else
who wants to join um so look on the
xplatform look for Owen Gregorian just
do a search for Owen Gregorian or you
can look at my X feed you'll see I just
reposted it and it will be uh a coffee
with Scott atams after party all right
so don't miss that well the Trump
Administration says it's uh
it's looking for some big deals for eggs
from turkey and South Korea and maybe at
least one another place according to the
hill now you might say to me Scott how
can you allow a story about turkey and
eggs do not pretend that they're turkey
eggs well I can do it cuz I'm a
professional the rest of you will have
to make terrible jokes at home about
turkey and eggs but really they're
chicken eggs they're completely chicken
eggs now I didn't know that eggs could
last that long I don't know how you
preserve an egg long enough to get it
across an ocean but apparently that's a
thing so we're going to have that and
also apparently according to the
agricultural secretary Brooke
Rollins um the American Fleet of
chickens is ready to poop out some eggs
very soon so within just maybe a couple
months we'll have our our Fleet of
chickens up and running now what you
don't know is that they won't be real
chickens they'll just be drones yeah
we're replacing all of our real chickens
with drones made in
Ukraine no that's not true that's not
true they're real
chickens as far as you know might be
might be run by AI now now they're real
they're real
chickens so we should have a chicken
solution pretty
[Music]
soon it's it's kind of weird that that
became such a big issue because it seems
like that's the one thing that either
party would have been able to
solve you know the long the long-term
cost of eggs probably it was going to
get solved in the next four years no
matter who was in charge but I do think
the Republicans probably put more
horsepower into it
little more little more work to make it
happen no way to know but
probably well according to breit Bar
news Simon Kent is writing that uh Trump
is going to meet with uh the UAE and or
he did meet with the UAE and they've
committed to a $1.4 trillion investment
framework in the US now as
usual the it's it's a it's a 10-year
deal so people like to give you the big
number still that's a gigantic deal you
know even over 10 years so uh that's
good now here's my
question was it always true that other
countries were on a regular basis making
big decisions about investing in the
United States or is this really a trump
thing is Trump the reason that all these
companies and all these other countries
are saying yes yes you know give me a
deal or I'm going to invest large
amounts of money in
America I don't know it looks like it's
Trump doesn't it it it doesn't look like
it's
Baseline and the the more of these that
you see the more of these there will be
because when people get the idea oh oh
if I do a big investment in America
America is going to be a little bit
friendlier to me that might be good for
me so yeah I think you're going to see a
lot more of
that um here here's a story that'll kind
of blow your
mind now I don't know if this is true or
not but it seems true
enough um according to zme science it's
a publication uh it's possible that the
population of the world or at least the
rural population of the world has been
undercounted by over
50% so apparently it's really hard to
count um you know people in uh let's say
lesser civilized living conditions
because they don't have ID they're not
registered on any kind of you know
government database and you can't see
them so even if you try to see them from
space by a satellite um they'd be under
the tree cover or whatever so this was
first discovered by uh researchers from
elto University in Finland who were only
trying to look into um how many people
will get displaced by Big Dam projects
so if you're doing a big Dam project no
it's a big Dam project not a big Dam
project um but apparently those usually
displace a lot of the locals and the
researchers want to find out bad the
displacement was and so they went to
count the number of people who used to
be there to compare it to the number
that were there after the dam has done
and they found out there's no real way
to know how many people are
there just think about that and not only
that but our estimates apparently are
just wildly just guesses off my lot um
they said on average the data sets
undercounted rural populations by by 53%
in some cases the estimates were off by
as much as
84% the population of an area was off by
84% now do you know where I'm going to
go with this do you can you guess the
next thing I'm going to say we'll see
how well you know me this will be a test
of my uh
predictability what's the next thing I'm
going to
say does anybody have it
yet so uh how do you think we do when
we're measuring the temperature of the
world every place on the
planet you you just found out that we
can't even count the people and that was
all made
up even counting the people what are the
things you would just kind of assume we
had under control no no it was just
we were just
guessing do you remember when uh when
you were younger and you thought
nutrition had been uh exhaustively
studied and the government was telling
you what was safe to eat do you remember
that it turns out it was just all
 the the food pyramid was upside
down and it was just it was just based
on industry food people trying to sell
you cereal or
something so now
um and do you remember when you thought
that do you remember when you thought
that vaccinations were tested in a you
know a gold standard randomized
controlled trial and that after the
testing even once it got approved that
they would do ongoing continuous testing
to make sure it was still safe do
you do you remember when you just
assumed that was
true
nope nope that was never true so I'm
going to say again because I think it's
hilarious at least hilarious to
me weit Democrats find out about climate
models just wait till they find out that
the the most the most foundational thing
to their entire movement completely made
up you can't even count the number of
people on Earth much less measure the
temperature everywhere on Earth for for
decades
that is so not something that humans can
do so not even close and the the fact
that they've sold it to the American
even the scientific Community even the
scientific Community has been convinced
that we can measure the the temperature
of the earth over
time
wow well another fun news a US Commerce
Secretary lutnick he was talking to the
all-in Pod guys that they went to
Washington and uh he said the US has
already sold a thousand gold cards so
those are the cards that we sell to rich
people to give them a uh sort of a fast
start to being citizens if they want to
be US citizens and that would be $5
billion a thousand of those gold
cards would be income to the United
States of5
billion but maybe even better if you're
bringing in all these rich people you
know they tend to hire people and they
spend money and they start
businesses so this gold car thing might
be way better than I thought we'll
see we'll
see hey notes don't stick
together uh meanwhile Columbia
University has folded to the Trump
demands so the Trump Administration was
withholding $400 million of federal
funding uh until Colombia made some
specific
changes to fight anti-Semitism which
according to the Trump Administration
they had not done enough of and you know
there were a lot of
anti-israel uh protests which seemed
very more anti-jewish protests and so
the Trump Administration was all over
them and apparently the UN university
has agreed to
everything I'm not sure I was expecting
that but uh 400 million doll I guess
that's a lot of pressure and the things
that were being asked for were don't let
one class of people be discriminated
against to the point of physical
danger that wasn't a big ask really but
uh still I thought there'd be more push
back but Columbia University on Friday
said yep every single thing you asked
for we're going to give you so we'll see
Wall Street Journal was reporting on
that and just the news was
also
um according to uh New York Times writer
uh Ezra Klein and he's uh he's making a
lot of news because he has a new book
out and the as you know the Democrats
are in bad shape they don't have
leadership and they don't have a
Direction so when one of them writes a
book that gets uh a lot of attention I I
think the news says finally we found our
leader so let's talk about Ezra Klein
and uh some of the things he found one
of the things he found is that the uh
Trump's ability to get male voters was
way bigger than people expected and when
I say way bigger than people expected I
mean everybody except me I think it was
2016 when I started saying
uh you realize what's happening the
Democrats are becoming the party of
women and do you remember that now I
don't know if I'm the first political
pundit to say we're turning into the
male party and the female party but I
was way ahead of the curve probably I
don't know eight years ahead here we are
so here are some of the
numbers uh that Klein was talking about
uh he says what crazy is if you look at
people under the age of 30 the gender
gap gender gap has exploded so
18-year-old men were 23 percentage
points more likely to support Trump than
18-year-old
women uh which is completely
unprecedented this actually this was
Shore um Shore would be his co-author
I'm not sure who sh is
um and then uh but part of the mystery
is that it's happening in other
countries so if you think oh it's a
trump thing you know Trump has a just a
way of attracting men because he has
sort of a male energy vibe to him
apparently we're seeing a similar kind
of shift in Canada the UK and
Norway would you like to know the real
answer you know I always joke when I see
scientific stuff and I always joke it's
sort of my ongoing joke well you could
have just asked me because your your
conclusion is so obvious you didn't need
to do the study at all this is one of
those this is so obvious you didn't need
to do the study at all does anybody want
to take a crack at it before I give you
the right answer so what's the right
answer to why in various different
countries so it's not the individual
leaders it's not the leaders it's not
Trump per se but why is it in various
countries at the same
time um the men are moving in One
Direction and the women are moving in
another what do you think that
is I'm looking at your
comments uh Tate and Rogan no no because
remember it's International and they're
they don't have the same impact in every
country uh men are for security that's
close you're you're you're knocking on
the
or um let's
see uh women are mentally ill says DM um
CIA
Dei okay you're you're you're all in the
right area right you're very
close let me let me let me say it to you
in the simplest possible way men do not
like to be ruled by batshit crazy women
with batshit crazy policies
anything else that you say about this
topic is a complete waste of time let me
say it again just so you hear it clearly
men of every age but the young ones
probably you know are more flexible to
change their opinion and change their
party men especially young ones don't
want to be ruled by batshit crazy women
with batshit crazy policies now hear me
clearly I'm not saying that all women
are B you crazy so don't hear that but
the ones in charge for whatever reason
are unusually batshit crazy and their
policies are clearly badshit crazy hey
let's open up the border and eat bugs
and get rid of your gas car and kill all
the nuclear power plants
and you know decrease your military
until somebody can own you it's just
batshit crazy
stuff that apparently young women are
saying some version of go girl yeah I
just love it when women are in charge so
I think women are just being drawn to
women leaders because they think they're
being heard and men are saying are you
kidding you look like you have mental
illness you don't even look like a
leader why are you saying things that
are crazy why are you doing things that
are clearly bad for me why are you
overtly discriminating against white men
and then but it's not even the white men
so apparently Trump won with men men in
every category and even I think even one
with women if you don't count women of
color so I think Democrats only one in
one category women of
color so clearly men are are tired of
being discriminated
against and women have no idea that
they've been the brutal part of the
brutal uh discrimination regime for
decades and men are just done we're just
absolutely done and at the moment since
men are not being recruited into the
military they don't have a bigger
Mission so if they're just standing
around looking at the news and looking
at their own life
they say why can't I get a job there if
I'm a man and then they look at the
leaders and they say why are these ideas
so crazy like opening the
borders that's not a difference of
opinion that's batshit crazy versus
common sense to imagine that these are
some kind of political
difference that's a stretch yeah you're
talking absolute mental illness and
incompetence and gross discrimination
against males of course you're going to
get this it was the most predictable
thing that could have ever happened so
just ask me next time you get confused
about this gender stuff I'll clear it
up meanwhile Chuck schuver is being uh
accused of saying the quiet part out
loud I think we overuse that phrase but
Jim Hof at the Gateway pundit's writing
about this so Schumer was on one of the
TV shows and he said uh that that
they've got 235 quote Progressive
judges and he said yes our democracy is
at risk because Donald Trump shows that
he wishes to violate the laws in many
many different ways and then he says the
good news here is that we did put 235
judges Progressive judges judges not
under the control of trump last year and
the bench and they are ruling against
Trump Time After Time After
Time now this kind of brings into
question the definition of a judge
doesn't it if Chuck Schumer knew when he
picked these 235 judges that they would
be springloaded to vote against
Trump and he doesn't think that
conservatives would have done
it
really I I I feel like conservatives can
be a little bit unpredictable because
they're trying to interpret you know the
original meaning of the Constitution and
you could imagine some would have a
slightly different view of what the
original interpretation was so
conservatives tend to be at least a
little bit unpredictable you know they
can cross lines when they say okay this
is just too far for me you know I think
the Constitution would have gone this
way but on the left that doesn't seem to
be what's going on it seems to be that
they're just purely anti-trump and it
wouldn't matter what he did or what the
argument was they're going to just
oppose him now isn't that the opposite
of a judge shouldn't a judge be a little
bit
unpredictable as in okay well they're
definitely going to look at the facts
and they're going to look at the
Constitution and they'll make a judgment
based on the law and the
Constitution but that doesn't seem to be
what's going on
it seems to me that they were literally
picked because they would oppose Trump
that would be the opposite of a
judge a judge should be using you know
just the the data and the facts and the
law and the Constitution but if Chuck
Schumer knew when he picked these judges
that they would oppose
Trump I don't think he means just when
there's some technical violation of the
law I don't think that's what's going on
I think they just oppose him everything
all the
time so he basically Schumer has
destroyed an entire branch of
government let me say that again Schumer
sounds like quite intentionally with the
other Democrats destroyed an entire
branch of government because he hired so
many people who
are completely willing to just make a
political decision instead of a legal or
con stitutional
decision um that is really not the way
the system is supposed to run
so anyway um you know I'll take a fact
check it does seem to me that
conservative judges are usually
predictable but I feel like they still
only have arguments that are based on
the Constitution and I just don't see
that in the other
side all right uh
so Trump has said that uh according to
just the news Misty sar's writing that
he announced uh that there are a draft
of contracts being drawn up that would
divide the land in Ukraine and that the
idea the idea is that uh you know we
might be kind of close to some kind of a
deal with Russia and it would involve
you know trading land for peace well
actually probably Russia just keeping
land it has for peace um do you believe
that remember I told you yesterday there
are two ways to negotiate this the end
to this war that definitely won't work
one of the ways is to not have Ukraine
at the table when the deal is made
because if Ukraine is not at the table
then even if you try to force them to
accept it they're going to you know find
Partners in Europe to dis agree and
they're going to push back and they're
going to drag their feet and they're
first going to say yes but then later
they'll say no it just won't get done so
you can't you'll never get a deal if you
don't have the ukrainians at the table
so that's one way you'll never get a
deal the other way you'll never get a
deal is to put the ukrainians at the
table because they're going to ask we
know zinsky anyway will ask for
something that's a non starter and I
don't think he's
negotiating I think he just needs things
that are impossible and could never have
so the two ways that you'll never get a
deal is if Ukraine is involved in the
negotiating or Ukraine is not involved
in the negotiating and those are the
only two conditions so there are only
two ways to go and neither of them could
possibly work even on paper like it like
if I simply describe to you the
situation you'd say oh well that
wouldn't work either way and that's
where we are so unless Trump has some
plan for uh let's say trading out
zalinski or blackmailing him or bribing
him or threatening
him uh I don't see how this could ever
work now puon is um quoted we don't know
if it's a real quote but quoted as
saying that the negotiations would be
long and very difficult so Putin's not
seeing anything happening quickly it
could be that we're just dealing with
Trump's usually optimism you he's just
trying to will it into existence which
he can do you know he has that ability
to will something into existence uh that
you thought was impossible so I hate to
be in a situation where I would bet
against Trump being able to make a deal
because it feels like later you just
feel dumb like what was I thinking you
know why did I think he couldn't make a
deal
um but I'm going to I'm going to say
that unless something big changes a very
big variable I don't know which one but
unless some big variable changes there's
nothing there that looks like it could
be a deal as long as Ukraine is involved
or Ukraine is not
involved the two situations that can't
work anyway anyway that's my take so
you've heard this before but I guess
it's confirmed that Bill Maher is going
to go to a meeting with President Trump
at the White House um Kid Rock who knows
both of them set it up now I saw a bunch
of people saying it's a big mistake
because you're just you know giving Bill
Maher attention and you know nothing
good can come of it and I I disagree I
disagree there there was definitely a
time when it would have been a bad
idea but if you watch Bill Mor show even
even the most recent one on Friday he's
very much trying to find a a common
sense High
ground and it looks like a real to me it
looks like a real attempt uh to find a
common sense High Ground so he mentions
if you ask him and he said it even on
Friday Mar did he can list several
things that Democrats did that are just
stupid and couldn't possibly ever help
them win aace so that's
progress um it seems to me that uh Bill
Mah's primary disagreement with Trump
are based on something personal from
their past and then there's always the
um he's going to steal your democracy
the we the weird stuff the the things
that he hasn't done
but you imagine he might do in the
future now some of it's based on things
you imagine he did in the past so if you
imagine that January 6 was an
Insurrection well I don't know if you
can be helped because if you start from
that point of view you're starting with
fake
news um do you know what the fake news
never did have you ever seen all the
interviews with the protesters to ask
them why they were there no you haven't
never just just think about the dog not
barking so there were thousands of
people involved thousands of people
charged with a crime and every bit of
that except for the violent stuff that
nobody
supports
um every bit of that was based on what
they were thinking when they did it if
the january6 people were thinking oh I
want to overthrow the country and even
though Trump lost
and we all know he lost we want to put
him in charge like a
king now if there were any significant
number of people who had that thought
then I would say well that does look
like an Insurrection you know I I got to
say if there if there's a whole bunch of
people there even the ones who weren't
violent if they said yeah we we think
Trump lost but we wanted him to be in
office anyway so we were trying to make
it happen well that would be an
insurrection
but do you know why you never saw that
show where they just took let's say 20
randomized people nonviolent the
nonviolent ones who were nonetheless
picked up for I know some kind of some
kind of charge and just ask them why
were you there and you would find out
that 100% of them I think would say it
looked like the election was rigged we
just wanted a little time to look into
it because looked like it was so badly
rigged in our opinion that you could
probably find the problem pretty quickly
if you just took a day to look into it
now I don't think that's true uh
obviously a lot of days have gone by and
nobody's found the the uh The Smoking
Gun of illegality lots of smoking guns
of you know what Zuckerberg spent on one
election and blah blah blah but
uh have you noticed that you don't
you don't see any kind of news where
they just put together the people who
were there the nonviolent ones and say
why were you there everything about that
narrative and therefore everything
everything about what Democrats think of
Republicans is based on that lack of
news let me say it again the most
dominant opinion that Democrats have
about the Republican well the magga part
of the party is that there that they
would support somebody you know Trump
being a king and you know be against the
Constitution because January 7th was an
Insurrection and yet it would be the
easiest thing to confirm or to debunk
just randomly get 20 people who attended
and say what were you thinking why'd you
do
it never happened do you know another
situation where that never
happened do you remember do you remember
uh the fine people hoax in
Charlottesville and the question was
were there any people there who were
just opposed or they wanted to keep the
statues but were not racists and were
not supporting or marching with the
racists because if there were then
everything that Trump said makes perfect
sense how easy would it have been to
just say oh we're CNN if any of you are
non-racist who went there just because
you like the statues for historical
reasons we'd like to put some of you
together in a little panel and you tell
us why you were
there that would be the easiest thing
they could have
done and what would those people have
said well as far as I know I'm the only
person in the country who did that I put
in a call on social media hey were there
any
non-racist people who just were there
for their own purposes and the answer
was yes and so I interviewed a few and
you know one of them did say he would go
public and I talked him out of it
because I said you know I'm not going to
let you throw your life away over
this as much as I would love you to go
public I'm not going to let you you know
I'm I'm not going to put you in that
kind of danger so it was a situation
where I couldn't go
public but I I'm sure if you know CNN or
somebody else said are there any
non-racist who want to raise their hand
it would have been easy to find a bunch
now the ones I found were uh townies
people who lived in Charlottesville and
they just saw on the news there was a
thing at the park and they they wanted
to be part of it they didn't even know
it was a Nazi Neo-Nazi organization
because they thought well it's like
everything else in America probably
there's one of everything there so
it's you know it's not like it's a
closed environment so we'll just go down
and be part of the fine
people but uh when you see them do the
same play with the January 6 to ignore
the easiest news you could ever collect
just pull some people together ask them
what they were thinking that's it ask
them what they were thinking on
Charlottesville ask them what they were
thinking on January 6 you'll never say
say it because the Democrat position
depends entirely on them telling you
what you're thinking oh what you're
really thinking is you're an
insurrectionist what you're really
thinking is that you're a
Neo-Nazi it would be the easiest thing
to debunk that just ask a bunch of
people what they were thinking real
easy uh consequential
Chan yeah um so
it seems to me that uh Bill Mah meeting
Trump could it could because Mar seems
genuinely open to the common sense
Middle Ground um it could open something
up it might make it a little bit harder
for him to just hate Trump sort of in
general but we'll see could go either
way it could just give Mill some Mar
some you know material to MOG Trump for
having a button on his desk for a Diet
Coke who knows but speaking of mar that
Ezra Klein guy I was talking about he
was on the show because I guess he's got
a book out now that's called abundance
that's getting a lot of Buzz now the
Democrats as you know don't have any
leadership and uh they they seem to be
rallying around this book so
so Mar again trying to find that logical
Middle Ground was supporting the idea of
needing to cut overregulation
here's what their newest smartest guy
Ezra Klein said about that he said that
you don't want to use the word
deregulate that the Democrats should
stop talking about
deregulation because the word has a bad
meaning to them uh and that instead they
should talk about some rules are good
and some are
bad now do you know what that sounds
like that sounds like another prominent
Democrat saying the only thing wrong is
our
message again the only thing wrong is
the word no it's not the word the word
was never the problem everybody likes
deregulation if they've ever tried to
get anything done the only people who
wouldn't like deregulation are people
who have never had to get anything done
in the real world you know people just
collecting a check or what however they
live but if you tried to build
something I think Bill Mah tried to
change his roof to make it less burnable
and ran into the regulation wall so even
Bill Maher thinks we have too many
regulations and says he says California
needs an Elon Musk to deregulate
it now that's that's about as far as you
could possibly go into the total Common
Sense part of the world yes Common Sense
doge is getting rid of too many
regulations yes we need one in
California because California has too
many
regulations and what does uh Klein say
about
that he changes the
subject here there's their best and
brightest at the moment
and he says
uh he says that that the real weakness
for Trump is the economy so that the
Democrats should be talking about the
economy so he basically completely
ignores that gigantic Common Sense area
that Mar is trying to populate and he
just won't go there because Common Sense
doesn't win it for Democrats but you can
say things about Trump's handling of the
economy that the average person won't
know if you're right or wrong
so they can say things like oh he he's a
he's using a chainsaw instead of a
scalpel well that doesn't mean anything
and it also doesn't tell you which one
was the right
tool maybe he is using a chainsa instead
of a scalpel now can you tell me what
was the right tool what was the right
tool and what do you base that on it's
just
ridiculous word play you know it's just
throwing words at something there's no
argument there whatsoever if the
argument was 100% of the time people try
to go hard it doesn't work
out well that could be easily debunked
because there are plenty of cases where
the smartest people in the world will
tell you you know it's better to go fast
and make some mistakes and then fix them
so even their most basic thing they say
is not based on any argument whatsoever
it's just hoping that they're Cas
doesn't know the
difference and then Ezra says that
Trump's weak on the economy because he's
going to do poorly on the
economy what exactly would be Ezra
Klein's qualifications for judging Trump
on
economics well I looked at his
educational background and it's
political
science so how does he know that Trump's
doing poorly on economics
and what ex what area would that be
would it be tariffs that they pretend
they don't understand is a negotiating
position if your if your opinion is that
Trump will be bad on economics because
you personally don't understand that the
Tariff thing is a negotiating
stick that's just you being bad at
understanding things that has nothing to
do with Trump being bad at economics
because we don't know how that's going
to turn out but like I said yesterday if
you were to fast forward two years do
you think our trade deals will be worse
than they were before the tariffs does
anybody think that do you think they'll
be the
same almost certainly you know nothing's
100% but almost
certainly all of this tariff stuff is
going to result in getting stuff we want
either more help on fenel at the border
or better trade deals and we're already
seeing movement in that direction so is
Ezra Klein the Tariff expert what about
inflation what about all this cost
cutting and
deregulation I don't know any business
person who is against any of that so
what exactly are the places that Ezra
kin is looking at to suggest that Donald
Trump is bad to
economics I don't see it to me it looks
like every movie is has been on point
from the the gold card to tariffs to uh
eggs from turkey and South Korea to
opening up our energy markets
to uh bringing all these big investments
in from other
countries so and and possibly unwinding
our financial involvement in Ukraine so
where's the bad economy part well what
is he even looking at the these are such
weak um leadership claims they're
absolutely empty they they've got
nothing to them and there's nobody even
smart talking about
it
anyway and then Klein says that Trump uh
only wins with voters who don't like to
think about politics and are not
watching the
news do you want to know another way to
say that
that Trump is popular with people who
have not been brainwashed by one area of
the News That's the really brainwashers
more than anything else now as I've
often said I'm pretty sure that Trump
voters have a at least a passing
understanding of what the people on the
left believe but also what they believe
the people on the left seem to only
understand what they believe
so the people who are opposed to Trump
are only taking a steady diet of pure
propaganda from the pure propaganda news
sites but their take on that is that
they're the ones who were right the ones
who are who are exposed to Pure
propaganda because they don't know their
news is not
real and one of the things that I've
said that gives me great peace is you
can't really have a political
conversation with someone who thinks
their news sources are
real you can't how many of you have ever
tried it the the moment you get into it
you hit a fake news it it happens in 10
seconds well you know this or that might
be your opinion and then the very next
thing is you hear well well you know he
tried to overthrow the country on
January 6 okay where did that come from
not from Real News came from
propaganda anyway
um Trump's revoking the security
clearances for Biden Harris and
Clinton now the the Biden and Harris
part makes sense but did you know that
Hillary Clinton still had security
clearance that surprised me I I guess
you just have it until they take it away
right
if you ever have a security clearance
then you always have it that feels like
a terrible thing because would that mean
that Clinton had ongoing access to you
know confidential government stuff even
while she was out of office is that
true I don't know in other news Conor
McGregor seems to be uh running for
president of Ireland now I saw a report
on that I don't know know if that's
totally confirmed but uh I don't know
how that will go so he's got a lot of
baggage um you know there accusations
against him and there's going to be
plenty of people who are anti- Conor
McGregor but uh here I did a little
research on him and here's what I can
tell you he definitely has all the
persuasion skills it would
take so if you're going to judge on
persuasion I would hate to be on the
other side
so here are some of the things that
other writers have attributed to him he
likes Talent
Stacks in with those words Talent
Stacks um he likes systems over
goals again using those very
words and he likes affirmations and
visualizations and these have been key
to his success um in his primary
field any of that sound familiar Talent
Stacks systems over goals affirmations
and
visualizations
yeah yeah I I wouldn't underestimate
him because he he's working with the
best tools that anybody ever had if I do
say so myself so yeah Conor
McGregor um he's got the he's got the
full set so he could make it potentially
I'm not I'm not going to call him as the
winner cuz I don't know who he'd run
against I don't know what I don't know
what negatives he has but skill-wise
full Talent stack yep or or what he
doesn't have he'll have
soon
um so you know by now that the New York
Times has been accused by the Trump
administration of lying in an article
about uh Elon Musk having a Alle meeting
planned with the Pentagon in which they
were going to share secret plans War
plans about you know what we would do if
there were a war with China now
according to uh Sean Parnell he's a
pentagon spokesperson and according to
Trump and according to musk that was
never true it was just completely made
up now I remind you that when I first
talked about this story I said there's a
tell in the story a signal that it's not
true do you remember what the signal was
so before it was confirmed that it
wasn't
true it was obvious it wasn't true and
that's because the source or soures were
Anonymous
sources they weren't whistleblowers they
were Anonymous sources and it's the New
York Times if you put those two things
together it's about Trump or about musk
so it's same thing um it's about musk
Trump it's in the New York Times and
it's about this time during the you know
during the term and it's Anonymous
sources and it's something that sounds
crazy when you hear
it every part of that screamed fake
news and it looks like it
was so here's another uh funny one the
uh
there was a poll on who's leading for
you know to be the candidate for 2028 on
the Democrat side and apparently KLA
Harris comes out way on top uh and she
has a double digigit lead over the
closest potential competitor which is
Buddha judge who only had 10%
support so she got 36% of the support
from Democrat and Democrat leading
people now I assume that the field of
potential people was limited in this
this poll so maybe there were some
people who would look better than her
but we're not on the list I don't know
but it does suggest that Democrats can't
learn
anything because if you hadn't learned
by now that KL Harris is not exactly the
warrior you
need how are you ever going to learn it
I I feel like this is just another
batshit crazy woman and stuff where
where women just say which one's the
woman okay which one's the most famous
woman who's also a woman of color okay
got it KL Harris I don't think there's a
lot of thinking that went into
this um certainly not a lot of
competitive thinking as in who could win
so the uh Democrats continue to be
completely leaderless and rudderless I
was watching some of the video of uh
Bernie Sanders and uh AO AOC doing their
anti-
oligarch
tour what would be more
beatable than the group that's doing the
anti- oligarch tour where they have more
billionaires who give money to their
side than the other side it's the most
debunk thing you could do it's the
George Soros party and the only thing
that the democ the only thing
Republicans did is they got a few
billion iones on their side because the
few billionaires said uhoh it looks like
you're destroying the country entirely
and if we don't save it we're we're all
dead
so I don't think this anti oligarch
thing is even a little bit
smart uh as Federman said and I said
before he said it I don't think anybody
knows what an oligarch is or why it
matters you know they might be able to
Define it but who are the oligarchs why
does it matter like why is that not good
for you if if they do
well I know a lot of
questions while the governor of Maine
you might remember spoke up at a uh
White House meeting one time about the
Banning of uh uh biological men and
women's sports and the mayor I'm sorry
the governor of Maine said they're not
going to buckle to the Trump
administration's requirements that uh to
get Federal funding that they stopped
doing that but the state universities
who were the target of that messaging um
said they would comply meaning that they
would ban biological men in women's
sports uh but now Trump wants the
governor to do a full-throated
apology
now is he saying full throated apology
because it's kind of of funny to say it
that
way am I the only one who thinks
something's sexual when I hear that I
want an apology but a full-throated one
to which I say what exactly is in the
full
throat that's a weird choice of words so
I don't know I like it because it's
provocative but uh yeah Trump wants a
full-throated apology from the governor
of Main
well let's talk about uh Stephen A Smith
you know Stephen A Smith's been making a
lot of noise because although his main
job is a ESPN commentator he's been
talking about politics a lot and uh he's
also tried to find that that uh Common
Sense Common Ground sort of the bill M
Common Ground um but uh James O'Keefe
and his
OMG O'Keefe Media Group they got a
undercover uh recording of an ESPN
producer who calls a Stephen A Smith
quote an angry black
man and thinks he's crazy and has no
idea about
politics so that's from a producer at
ESPN um and said uh about uh discussions
about the Middle East um
ESPN producer questioned his is you know
what what does he know about Gaza you
know if he's talking about the Lakers in
one minute you know what are the odds he
has something to add about
Gaza
now um I'm I'm going to defend Stephen A
Smith because I kind of like him so so
it's hard to it's hard to criticize
somebody that you kind of
like I like the fact that he's so good
at what he does does so if his job is to
make you interested and to make you not
turn the channel and to make you say I
could listen to a little more of what he
has to say he's really good at that like
really really good his communication
skills are just off the chart and his
performance skills and I'm going to call
it performance really
good so when I hear him talk about any
of these political topics I'm actually
interested it because he's someone who
seems to be trying to find some common
sense area he seems to be smarter than
the average person by a lot and he
communicates so well so you put all that
together and I do want to hear what he
says about Gaza do I think that he's an
expert on Gaza no I don't think anybody
is I just don't think anybody is so if
you've got somebody who might disagree
with me but he's really good at commun
iting and he maybe has a point of view
that other people share as well I I'm
all over that why don't I want to hear
that so I disagree with
ESPN I think that he's a smart
well-informed voter who's not an expert
on any of those topics but as a
representative
of people who have maybe have also
similar views he's just such a good
communicator that why is that not
interesting to me it is like uh to me
that's exactly what I'd I'd like to see
more of it and you know it'd be
different if I thought he couldn't
change his mind if the data changed but
there's no indication of that the
indication is that he if he saw
different data or new facts emerged that
he would go back and recook up a new
opinion based on the new data so I just
respect it
now uh now it probably doesn't
hurt that I like common sense and and he
seems to at least have some you know
empathy for finding the Common Sense
part of the world so I'm going to just
defend him on that I wouldn't mind
seeing more of his opinions on politics
at
all
um so apparently the uh government
already has a sixth generation fighter
jet uh called the f-47
f47 sounds like somebody insulting
president number 47 but that's not I
think that's a coincidence I don't know
um and apparently it outmatches anything
that the rivals have CBS News is writing
about this um but the thing that scares
me a little bit is apparently it's been
flying for nearly five
years what does it mean to you that our
most advanced jet has been flying for 5
years but doesn't seem to be in
production that's not a good that's not
a good sign is it you know if he' been
flying for one year or two I'd say okay
you know you got to really test this
thing but five five suggests that they
haven't solved it yet in other words
they haven't solved making
it as survivable or as deadly as it
needs to be so I'm going to be a little
skeptical
about that and I'm also
skeptical about its value in the age of
drones is there anything that this thing
can do that you couldn't do with a
drone at the moment maybe yes like you
know literally today probably yes but
aren't we like 10 minutes away from
drones doing everything that this thing
can do you know I feel like we are feel
feels like you know not having somebody
in the Drone would be
better anyway so remember when uh all
the Democrats said uh if you cut the
Department of Education it will be bad
for disabled
students and uh it will be bad for the
nutrition
programs so you monster you might be
getting rid of some things that aren't
that important but you're also getting
rid of the special needs programs that I
guess were funded through that entity
and the uh school lunch programs that
were also funded
federally and then Trump just signs a
signs a deal and he says no those will
be handled by Bobby Kennedy's Health and
Human Services and I'm thinking Health
and Human
Services that kind of makes sense
doesn't it for the uh special needs
students Health Human Services for
nutrition programs Health Human Services
so it looks like the you know taking
care of the people who needed those
specific Services looks like that will
be fully funded as far as I can tell
from
now so did you know that the complaints
about the Department of Education were
always the Democrat
complaints I
did I did because Doge has always had
and I'm I'm going to call this part of
the Doge work even though I don't know
if Doge was specifically the main driver
of this but Doge has always said we're
going to cut things but when we find out
there are things that shouldn't be cut
we'll make sure they don't get cut or
they get moved somewhere else or they
get funded some some other way and there
it
is speaking of Robert Kenedy Jr um he's
trying to ban cell phones and schools
but not exactly for the reason you
expected uh Banning cell phones and
schools probably would be good just
because the kids would pay attention and
it would take away their dopamine
Source um but Kennedy is worried about
the electromagnetic radiation which he
says and I don't know what studies back
this but he says has been shown to do
neurological damage to kids when it's
around them all day now I definitely
like to know more about
that but I'm going to tell you a story
from my phone company days that you've
heard before but if you haven't heard it
in this context it might not it might
have hit you differently right so this
is a real story at the dawn of uh
smartphones before they had a smart
screen they were uh what do they call
them micro cell phones or something like
that so all the phone companies were
Rush
to build out uh very small uh cell
phones instead of these big bricks that
were the only way you could make a cell
phone in the early days and so I was
right in the middle of that literally in
a lab which studied that stuff and and
other phone company stuff and so one of
my co-workers somebody in my group was a
top engineer and he was asked to study
the danger from the cell phones
to find out if we could really be in
this business safely because it was an
issue back then and he studied
everything that was written looked at
all the studies about cell phones and he
came came back with the uh
recommendation that they were safe and
that the business could go
ahead pretty good right he studied all
the studies decided you know he had some
engineering argument why these
particular uh you know magnetic
radiations wouldn't affect your brain
and blah blah blah so he did all the
work came back said perfectly
safe I was sitting next to him one day
while all that was happening and
privately I said to him would you would
you use one of these phones cuz believe
it or not those are the days where
people didn't have a cell phone in their
pocket yet I said would you use one and
he looked at me and he said no
his personal opinion was that it wasn't
safe his professional opinion was that
it was
safe the company only cared about his
professional opinion and they went ahead
and they produced the phones and did
very well and then eventually
smartphones came now I'm no
expert but if we can't count the number
of people in the world to within a
billion
and and we've been told that the food
pyramid was upside down until it
wasn't and we're still told that
scientists can measure the temperature
of the entire planet and compare it to
the earlier decades completely
absurd um what do you believe about the
science about phones and
radiation the correct answer is you
shouldn't believe
anything so I don't know what studies
Kennedy is looking at and I don't know
if it's the same effect for adults I
hope not but
um there's nothing you can
believe you know the the financial
incentive to fake a study like this is
just so off the chart just it we're
talking about hundreds of billions of
dollars hanging on the industry saying
it's safe and keeping it keeping us
believing it's safe so don't believe
anything meanwhile according to
interesting engineering there's a over
in Germany uh they found a efficient way
it's the efficiency that's the story not
not that you can do it at all but an
efficient way to turn CO2 they suck that
of the air into jet
fuel um and the important part is not
that they can do it because we've been
able to do that for a while but we
couldn't do it efficiently so it's not
like you could actually start making jet
fuel it wasn't that good but now they
can and uh they're looking at
making um just a crap ton a ton of jet
fuel a day from one facility that's
working with Sunfire and climb Works
climb works is a company that sucks CO2
out of the
air they've been around a while now uh
may I may I complete this this uh Story
the way you want me to there's something
missing right and it goes like
this if you take all the CO2 out of the
atmosphere all our plants are going to
die and then we will all starve to
death so whatever you do Scott don't be
in favor of sucking CO2 out of the air
because the more we have the better
that's what you're thinking that's what
you're thinking but I don't think we're
talking about sucking enough out of the
air that it would make any difference so
I could be
wrong meanwhile according to interesting
engineering Ukraine is testing a zigzag
drone that has a four barrel
shotgun so now the now the drones are
going to have firearms a four barrel
shotgun so it can do dog fights with
other
drones so if you want to take down a
drone with your drone you can send up
your shotgun drone and just Blast away
at the other
drones so does that scare you at
all you know and I'll say again that
we're sort of in this weird part of
History where drone Warfare is you know
under development and it's going it's
come a long way but it hasn't fully
replaced human soldiers but weirdly
we're at the very time in history where
Ukraine is running out of human soldiers
but they're doing great on unmanned you
know crafts and robots and robot dogs
and and
drones so it could be makes me wonder if
zilinsky is smart enough to know that
they're six months away from being able
to completely defend their border
without new troops in other words you
wouldn't need many to you know just tell
the drones to do what they need to do so
could it be that the real reason that
zalinski is sort of stalling and you
know he he doesn't want to make the deal
that we all think he should make could
it be that he knows
more about what the future of drone
Warfare looks like because they are
right on the cusp of just not needing
human soldiers at the front right at the
cusp and if they can get to that point
where they just don't need any human
soldiers you know except whoever is
running the drones in the background I
don't know maybe maybe think that they
think that would change the nature of
the war and they could at least
negotiate better I don't
know meanwhile according to Emily crane
in the New York Post um Israel is
threatening
Hamas uh that the Israel will take
permanent control of some parts of G
Gaza if Hamas doesn't free the remaining
hostages now they're not talking about
all of Gaza but they're saying that some
part of it that they would take
permanent control so what does that
remind you
of now they're not going to take all of
Gaza but if they don't get those
hostages they might take permanent
control of some of
it that's called the cats on the
roof so Hamas is getting the cats on the
roof story if you don't know the cats on
the roof story I won't give you the
whole story but the idea is that it's
way to gently break the bad news to
somebody you know the in the there's a
joke about the cat on the roof and blah
blah blah
um but here's what I think is
happening as I've been saying for quite
some time it's kind of obvious that
Israel's never going to give back Gaza
it's kind of obvious that they're going
to take full control of it
and I don't think they're going to say
hey Trump you take control of it I don't
think so I don't think they're going to
say you know what it'd be great if Saudi
and some of our friendlier neighbors
like Jordan maybe control Gaza I don't
think
so it doesn't seem likely at all it
seems completely obvious to me that the
uh long-term ownership of Gaza will be
Israel and they'll just own it
completely and Hamas will be 100%
destroyed now but I think this is just
how they start breaking it to them if
you don't give us back those hostages
and they know they're not going to get
the hostages back at least not all of
them then we're going to keep at least a
little bit of
Gaza and then check back in a few months
well you know if you still don't give
back the hostages CU we're not going to
have them back in a few months we're we
might take a little bit more of
Gaza and uh uh one of their uh defense
minister I guess he said The more Hamas
continues its refusal to release the
kidnapped the more territory it will
lose to Israel and there it
is at this point Israel is not really
disadvantaged by Hamas not releasing the
hostages I mean it's terrible if you're
the family member or friends it's the
worst thing in the world but from a
strategic perspective they're just
gaining land so the longer Hamas says no
on the hostages the more guaranteed it
is that there will be no Hamas and there
will be no Gaza under the control of
anybody but Israel so that's
coming according to an article in Time
Magazine Alana Samuels is writing about
this uh
apparently there's a sort of a private
weird little uh health insurance group
that's been formed of 10,000 members who
just pay for each other's health care
but it's
optional so I'm really interested in
this so the way it works is if you you
need some Health Care um I guess you pay
for it but then maybe you can get
reimbursed so you say I just uh broke my
arm and it cost me uh you know I don't
know
$1,500 to get it all wrapped up and then
other people
voluntarily voluntarily allow some of
their money to go toward paying that but
they don't have to so you could be in
the group and and be a person who ask
for money without being a person who
ever gives any money however here's the
the fun part your reputation will be
tracked so if you're a person who never
never gives to anybody else's health
care and again you're not paying all the
health care because lots of people would
be involved so you'd be paying you know
your part of it little part of it if you
never do then then when you break your
arm and you ask the other people in the
group to help you pay for it well
they're going to see that maybe you
weren't paying for it so much yourself
for other people and they may be a
little more reluctant to pay now I
imagine if you're poor or you're going
through bad
times um if if you could see that it
somebody who paid often but not every
time you might say to yourself probably
just low income and so the fact that
they paid anything ever because it's
voluntary you know shows good character
so yeah I'll pay for your broken arm no
problem um but I suppose You' never paid
for
anybody and then you ask for payment
well maybe you don't get fully fully
covered so it's a really interesting
model and I'm not going to go so far as
to say that I predict it will work but
it's working well enough that 10,000
people are voluntarily part of it and uh
at least some of them seem to like it a
lot so I'm going to say uh this is
impressive this is is just the free
market and Free People just being
impressive so good on them so even if it
doesn't work out in the long run I'm
completely happy that somebody tested
it how we doing here on time perfect um
so Owen gregorian's going to do an
Afterparty so in just a few minutes and
he'll be on uh well just look for spaces
on X spaces is the audio only um app and
if you've got X that's built into the
app and just look for Owen
Gregorian and uh you'll see the link to
it in his his feed so look for the next
coffee was Scot Adams
Afterparty and I won't take too much
time from the locals people because they
can go talk to each other at that but
everybody else thanks for joining I'll
see you tomorrow and locals I'm just
going to say hi but then you can go over
and watch uh Owen's
afterparty
e
e
e for