bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody come
on in here you know why I think you do
because it's time for something it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams always
bring a coaster never put your beverage
on your nice furniture without a coaster
unless it's glass and even then you
don't want to clean your glass but
anyway I divert j-- you didn't come here
for housecleaning suggestions did you I
think it's time to raise a mug a cup a
glass a beverage container and join me
for the simultaneous end now some people
ask me on the comments here how is my
house I think that's a reference to the
fire I'll give you another view out the
window
as you can see no but as you can see now
that's what my view looks like keep in
mind that everything above those tree
lines is normally a hundred percent
visible so we still can't really go
outside that's not an option and it's a
weird world because when you can't go
outside your world gets very small it's
almost like it's the dead of winter or
something but the fire is still a
comfortable I don't know 150 miles away
from me and you can see how much smoke
is here so imagine the poor people who
are closer to it I understand that there
are several celebrity types who have
lost their homes there's a lot of
controversy about what the government
state and or federal should have been
doing or could have been doing about
these fires there's a big question about
climate change I saw an interesting
graph by bjorn lumber Lomborg now bjorn
if you don't know him is not a climate
skeptic but he has lumped in that
category because he dares to bring
rational thought to the discussion and
I'm not even making that up what I just
said is literally true that there's a
guy named Bjorn Lomborg who is
considered a a science doubter simply
because he brings rational thought to
the discussion Alon Borg okay yeah Bjorn
Lomborg and specifically why he brings
to it is that it's not enough to look at
just the science once you think you know
what the science tells you you have to
also look at the economics so by simply
saying hey you also have to study the
economics he's considered a science
doubter
he doesn't doubt the science he doesn't
even doubt it he's just saying but you
haven't done the
comics completely and you have to do it
completely or you don't know anything
which is pretty close to my view now he
just produced a graph that showed that
the biggest decline in co2 production
was from the United States in this past
year and the reason was a little bit
coincidental because I guess there was a
shift from coal to shale gas and I guess
shale gas is far better for the co2
emissions than coal so the fact that our
the free market is doing this thing
that's that's suggesting that the Paris
Accord didn't make much difference
because the United States was the
biggest decline in co2 who was the
biggest increase in co2 China what is
killing more people than anything else
according to the climate believers the
climate right forest fires and
hurricanes and such the so the the
climate believers and I'm not doubting
this I'm not an expert on science that I
can't tell you if the forest fires are
worse or the drought is worse or the
Hurricanes are worse I don't know that
but smart people are saying that climate
change my whether it's human-made or not
that's the secondary question but it
seems to be getting worse
and if you buy into that you have to buy
into the fact that fentanyl China is
killing the United States in three
different ways one stealing all our
technology to sending fentanyl here in
killing 30,000 people a year and now
three apparently they're destroying the
atmosphere in ways that will which will
destroy our country and our economy and
the world while starving and killing
their people so I think there's no doubt
anymore that China is the biggest threat
to the survival of
and they may not even be necessarily
trying to do it intentionally but
fentanyl China is not in my opinion a
credible trading partner and we
shouldn't make any trade deal with them
until we get what we want so I'm in
favor of no trade deal at all let's just
keep terrifying them let's let's make it
hard for them to operate and maybe
they'll stop killing tens of thousands
of people in our country you can always
hope
I saw article on CNN that says that
there's a new poll about 2020
frontrunner for president on the
Democrat side who do they say is the
front-runner on the Democrat side oh
here's a big surprise I'm so surprised
it's Kamala Harris who told you that
Kamala Harris would be the chosen
Democratic candidate for president I did
when did I tell you that long time ago
months and months and months ago why did
I tell you that well who was the
front-runner on the polls the you have
to you have to admit that this is kind
of funny it's funny there for months and
months and months we've been told that
the front-runner on the Democrat side is
Joe Biden in what universe do the
Democrats put an old white man on the
top of their ticket in what universe was
that even a little bit possible let me
tell you what universe none was there
one serious person in the world who
thought Joe frickin Biden was going to
be the front-runner when it came down to
that you know actually the voting time
who really thought that and for months
I've been watching these I'm trying not
to curse as much as I want to for months
we've been watching this weird pretend
reporting where we're people on the Left
would look at
you know the rest of the country with a
straight face and say well I think this
has to be done with Dale I think Dale
has to do this yep
the front-runner for 2020 for our team
is Joe Biden I totally mean it when it
comes right down to it we're totally
gonna vote for the really oval white guy
who says embarrassing things all the
time and maybe he touches people the way
they don't want to be touched
that's totally our brand come on was
there was there anybody who believed
Syria and I mean this seriously anybody
was there one person on the planet earth
and as seven billion people was there
really even one person even Joe Biden
who thought that Joe Biden would be the
Democrats choice to run for president on
what planet was that even a little bit
possible all right so now the world has
going back into balance Kamala Harris
was always the threat she was always the
threat and she will she will rise to the
ranks until she's unless you know we
have some new surprise that we didn't
know about her let's talk about North
Korea there's an article in The New York
Times saying
wha-wha-wha the the dumb old Trump
administration fell for it again and
North Korea has all these secret missile
making plants that are ramping up so let
me summarize what I just said the New
York Times who was instrumental in
creating the Iraq war am I wrong about
that was it not New York Times reporting
that to a large extent mobilized the
country to go to war against Iraq I'm
right about that right and now they're
mobilizing us to go to war with North
Korea with similarly not good
information what yeah what kind of
credibility should you give to the New
York Times when they say there's a
country that maybe we need to bomb
because it looks like they're building
weapons of mass destruction right yeah
the New York Times is not a credible
news source for this kind of story I
would imagine that they're credible for
a range of different types of stories
there may be a whole you know universe
of things where the New York Times is
completely credible completely you know
accurate and a high standard but I don't
think it's about politics
and I don't think it's about what
countries are building weapons to go
kill us for that they are the enemy of
the people they have proven that so do
not believe anything you see coming out
of the New York Times about whether or
not we need to go to war that my friends
is not credible now I'm seeing some
reports that the Democrats are looking
to lawyer up and bury the Trump
administration with lawsuits what do you
think would happen if they do that what
do you think will happen if the
Democrats decide to go full wmd and
actually execute on all of their plans
to bury the administration in lawsuits
and discovery and indictments well
number one they will certainly lose in
2020 I suppose they would hope to be
running against Trump and have him
weakened by them but you know what they
say if you go for the if you try to kill
the king you better make sure you can do
it and how how is sure with the
Democrats be that even with this massive
blizzard of what they're going to send
against the president how sure are they
going to be
that they could take him down because if
they don't take him down
guess where Congress goes back to if you
want to give the the Republicans a total
stranglehold over the system just go
full lawyer because there's nothing that
the voting public loves more than
wasting their frickin time and ruining
their own country with lawyers there
what can you think of anything maybe
taxes what what is it the Republicans
and even Democrats I suppose hate more
of them taxes lawyers the Democrats are
going to turn their entire party into
avenatti the they're actually you know I
make fun of the Democrats for having the
worst strategies you've ever seen like
to the point where they're laughably bad
can you imagine the room when they did
the strategy let me take you into that
room now imagine if you will going back
not too far few few days ago probably in
which the Democrats were huddled and
trying to figure out how to improve
their brand I believe it went like this
well what are we gonna do to improve our
brand in the 2020 election what is a
good role model somebody who is very
popular charismatic somebody who we
would like to emulate I've got it
Michael Appa Navi
wait is that his first name Michael I
don't even know his first name because
we just call him have a nappy let's go
with avenatti he was so popular doing
 legal stuff against the
president we should just follow that
model and expand on it we should all be
often at ease instead of saying I am
Spartacus
let us say I am a vanadis no I am often
a B no I am of Inari no I am on the Navi
because if you're gonna help your brand
you want to go full avenatti
full of bloody feathers our strategy yes
yes we finally got a winning strategy
people love him right we're right about
that right people love him and all he
does yes I thought so everybody in the
room is agreeing with me full of a lobby
floor lobby this scene I believe that is
exactly what the meeting looked like may
have been more or less fist pumping what
is a vanadis first name I literally
don't know his first name by the way I
have a a brief interaction with oven
honey on Twitter I don't know if anybody
saw that but we went easy on each other
so avenatti came into one of my Twitter
comments recently and Adam I don't
remember the topic it doesn't matter but
he made some semi humorous anti-trump
comment and I made a somewhat
inoffensive joke about it Mike
so it's Michael
alright then so the Democrats have their
plan for total self immolation
the question is how successful could you
expect them to be well here's what I
would say if you're the President of the
United States I think you should just
ask the public what they want you should
just say to the public we can either
have a government that does nothing but
sue each other and and believe me if
they do try to if they do try to tie up
the government you know the president if
they try to stop the president with just
legal tricks there are some things which
you can guarantee you will happen
number one they'll will get killed in
2020 that's a guarantee number two and
by the way that apparently they're so
dumb that they're going to do it anyway
number two you can guarantee the
Republicans will respond with absolute
devastating career and life ruining kind
of tit-for-tat and it won't be just
against one person the Republicans will
try to take out the entire Democratic
hierarchy every top politician and even
probably just popular backers like put
like celebrities and stuff so if the
Democrats do as a strategy go full
lawyer full avenatti what you can
guarantee is that the Democratic side
will be devastated by what the
Republicans will do to them because they
kind of have to they have to have that
threat of mutually assured destruction
and since the Republicans will are the
Democrats will primarily be aiming at
the president and the president will at
least be a little bit insulated by the
office and armies of lawyers and stuff
like that but the the Democratic field
is wide and deep and unprotected
and they're all going to get sued into
bankruptcy and destruction so we're
probably at the verge of the Democrats
driving the country into complete
complete ruin by the avenatti
approach to governing that's what it is
right
it's the often knotty strategy let's
call it what it is they're going full
avenatti and now when you see who's the
who is the guy on the the Democrat can't
remember his name who's the Democrat who
is going to be behind all this the one
who was talking too loudly on the train
remind me his name he is not a
sympathetic character yeah if he's he's
part now the other guy was the guy who
was talking on the train Nadler Jerry
Nadler here's the other thing that the
Democrats get wrong Jerry Nadler is not
a sympathetic character so if he becomes
the face of your avenatti attack you're
doing something wrong because that makes
him the sort of the focus of your party
and he's an old white guy and if you're
an old white guy and you're trying to be
the face of the Democratic Party and
shift shift has the same problem right
if they become the face of the
Democratic Party what's that do to the
Democratic Party is that who they want
to be their standards bearers Nadler
Schiff and often Adi three white guys I
got a feeling that that's not going to
be popular on their own side I don't
know if they've done any Studies on that
so anyway finishing up if the if Nadler
and chef and those guys decide to go
full avenatti as their governing
governing plan
I think first of all they underestimate
how protected the president is meaning
that they can the president can just say
I'm not going to give you any
information
okay can you imagine the president just
saying I'll tell you what I'm not going
to give them any information until I
leave office just just period I'm just
not going to give them anything because
if I do the government will be crippled
and it's it's clear that the people
don't want that
after amount of office then you know we
can see how much of this matters but I
I've got a feeling he might just say I'm
just not going to give you anything
that's it now what about Muller and what
about this guy Whitaker I don't know if
you read the Whitaker's bio but at least
part of his biography associate
associates him closely with and I guess
he was paid by a company that was
accused of being credibly accused of
being just a scam company so if there's
nothing else that bothers you about
Whitaker and that should bother you a
lot and it's a different situation I
would say them you know somebody's gonna
say hey isn't that like Trump University
my take on Trump University is that that
was a license deal essentially and the
person who licenses even if they do a
commercial for it they really don't know
what's happening in the company so it's
it's completely believable that
candidate Trump President Trump
privacy's and Trump had I guess hundreds
of entities that were licensed or
businesses under his control he would do
little commercials for lots of them the
odds that Trump actually knew what Trump
University was doing that got them in
trouble are pretty low it's pretty low
that they hear that he actually
understood what was happening there
because that's just not how licensing
deals work I've licensed you know I've
personally have licensed to hundreds of
companies I don't know what they do oh
you just make sure that something about
the license looks good but if then you
license it and that company goes off and
does terrible things it's not like
you're checking all their work all you
did is license a character or license a
name and indeed I'm currently working
with lots of companies you know
publishers my syndication company a
number of other companies
how much do I know about what they're
doing that I might not like not a lot
not lot but in the case of Whitaker he
was actually a lawyer and he had a sort
of a key role in that company so I would
say there's very little chance that
Whitaker is going to remain in the job
especially the way Trump has has talked
about him lately saying he doesn't
really know him if that there's nothing
else you really need to know if you're
trying to predict what's going to happen
to Whitaker the president's saying well
I don't really know the guy there's not
much else to talk about by the way did
you know that you can give me super
hearts if you don't know arts are they
are down by the comments there's a
little heart that's got little lines
coming off it if you press that that
would give you the ability to send me
tiny amounts of money to say thank you
for your content and can you put it on
more platforms so that the money that I
make from the super hearts and the money
I make from the patreon account which is
that Scott Adam says that money is very
small but it goes toward just putting
this content on different platforms so
all it does is spread the message it
doesn't make me rich so if you want to
do that that's how you do it yes so
they're down by the comments section on
the comment
line there should be a little icon of a
heart if you push it you'll see some
options for how to use those and thank
you thank you for all the for all of
those who you did now let's talk about
what else you want to talk about oh so
I'm saying that let's talk about the
election so remember I told you the
thing to worry about with all this
election allegations is that we were
very much in the fog of war and if
there's one concept which can be very
very useful to you it is how to
understand this fog of war stuff now the
fog of war where that saying comes from
is that in war it's very hard to get
information about what's really
happening because there's a fog and
complexity and people are lying and you
can't get information so the first
reports out of any kind of a war zone
tend to be unreliable because of the fog
of war but this also applies to almost
any political news almost any political
news will also have a fog of war quality
because the world is a complicated place
now and when it's complicated and there
are people on both sides and there are
lots of people reporting and there's
people making up stuff and the first
version of events gets misreported and
somebody didn't hear something so you
should have expected that everything
coming in a Broward County about the
recount no matter where you heard it
whether you heard it from someone who
you trust I would say in this context
Marco Rubio would be completely honest
about what he believes this happening so
I don't think that Marco Rubio is
telling any lies here he seems like a
pretty straight shooter when it comes to
stuff like this you know I'm not gonna
say that every single thing he's ever
said passes every fact check but on
stuff like this
my impression is that Marco Rubio is
completely straight in terms of
reporting this which is different from
saying he's right because he's also in
the fog of war he's reporting on things
that look questionable and they're
certainly questionable so it's
completely honest to say hey we're
hearing this we saw this we don't
understand why this could be this seems
unusual etc so you should certainly pay
attention to that and it makes perfect
sense that there's a serious
investigation and people are trying to
get to the bottom of it that said I
don't believe we found anything that
qualifies as proof of manipulation
beyond the trivial yet I think there was
something like 12 votes that got mixed
in with 200 or something but you can't
really count that as as meaning
something about the whole of course
there are small errors nobody's
questioning that but you know or 22
somebody's saying but if it's small
numbers that doesn't mean anything if
it's really tens of thousands you really
got to look at that so so somebody's
saying it's untrue so so I made it a
statement that there's nothing of
significance that has been proven for
voter fraud somebody immediately said
that's not true this is my point we're
all looking at the same stuff and we're
seeing completely different versions of
it we don't know which is true whoever
it is who's positive you've seen
something that tells you absolutely
there's a big problem you don't know
that you just know what some new source
told you some pundit imagined somebody
hallucinate it you don't really know
anything it's total fog of war I also
don't know anything because I'm in the
same fog that you are so it is important
to take everything you hear so far about
Broward with a gigantic grain of salt I
would say that they are no more
everything you hear and have broward for
a while it will be no more dependable
than the New York Times talking about
talking about Noor Iraq we're talking
about North Korea it's a very low
standard of dependability that said
could there be a massive voter fraud
very easily I would say the odds that
Broward is actually a case of exactly
what it looks like and you know I'm not
immune to the fact that it looks even to
my eyes as much as I'm trying to be
objective and not jump to conclusion I
have the same reaction most of you do
which is well it certainly looks like
there's massive voter fraud but looking
like it is very different than it
actually being there so it can it is
possible in fact it is likely that it
can look like massive fraud without an
existing it could look like that so just
wait shall we have a second simultaneous
it Ali Alexander and Laura Loomer have
the evidence
well our ally Alexander and Laura Loomer
two people who understand the situation
and Broward well enough and have enough
access that you should trust them during
the fog of war now no offense to either
those people but it wouldn't it wouldn't
matter who you replace them with in my
example you could take them out put in
whoever you want if you like somebody
else better we're not in a place where
you can believe anything we're just not
there
yeah other people are saying they don't
have any evidence so the thing you can
be sure of is that some people will say
they have the evidence and some people
will say they don't so what do you know
if you know only those two things you
don't really know anything which is my
point
yeah so a ballot box was found in a
closet what does that tell you that
tells you something about one ballot box
if they were trying to change an
election they had I don't know a
difference of thousands and thousands
would they do it by putting one ballot
box in the closet
not likely
I mean that the example that you give oh
they found a ballot box in a closet that
operates against your theory not for it
if they found a warehouse full of ballot
boxes well you'd have a really good
point there if they found one ballot box
in one closet you don't know anything
yeah I know some of you're saying well
well what if there are many many closets
well that is speculation check the other
closets oh yeah of course you'd want to
you'd want to get as much information as
you can but if all you know so far is
one closet one ballot box that argues
deeply for incompetence you probably had
a minor level it does not argue for a
conspiracy it argues against it because
it seems like it'd be a lot of work to
have one ballot box in one closet in
lots of different places because the
problem with that conspiracy is you'd
have to have what hundreds of people in
on it and hundreds of people would have
to coordinate there one box in there one
closet and and wait for the secret the
secret signal all right take your box
out of the closet everybody drive to the
rented car that's a stretch so my take
on the ballot box in the closet yes is
shouldn't you
raises questions and I'd like to know
the answers to them as would you but
it's not evidence of massive fraud it's
math it's evidence of one box in one
closet that's what it is
now of course you should wonder if there
are other closets with other boxes but
until that comes into evidence all you
know is one box in one closet why our
boxes being misplaced somebody says so
far one box so you should ask him not
why our boxes misplaced but why is box
why is that one box in the whole
freaking country misplaced in the closet
well probably lots of things got
misplaced that day but they probably
don't add up to much microfarad now as
hard as I'm trying to convince you that
you haven't seen evidence that you
should consider reliable yet and I'm
trying pretty hard to take you to that
place I still have the same questions
you do which is that given what we've
seen it does look like massive fraud to
me it looks like it to me
but that's different from it being true
all right I spent much of yesterday
talking to people who had seen
ridiculous things and thought they were
true I'm not even gonna tell you what
topic it was but let me say I spent much
of yesterday talking to people deeply
hypnotized who believed they had seen
things that literally don't exist and
were convinced by evidence that wasn't
evidence they had seen an orange and
thought it was a banana right in front
of them and they are absolutely positive
that their version of reality is correct
so just being positive that things look
fishy and there's no other way you could
explain it doesn't mean anything and by
the way one of the one of the topics in
my upcoming book called loser thing is
how a lack of imagination can really
hurt you
I don't know if when it was last time or
if I have explained this before the
somebody's asking me how do you explain
X that is a perfect introduction to my
point thank you let me say something
that you're gonna hate if your argument
for why you believe something is quote
how do you explain X unless this is true
if that's your version of understanding
the world then you have one of the worst
ways to understand the world anybody had
let's say you put two people together oh
well let me give you a specific example
so somebody said to me if Q is not real
you all know who q miss if Q is not real
how do you explain that a photograph
that the president tweeted I think had
as its file name do it Q how do you
explain that Scott how do you explain
that
now here's my here's my point today if
you're asking the question so oh how do
you explain that unless you're almost
always hallucinating not every time but
when you hear that setup you almost can
walk away from the conversation if
that's you how would you explain this
how would you explain this when somebody
asks how would you explain you think
what they're saying is these sex line up
to tell one story that's not what's
happening when somebody says how do you
explain this unless here's what they're
actually saying I have a bad imagination
that's how you should hear that whenever
anybody says to you well then how do you
explain an X the first thing you should
think is this person I'm talking to has
a very bad imagination that's mostly the
problem most of the time now sometimes
how do you explain X does actually mean
that there's only one explanation and
you know you can get a conviction etc
but in the real world outside of the
court system how do you explain X almost
always and I'm gonna say nine and ten
times simply means you have a bad
imagination so let's go back to my
example so somebody who was a queue
follower said well if Q isn't real how
do you explain that the president
tweeted something they had as a filename
do it q how do you explain that Scott
explain that to me try to explain that
to me all right here's my explanation
the President of the United States
doesn't name files do I need to go on
the most obvious explanation is this
somebody else named the file and then
somebody who thought it was funny and
maybe there are a queue followers or
whatever and they thought well this is
funny I'll just name it this file and
stick it in there and see what happens
or the president just tweeted a file and
didn't know what the file name was
because it didn't matter or it's a
complete coincidence and there the file
names all had random letters and you
know there's a lot of people tweeting a
lot of stuff and somebody was gonna do
something they had a key with it and
something else that made sense so if you
can't imagine what the other
explanations are that's a failure of
imagination yeah or a typo somebody said
it could just be a typo if you can't
even imagine
what the other possibilities are you
haven't proven that something happened
you have proven you have a bad
imagination do people get that is that
point clear because it violates almost
everything that the average person
operates under it's almost the opposite
of your worldview for most people and I
will further make this point imagination
the ability to imagine is if it's like
every other human capability probably
you know fits some kind of a normal
curve and by that I mean most people
have an or
average imagination the ability to
imagine is just sort of normal some
people have an extraordinary ability to
imagine other people have no ability to
imagine indeed we learned recently that
there are a lot of people in the world
quite a few them and as a percentage
it's not that many but enough that you
probably know one who literally can't
imagine things visually there are a
whole bunch of people don't have visual
imagination and didn't know it some
people were asking recently wait a
minute are you saying that you could
imagine what it would look like like
walking through a room that you're not
in - which I say yes I can imagine that
almost like it's real my personal powers
of imagination are obviously
commercial-grade
because what I do for a living living is
imagine things and write them down and
make them interesting so I've not only
been working on my imagination forever
but I feel like maybe I was born with
some kind of advantage you know it's
just one of the random things that
happens sometimes you go to things
sometimes you're bad at things and I
feel like I was born with some you know
natural capacity for imagination which I
have honed over 30 years of career in
which I used my imagination commercially
every day on a lot of different topics
much of it visual so if you say to me
Scott how can you explain if this is
true this must mean X my first reaction
is OK it could mean this or this or this
or this it could be this or this or this
or this
it could mean this or this or this or
this or this or though so this or this
or this or this over there so this or
this or this or this or this because I
have a really good imagination and I'll
guarantee you that we'll just get rid of
all the people who say that and I
guarantee you that people who have less
let's say practiced imaginations can now
come up with 10 alternatives that are
more likely than whatever the dumbass
thing that people are thinking I usually
can I usually
look at the situation and come up with
ten stories about what it could have
been that's not the the story somebody
believes if you can't automatically come
up with multiple explanations to explain
every case of well if this is true have
you explained it if it's not if you
can't come up with ten right away the
problem is your imagination okay it's
not imagination it's critical thinking
is it
yeah I'm tempted to say that the problem
is a lack of critical thinking and when
I write about it in my book I will
actually put it in that context as well
but what I'm saying is that in some
cases you really cannot imagine an
alternative let me let me give you an
example let's say you you watch somebody
walk into a room you'd have to come up
with a constrained example but there are
certainly cases where you have in let's
say in the context of a court case there
are certainly cases where the evidence
is somebody's on the video the DNA is
there you've got a picture of them
you've got their DNA you've got ten
witnesses and they've confessed is a
really a second alternative in that case
right it's not a cat it's not a question
of critical thinking it's a question we
have as I described that situation you
literally can't imagine another
explanation I have a good imagination I
can't imagine if all of those pieces of
evidence were true and it's on video and
you've got DNA and all that I can't
imagine any alternative to the fact that
it's exactly what you think it is so
look for situations which are
constrained like a court case there were
always good for good for understanding
what limits of things are but in the
wild in the real world almost every time
in the real world there's not enough
information to rule out lots of
alternative expo
the real world is messy you were really
bad understanding let me give you an
example here's an example I'm writing
about in my book so I'll give you a
reason my my car is very dirty so for a
rich guy I have an unusually dirty car
part of it is that it's a kind of car
where the brake pads are always messing
up the wheels so two days after I get it
washed it looks filthy anyway but my car
is very dirty if you saw my car and you
saw that it was very dirty and you knew
it was my car what assumption would you
make about why my car is dirty go what
possible reason would a rich guy who has
the money and the time I could you know
I can easily take care of this lazy
right if you knew me you'd know that I
have money so you wouldn't think I was
poor you might think I was too busy you
might think I was lazy my thing I'm
saving water I'll bet not one of you can
come up with a real reason right so
watch how you're all imagining different
possibilities none of you have the right
reason here's the reason and this is a
cautionary tale about the limits of
imagination
the real reason my car is dirty is that
the the self car washes where you can
you know you get gas then you can clean
your car those are what I would be using
if I were washing my car on a regular
basis maybe I'd get it detailed at
different times so basically I would
just use the car wash the reason I don't
do it I have a fear of Public
instruction's did anybody see that did
any did any of your hypotheses be well
Scott has a fear of Public instruction's
nobody guess that here's what I mean if
I Drive into the carwash
and somebody you know in the line of
cars are behind me and they pull up to
this unfamiliar situation where there
all these instructions
be you know five different options and
you know pull your car up here and don't
do this you know do put your brakes on
don't put your brakes on remember to
take this out and take your keys hit
this thing push this button for whatever
reason one of the things I know about
myself is that I'm too literal in in a
lot of situations so in other words if I
read a sign that says wait here I'll
never leave and other people will say no
no obviously the sign means you wait
here until it's time to go and I would
say well that's not what the sign says
the sign says wait here why would I
Drive forward when the sign says wait
here
so that's a dumb example but I have real
problems interpreting public directions
because they're often written so poorly
and here's what is in my mind that's
completely rational except that it's
based on experience so it's not that
irrational
then I would get in the middle of this
group of people who just want to wash
their cars and my car would get stuck or
something would happen after I'm in the
middle of the line where for whatever
reason I can't figure out it had to make
the instructions work or the right way
to drive into the carwash and there's
something weird would happen now every
one of you should be saying to yourself
Scott what you're explaining is not
rational and how many different ways are
there to solve that there must be a
hundred ways to solve that Scott you
could take somebody with you who knows
how to do it you could just do it when
the traffic is low you could maybe read
up on it maybe you could Google about it
before you go maybe you could talk to
the person in the you know the little
attendant and have the attendant show
you how to do it all true and yet the
reason my car is dirty is because I have
a fear of Public instruction's and
embarrassing and inconveniencing other
people it's not the embarrassment
exactly I so if you think it's a bad
embarrassment that's slightly wrong it's
a fear of inconveniencing other people
it's the same reason I don't like to
golf the main reason I don't golf
if you said Scott why don't you golf you
probably would never guess my real
reason it's the same reason I don't like
to be the person who shanks one and
loses a ball and makes the foursome
behind me angry because they're waiting
to play I can't abide the situation of
inconveniencing other people to me it's
just about the worst thing and the
feeling in the world so I only point
this out not to show you that I'm weird
but to show you that in the real world
when you don't have a constrained
situation and every possibility is
possible that a lot of the reason for
stuff is completely invisible to the
average person no way you would have
known why my car is dirty but you would
have thought you did I'll bet most of
you would have bet money on it's like
okay I couldn't bet money on this he's
lazy or I can bet money on this he's a
he likes the environment so he's just
not watching it you were to come up with
lots of ideas but you want to co-op with
the real one so the word the real world
is full of unimaginable complexity which
we imagine we can understand and we
can't so when you're looking at this
Broward County situation when you're
looking at the President of the United
States is he colluding with Russia any
of these big questions you simply are
not equipped including me and I would
consider myself easily in the top 1% of
people who can imagine stuff effectively
probably easily just cuz I do it for a
living right people who do anything for
a living are going to be in the top top
percentages
all right so there you go that's my
point
don't let your lack of imagination be
confused with a certainty about what is
the only explanation for something and
by the way most of the cue believers are
suffering from exactly this the the cue
believers are not looking at positive
evidence or like proof I guess I'd call
it my evidence they're not looking at
like positive logical proof they're
mostly saying well how could you explain
this and unfortunately there are lots of
explanations for whatever this is it's a
coincidence it was not really predicted
it was just it was a good guess there
are lots and lots of ordinary
explanations because the cue thing is
exactly like a hoax so here's the thing
if somebody is doing something that
looks exactly like a hoax and has all
the characteristics of a hoax and your
take out of this well how could it not
be true if that's your take it just
means that you've not been exposed to
enough hoaxes because if you've seen
enough of them they're kind of obvious
after a while I personally have studied
hoaxes it's actually a field of interest
I've studied how to do magic because
it's had a fool people
I've studied hypnosis because it's had a
fool people I've studied persuasion
because it's essentially the same thing
so I've studied field after field after
field I've looked at mass hysteria so
I've really looked into them I know what
a scam and a hoax looks like and they
have a very distinctive characteristic q
is one of those now if you're telling me
how do you explain this file name how do
you explain this Scott the answer is I
could give you a ten explanations and
they're all every one of the ones I
could imagine may not be true but
they're all more likely than Hugh is
magic but he gets a lot of things wrong
because that helps you do your own reach
if you just say it out loud what what
are the ways to tell you're in a hoax is
to just say out loud what it is just
just use the words that say it out loud
well I believe that there's a mysterious
person named Q who claims to have secret
information to predict the future we
know that much if not most of those
predictions are not true but he's still
doing it because it helps us learn to do
our own research did I say anything that
wasn't actually a good description of Q
right there I don't think so
I mean it's pretty easy to go to the
internet and Google Q prediction
failures and to get a gigantic list of
the things that weren't true if you
haven't if if your entire belief system
is based on how important it is to do
your own research and you have never
googled Q failed predictions I'm not
sure you've done your own research ever
you know what I mean let's drink to that
everybody simultaneous sip with me one
more time yeah somebody save climate
change and I'll say this again because
it fits into the context the science of
climate change is probably pretty solid
I'm no scientist so if the bulk of
scientists say hey we got the chemistry
right we got the physics right I would
say no probably probably true but the
second part the modeling if you're just
talking about the the modeling of the
predictions of climate science its
presented in exactly the form of a hoax
does that make it a hoax well not
necessarily but if you're trying to
convince me if something is true don't
package it exactly like a hoax here's
what I mean I've said this before
there's a common hoax that people who
study hoaxes people who study scams and
I have all no and it works like this you
send out 10,000 emails and with
three different recommendations for
stocks you know everybody gets only one
but there there different ones some of
those stocks go up and then next week
you you send only to the people who by
chance got the emails with the right
predictions and you say well our last
one was right
here's another prediction some of those
predictions
you know they because they do more than
one prediction to that same group some
of those might be right and then you've
got to totally by chance that went up
and then you win over that group now
you've got maybe ten people you send
them you know two different predictions
half of the ten get one that goes up you
got lucky
so there's a small group maybe five
people we've just got three amazing
predictions in row what they believe is
it you really can predict so when the
fourth one comes through and they say
we'll give you the name of this fourth
one if you give us ten thousand dollars
what does that person think they think
you just got three in a row and these
were very unlikely so definitely I'm
going to give you a ten thousand dollars
this is like free money I've never done
so sure of something in my life all
right that's a very famous scam it is
exactly what climate models are climate
models are people saying okay if it's
not in this general zone that we're all
agreeing what would you do with that
model if if I decide to do some climate
modeling and I come up with something
that's way out of the range it's way too
low or it's way too high what happens to
my model does it get added to the model
and then they just increase the range
and say well now now our range is this
big no that doesn't happen that doesn't
happen because climate models are the
exact model of a famous hoax which is
you just throw away the ones that are
out in the range so if it doesn't fit
the range that you're pretty sure must
be right you tweak it until it does
because you can't give funding if you're
the person with the only climate model
that doesn't fit everybody else's range
that doesn't work
so if you're trying to sell climate
change with the models just know you're
using the form of a hoax that is
impossible not to recognize as a hoax
form even if it's true see which is
important point because when you call me
a science denier or a climate science
denier keep in mind that I didn't just
do that that didn't happen nothing I
said was denial what it said was the way
it's messaged and packaged is identical
to a hoax now if that's unimportant you
don't really study these things because
it does indicate that the great
likelihood is that they don't know what
they're doing or it's accidental or you
know or people are influenced by money
etc now here's another another thing
that people would say they would say
well how do you explain that
the great consensus of climate
scientists and all their peer-reviewed
articles are all on the same side how do
you explain that Scott give me one good
explanation can you give me any
explanation of how all of these people
who are science experts would be on the
same side Scott explain that to me
explain that to me to which I say what's
wrong with your imagination I can give
you lots of explanations for that and
they're all more likely than yours
number one something like 70% of
peer-reviewed studies turn out to be
undone reproduce Abul meaning that in
general if something is peer-reviewed
what should be your opinion of it if
something is peer-reviewed your opinion
of it should be it's probably not true
because 70% of the peer-reviewed studies
are not true now if there are lots of
studies that of course adds to the
credibility but suppose you also add
money to the system and people have you
know they have money on the line is it
is a science denial to say that all
those scientists could
wrong or biased or in a hallucination
because money is involved well if you
believe in science you would believe in
the science of incentives the science of
psychology the science of how people act
the way they do that science do right if
you really believe in science you should
be a skeptic on climate science because
there are two sciences involved one
science is climate science and you
should not ignore that you should listen
to what they have to say but there's
another science which is the science of
psychology and how people are influenced
by peer pressure by you know clues the
environment
influenced by money and that's science
too if you choose this science and you
reject this science you can't claim to
be Pro science if you are skeptical it
means you've accepted that the
scientists have done the work and they
know more than you do but you've also
accepted that the science of psychology
and the way humans work and the way
people come to believe things that
aren't true
plus the entire history of science in
which we've seen many cases where the
consensus of scientists were wrong I
used nutrition as my best example when I
grew up all the scientists who are
nutrition scientists were on the same
side they were all wrong there were
plenty of peer-reviewed journals they
were all wrong why were they all wrong
because there was money in the system
the the food manufacturers were funding
the studies and they were telling the
government to tell you when they were
real alright so if you are not old
enough to understand the science has a
history of being this this certain and
also this wrong then you don't
understand science so the science denier
is the one who's positive that climate
science is exactly what the clients
climate scientists
they understand one-third of the science
that you need to understand they would
have to add an understanding of the
social sciences psychology incentives
how money changes things how people can
be fooled how how peer-reviewed things
can get peer review and even though
they're completely ridiculous
you'd have to understand that part of
science too and you'd also understand
the history of science in which it is a
common phenomena a common phenomena for
so many scientists to be on the same
side and wrong it's common if you don't
know that that it's common then you say
things like telescope explain to me why
all of the climate scientists be on the
same side come up with any explanation
go go give me any explanation how that
is possible and the answer is I have a
really good imagination and I believe in
science science itself tells us to be
very skeptical about this situation
everything in science is consistent with
what I just said that if you understand
how brains work and that's science do
you should be very skeptical of the
models because the models fit the exact
form of a hoax a well-known hoax a very
well understood well known common hoax
same format alright that's enough about
that
do I seem like I'm in a an aggressive
mood lately
I'm been accused of being a little
little too aggressive lately somebody
says yes and I'm going to sign off now
and I'm going to talk to you all later