[Applause]
hey
everybody good morning how are
you well it's nice to be home it was
nice to be on vacation but it's nice to
be home too and I get to finally be with
all of you I apologize for oversleeping
by 3
hours I guess every now and then I
should have a full night sleep and my
body decided that today was the day one
of the problems with not sleeping much
because I hate sleeping is that every
now and then when I don't set my alarm
clock I'll oversleep by three
hours typically I I wake up 3:00 4: in
the morning and and I'm done I just
don't like sleep don't recommend being
like me don't be like me instead be like
this be a person who knows how to enjoy
the simultaneous sip what he needs well
you need a cup or mug glass of tanker
Cher Stein a canteen Jugger flask of V
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the open me and
headend of the day the thing that makes
everything better the thing you've been
waiting for the thing that was late it's
called the simultaneous Sip and man is
it going to be good when you finally get
it here it goes
go yeah just as good as I told you right
yeah you were thinking it's not going to
going to be that good is it but it was
once again how about that well let me
start by telling you um how hard it is
to travel during the age of Corona virus
most of you know I was uh just on my
Corona virus delayed honeymoon took us
months to figure out how we could do
this safely and and make it work and
thanks to my wonderful wife Christina
who is a uh genius at making stuff work
she figured out how to get us to the
other side of the world safely and back
it was kind of amazing uh the the basic
thing you need to know is that it's
masks all the way we went to uh borab
Bora which is in French Polynesia by
Tahiti just sort of Leave California and
head toward New Zealand but before you
get to New
Zealand you stop and uh that's where
boror
is and so we SP a week there it was most
amazing week so here are the things you
need to know the highlights um it was a
high-end Resort it was the Four Seasons
in Bora Bora could not have been better
just it's impossible there isn't any
possible way this trip could have been
better once you get there getting there
is hard but once you get there it's
amazing best scenery feeling service
you've ever
seen the other thing that's amazing is
that the uh the resort I don't know if
they're going to last because their
business was no more than I don't think
there were more than 30 people at the
entire Resort which is built to handle
hundreds I don't know how many hundreds
but I think 300 or so and there were
maybe 30 of us there so entire swimming
pools beaches with zero people except us
so as a as a honeymoon it couldn't have
been better like I'll never experience
anything like this in my life again
because
it was a you know a top level experience
with no other people for in a practical
sense so I worry a great deal about the
future of their business but uh man it
could not have been better if you get a
chance to go before the crowds pick up
here's the risk profile we got tested
once before we flew so we had to have a
result now you I suppose we had a little
bit of exposure theoretically before we
flew
but once on the plane uh at least I've
seen studies that say that the planes
are so good with their filtration these
days that your odds of getting it on a
plane are actually really really
low uh people wear masks but of course
they fall asleep and their masks fall
off them so I would say masking is
pretty good on the plane if you think
that makes any difference I'll talk
about that in a minute um so I wasn't
worried about the plane and once you get
there there are no people and the staff
is all masked and they they do good
social distancing Etc so they won't even
clean your room if they think you're
going to be around it for a while so so
everything was done really really well I
think the four seasons did everything
that they could possibly do and then you
get another test while you're there so
you have to do one before you fly there
once a few days after you've been there
and then once right before you come back
and we did that the same day now you've
got to coordinate all this in a foreign
country right so you've got to find a
place in Tahiti that will give you a
test that you'll get a result the same
day so you can fly later that day do you
know how worried I was that that wasn't
going to work and and you know you've
got four hours to get your test and it
doesn't come and you think to yourself
uh I'm in a foreign country and I can't
fly home without this test and they said
it'd be here by now and it's not you
know you're checking your email you're
thinking they got they wrote down a code
wrong or something you'll never get home
now of course of course these are silly
traveler worries because it it's not
likely that a place that's a tourist
destination has not figured out how to
get the tourist
home that's the part I always forget is
that I'm not the first person who ever
had to figure this out obviously they
have a system so the hotel works with
you and the hotel will tell you where to
get the test and they'll make sure that
you can get a cab there and back and
it's all very civilized and easy but boy
I'll tell you that the distance they
push that that swab down your nose in
Tahiti that set a record I mean the
American tests were bad enough but the
Tahiti test they really went for some
spelunking for depth there I think they
tickled my brain a little bit but the
bottom line is if if I had to judge how
safe I was and this is the bottom line
of this how safe I was traveling from
the Corona virus versus how safe I would
have been just staying home and socially
distancing the you know the the normal
but imperfect amount that we all do I
feel like I was safer on on the road I
don't know if you could measure that in
any way but if I looked at all the
testing that I did and all the other
people did I ended up on an island in
the middle of the Pacific without
anybody who had either not been there
two weeks without an infection already
or or they got tested within you know
the day that they they arrived so it
actually probably safer than just normal
life and probably a lot safer it
probably wasn't even close you know
without an actual scientific way to
measure that I can't be sure so I'm only
giving you a a sense of it I'm not
giving you a scientific opinion it felt
way safer than just staying home and
that's that's a big credit to the system
that's that has adjusted that much to to
make that possible so the traveling I
would say traveling with a mask is hard
especially if you have to try to sleep
sleep on the plane cuz it's a long
flight we had a 4-Hour delay followed by
a 7-hour flight on the way there if you
had in the travel time and the taxi time
and everything else you know 12 hours in
a mask it's a long day but a lot of
people who have just regular jobs are
doing that every day so um not going to
complain about it so it was all good so
here's a question that people keep
asking me I have uh apparently spoken
differently about how we should look at
business Clos Downs the lockdowns versus
wearing masks and it's actually a fair
question in one case I say that the
business closures the forced closures do
not have scientific backing to suggest
that they work would you agree with that
that we don't really have scientific
backing to suggest that closing
businesses as opposed to keeping them
open with all the right restrictions we
don't have evidence which one of those
makes a difference now I just told you I
did a a very complicated extensive you
know travel and I did feel safer I don't
know but it felt safer than normal life
because it was so you know designed to
be controlled where normal life is messy
right but if it's designed to be
controlled maybe they can do it better
than your normal messy life right that's
what I think
so um I don't have a feeling of whether
we can tell that closing businesses
helps or hurts so we don't have science
because it's it's hard to measure and
it's kind of too early for to even know
if you
did so what do you do you don't have
science but Common Sense kind of can
point in both directions can it you
could make a case that social distancing
would be better served with business
closures but then how do you factor in
the fact that it wouldn't be normal
business it would be opened under you
know certain careful restriction
would that make it safer than normal
life it might who knows so I would say
business closures are unproven
scientifically and so there you should
really you should really pause to see if
you want to do that because we know the
cost of it could be gigantic in terms of
extra poverty and all the things that
that
causes but I say the opposite or
something very different about masks and
people would pointed out that looks like
an
inconsistency why is it that I say I
can't make a determination about whether
closing businesses make sense but my
common sense of it which is largely an
illusion common sense is an illusion but
my my feeling of it having observed it
up close my feeling of it is it's a
mistake to close
businesses there might be some
exceptions like uh possibly a gym but no
even a gym they would do good procedures
so I was say anybody who is willing to
open up and do careful procedures my my
logical just experienced brain that sees
the world says probably opening
businesses would be a better you know
Way Forward um and and California is
starting to open up a little bit uh
starting this week so that's good but I
don't say that with masks now masks also
have this problem that um we don't know
exactly what masks are doing in the
context of the Corona virus we know
they've been measured in different
contexts for different purposes in you
know in the past we know that the
experts overwhelmingly say you should
use bks we know that uh other people
point to other studies and say no these
studies show masks don't make a
difference so why is it that I would
have a different opinion about masks in
which I say you should go ahead and wear
them take the recommendation of the
experts whereas the business opening
stuff I'm a little squishier on and I
and it looks like maybe we should just
open the businesses and not do that why
why do I make that difference and the
difference is this here at first some
context you live in a life in a world in
which you don't have scientific studies
for almost anything you do you don't
know that waking up a little early will
make your life better or worse you don't
know that this meal you ate is the smart
one or not smart one you don't know if
you know you don't know much about
anything you don't know the house she
might buy the job you might take the
commute you choose almost everything
you're doing all day long is stuff that
nobody studied you've just lived in the
world long enough where you say I think
this looks like a better choice than
this but there's no way to know you just
got to take your
shot masks are a little like that and
there's a rule that I use that I apply
to just about everything which is that
friction pretty much always works now
I'll leave I'll leave a little wiggle
room because I'm sure there's some case
where it doesn't but if you've lived
long enough you see that wherever
friction is applied or wherever it's
removed it has exactly the predictable
impact if you tax something people will
do less of it if you build a wall it'll
be harder for people to get over it
won't stop it but it'll be harder might
reduce it if you restrict anything you
get less of it and with my living in the
world without the science just living in
the world I say hey if the problem is
stuff shooting into your mouth and we
know that that's far bigger problem than
what you're touching that seems to be
you know the common understanding if
it's stuff that's shooting out of your
mouth and you can put some friction on
that thing does it stop every bit of the
virus no no we know it doesn't stop all
of the virus but we do know that the
amount of the viral load makes a big
difference in what the outcomes are so
as long as we know that the degree of
viral load makes a big difference and we
and Common Sense and living in the world
says well this mask probably limits some
of that does it stop all of it no nobody
thinks that nobody thinks a mask stops a
virus nobody thinks that there's no
expert who thinks that they think it
might slow it down might add a little
friction
now do you need to do a scientific study
in every situation in your life in which
somebody's applying or taking away
friction to know what kind of effect
that will have you would be right 99% of
the time if you just said that friction
is a real thing and wherever it is added
you get less of a thing wherever it's
subtracted you get you get more of a
thing that's it now could I be
completely wrong could we look learn
someday in the future that masking was
more bad than good absolutely you could
totally learn that so if you think I'm
telling you I'm know I know with my
Great Brain certainty 100% that you know
masks are definitely the reason I don't
think that's knowable and anybody who
has that opinion I would respect that
but I do think that if you're doing a
risk management assessment given the how
high the stakes
are I would say it's a good risk and
that the consensus of experts uh is
still solidly prask if you see a growing
number of experts who tell you masth
don't work I would take that seriously
but right now I don't see that I see
people who are not experts looking at
studies they don't understand which are
usually on slightly different things you
know what whether it works in a let's
say a surgery setting etc for different
different kinds of uh diseases
uh I would wait for the a pretty big
consensus of experts to say they don't
work before I would even consider that
they don't work and we don't have
anything like that now if you've seen
actual medical experts a consensus not a
rando doctor person but actual growing
consensus of doctors saying masks don't
do anything I would take that seriously
but that doesn't exist and you got to
ask yourself why right because cuz there
are people on every side of everything
you don't have you you don't have enough
doctors to form sort of a sort of a
movement away from mask you don't that
means something you should you should
take that seriously now does that mean
the ma that the experts are right no but
since it matches with my uh common sense
if you want to call it that it's always
an illusion then I'm willing to take
that as a reasonable risk to wear the
masks here's the funniest uh scariest
thing in the
world there's some reporting that Trump
is getting
stronger by being out of the news the
we've I think everybody has made the
same observation that Trump if he just
stopped talking for a while as president
if he had just stopped talking for a
while that his popularity would have
gone through the roof if he just stopped
being a little little bit as trumpy as
he is now that's a ridiculous thing to
hope for because the whole point of
electing Trump is that he wasn't going
to
change he he wouldn't have even been
elected in the first place if people
thought he was going to be a different
person when he took office right that's
part of what you expected that Trump is
Trump excuse me that said um he sort of
uh let's say inv voluntarily forced into
some silence after his office his term
ended and the less he talks I feel like
the more popular he's going to get
because you've got this big populist
energy if you will that suddenly became
leaderless what happens when you have
this much energy let's say the populist
whatever the Trump movement was you have
that much energy and then the leader
goes silent what happens
does the energy just
dissipate well I guess the the people on
the left hope that would happen does it
transfer to another
leader it could but who is that don't
you think we' know by now who is the who
is the natural inheritor of the energy
that the Trump movement or the populist
movement created I don't know we I mean
there are some good Republican C Cate
potentials for 1994 some of them more
more trump-like than others but there's
not really a natural you know there's
not a name where every one of you would
say well what about
X not really right yeah Matt Gates I
think is his own is his own person I
don't see him as exactly a trump
clone uh but but he would be at least in
terms of the populist um policies would
be very close to that so a yeah Ted gruz
Cruz has some problems politically at
the moment because he's being branded as
being part of the
Insurrection so here's the interesting
part if you thought that Trump was a
problem before the Democrats decide to
crucify
him let me say that again so you won't
think I chose that word
accidentally if the Democrats thought
that Trump was a problem before they
decided to crucify
him and then he went silent for a while
how many
days and the only problem is if you
thought that the so-called Insurrection
was a
problem where till you see the
resurrection cuz the resurrection's
going to be a bigger problem if you're a
Democrat now I'm not going to
predict that Trump after having been
legally and politically
crucified would go away effectively as
if dead for a
while while the movement that he led
grows in his absence
grows if he were to
return it's a big problem
now I predicted he won't that IID
predicted that he would not be
politically viable because he wouldn't
be able to get the same people who
supported him the same way before and
I'm going to stick with that I'm going
to stick with my prediction that he will
not run for office again so I'm going to
stick with that but if you wanted to
guarantee that he did run for office and
win just keep doing what you're doing
because every time you hear somebody who
is associated with Trump get taken
down at first you say oh okay that's a
special case that's somebody who did
something illegal and of course the law
is the law so I understand that one oh
there's another one oh it's somebody
okay well okay they did something else
yeah I guess that was pretty bad so I
guess that's a special case you know
they were Trump supporter but that's a
special well there's another one there's
another one in head there's three more
every time you hear another Trump
supporter being taken down it starts
with yeah those I guess they had to do
that they broke some laws and then it
starts to be people taken down for
things they may or may not have thought
people being taken down for signing up
for to have a parl and gab account that
just happened that was just in the news
somebody got fired for simply having an
account on parl parlor and uh Gab that's
it that was the entire accusation they
had an account in a alternative social
media
platform every time you hear about that
stuff it feels as if the people who
associated with it and all that populist
energy might be picking up power it's
exactly what the Democrats don't want to
happen but I think they're doing it as
aggressively as they possibly could and
it's building up this sort of resentment
Rev VY
energy you don't want to build up too
much resentment Revenge energy and
that's what the de Democrats are doing
because it's the more Revenge they put
into the system the more it's going to
come back wouldn't you agree we have a
system in which the more Revenge you put
into it the more is coming back that's
there's no way around it the the
Republicans are not going to sit there
for four years of Revenge being taken
out upon them without an equal and
opposite reaction it just there isn't
any way that can happen and
so the Democrats are creating a
situation for Trump's
resurrection that is the one you don't
want that's the one you don't want and I
don't even think I want that one because
that's going to be too much
energy and not exactly the right place
right that's too much energy and
they they have a real problem here this
is a real problem I'm still going to
stick with my like I said my uh
prediction that he won't run for office
again but man are they making it
dangerous they are really making it
dangerous because if they don't if they
don't take the boot off our neck pretty
soon let me put it this way I don't know
if this is
a a a republican quality um I don't
identify Republican as you know I don't
identify even conservative as you know
um but I have this quality and I I think
it might be common to the right so I
might have this in common which is I am
really really
flexible really
flexible until I'm
knocked and I can't even I can't even
tell you where the knot kicks in because
I'm always surprised in my normal life
you know I'm exactly the same not just
my political opinions but the way I live
my in-person life very
flexible very very flexible until I'm
not and when I'm not it it just falls
off a a
cliff when when I'm not it's
absolute there's no negotiation once I
hit a certain point and I I scare people
because I don't have any warning before
that happens I worry that that's what's
happen in with the political right which
is they're flexible they're taking it
all right all right we we gave it to you
pretty hard when Trump was in charge you
know okay all right a little slap a
little slap we had that coming we said
some bad things too okay another little
slap I you turn the other cheek yeah not
looking for trouble okay that's three
that's three um I'm going to I'm going
to shake that off that's four that's
four um still okay holding it down don't
want any trouble that's
five you know where this is going
right there there is a
psychological atomic bomb that's being
created by the actions the Revenge
actions of the left that they can push a
little bit you know they could get away
with that and even people on the right I
think at some level you're saying yeah
elections have consequences I wish I
wish our side won yeah we gave it to
them pretty hard it's a it's a political
game they're giving it back a little bit
but there is a
limit there is a
limit and if they reach that
limit they're going to get a leader of
the populist movement that they didn't
want could be Trump again that would be
a big problem could be Trump again a big
problem for the left anyway
but it'll be somebody else and you don't
want it to be me that's for
sure you don't want it to be me all
right the funniest story in the news is
the uh talk about the Trump Library
somebody wrote an article in the an
opinion piece in the Washington Post
saying that Trump should not have a uh
Presidential
Library he should not have a
library come on well Joel Pollock uh
called that out and and wrote about it
and here here's just something that Joel
wrote in Breitbart he said the paper
who's talking about the Washington Post
he said the paper whose motto is
democracy dies in darkness presented an
argument Thursday by an art and
architecture critic Philip kenot about
why the history of the Trump
Administration should in fact be
shrouded in darkness kenot wrote Trump
must never have an official Presidential
Library and Congress should move quickly
to make sure he never will well
game
on not only as as Joel points out not
only should Trump have a Presidential
Library but it needs to be the best one
at least in terms of popularity it needs
to be the best one and the best way to
do this would to be make it
commercial would you not pay a small
entry fee to see a properly designed
Trump Presidential Museum oh yeah you
would yeah you would you'd pay for that
if he did it right right if it's just a
boring Museum where you walk through and
see some photos and stuff you're not
going to you don't care about that too
much but if he made it
funny imagine if you will as Joel points
out uh One Wing being the uh the Russia
collusion mental hospital
Wing imagine going into a trump Museum
and you go into one room and it's
nothing but a bunch of videos playing in
a loop of uh Adam Schiff and other
Republicans making accusations of the uh
political uh of the uh Russia collusion
hoax you could have one room for every
hoax you could have the fine people hoax
room you could have the drinking bleach
hoax room but you could also have the
CNN fake news room where it's an an
entire exhibit of only the fake news
that just was on CNN it' be clips and
examples and then then the debunk of all
you know you'd have the fake news and
then the debunk of it why it's wrong and
then kids could go learn there and and
as a school outing you could go and you
could learn how the news is all made
up you tell me you wouldn't buy a ticket
to that you would buy a ticket to that
now add in an anim animatronics not
animatronics let's say a a deep fake
Trump who can who actually has some AI
built in so it can interact with you
it's like a a 3D hologram of trump but
it's actually programmed with I guess
Google and some other companies now have
some AI That's whole Next Level so by
the time it gets built maybe some of
that will be available where I can
really really understand the context of
conversation then you build a hologram
Trump who can speak back to you
basically using tweets or things he said
before so he matches them to your
content but it's Trump's actual words
he'd be saying what he tweeted or what
he said in public some point you could
totally build that you wouldn't want to
see that you wouldn't want to go up and
talk and have a conversation with uh
deep
fake holographic Trump you would do that
you would do that all
right so yeah Trump needs a Presidential
Library and it needs to be commercial it
needs to be huge hugely popular I mean
and it just needs to be awesome I would
mostly look forward to how they were
named the
restrooms uh cuz I think Adam Schiff
needs to be part of that uh you or at
least you know the uh the new green new
toilets have two buttons depending on
what your business was you you got the
little button for you know number one
and big button for number two well I
think the big button should be named uh
Adam Schiff and the little button should
be whatever but then there should also
be a I'd like to see a Stormy Daniels
interactive
exhibit sort of like a
ride well you could use your imagination
there I don't have to fill in the blanks
all
right um this is a predictable problem
apparently there were a bunch of
vaccinations available in Washington
Heights a part of New York City which
has high minority population I think
mostly Hispanic if I'm correct and a
bunch of white people came in and got
those shots so they were available for
people over 65 and a bunch of old white
people went in there and and took those
shots so they weren't available for
other people
now wouldn't it be
better that maybe we didn't divide our
health care by
race I don't know how this could
possibly go
well you know I said this before I think
on a tweet um I'm completely on board
with the fact that African-American
citizens should get some priority
because they have worse outcomes I get
that but there's such a big difference
between asking me personally if I would
mind waiting you know waiting for other
people to go ahead in which case I'll
say yeah I will you know that's a good
argument some other people should go go
ahead of me I mean we're all doing that
right everybody's saying if you're over
80 you go first if you're if you're uh
you know doing Frontline Healthcare you
should go first Etc so I don't have any
problem with the concept of as a citizen
of letting other people go first and
that and black citizens would be at the
top of my list because they have worse
outcomes so of course yeah I'm I'm
completely on board with that but what
happens when your government tells you
that's the rule that's different isn't
it if you ask me personally I'm fine
with it but if you tell me it's the law
that my race will determine my health
care outcomes at least in this way I've
got a problem with that I just don't
feel that that's where the government
should be getting involved but if you
ask me voluntarily you know if if even
let's say Joe Biden who is
legally acknowledged as my president uh
I don't have to agree with him
politically if he simply said look the
only way this is going to work is for
you is for you citizens to um stay step
up and make some sacrifice you know who
you are don't get your shots first I'd
say let us work that out because there
are people whose psychological condition
is such that they probably need to get
it sooner because they can't deal with
things
psychologically right or they don't have
the ability to socially isolate as well
as I can if I can socially isolate
better than 95% of the world and I think
that's actually true in my case
shouldn't I wait a little bit longer
makes perfect sense to me you just have
to ask the one of the things that's I
think deeply missing in this country is
just
asking when was the last time somebody
did that when was the last time your
leaders said look I don't want this to
be a law because it's a bad precedent I
don't want to make it a law that you
know white people go last for shots it's
just not a good precedent but I will
tell you
you know what the risks are and I want
you to act like good citizens I want you
to do what's right use your conscience
look at your own risk and reward nobody
can make that decision for you and you
decide what's right and then act on it
that's all we're going to ask of you as
Citizens you just decide what's right
now I don't know how that would turn out
maybe maybe that wouldn't work out but I
feel like that's where we should on this
we Joe Biden should be asking people
like me because I'm sort of out in the
bubble I'm not old enough that I can get
get into the shots but I could make an
argument about comorbidity I've got
asthma so maybe I should be at the top
of the line but I wouldn't mind waiting
because I can socially isolate better
than most people so special case I'll
wait a little bit all
right um just ask so that's a that's a
direct a direct re quest to Joe Biden
just ask seriously just ask I think a
lot of people would be willing to help
out
um so I guess we have to talk about
GameStop and I guess I have a different
opinion about this whole GameStop stuff
I'm watching it with the same level of
entertainment you are uh I also don't
care if the billionaire hedge fund
people lose some money I don't know how
that works for the people who invested
with them I feel as though there're
ordinary investors who would get it in
the shorts no matter what happens but
that's true of this the stock market in
general so so I watch it with Amusement
but here's what I'm not seeing that
other people are seeing that it's some
kind of a um it's marking some kind of a
shift or it's telling us something about
the larger society or or the little
people versus the rich I don't see any
of that I just see
sort of a a one-off thing that somebody
discovered they could do it grew in
popularity of course part of that is you
know the political climate and our
history of uh the rich people getting
richer
Etc but to me it doesn't feel like the
beginning of some kind of giant shift in
culture or change or anything it just
feels
like a thing that happened I I don't see
it having a
large uh carryover
now as I saw in the comments uh
apparently a lot of Chinese youth are
getting into this as well I would
imagine that this will result in some
kind of rule change because otherwise
these large group of organized investors
will uh destroy the market for gain
because pretty you could pretty much
Target any company and manipulate it in
this way and apparently it's
legal you know hedge funds are not that
different
but I guess this only works as a legal
process if not too many people do it so
that might be the long-term change is
that if the hedphones have been doing it
and now other people can organize to do
it there's too much of it and if there's
too much of it then maybe it has to be
regulated away if there's some way to do
that I don't know if it's even practical
but uh so they might break break this
opportunity for the hedge funds maybe we
probably not so my my best guess about
where this all comes out is it just
becomes a new story that Fades away
maybe there's a rule change that stops
IT later
um but I see it more as a prank than
anything else and you know there's and
of course there the sub stories about uh
I guess the SEC said it was going to
review how some of the brokerage firms
acted when they stopped trading uh which
disadvantaged the little investor so
that has to be looked into but the it
looks like the legal system or the
government regulation system will look
into it so I don't know that there's as
much there as other people are thinking
it feels like this feels like the kind
of story that's a story because Trump is
no longer in office you know something
is going to fill the new cycle no matter
what you take out Trump and there's this
giant empty spot that has to be
filled I don't know this story isn't
interesting to me but um it's capturing
the imagination
who do you think would who do you think
would be the natural leader of the
populist movement if let's say if Trump
does not resurrect who would be the
natural leader give me some names now I
heard you know Matt Gates uh I've heard
uh well who who do you think who would
even
qualify to take that
role you yeah you know there wouldn't be
a better president than me on some level
but I would never want that job so it's
never going to happen the the only the
only thing that would make me a good
president I probably had more bad
qualities than good so don't don't vote
for me for president um but the one good
thing I would bring is I wouldn't feel
the need to lie to
you maybe if you take the job suddenly
you have all kinds of reasons to lie but
I wouldn't really feel the need to
because I don't think there's anything I
couldn't explain in a way
I just wouldn't need
to so um but it would be the worst job
in the world so I wouldn't want it all
right in the news uh FBI Attorney Kevin
Klein Smith you heard of him on the
Russia collusion hoax business he forged
an he forged email in cter Page's Visa
Pro his fisa process and he he forged an
email just think about that us attorney
forged an email ruined the life of this
Carter page guy for all practical
purposes his his professional career
just got knapped and all he rece
received for that was a 12 months
probation 400 hours of community service
and $100
fin
now I don't know what is typical for
what kind of a uh sentence you get for
that kind of a crime I suppose they
probably say something along the lines
of no prior
crimes uh maybe they argued he thought
he had a good reason I'm not sure that
should make a
difference uh maybe they just said this
is similar to similar to other crimes oh
I'm seeing people say Tulsi gabard ran
Paul uh for a populist leader um maybe
so so but what do you think of this 12
months of probation no jail time for
throwing the entire country and people's
specific lives into horrible
situation I feel as if this is not even
close to
appropriate if you forge something in
the role of a government professional
especially an FBI attorney that's got to
mean something that's different from a
regular crime right
can you treat a government action
against a
citizen the same as you could just do
citizen to Citizen crimes I feel as if
he's being sentenced as if this were
just a regular white
color
crime this was not a regular white color
crime this almost destroyed the whole
freaking country and it destroyed some
people's lives for sure this should have
been 5 to 10 years
that feels about right to me 5 to 10
years wouldn't you say if you were just
going to compare it to other crimes that
you're aware of 5 to 10
years completely
inappropriate um and this is the sort of
thing that in the context of the Trump
energy or populist gaining momentum will
while Trump is sort of absent from it at
the moment this is the sort of thing
that's adding energy to that cuz this
seems so
blatantly uh I hate to say unfair but
that's how people will register you know
the world there's no such thing as
fairness but people will register this
as
unfair in other news black lives matter
movement has been uh nominated for a
Nobel Peace
Prize which is interesting for a
movement which many would consider a
racist movement now obviously its
intention is to be anti-racist but in in
application it became a overt racist
movement I would say now that is not to
say that the people in it are bad people
but in terms of just how it evolved and
what it turned into I would say that it
turned from an anti-racism thing into
just a completely racist movement uh
even though the the goals of it of
course most people would agree with of
all that uh black lives matter of
course so
um I I think the the Nobel Peace Prize
has become just ridiculous at this point
I mean yeah it always has been
ridiculous but it went to a new level of
ridiculousness I suppose we say that
every year um funniest thing I'm seeing
lately in the news is do you remember
Daniel Dale who I guess works for CNN as
their fact Checker so during the Trump
Administration he would come on and fact
check Trump and say everything that
Trump said was was wrong and now he's uh
he's in the role of Defending Biden for
things taken out of context about
Biden so he claims that this was taken
out of context that when that when Biden
was talking about executive orders you
know he said something along the lines
of you shouldn't do a lot of executive
orders unless you were a dictator now
apparently that was completely taken out
of context and it was right it was taken
out of context so how is that different
from every CNN story about Trump pretty
much all of the news about Trump was
just stuff taken out of context but they
didn't didn't call it out now Daniel
Dale will have to call out all the times
that Biden is taken out of context so he
went from a cool job where you get to
criticize Trump all the time into a way
less cool job where he's got to defend
Biden for things that Biden maybe should
have said a little more clearly or added
as a better context or something so poor
Daniel Dale his job just got demoted to
Biden apologizer apologist I
mean
um apparently China had this clever
scheme to uh one of the big companies
was offering to build test labs in this
country and the accusation here is that
that would have allowed them to collect
a bunch of DNA from Americans and that
China is in the process of collecting as
much American DNA as they
can now I can't think there probably a
whole bunch of ways you can misuse DNA
and of course the scariest one is any
kind of a weapon that would be DNA
specific uh which we do worry could be
possible I think it might be possible
actually so that's pretty dangerous
thing but here's the question that this
asks that this raises why is it in the
year
2021 Chinese companies have something
close to free reign in the United States
they I'm sure they have restrictions but
Chinese companies can do business in the
United States in a way that American
companies can't do business in China now
you can do some kinds of business but
it's not anywhere close to equal why do
we let that
happen why in the world would we let our
our rival China do something closer to
unrestricted business in our country
with this kind of risk
you know if they put if they put any
technology into your company you've got
a risk that they're stealing your SE
Secrets through the technology if they
do any kind of medical thing you've got
a risk that they're going to steal your
DNA if you do any kind of other thing
there's going to be some other risk
every time the Chinese are buying into
this country it opens up some kind of a
risk why do we let them do business here
why is that
legal does anybody have any idea why
that's legal
I can't think of any reason why that
should be legal if we can't do it in
their country now if they opened up and
said hey let's just make it the same you
can do you can do whatever whatever we
do there you can do here but that's not
going to happen if we can't do business
in their country they should not be able
to do business in our country they
should be the same and why is that even
controversial who's on the other side of
that argument is there somebody in the
United States who says yeah yeah we
really do want the Chinese to be putting
their money in into our into our
economy are they putting so much in that
we would be we go into a depression if
they stop investing I don't know I guess
I need to know more about that but I've
never heard a reason why China should do
business with us when we can't do the
same kind of business with them if there
is an argument for that I'd love to hear
it but I think it's just stupid from a
security perspective it just seems
stupid
um are you having the same impression I
have with uh Joe Biden's spokesperson
Jen
 here's my take on her day one oh
she seems pretty capable you know she
seems bright and uh look like a perfect
choice for the job really I I thought it
was a good choice although I feel like
they should have chosen a uh a woman of
color um
but you know she she looked very capable
and qualified and she had a good
background and Etc But as time goes by
do you know some personalities the more
you see them the less you like them but
there are others the more you see them
the more you like them you know some
people don't they don't wear well if you
know what I mean there's something about
Jen
basaki who is let's say whatever is the
opposite of Dana Pino I'll just pick her
as my example the more you see of Dana
Perino who had been spokesperson under a
bush the more you see of her the more
you like
her she just has one of those
personalities the more you see the more
you like that's why she's you know has a
lot of time on Fox News the public likes
seeing her but the more I see of Jen
 and this has nothing to do with
being a Democrat has nothing to do with
being a woman right so if you're looking
for any isms I don't think it has
anything to do with any of that she just
has a
personality that the more you see of it
the less you like it am I right and and
the reason I use you know Dana Pino as
my opposite example is because she
doesn't have that and I would say Kaylee
McAn even if you hated how she treated
the
Press she's also one of those
personalities where the more you see of
her the more you like her and that's
just not true of everybody the more you
see of Adam Schiff the less you like him
right now could it be that I'm being
biased simply by political leanings and
I'm thinking to myself no I'm just
agreeing with people I want to agree
with and I'm just having some bias about
people who might have a different
opinion from me could be I mean it might
be it might be that that's all that's
happening here but I put the question
out to you it seems like there's
something about her that a little bit
lasts a long time if you know what I
mean are are you is anybody getting that
same Vibe very capable very smart but a
little bit of her goes a long way and I
don't know if that's going to be a
factor going
forward um but the story related to this
is that uh when she was asked whether
they're going to see Joe Biden some more
for these press conferences and she only
answered cleverly oh are you eager to
see him is that what you're saying and
the reporter said
sure and then she didn't answer the
question don't you think it's going to
be more and more of a story the longer
Biden goes without uh opening himself up
to unfriendly questions because the
whole point of the these uh presidential
press conference things is that it opens
you up to unfriendly questions
is Biden going to avoid unfriendly
questions for four years can he get away
with that probably can um here's
something I recommend to you on
CNN uh I've said this before but while I
criticize CNN's uh news coverage quite a
bit CNN as a network does some non- news
programming that often is really good
some a lot of the CNN specials they're
just just about say a certain topic
they're quite well done uh and I
recommend them quite
often they've got one coming up that's
being teased I think Anderson Cooper is
running this and uh they're talking to
some Q supporters to sort of dig down
and figure out what's up with it with
the Q Believers and there's a a teaser
where Anderson Cooper is talking to a
completely rational looking guy a guy
who you'd say to yourself and first of
all uh he looked like he might have a
I'm guessing no I don't want to guess
somebody's ethnicity but I'll say he's
the person he was talking to is not a uh
typical uh white Bred looking guy let's
just say that but I won't guess what his
ethnic background is but that makes it
interesting too because you're Imagining
the CU Believers as a bunch of you know
super white people but here was one that
Anderson was talking to who was not in
that category and said that he believed
that at one point that Anderson Cooper
eight
babies he said that to Anderson Cooper
and then he apologized for thinking that
Anderson Cooper ate
babies and then he went on to say other
things he believed about uh cubing
working with
interdimensional uh blue birdlike
creatures
what
what and here's the amazing thing the
guy he's he interviewed look like a
completely normal smart person who could
operate in the world and do just about
anything a very
capable reasonable looking person and
that person looked right in the camera
and said to Anderson Cooper yeah I
believed you ate babies
sorry blue avens is what I guess the Q
people call it
now what do you make of this do you say
yourself well that's a crazy
person or do you say to yourself there's
there are lots of crazy people do you
imagine that the Q people
are mentally
weak do you think that the Q people are
extra
gullible do you think that the Q
people uh have some kind of strange
mental defect that makes them believe
these things whereas you do not here's
the bad news
people they're completely
normal that's the bad
news the bad news is the people who
believe that Q uh the stories that
Anderson Cooper was eating babies the
people who believe that completely
normal or at least average or typical or
routine human beings how do I know that
you're not going to like this
I probably lose a few followers in the
next few
minutes because people believe every
religion no matter what religion you
have which I think we can agree can we
can we stipulate something that whatever
religion you have is the true
one let's just agree with that now I
don't know what your religion is they're
probably different but just say that the
one you have
that's the right one okay but now that
you know that you have the right
religion lucky you you could have you
could have gotten it wrong but you
didn't you got the right one that means
that there are billions of regular
people who got the wrong
religion do you know what you would
believe if you got the wrong
religion it might involve magical
sounding stuff a little bit for the
wrong Reas religion now your religion is
the right
one so lucky for you uh you're smart and
wise and you don't fall for gullible
stuff but yours is the good one but you
can observe that there are people who
look otherwise
normal who got all the wrong religion
people thinking you're
reincarnating well unless you believe
that in which case it would be
right but if other people believed it
you don't that's
crazy um so you have religions in which
there people walking on order and
resurrecting maybe that's the real one
but you got other ones in which
somebody's writing a flying horse to
Heaven maybe that's the real one and
maybe the the other one's
not some people believe in reincarnation
as I said some people believe in heaven
some people believe there's nothing
there one thing you can say for
sure is that regular normal human beings
with completely functional brains will
believe anything it's actually just
built into our nature we will believe
anything but here's the only thing I
want to add to that because on some
level you do that right the thing I want
to add to that is that the way humans
believe is almost like choosing what
clothes you're going to
wear I think that and you can see it
with this uh this person who was talking
to Anderson Cooper the the exq believer
he the way he spoke of it was almost
like a lifestyle choice to adopt a set
of
beliefs because adopting that set of
beliefs had some benefits maybe it made
you part of a group maybe it made you
interested maybe it was intellectually
stimulating but whatever the reason was
it was just a
choice and I would submit to you that
people choose their their filter or the
the set of things they believe based on
what just feels good
the same way you decide well I'll wear
this shirt or this other shirt when you
get dressed how do you make that
decision which shirt to put on say well
I like this one this is a better shirt
today I feel like this shirt and that
belief is more like that that we pick
the belief that sort of gives us some
benefits makes us feel good makes us
feel connected whatever and that we
don't actually say are these beliefs
based on science or truth can I prove it
am I being G
what about those other people why do
they believe something different it's
nothing like that it's simply a
lifestyle choice to buy into a set of
beliefs and then treat them as though
they're true even on some level knowing
that you just made a choice to treat
them as true as opposed to them being
objectively
true anyway you should watch the Q
special I think you're actually going to
learn a lot about how completely normal
people can choose choose to believe
something crazy I'll give you an example
of
that when I watch the uh uh one of my
favorite shows is about uh ancient
astronauts and ancient aliens uh
allegedly have you know building the
pyramids and allegedly interacting with
lots of uh lots of different early
cultures speaking of which I'll show you
a picture if I can do this on camera so
in uh Tahiti they've got all of these
let's see if I can do this if I can hold
it just right you can see it there's a
little totem looking picture all over
the place in Tahiti where it looks like
an
alien like the this big eyed alien thing
and they're all over the place as if the
early tahitians had had contact with an
alien race and that now they're building
them into all their their imagery and I
thought to myself well maybe they just
liked you know creating a AR creatures
that looked identically to how we would
imagine an alien looks it's just a
coincidence
maybe maybe that's what's going on but
when I watch those
shows I suspend my critical thinking and
I allow myself to live in a reality in
which the aliens did come down and
taught people how to build pyramids and
those are why the cave drawings look
like Advanced aliens with spaceships
sometimes now do what when I do that
when I accept that reality for the point
of entertaining myself by watching this
am I really accepting it as an actual
reality or am I accepting it as an
entertainment
reality and I feel like it's
different my my inner sense of it is
that if you put a gun to my head and
said all right now you're going to have
to bet with your real money or or we're
going to you know kill you if you're
wrong you have to bet did the aliens
teach the early people how to build the
pyramids all right you got to put your
real money on it now I'd bet against
[Laughter]
it I'd bet against it and I wouldn't
feel too unsafe when I did I'd feel
confident that I could bet against the
aliens having built the pyramids or
helped on that but when I watch those
shows I like to accept it as true
because it makes it more fun so I find
that I can wear reality like a shirt I
can just put on my alien astronaut shirt
and I can just wear it for a while and
then I can just take it off and if
somebody says now you have to bet your
real money I'd say Oh Real Money real
money okay let me take off the
shirt once you learn that people can
change their their religion basically
like they can change a shirt because
it's more of a lifestyle decision it's
not based on what you really think is
true in many cases once you realize that
distinction it starts explaining a lot
of what you see that people are adopting
a
belief that just feels good and they
will and they can lose that belief if
there's something that makes it stop
feeling good and the Q stuff you know
had this business in the capital which
was an event that made it stop feeling
good and the moment it stopped feeling
good there were some people such as this
guy talking to Anderson Cooper who said
okay it doesn't feel good anymore now
I'll change my
belief all right um who killed more
people the CCP or Q well that's
easy all right uh that's about all I got
now
um I'm just looking at your comments
people love the ancient alien stuff it
just captures your
imagination all right
was it a good honeymoon yes it was yes
it was um I'd show you some pictures but
you'd feel bad all right I'm going to
put together some uh some some of my
best I think I've had some time to plan
micro lessons on how to program your
brain now it's my favorite topic how to
reprogram your brain but I've got
another take on it that I think will be
useful that will be on the locals
platform only for subscribers and some
other micro
lessons that be on there this week
and uh somebody says if aliens were real
we'd have seen photos by now yeah given
that all we have is uh we have cameras
in every pocket in the Civilized world
yeah I think we would have a picture of
an alien by now I think so yeah locals
is a platform um in which subscribers
can subscribe to my content That You
Don't See otherwise so I have the the
stuff that you do see but I add I add
useful content that you wouldn't see
otherwise I'd like to know how to sleep
um I think I did did I not do a micro
lesson on that already if not I will and
I will talk to you
tomorrow all right YouTubers sorry I uh
was not streaming on YouTube while I was
out of the country the the button
disappeared so there's some things you
just can't do outside the country and
for some reason that I didn't have that
option
um yes I am back in
California all right
uh just looking at your comments all
right that's all we got for today and I
will talk to you tomorrow