youuuuu-tu-tu-tu-tube bum-bum-bum
bum-bum-bum
hey everybody gather around
come on in here I'm sorry I'm late I
know it's a little bit late for a coffee
with Scott Adams but will that stop us
they will not we're better than that we
don't need to drink coffee just early in
the morning we can drink it all day
let's be free thinkers Kayne let us do
that now
and now simultaneous sip of whatever you
have handy good stuff so let's talk
about a few things
did anybody notice that Kanye retweeted
Hawken Newsome's tweet now Hawk leader
of black lives matter Greater New York
Chapter tweeted about this shift that's
happening and all paraphrase but a shift
toward love not too far from Kanye's
philosophical persuasion and Kanye
retweets
he also retweeted Emma Gonzales the the
student she's probably a teen ish
hundred anti-gun activist and so people
immediately said to me did you see this
you said you like Kanye but now he's
tweeting this anti-gun activist do you
still like him to which I said yes
that's why I like him not about guns but
in fact that his messages I can talk to
Trump
I can talk to Emma Gonzalez I can
retweet Scott Adams I can retweet black
lives matter hawk Newsom Kanye is above
this he's already left the building he's
above do I like this person's opinion
he's above
that alright let's go with him it's a
good place to be
you walk Newsom's go in there I'm going
there come on it's a good place today
let's let's lead with love and see what
happens
all right let's talk about the White
House Correspondents Dinner and
everybody's blabbing about Michelle
Wolf's comedy routine and was it funny
and was it too harsh and was it
insulting was it awkward and all those
things I think everybody has covered
everything they need to say but because
I am a professional humorist
I feel I can't not comment on this right
it's sort of sort of obligatory so
here's my opinion on the whole thing
jokes are jokes jokes are jokes we
shouldn't we shouldn't allow them to
intrude into our other feelings if we
can prevent it now the problem here is
that there's a relationship between how
funny how how naughty you can be how
offensive how how dirty you know how
awful and evil you can be and how funny
you are in other words if you're really
really funny you can say awful things to
people and people will just say okay I
get it that's that's pretty funny
let me give you an example I ran into my
stepson and just by coincidence I just
ran into him at my gym he's an adult and
he was telling me that his friend and
him were talking about he saw some
comments about me and there was some
somebody on Twitter I think who
described me as looking like a toilet
brush with a mouth now it's an insult
right it's it's talking about my
appearance it's a bad as terrible and
insult as you can make but it's also
funny
it's also funny right and it's funny
enough that even I laughed out it's like
toilet brush with the Bell that's pretty
good you know yeah I don't like that
it's about me necessarily but it's
pretty good so both my stepson and I
laughed about it just because it was
clever enough that it sort of went into
a new category where it became art
instead of just being mean Michelle wolf
when she's doing comedy in front of a
mixed group meaning you know the people
watching it at least on TV is you know
some conservative some liberals offend
some women there's no way that her humor
could be as funny to every person there
some people reportedly thought the whole
thing was hilarious
I'm not going to doubt that because
humor is subjective I can tell you that
most conservatives and my own opinion on
it was some of it was clever it didn't
it didn't quite hit you know my personal
laugh reflex but it was clever yeah it
was humor was it also mean well here's
the thing
had it been funnier I'm not sure we'd
care in other words if everybody had
thought it was funnier we would have
just laughed and said haha you know it's
a joke everybody makes fun of everybody
you know the president has made fun of
people people make fun of people just
let it go
but it but there was something about the
way she she did it and something about
the proximity you know because you know
yeah if your if your target is you're
sitting right there five feet from you
it just feels like you're being mean
instead of funny so that the physical
distance had something to do with how we
felt about it I would say it was a
totally unimportant night we shouldn't
draw any any conclusions about it a
comedian intentionally was outrageous
for the reasons that artists become
outrageous I can't hate that I can say
that maybe she didn't execute as well as
maybe even she wanted to I don't know I
don't want to read her mind but I'm sure
it could have been a little bit better
but no big deal I think that it reminded
me a lot of the the time that President
Trump was sitting you know stoically in
the audience at that same event and he
was the butt of just vicious jokes about
him and he didn't laugh he just sat
there I felt a little bit the same
watching Sarah Huckabee Sanders sit
there and and take it and what I mean by
that is I came away with it I came away
from it with an even more positive
feeling about her that I already had
which was very positive keep in mind
that whether you're a liberal or a
conservative or anything in-between
there's one thing we'd all agree on
Sarah Huckabee Sanders has the hardest
job and the whole freaking world now I
know you can say being Secretary of
State sounds pretty hard you know a lot
of jobs that sound pretty hard but being
president Trump's spokesperson and a
woman you know which does make it harder
let's let's be honest about that does
make it harder because of the the topics
that he talks about or has been blamed
for that make a little extra topic so
not only is she doing the hardest job in
the world but really well I think even
her critics would say she does you know
great job at the authorities job in the
world
so how did she come out of this whole
thing classy
you know better yeah that's it no real
damage the way she handled it was just
classy like everything else she does so
I'll just let that go I I heard just a
moment ago that Iran is looking to get
out of the nuclear deal and nobody is
quite sure of what's going on there you
know so that's that's the news of the
day big question mark we'll find out
what happens about that what about the
conway jokes yeah the the jokes about
Kellyanne Conway are vicious and not
sufficiently funny you know they're not
as funny as my toilet brush with the
mouth insult that somebody used against
me but it's the same standard if you
know if if it's funny enough I give it a
pass if it's not it just looks mean yeah
so there's a big announcement by
Netanyahu 1:00 p.m. so that would be my
time in 15 minutes 49 minutes so there
should be some big news on Iran maybe in
49 minutes I'm going to make a
prediction without knowing anything are
you ready for this a prediction about
Iran without knowing anything right so
presumably I'll be wrong because I don't
know anything here's the prediction
whatever Iran does is going to look like
it's making things worse but it won't
meaning that our first impression will
be oh darn this doesn't look good
and you wait a few weeks and you're
going to see that it opened an
opportunity I don't know what the
opportunity is I don't know what Iran
necessarily is complaining about the
that's my primary generic prediction is
it's going to look like trouble today
maybe but it might look
like an opportunity because chaos does
that so if you notice one of the best
statements I saw about president Trump's
negotiating strategy is that when things
are sort of stuck that he's willing to
turn over the card table you know just
throw the table and say okay we're
stocked Paul let's blow up everything
and see what we can do all right this is
probably one of those situations were
blowing it up
you know the demolition phase might be
the most productive thing that could
happen and I don't know that it matters
if Iran blows it up or Israel blows it
up or we blow it up but probably the
status quo just needs to be you know put
it in question and I think that we have
the president the team the leadership
were in the right place in the world the
right timing the zeitgeist a lot of
things seem to be lining up to make
people a little more creative and maybe
maybe get past some mental blocks that
we had before so I'm looking for
short-term bad news that we will
eventually start to realize hey that bad
news opened up some opportunities that
maybe we didn't have before so watch for
that in very much the same way that the
fire and fury comments look like bad
news short-term but then they opened up
an opportunity you know that and other
things all right how to be pro Trump in
the tech industry without risking your
career easy don't do it just pretend
pretend you don't have an opinion
installing a bush in your garage what
all right okay can I help Jim Acosta oh
the caravan
so the caravans story is another one of
these fog of war situations where do you
really know what's going on there like
who exactly is organizing the caravan
who's in it
what do they really want how much is
real how much is fake how much danger
they in why doesn't Mexico take them
it's just a whole bunch of gray area
weird vague I don't know quite what to
make of it but the big picture seems to
be that this is designed as a challenge
to Trump that I believe I believe he'll
be up to the challenge
now one of the things that might happen
just speculating here in so just
speaking aloud and thinking through
imagine if the caravan succeeds in what
I believe is their goal which is to have
lots of people essentially surrender and
then be processed as whatever the word
is that what's the word they want to get
designated something so they can stay in
the country essentially saying that
they're in danger if they go back asylum
thank you so they want to get into the
asylum pipeline system to see how they
can do in that but here's the thing
putting that many people this publicly
this publicly into the system will
probably make the system look like a
system that doesn't work or is it risk
so my guess is that the asylum seekers
because they're doing this so publicly
in in members they might have the wrong
result from what they're hoping for in
other words it might make Americans say
wait a minute we have a system like that
that could be so easily exploited let's
change that law
so the asylum system is likely to either
tighten up or go away because of this
big public display so I'm not sure that
that helps anybody so we'll see how this
plays out so somebody said here you know
do some research or shut the hell up
because as I admitted I'm talking
without the benefit of knowledge if
you've read my book win big lis which it
seems you haven't you would know that I
don't believe any of us really
understand any of the big questions so
talking without the benefit of knowing
all the details is just sort of the way
it's done it's the way everybody's doing
it I wish I could do it with full
knowledge but how would I get it
somebody says the Golden Age is not
happening because the left won't happen
won't let it in correct they will try
but the Golden Age is already upon us
the the key is North Korea when North
Korea comes in it's going to be this big
enormous you know mental rubber band
that somebody snapped in ER has feelings
and suddenly will realize that just
maybe a lot of the things that we
thought were impossible were only
impossible because of the way we thought
about it and that if we thought about it
differently and acted a little bit
differently maybe all things are
possible not all things but I think we
could make great strides in the golden
age in unrelated news I just tweeted the
moment I came on here right before a
link to a blog post I just put up in
which I am doing a little fact checking
on my critics as you know when I when to
Kanye retweeted my periscopes I became
the focus of negative attention because
people don't like the idea that I could
be you know any part of something
productive
I guess if if I'm associated with Trump
in any way and they dug out every every
rumor and false fact about me and they
printed them and so I thought I would
address them just in case anybody you
know what's it now the reason I wrote it
is I'm not sure it's an interesting blog
post to read maybe for some people but I
didn't write it for that reason I wrote
it for the purpose of being able to
refer to it so if you run into any
people who are saying yeah but that
Scott Adams guy who believes this - that
you can refer him to the blog and in
fact check them so that's why I'm using
it for I'm using it for my own future
fact-checking let's talk about joy read
what I think my only comment about joy
read is what's happening I don't know
what's happening here do you
does anybody know what's happening now
some people are saying well she just
said some homophobic things and now
she's saying that she has no memory of
writing it you know maybe somebody else
wrote it or hacked it interesting Lee I
saw a Rachel Maddow
come out with a full unambiguous
endorsement of joy read which was
interesting it's hard for me to imagine
Rachel Maddow fully endorsing someone
who had ever said even allegedly that
those things so that was interesting now
it could be that it could be the Rachel
Maddow doesn't believe the accusations
could be she didn't think any of them
were you know rose the level of being
important the few the few things I saw
look like they might have been a little
overblown in terms of their importance
but they were offensive nonetheless I'm
having a hard time caring about that
that topic except that it's more it's
more evidence that literally everybody
in the public can be taken down you know
I don't think anybody's safe you know I
get taken down continuity you know
Connie is too big to be taken now but
joy we take it down we'll walk loose and
be part of the era of dragon energy well
I'll tell you the there are three there
are three black let's say thought
leaders and more you know they're more
than that but they're at least that
thought leaders have emerged you seen
Candace Owens Kanye West and Hawk Newsom
I think those are really three of the
most productive voices you're ever gonna
find and Thomas Thomas all except you
know I think Thomas souls has been
around long enough that he doesn't have
the you know the the current energy that
the other three names I mentioned have
which Larry elder as well yeah there are
plenty of people who have been on the
same side as the three people I
mentioned in one way or another but they
haven't had the impact so the three I
mentioned are big impact thinkers who
have who have changed things more so
than even the let's say more more
academic
you know a long time people who have
been saying similar things they just
haven't had quite the impact as the
three I mentioned all right anything
else happening I think I'm going to get
ready to figure out what's going on with
Iran and with Israel my commitment to
you is that if North Korea continues to
go on the right path and I hope it well
that there might be something
interesting happening in the Middle East
as something positive and something
enduring for the first time now I know
people say as they've said in North
Korea you know the last time we thought
we had a deal they said they would
denuclearize and they change their mind
so history repeats to which I say when
was the last time President Trump was
president like this is this is not a
history repeating there's never been a
president Trump you know we haven't been
in this situation we've been in a
situation to remind you of this and shut
because as elements in common but we've
never been in this situation this
situation yep well let me say it as
plainly as possible take any normal
situation and then compare it to that
situation except you've added President
Trump to the mix is it the same
situation now
not really it's a new situation because
he changes you know he changes the
reality when he enters the picture
[Music]
do you think would be better friends
with the East other than with Europe
well let me tell you what one of the
things that President Trump has gotten
right consistently about Europe have you
noticed that you know President Trump is
sort of the insult or in chief you know
he's he's insulted and you know just
about everybody but when he's been
dealing with Asia especially our allies
and then even when North Korea started
becoming you know flexible the one word
that would describe how a president
right respect the way he has treated the
you know the East is with respect he's
used respect as almost like a physical
tool it's so it's so tangible it's so
palpable that that's what he's doing you
know showing ultimate respect to
President Xi was absolutely necessary to
get us where we are
likewise South Korea likewise Japan etc
and he hasn't missed a step on that is
his consistent application of respect in
that area is on target and works
perfectly now does he need to show the
same style and I'll use that word style
of respect for Russia Great Britain
Germany other countries no no because
the culture is different right is there
anybody in Great Britain who can't take
a joke well there's probably people
can't take a joke everywhere but let's
face it we the United States could make
terribly disrespect disrespectful jokes
about Great Britain all day long they
would make some jokes about us we'd all
laugh we'd have a beer all right Doug
just doesn't mean the same thing you
know in in
some cultures as it does and others so I
think President Trump is clearly making
a distinction you know where the respect
has a function and it's important and
he'd and you know you sticks to it you
know very diligently and where it
doesn't matter that much is more of a
free-range situation that's the law of
the jungle it's you know let's let's
show dominance and power you know if
it's a free-range situation with people
who are not hung up on the you know the
absoluteness of respect he uses a
different approach and so far that's
worked South Korea's president says
Trump deserves a Nobel Peace Prize well
I don't know how you could argue it if
we get to a good result still too early
to say we'll get there you know I hate
to get it ahead of myself but you you
just have to talk about a Nobel Prize I
mean what would be a bigger
accomplishment than denuclearizing the
Korean Peninsula come on you know that
you know forget about just a you know
war with North Korea as a risk you know
but their proliferation of nuclear stuff
I mean my god it's like the biggest the
biggest thing is it's the biggest thing
in my lifetime it might be you know the
the Iron Curtain coming down was a big
deal but we weren't fighting with them
at the time you know we were to really
get that war with each other by that
time Azura tweet from the president
about meeting at the DMZ and somebody
said that dude let me check that
sometimes you guys say stuff on the
comments here that numerous come alright
so here's the newest tweet four hours
old numerous countries are being
considered for the meaning but what
peace how's Freedom House on the
order of North and South Korea be a more
representative important at lasting site
than a third-party country just asking
oh oh my god that's the greatest so let
me tell you why I like that so much
do you remember what I've been saying
about the meeting place what I've been
saying about the meeting place is that
it's not just you know wherever is the
most practical you know place in the
middle sore place you can't beat that
you should pick the meeting place based
on the symbolism
based on the message that the meeting
place sentence the president is is
suggesting you know the DMZ and the
peace house because it would be historic
and you know it would be a visual it
would be you know it would send you know
a message etc now the downside of that
is that it is also famous for being a
war zone and it's probably not as visual
as say a switzerland so I had been
pushing Switzerland as an option because
if you get in your head North Korea
Switzerland North Korea Switzerland the
more you pair those two ideas the more
likely you're gonna get a result that
makes North Korea a little more like
Switzerland so persuasion wise the place
you do it is going to change the result
it just does the president is the first
person who is not me to point that out
but fact check me on this but has
anybody else that you've seen discussed
the meeting place in terms of its the
message that the meeting place itself
sentence have you heard anyone else
discuss that but the president and me
right
so yeah I don't think so
but the president's spot on that the the
negotiation is it isn't just the
negotiation it is also the location
that's a variable
somebody said Switzerland is thinking
like a westerner I think that's a fair
criticism
except that Kim jong-un went to school
in Switzerland so if it were a random
neutral country that's closer to the
west I think I think your criticism
would be spot-on but because he already
has a connection to it you know that's a
you know that that makes sense
Wow okay I'm gonna get off of this and
and then we might talk again later talk
to you later