bah-bah-bah pop all boom hey everybody
you're probably wondering where the heck
have I been I'm five minutes late but
you know one of the great things about
working for yourself
and one of the great things about not
working for money
you don't really have to show up on time
your boss will not fire you if you ever
have a chance to have a job that doesn't
require having a boss you should run for
that run toward it but I know what you
want I know why you're here I think as
something to do with coffee with Scott
Adams and the simultaneous sip and today
I'll be taking the simultaneous sip from
my new coffee mug which arrived in the
mail anonymously from apparently a
viewer of this periscope you know who
you are whoever you are thanks for the
mug but there was no no in it so I can't
thank you personally and so join me for
the cycle debut sip oh that's good good
stuff all right so some morning news let
us start with Michael avenatti oh by the
way a number of you have asked why it is
that it seems that I always line up my
face so it's exactly where the comments
are and then you can't see me because
the comments are covering me there's a
long explanation that I it's harder to
put on Twitter but because I'm using the
back camera in other words I can see
myself the the image is reversed so in
order for me to see myself you can see
me and vice versa and the nature of this
this medium is that what I can see
myself it becomes personal to me that's
hard to explain but there you've
probably noticed that the
this medium is very personal and part of
it is that I am aware that I'm not
talking to just a camera and the way
that I'm aware of that is both the
comments and seeing myself so there's
some life if I did not see life and tada
see my my own face it would feel more
like a presentation and you would feel
it as well
so I don't think there's a good way for
me to be able to solve this but I'll
work on it
anyway let's talk about Michael avenatti
he tweets this morning provocatively so
you all know Michael avenatti he was
stormy Daniels lawyer and he represented
the woman who claimed that during the
Kavanagh situation that there had been
these rape parties every weekend he is
not judged to be the most credible
person in the world but he tweets this
morning there is too much at stake in
the midterms for the Dems to allow the
Republicans to use the caravan which is
so obviously a set up as a wedge issue
it is time for the Dems to step up and
be strong on border security
we came out once again be painted as
weak and then lose and then he does
hashtag best I don't even know what that
means so the first thing he says is that
the caravan is obviously a set up by the
Republicans so it looks like avenatti
you're saying that the Republicans yeah
somebody's saying I should use two
devices and I'll try that next time but
I think there's a timing lag because
when I when I see myself here I'm seeing
myself in real time but if I see it in
the playback and watch it the way you're
playing it it's going to be a delay so
it won't get me what I need
but anyway avenatti has apparently come
out to be strong on border security
because
and here's the funny part even avenatti
can't defend the democrats I'll just
leave that right there
I what I saw this tweet this morning in
which avenatti who's presumably running
for president as a Democrat even he
can't find a way to defend the primary
Democratic policy point I don't even
know how he can run as a Democrat when
he's coming out basically as a
Republican or a closer to one than a
Democrat uh and I just loved everything
about this I actually sat on my couch
yeah half an hour ago and I was just
crying I was laughing so hard that even
avenatti can't defend the Democrats
alright let's talk about Ian Bremmer
tweeted a graph from signal and the
source is the Committee to Protect
Journalists and issues some graphs and
I'll just tell you what's there of a
number of journalists in prison as of
2017 the number one imprison er of
journalists is Turkey
is this the best simulation ever I mean
seriously what are the odds there are a
lot of countries in the world I haven't
counted them all up but let me ask my
assistant by the way I have an assistant
now Alexa how many countries are there
in the world
[Music]
alright alright alright alright
so there are 195 countries out of a
hundred and ninety five countries in the
world the number one imprison er of
journalists is Turkey come on there's no
way that this was accidental I mean it
might be accidental but it is humorously
accidental who is the second-worst
imprison er of journalists China that's
right
China is has imprisoned of 41
journalists in 2017 how many fentanyl
labs did they close in 2017 I'll bet
it's less than the number of journalists
that they imprisoned I'm just gonna put
that out there
I'll bet China did not close 41 fentanyl
labs in China that is leading to the
death of 30,000 Americans a year but
they did jail 41 journalists so and if
you're watching the what's happening
with Chinese economy in the US economy
you know that China is having a tougher
time of it or seems to be at least
that's the way it's being reported
who knows what's true anymore but it's
being reported that Chinese having more
problems economically than the US is how
do you know that's true well we don't
know as much about China that's a little
less transparent but what we do know is
that the Fed raised interest rates
because the US economy is too strong now
a lot of people don't don't know a lot
about economics so there are some things
which are obvious to some group of the
public who has study this sort of thing
people have business backgrounds but
it's completely non-obvious
to the general public and that is that
if you're looking at this trade war the
way you win or lose a trade war is that
generally the strongest
has the leverage because they can wait
longer the weak economy can't wait is
long to make a deal and our economy is
so strong that our own country operating
through the Fed had to slow it down
China is worried about not growing at
the rate that they need to and we're
worried about growing too fast who wins
the trade war okay
now the fact that it took President
Trump to pretty much force this through
the government tells you a lot about the
the low quality of our government before
this because now that it's happening
doesn't it feel obvious that it was the
right thing to do you know before the
trade war although almost all the smart
people we're saying no no no we would
trade worse terrible don't do that
everything will come crushing down
didn't didn't pretty much all of the
smart people say that and now that we're
in the middle of it it's so obviously
the right thing to do obviously you know
and and it's obviously working now we
don't know how long it will be to get a
deal but we know that the president set
it up perfectly
he started with having a great
relationship with President Xi he
continues to praise President Xi for
being a strong leader and a capable
person and and and he recognizes that
she is fighting for his team
he's now fighting for America why should
he so he's setting up the respect part
perfectly and and then he's using his
economic leverage professionally and
perfectly this is exactly the way a
trade dispute let's say should look it
should look exactly like this he's
nailing that he's nailing the heck out
of it now we don't know how it will turn
out but if you were to judge it from
this point in history you'd have to give
the president an A
plus he picked the right time to do it
and he created the right atmosphere to
do it he's doing that you know he got a
few small ones done and you know Mexico
and Canada he's really his team and the
president are handling this perfectly
there's no way that that could be missed
by I mean you'd have what kind of a
critic would even dispute it today you
know you can see when when you add less
transparency about it you know months
ago or a year ago I think a reasonable
person could have said you know be
careful about this don't do it
you know that would have been an okay
opinion even if you disagreed with it
but today when we're actually tamping
down the rate of growth of our own
economy because it's too hot and there's
a shrinking and all of these
inequalities and our deal from the
postage to the you know to the IP that
are stealing to everything else it just
seems so obvious that this was the right
move now I don't know how anybody could
even argue against it at this point so
here's the fun part I have you ever seen
a better month for any president I know
I'm not a presidential historian but has
there ever been a 30-day period when a
sitting president just had everything
goes away and it was sort of it was
going to happen by chance
sooner or later you know he was gonna
have the the best month ever which I'm
gonna drink to let us drink to the best
30 days any president ever had join me
yeah so here are the some of the things
that are that are going right now oh the
obvious stuff for the economy and North
Korea and stuff like that we talked
about that all the time but in the past
month here are some other things that
have gone right one is these rallies so
when the president is in travel rally
mode he is the best
the best president of all time you know
mostly for his base right because the
other people are not watching or they
don't like what he's saying but in terms
of his base he's the best president of
all time they love these rallies they
charge up the base
he just takes it to a whole other level
do you remember when the president was
first running for office and people said
dismissively oh he's just a crazy clown
and he's a entertainer and he's a just a
reality TV show star and do you remember
what I said what I said was I think
you're missing something he does have
all of the theater skills I call a
theater
he has a grasp and an understanding of
theater it's on top of his other skills
it's not his skill it's one of his
skills if it were his only skill you
know I wouldn't even be talking about
him lots of people could do that one
thing the the magic here is the other
stuff on top of that the theater part is
just what he does in addition to the
other things in addition to having the
business sense the negotiating the
understanding of government the
understanding of people the charisma the
sense of humor there's just this
enormous talent stack that works really
well together that he built over a
lifetime so when you look at you look at
him using the theater layer of his
considerable talent stack we now see it
differently now you see it as an extra
level that no president has ever has
ever matched you know he's unmatched in
terms of the theater talents part of his
talent stack so that part's going well
so he's got the great visuals he's got
the enormous crowds the the news can't
ignore it entirely because he always
says something a little provocative that
makes them have to focus on it so he's
killing it that way so it's it's good
for him second you're seeing the
the Blue Wave or at least the optimism
for it starting to atrophy quickly you
know we went from oh my god this is
going to be good for Democrats too well
this probably will be good for Democrats
too well we're very we're very confident
statistically that Democrats will still
probably win but maybe not and I believe
the odds of a blue wave are now at least
by some people's reckoning almost
identical to the odds of Hillary Clinton
winning on Election Day now if that's
not perfect if that is not a perfect
setup for surprise version 2.0 let's
call it it needs a name should it come
to pass that the Republicans outperform
and I'm not I'm not predicting that I'm
only predicting that the the turnout for
Republicans will be jaw-dropping that's
that's my prediction the turnout for
Republicans will be jaw-dropping in
other words the news is going to have a
hard time not talking about it and this
has everything to do with I would say my
understanding of Trump supporters we'll
see we'll see if I do understand that my
understanding is that they like a joke
they like winning and they prefer action
over talk as sort of a general quality
you put all that stuff together and what
would be funnier I mean seriously what
would be funnier if you're a trump
supporter than watching the news on
election day for the midterms and
finding a repeat of 2016 you know you
want that not just because you want it
politically you know how fun that would
be so that's my prediction there so
that's going well for the president but
here the
the biggest thing that's happening of
course is the caravan and the caravan is
capturing our attention because it hits
two of the dimensions of persuasion that
are the strongest dimensions the
strongest persuasion is fear fear if you
can persuade using fear you're
automatically the most important person
in the room because everybody takes care
of their fear before they move on to
anything else like okay we got to get
rid of the fear and the look of the just
the sheer number of people in the
caravan the fact that the majority of
them seem male and young is
automatically military invasion like in
our minds even though that's not what it
is so your your subconscious is taking
this visual and turning into something
scary so that there's that plus it's
visual it took a concept which
immigration and turned it into a scary
vigil visual so that's all working in
the president's favor because it just
you know fits the sweet spot of his
persuasion on immigration but but
there's a better part you know how you
can't change history
you know you've you've heard that right
common sense says you can't change
history history is done well you are
watching right in front of your eyes the
President of the United States
the master persuader the best who has
ever done this maybe the best who ever
will
you're watching him change history how
you say how was the president changing
history because that's not even
something that can be done he's actually
doing it right in front of you and
here's what it looks like what was the
biggest mistake that the president
probably ever made in terms of you know
political discourse I would argue that
the biggest mistake he made was the day
he announced because he made the mistake
of casting the immigrants as criminals
which allowed his critics to say you're
saying all people from Mexico are coming
across the border our criminals
you darn racist so that's the history
you used to believe or let's say part of
the country believed so half of the
country believed that he meant literally
that they were all criminals and the
people who became his supporters
believed that he was talking about too
many criminals all right anybody with an
ounce of objectivity would understand he
was not literally saying that the women
and children coming across the border
were ms-13 murderers all right he was
talking about some of them were
criminals and some is too many so that's
how he should have said it he should
have said most of these people are great
people just trying to get a better life
but they're way too many criminals in
that group and we can't ignore that so
something like that you know might have
might have been an optimal now I'm
careful about saying that the president
made a mistake by saying something
outrageous because at the same time I
have to acknowledge they're saying
outrageous things is his technique it's
the reason that he sucks up all the
energy so I can't say for sure that even
was sounded like a gigantic mistake you
know being being a little careless in
his wording so it sounded like all
immigrants were being cast as criminals
you still have to ask yourself well that
is the reason he got all the attention I
don't know if it was a mistake you just
can't tell because there's no way to
score it you can certainly say it
haunted him you could certainly say it
gave tons of ammunition to the other
side you can certainly say it created an
easy trend for the other side to paint
him as a racist but he did win so you
know you have to be a little humble
about looking into the past and trying
to say you should have done something
differently but that is ID
the history that used to exist was that
the president thinks immigrants are all
a bunch of criminals all a bunch of
criminals that's how the the anti-trump
purse
framed him and he sort of has put up
with that framing for a long time now
there have been many times where he is
clarified but because the clarifications
are never as interesting as the original
provocation we we sort of don't remember
the clarifications
so the original provocation his
announcement speech in which he said he
indicated that there there were too many
criminals coming across and has sounded
to some years as if he was saying
they're all criminals that was our
history he's changing history right now
how is he doing it well this is such a
big event this caravan it's in the news
it's in our consciousness the
president's talking about a lot he's
tweeting about it a lot so now what we
think about immigration has morphed from
our earlier mental idea of the whole
situation of immigration and Trump's
comment about it it's now morphing to
more about what's happening at the
moment cuz you're always more persuaded
by what's happening now and you're also
more persuaded by the visual and the
scariness of it
so the old history of what Trump said
about immigrants that's the old history
is now being rewritten in your mind to
what's happening at the moment because
the new stuff is sort of overwriting the
old stuff and what he's doing if you
watch the way he's talking about it he
has corrected his original misstep if it
wasn't a step and that is that when he
talks about the caravan look at the way
he talks about the criminal element
within it now he says you know if the
reporters wanted to go into the group
they would find that within the group
there are criminal elements and even
some people sneaking in from the Middle
East I don't know if
that's fact-checked but that's the claim
so he now is using the caravan to
rewrite at least psychologically he's
rewriting history about what was his
opinion about the percentage of
criminals coming across the border
he's rewriting it it doesn't you know
doesn't seem like you could rewrite
history but keep in mind history doesn't
exist history doesn't exist you can't
hold a little history in your hand you
can't like get a basket full of history
history is a mental thing now you could
you could say that the things happened
and that may be true but history is just
a mental process at this point so that
the president can rewrite history
because he's rewriting your mental
process which is the only way history
exists it exists as a as a an organized
you know an organization of what
molecules and your brain and the
chemistry in your brain and he's
rewiring that so if you are watching the
caravan situation and the president
talking about it you will see that over
and over again he talks about the
caravan being big and that within it if
you were to look carefully within it
there are criminal elements that's the
new frame that he's put on it and he's
hitting it over and over again so that
you're it's now harder to remember and
less credible in your own mind they he
ever said anything different than that
there are criminal elements within the
larger group it's a big big deal that's
completely ignored right because if you
look at the importance of that original
statement about you know crime coming
across the border that really was an
enormous part of people's mental
tapestry about who this president was
and now they're watching him rewrite
their history in real time
so that when they look back at the
original statement they're gonna have to
wonder wait was that a little taken out
of context because right now he's very
clear about criminal elements just being
a component of that group and and too
many of them all right I probably could
have said that in a shorter way but Joel
if you're jogging on the beach I wanted
to give you as much content as possible
and that's all I had all right it seems
to me that there's not much else
happening is there Guatemala captured
some Isis people I haven't seen that
story yeah so fentanyl China continues
to do its thing I continue to track down
different you know different information
and I'm trying to get a trying to get a
good angle on this fentanyl stuff and
one of the big problems is that people
can't think people think in analogies
let me tell you the most common thing
that's happening when I talk about
fentanyl fentanyl on Twitter and most of
you know that I've advocated that if the
United States can determine who within
China is running these fentanyl labs and
I understand there are lots of them yeah
it's not one lab it's lots of these
illegal labs to the extent that we can
figure out who they are and where they
are we should be encouraging the Chinese
government to come down hard on them and
ideally execute them because they're
behind at least they're supplying the
raw ingredients that they know are
killing 30,000 Americans here and so
that should certainly be an executable
offense in China but I've also gone
farther than that and said that
that if China won't act we should
directly execute them so we should
execute Chinese citizens in China to the
degree that we know for sure that their
drug lab operators are professional now
yeah you're seeing some comments here
saying you're insane you'll start World
War three etc here's what I say we're
already in World War three
they're killing 30,000 people a year in
two years Chinese fentanyl will kill
more people than we lost in the Vietnam
War Americans anyway there were a lot
more casualties in Vietnam and so and
somebody say without due process yes I'm
saying that in a war you don't use due
process in a war you do not make sure
that somebody is guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a war you kill
whoever you need to kill now you're
asking yourself hey if you were to kill
somebody on foreign soil wouldn't that
start a war well here's the good news we
don't have to wonder about that because
Putin already did it Putin already
showed us that you can blatantly kill
somebody on foreign soil and if that
person you know isn't especially
important to the overall government that
you're going to get away with it now
Putin killed critics and we still didn't
start a war with Russia
Saudi Arabia just killed a law-abiding
journalist right in front of the world
and we're still not going to start a war
with Saudi Arabia nobody else is either
so the question of whether a foreign
entity can kill somebody on your soil
get caught and still not cause any major
problems has been answered we already
have the answer you can kill people on
foreign soil and here's the key part the
other people are killing people that we
think should not be killed
is not what I'm suggesting I'm
suggesting that we kill people that even
the Chinese government thinks should be
killed in other words they would kill
them themselves if their government was
functioning properly and nobody was
bribed right if the government of China
worked properly they would they would
execute these exact same people it's
against their law but probably there's
corruption and things and inefficiencies
and and whatnot so maybe their
government doesn't work so well the odds
of starting a war because we killed
Chinese fentanyl dealers in China I
believe is zero approximately zero
that's my opinion but you could kill a
few and find out just kill a few and
find out see what the reaction is
because they're not going to go to war
over one and they're probably not going
to go to war over two or three we could
probably kill dozens and if it became a
national headline what then suppose it
became a national headline my god China
is accusing the United States of killing
somebody on their soil and then we have
to report why why did we kill somebody
on their soil well same reason we killed
bin Laden in Pakistan has do you
remember when Pakistan went to war with
the United States because we killed bin
Laden on their territory no you don't
remember that because it didn't happen
why because even Pakistan doesn't want
bin Laden sure they complained they're
supposed to complain that um to keep
their sovereignty it's it's a good form
to complain about it but they're now
going to war about it and they got nukes
all right so China
the last thing China wants is a headline
that says we're killing their fentanyl
dealers because they can't get it done
they don't want that headline China is
going to cover this up faster than we
would let even if a Chinese public
let's say a Chinese newspaper wanted to
report that story the Chinese government
would stop it they don't want a story
that says the u.s. is killing their
citizens because they're responsible for
the death of 30,000 Americans a year no
chance of war none not even the smallest
chance and even if you know even if they
threatened it you'd have so much time to
you know to climb down from it it just
is no risk alright who's going to fund
the op good question I'm not sure it
needs to be American American government
two people it could be other people
could be could be mercenaries could be
paying Chinese nationalists to do it
themselves
could be lots of ways to get it done but
now the argument that people have said
is that well Scott if you say that you
can blame China for supplying this
deadly stuff shouldn't you also be in
favor of killing alcohol makers in the
United States
shouldn't you be in favor of killing car
manufacturers because they know that
their cars kill people Oh Scott
shouldn't you be in favor of killing gun
manufacturers in the United States
because God's killing people isn't it
the same reasoning well here's my answer
to that those are different situations
what can a different situation tell you
about your situation nothing nothing
there's something wrong with your brain
if you're asking yourself about gun
makers and cars and an American products
which are wait for it legal
they're completely legal now if those
things were illegal if if let's say guns
were banned and some manufacturer was
making them anyway unless here's a
better example it's illegal to make a
bazooka or an automatic
weapon and sell it to the public right
you can't do that in the United States
if we found that there was a company an
underground company making fully
automatic weapons and let's say they
were making drones that spray you know
toxic chemicals to kill people let's say
they were making IEDs for terrorist
attacks so in other words illegal
companies what I advocate killing the
the operators of those illegal companies
who were making you know terrorist bombs
and terrorist equipment that can only be
used for illegal terrorist stuff yes
absolutely and if the United States
government for whatever reason wouldn't
or couldn't kill those terrorists
operating on her own soil would I be
upset if China killed them for us well I
would certainly raise an eyebrow about
that I would certainly wonder why that's
happening but if the Chinese government
and this is a ridiculous thought
experiment but that's the point when
whenever you're talking about you know
give me your opinion on this because
something completely different was
something played it completely different
you know yeah so yes analogies are not
persuasive but I'm making a point that
if the Chinese government came and
killed somebody who in this country who
was a known terrorist it wouldn't start
a war with China so my point is that
I'll take it out of the analogy
countries don't go to war because you
solved their problem and if we kill some
of the owners of their fentanyl labs
because for whatever reason they're not
doing it
we're solving their problem too so you
don't go to war because you solved
another country's problem you just leave
all the analogies out of it and you
can't compare that to any kind of legal
industry in another country there's no
comparison there all right
tariffs on all Chinese drugs I'm okay
with that I'm okay on any kind of
maximum pressure on China under the
circumstances should fentanyl be illegal
so and other people are arguing that
you're not going to change the supply of
fentanyl by killing the dealers I agree
with that let me say it as clearly as
possible no matter how many fentanyl
labs you close no matter how many you
execute you won't change the supply
because it's too easy for another one to
pop up and fill in the government you
can fill in the gap that's not the
reason I'm advocating killing them I'm
advocating killing them to size the
problem it needs to be treated as a war
and one of the ways to get people to
understand the size of it so that
they'll put the right priority on it so
that they'll they'll put resources on it
so that they'll stop thinking of other
things and think about this because it's
so it's so critical it's like a big
bleeding wound you got to put the the
tourniquet on it all I want is to kill
enough people that we understand that
what the labs are doing is so bad that
has to be treated as mass murder if we
treat it as a drug problem we completely
lose the magnitude of it let me use an
analogy to make my point
a handgun is a weapon used to kill
people where it can be right a nuclear
weapon is a weapon used to kill people
should our laws about handguns be the
same as our laws about nuclear weapons
answer no because even though they're
both a weapon to kill people the size
and scale of a nuclear weapon makes it
an entirely different situation from a
handgun likewise if you're looking at
our laws that laws that we have for
heroin laws about cocaine loss about
marijuana those are like a handgun they
can kill well not so much marijuana but
but the lower level opioids you know
that the heroines and the cocaine's and
stuff they can kill people like a
handgun can kill people but can kill a
lot of people but it's not fentanyl
fentanyl is a nuclear weapon and if you
if you're treating the nuclear weapon
the same as you're treating the handgun
you're you're in the wrong conversation
so everybody who says to me hey why
don't we legalize fentanyl because
somebody somebody did something with
heroin you're you're using handgun laws
to make decisions about nuclear weapons
now that said I am in favor I am totally
in favor of anything that can be tried
small so if you can do a trial in the
city or a state where there's where you
relax the laws and somehow you protect
people and you treat them instead of
instead of putting them in jail so I
mean I'm in favor of trying every small
thing you can try that has any potential
whatsoever as long as it's reasonably
you know reasonably constructed
let's talk about George Soros so I feel
bad about this so I asked on periscope a
few times for somebody to explain to me
or or send me a link to something that
would describe why people think George
Soros is the devil now it's not because
I haven't read things about him I have
but every time I read it I keep looking
for the the part where I'm supposed to
understand that he wants open borders or
no borders or something or something
that's something that would make him as
evil as he is portrayed by the right and
then I read the article and it doesn't
quite doesn't really quite sell it so I
think okay it wasn't that article
obviously I'm just not reading the right
articles and so I kept thinking I would
at least accidentally just run into
something about Soros that would tell me
his open society or whatever was a
menace to the world and that there would
be an explanation and say oh he's doing
this and you can tell that if people do
this it will lead to this bad result
that has to exist right well so I I
asked people to you know to explain it
to me what's so bad about him and people
would resort to generalities and I
thought to myself well maybe everybody
thinks somebody else knows what he's
doing they don't they can't quite
explain it themselves but they've heard
it so many times that yes so there's
stories about him being a Nazi
collaborator which was apparently true
when he was a child all right so that's
not like being a Nazi collaborator being
a Nazi collaborator when you're a child
doesn't mean you are not so he just
means you didn't want to get killed so
certainly don't blame him for being a
fourteen-year-old who did what he was
told so he didn't get killed
so people pointed me to leave Stranahan
if I'm pronouncing right Stranahan who
apparently is one of the most
knowledgeable people on the question of
George Soros he was nice enough to make
a video explaining his view I don't like
to watch long-form videos I know it's
ironic but I usually don't have you know
a half an hour to sit down and and
absorb something long so I I said you
know could he just summarize it just put
it in a tweet I don't need the details
but just what is in one sentence two
sentences three sentences tell me what
he's doing that's so bad because it
seemed to me that if you can describe
anything that's real in a few sentences
watch me do it so I'm gonna just I'm
going to describe any problem that's a
real problem with just a few words okay
here's one China's trade deals are
unfair now I'm leaving out the details
but just telling you that tells you
tells you the basic idea right I'd have
to support that with some details but
you understand it's just one sentence I
could say Isis are a bunch of terrorists
who want to kill us totally
understandable
all right you don't know the details but
you get that fentanyl coming from
Chinese labs is killing 30,000 Americans
here that's a problem one sentence and I
described it and I think you could go
down a very long list yeah climate
change people are worried that climate
change is warming the world and will
destroy our climate one sentence and I
understand what's wrong with climate
change now I still need the details but
it only took one sentence to give me the
general idea now people are saying open
borders as far as I can tell that's just
false all right I think that's just
false the open borders because I think
that the way people are interpreting
that is literally no borders as in no
countries I don't believe there's any
indication that soros wants to get rid
of actual borders if I'm wrong it's been
five years that nobody sent me a link
that would support the fact he wants to
get rid of borders I think he might want
to have better systems for bringing in
temporary workers across borders which
is exactly what the president wants the
president also would like better
immigration system so that you could
easily bring people across borders for
work but they wouldn't necessarily be
residents all right so I sort of asked
Lee on Twitter to just sort of tell me
what is the problem
the basic problem and he did and this is
part I feel bad about because I know
he's like a legitimate guy doing
legitimate stuff and has lots of
followers and he's very popular but when
he tried to summarize yet it was
generalities and when I see generalities
I call their word salad and I felt bad
about that but when I see generalities
and then I asked him you know could he
link could he show me a link to somebody
who would explain it in a written
article just because it's faster and and
Lee actually said that he's probably the
one who knows the most about this topic
and one of the problems is that there
aren't good articles that sort of tell
the story if there were he would have
linked me to him now what do you do if
you're me in this situation so here's
the setup I wrote a book called a win
big Lee in which some of what I don't
know if I said it as explicitly as I'm
gonna say it now but you get the idea
that if somebody can't explain fairly
succinctly what the problem is it might
be imagination
in other words
uh a lolly a mass delusion so a mass
delusion would be the tell for that
would be that everybody's afraid of it
but when they go to explain what they're
afraid of is sort of doesn't make sense
in other words you can't agree with it
or disagree with it it just actually
doesn't make sense that's the key so if
you're looking for you know a Salem
witch trials situation if you're looking
at Trump derangement syndrome if you're
looking at any any kind of thing that
you're wondering is this real or is this
some kind of a you know a national
hallucination look for the word salad
look for the inability of anybody
involved to succinctly explain what's
wrong so and you can see it in the
comments so let me put it to you right
now your so your comments have enough
space for you to tell me what's wrong
with Soros so he's a currency
manipulator that is true it's also legal
and it's also not the reason that people
are complaining about him read his book
open society that's an example of so so
whoever said somebody just said read his
book open society that's an example of
you being in a hallucination it's not an
example of you making your case because
if you were making your case you'd say
George Soros killed the baby and I'd say
oh he did I don't have the details but
now I know what your problem is if it
were real you'd say George Soros wants
to overthrow the government of the
United States and I'd say oh I
understand that
I'll still need to see the details but I
understand it if you say read his own
book you are indicating to me in the
strongest possible way that you don't
know what the problem is and it's
somebody else's saying
own book he wrote it he explains it if
you can't explain it in one sentence
what the problem is it's not in his book
so that's my challenge to you I'm
looking at you he's a proven anarchist
that's not true he funds anti five does
he does he so he funds a variety of
interests but why funding an tyfa is not
the worst problem in the world because
anti-fire really is not terribly
important in the big picture
does he fund an tyfa because he wants
them to take over the world
does he fund anti-fog because he wants
to take over the united states
or does he fund fund to empty file
because some parts of what they say some
parts of what they say he he agrees with
so he might be against racism for
example as his empty file so the most
cogent argument is that he's that
accidentally funding bad groups that's
pretty vague isn't it pretty vague take
for example apparently somebody said
he's funding black lives matter now
seems to me the funding black lives
matter is very similar to being against
racism
he doesn't have to agree with everything
the groups do if he agrees was sort of
the the main thrust he can't be
responsible for the actions of every
single person in black lives matter but
he can say yeah i think police brutality
is something to worry about
i think racism is something that needs
to be addressed more aggressively that's
not exactly a monster
somebody says I can't watch this anymore
he's a Nazi I believe he is not a Nazi
and I believe that all of you have not
all of you I believe that most of you
have been duped duped I hate to say it I
think most of you have been duped by the
soros of stuff being against racism and
being for black lives matter aren't the
same thing now they're not exactly the
same thing but there's no indication
that Soros has bad intentions is there
it let me let me say this does anybody
think that in Soros own mind he has evil
intentions or do you believe that he has
good intentions for the world but his
idea of how to get there is different
from a lot of other people's ideas what
do you think I've seen no evidence he
has bad intentions
now I'm not ruling it out but if you if
you look at the fact that nobody can
explain it
he destabilized currencies yes
completely legally you know the the
trouble is that everybody in the high
finance world is doing stuff that if you
were to look at it from some kind of
fairness filter you'd say they ought not
be doing that you know there are some
things that are useful but a lot of it
in the high finance world looks like
just people doing shenanigans somebody
says I think you're just playing with us
well I'm challenging you so to be very
clear there's no trick to what I'm doing
right now so there's no hidden motive I
am telling you that I don't see a
compelling reason to think he's the
devil
I see the reasons that you might not
agree with some of the organizations
he's funding but they're sort of trivial
they don't seem to be and and they don't
seem to
bad intentions alright I know you don't
like hearing this topic because it's so
disagrees with your preconceived notions
about him I and let me be very clear I'm
not defending him I'm saying I don't
know much about him but it's very
telling that those of you on here can't
come up with a coherent problem with him
that it's that there's a lot of people
signing out on this topic all right so
if you want to make your George Soros
case I'm open to it
so if you if you think I was giving you
an opinion on George Soros you're wrong
I was telling you that I'm puzzled by
why your opinions about him are so
unpersuasive and that's not a
coincidence
and I'm gonna talk to you all later