[Music]
hey everybody come on in
yeah you found it the best place in the
entire world for right now and that
means it must be time for the
simultaneous if the thing that well you
look forward to it all day really until
the next thing and all you need for the
simultaneous sip you probably know but
all you need is a cup or a mug or
glasses take heard staggered now you
don't need a staggered leave your
staggered at home at anchor chalice or
Stein the canteen jug a flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid like coffee enjoyed me now for
the unparalleled pleasure that dopamine
to the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip watch those statues
start to be reacted even as you sip
unless you don't like statues in which
case they're falling down everything's
better with coffee all right let's talk
about all the things so this morning I
noticed that one of my tweets had picked
up quite a few retweets I had over
10,000 retweets other tweet and I
thought to myself huh what's going on
with that and then I noticed that
President Trump had retweeted me yet
again yet again but the funny part about
it or the interesting part if you will
is not that you retweeted me because I
think he's done that I don't know
several times in the past year but it's
why he retweeted and this is why he
retweeted of mine I tweeted that I'm no
political expert but the Democrats
strategy of effectively legalizing
violent crime before a national election
seems a suboptimal hashtag job
not mobs so here's what you need to know
that my hashtag jobs nah mobs got
retweeted by the president so you know
that he's at least friendly to that
framing it doesn't mean that that will
be any kind of a feature but it does
mean that he responded to it and I will
go further and tell you the Trump
campaign ad that will guarantee victory
are you ready
visualize with me close your eyes if you
must and imagine that you're watching a
trump campaign ad it's a split screen on
the left are a bunch of images of
democrat run cities mostly with protests
and looting and crime in the streets and
you know it's all it's all gray and
dismal and dystopic it looks like the
end of the world and it's and each time
there's a new picture there's a new
democrat city so you'd have to say
something like you know Chicago and then
the name of the mayor Democrat you know
and then they do City after City after
City meanwhile on the right of the
screen you would show you know nice
things going right you know the the
Republican Trump for you maybe you'd
show some Republican cities but you
don't need to you could just you could
just show you know gleaming capitalism
going right and people being happy and
you could just say it's the two visions
you know two worlds big one and if that
can actually be the the closing screen
as you just go to a solid black screen
you just say two worlds pick one because
if you frame it as those two choices
it's extremely visual the split screen
gives you contrast it's very simple
right you don't want to be explaining
why your system that you want to
implement is better and you know
systemic racism and it's a concept and
there's no picture that goes with
it and it just doesn't grab your hand
but man you shall be a split-screen
where one of them is just looks like the
end of the world and that's what the
Democrats are actually promising you
because they're saying we want to do
more of this yeah I mean they're
literally saying give us more of this
and we know what this looks like
visually so that's you know obviously
just in the in terms of a champion
campaign ad that's what it looks like so
I think that ad would be the end of it I
was just watching Jason Miller from the
Trump campaign in just moments before I
came on talking to you smirk on ish on
CNN now Smerconish is one of the most
interesting media characters because I
feel as though it's a little bit like
Harry Potter where the the Wizards have
to pretend they're not Wizards they have
to sort of fit in with the muggles and I
often look for them the Wizards hiding
among the muggles and the way that you
can tell the Wizards from the muggles is
that the Wizards are capable of
independent thought they're capable of
having an opinion that maybe doesn't
agree with their own team and Smerconish
is one of those so super Smerconish this
is just my take my personal opinion I
think Smerconish is a wizard hiding
among muggles as the event meaning that
he is an actually open-minded person who
would legitimately listen to arguments
on both sides and we've seen him do it
he said be on his show several times but
he does it artfully so that he's really
just presenting the opinions and I guess
that's good enough to keep him employed
to see you then
so spicata shabda Jason Miller Ron and
Jason was saying how all the polls
showing that Trump is way behind are the
types of polls where once again they
overweight Democrats and they don't ask
likely voters they just ask the voters
so Jason Miller was saying that there
are internal polls and any poll that
does it correctly shows that it's a
toss-up it's already neck-and-neck right
so all this in your mind according to
Jason biller their internal polls and
also looking at I don't know Rasmussen
or some other some other poll they're
saying that if you do it right which the
other polls have not done right it's
actually kind of a toss-up or the
president is ahead in the key states
that he needs to win is that true then
first of all do you think that's true do
you think that their internal polling is
first of all done but more appropriately
than the public ones you'd have to
accept that mystery then secondly that
he's correctly and accurately telling
you that it looks like a toss-up now
suppose that's true
that doesn't even count the shy Trump
supporters who are just literally hiding
so even so it looks like a toss-up it'll
cording to Jason Miller so you have to
put your own credibility out of it right
anything that comes out of a head of a
campaign whether it's your team or the
other team if it comes out of the
campaign you're gonna have to put that
credibility filter on it a little bit
but if it's true it looks like a
landslide it looks like a landslide to
me now there are lots of there are lots
of things that could you know change and
will change between now and Election Day
and one of the factors is whether people
are frightened and will stay home and I
would say at this point I can't even
imagine this situation helped me along
on this with the comments I want to see
if I'm way off base I want to see if you
agree with me overwhelmingly or I'm just
lost in my own mind in my opinion there
will never have ever been and may never
be again a presidential election that is
more motivating for conservatives
more motivating for conservatives
because remember the conservatives are
looking at the alternatives now it's not
a concept anymore we're actually looking
at these cities just being destroyed and
in the conservative mind that's now the
option it's like okay the way we were
you know a little more order or that
stuff a lot more of that stuff it's not
even close it's it's no longer it no
longer looks like a political decision
of like well I'd like lower taxes they
want higher taxes it's nothing like that
at this point it looks like existential
threat that the Republicans will be
wiped off the face of the political
earth if not the real one no I don't
think that the risk of of actual death
is very high but it will feel like it
it's gonna feel like it so if you count
the fact that there's at least one
certainly one Supreme Court position in
play you know Ruth cater Ruth Bader
Ginsburg and you add everything else
that's at risk I don't think there will
ever be a bigger turnout from
conservatives it's going to be it's
gonna be records but will Joe Biden get
the same record turnout well I don't
know keep in mind the Dylan even his own
side is a little questionable autumn now
the other thing that Jason Miller said
is that depending on whether you look he
has OGG B or Rasmussen that
african-american support for the
president is at a record high now do you
believe that do you believe that African
Americans support for President Trump is
at a record high I do believe it I do
believe that now record high for a
Republican is still 14 to 20 percent so
lots of room to improve there but yeah I
completely believe that because it just
looks that way to me
it meaning that if I were to look at
what he's offering and I were to look at
you know what I know about the world I
would say yeah that feels about right
you should get about that
that kind of passes the sniff test so
it's a lot of meters at 100% but of
course that will change a lot did you
all watch the major Walt Wall news
coverage of the violence and I call it
riot around the Columbus statue at Grant
Park in Chicago did you all watch that
was all over the TV news last night and
then you turn on you know you open up to
your major news sources and there it is
again it's just videos and pick what you
didn't see it oh you didn't see it
oh oh you had to go to social media to
see it didn't you you probably did you
may have seen a clip on the regular news
but if you wanted to see the real action
you probably had to see somebody's
periscope or live stream or or video
that got posted on social media and it
looked pretty brutal actually but it
does look like the police have made a
stand and that Columbus statue is not
going to come down anytime hard because
the police actually held held the
territory so you would agree would you
not that the news both the left and the
right are intentionally not showing the
news right okay do you back me on this
I'm not sure if you do but it seems like
it's just obvious that they're
intentionally not showing the protest to
reduce the buy gas right just to reduce
them by not showing them I would think
so
the big news of course is that John
Lewis congressman and civil rights
legend has died at age 80 so that will
be a big headline today I noticed I was
comparing CNN to fox news coverage
because you know
Fox News has to try harder to not look
racist because they're always being
accused of it so Fox News if you go to
their front page it's like John Lewis
John Lewis John Lewis I mean they went
hard at the John Lewis story now it's
also a featured on the CNN page but it's
interesting to watch Fox go at it even
harder as sort of a branding defensive
play I would think successfully so it
was actually a smart play business-wise
it was a smart play now here's the other
thing that's funny about that Portland
situation Portland being another city
that's got the anti phone by the way I
want to try out a name for an tyfa all
right I want to give them a new name how
about this the flu Klux Klan what do you
think because the only reason that an
tyfa is getting as much traction as it
is right now is because the coincidence
of black lives matter and the
coincidence of the corona virus the flu
so it feels like there the flu Klux Klan
new anti Phi's anyway just trying that
out here's an interesting tidbit did you
know that Anderson's Cooper's family
Anderson Cooper's family meaning his
ancestors once owned Michelle Obama's a
great great grandfather as a slave now
there's nothing funny about slavery but
there's something a little bit funny
about the fact that Anderson Cooper
could not possibly be more of a poster
child for white supremacy I mean that's
sort of like a perfect candidate right
now keep in mind the white white
supremacy earth and white supremacists
have changed and meaning it no longer
means and what I say no longer I mean
just in the last few weeks like within
the last 30 days the definition of this
raise changed so used to be people who
thought
other other races were inferior doesn't
mean anymore because frankly nobody
thinks that way quite the way people did
in the old days of course there look
everybody's there are lots of people in
the world so they're people with bad
feelings and opinions but generally
speaking there are not people thinking
in that way there's still plenty of
racists but they're not thinking
everybody in my group is better than
everybody in those other groups that
just doesn't exist in 2020 but white
supremacy certainly exists in the way
that it has newly been defined as simply
the situation that there are white
people in charge who maybe would not be
so in charge except for the history of
everything from slavery odd which sort
of keeps them in power and what would be
a better example than the Avenger built
family who owned among other things
there was a lot of stuff but apparently
at least one of the things they owned
was a plantation including Michelle
Obama's great-great-grandfather and now
Anderson Cooper got a great education
lots of contacts probably helped him to
and now he's on a major news channel it
is Anderson Cooper not the most perfect
example of white supremacy according to
the new definition that doesn't mean the
way he's thinking it just means by his
position he's advantaged by his past
which directly was benefited by slavery
although his ancestors have lots of
money from lots of different places -
just an interesting fact that doesn't
have any importance here's the other
Portland thing that was interesting do
you know that the I think he's the
acting head of the Department of
Homeland Security this is his actual
name if you haven't caught this you
don't know how hard the simulation is
winking at you but all these
coincidental names are just too much all
right so the guy who is the head of the
Department of Homeland Security which at
the moment are being deemed
for being you know to gestapo-like the
left to say his name is Chad wolf wolf
his last name is wolf and he's the head
of the organization which is being
demonized as being you know too
aggressive yeah his name is wolf he's a
head of it and his first name is Chad
come on come on can that be real
somebody says I should use the flu flux
flan instead the flu Klux Klan flu flux
plan I don't know that that makes sense
but I like it here is a let me add a
little conspiracy theory on top of your
breakfast this morning this one I like
what I say I like it
it means it's it's a total it just
screws with your brain and I think it's
more likely true than not I wouldn't say
that about every conspiracy theory but
this one feels a little more true than
not now of course conspiracy theory is
not exactly what this is but it's let's
call it fake news so you you may have
all seen by now the video of the
department of homeland security guys who
are in a heavy camo they looked very
military you know fully tricked-out with
the military gear you saw them get out
of an unmarked regular sedan or actually
got a minivan or something and go over
and arrest some anti felt looking guy
who was not doing anything wrong he was
just sort of went there with a few
friends and they they grabbed this guy
without much without much conversation
and they take him back and they put it
in the car and they leave and that's on
video and and the people that were left
behind we're like what's your name
what's your name so they could they can
help him out later now do you think that
actually happened you saw that video
right would you ever doubt your eyes you
saw right on with you you saw it on
video
obviously it happened you didn't see
anybody say that that was a fake video
right so if you watched it with your own
eyes what happened was these military
looking people grabbed a peaceful
protester put him in an unmarked car and
it disappeared it's pretty bad is that
like a death squad maybe a death squad
gestapo possibly are they taking them to
secret torture facilities maybe or let
me give you another another hypothesis
now when you hear the other hypothesis
you have to go back and watch the video
and you will be slapping yourself on the
side of the head all right
here's the other interpretation of the
same video and see which one you like
better
they were extracting their owners source
in other words the guy they arrested was
actually just one of their guys
he was just dressed as an tyfa fully
fully made up so you can only see his
eyes and his you know black bloc outfit
on and yeah cuz there was no resisting
whatsoever he just sort of backed up
with his hands up you know like like he
wasn't trying to run away and he wasn't
resisting but other people were watching
so he couldn't just like run into their
arms and these two guys walk up to him
they gently take him by each arm he
turns and willingly walks as fast as
they do completely cooperative no
handcuffs the the smallest amount of
force they're literally just holding
button by the arm on both sides and they
walk him directly to the car and they
put him in now he wasn't he didn't seem
to be resisting too much I think he
might have been yelling I didn't do
anything or something which would be
part of the show now if you were going
to remove one of your sources isn't that
the way you'd do it the way you do it is
to look like you're arresting them
excuse you get a twofer it makes you
look tough makes you look scary
and you get your asset off the street so
now I can't tell you that it was an
extraction so I don't know that but go
watch the go watch the video watch it
again and just hold the two hypotheses
in your head and see which one it looks
exactly like because there's one it
looks exactly not like and there's what
it looks exactly like you decide
we can't know because video lies this
would just be another example of video
live but it's fun to think about it
alright so Ruth Bader Ginsburg has had
this liver cancer which apparently she's
says she's battling somewhat
successfully but here's the real
question if the worst were to happen in
let's say she did not survive to
Election Day what would Mitch McConnell
do if there were an opening on the
Supreme Court and the Republicans knew
that if they rushed it and they could
get Democrats to go along with it that
they could push through another Supreme
Court person before the election even
happens but given the Mitch McConnell
held the last seat open until until
Trump was elected how can he not do the
same thing now so close to the election
to be I think that if if the worst
happened and let's say Ruth Bader
Ginsburg did not survive until Election
Day I think what McConnell should do is
keep the seat opened I think you should
keep the seat open because that is
consistent but also my god
know what an election it would be I say
keep it open let the voters let the
voters decide because that's what
McConnell said in the last election and
nothing's changed I mean the dynamic of
of that decision is the same so I would
suggest that he leave it opened should
that become a possibility but I would
say she's going to survive at this point
given the last up
it looks like she'll be with us through
the election I was reading that the meat
packers of the United States have a very
high rate of infection which you would
expect those are sort of working indoors
in close quarters and stuff but that
they have a low death rate so this was
given that sort of a mystery why is it
that there's a low death rate among
these meat packers when there are so
many who are infected and I don't know
the answer to that but I would suggest
that a story that says we don't know why
a certain group of people this is
surviving better I would suggest that
that story should always include are
they taking hydroxychloroquine or not
now I'm not saying that it works again
I've upped by estimate of
hydroxychloroquine being important and
working from about 30% to about 50%
based on you know unscientific things or
that I'm hearing lately but if you're
just silent on that question it just
sort of leaves it out there hanging if
you were let's say you were the
government of the United States and you
knew that keeping the meat packing
industry working was essential to the
food the food security of the United
States so we're talking about something
that's equally as important maybe more
than even health care you know as
important as health care isn't a
pandemic you still gotta have food so
you got to keep the food supply going I
mean you know the band-aid isn't gonna
help you if you starve to death so given
the importance of meat packers to the
food security of the United States would
you assume that they are on
hydroxychloroquine prophylactically
because I would I would assume that that
group is the beat you know after health
care workers and first responders I
would think that they would be the
number one group that the doctors even
if it wasn't a
I would think that the doctors would say
you know you know health care workers
are taking this prophylactically you I
think isn't the same now again we
wouldn't see any difference if
hydroxychloroquine doesn't work but the
fact that there could be a story about a
group with low infections and not
mentioned whether or not their own
hydroxychloroquine is missing here's one
of my fun stories of the day but this is
the category of everything you think you
know is wrong just all the time so you
know Alan of The Ellen Show apparently
there's some stories now about ex
staffers talking about what a hellscape
it was to work for Ellen the element
appears to be one of the nicest human
beings in the world and I would like to
continue believing that is true and I'd
like to use this one example from what
the staff were bitching about to make my
case number one how typical is it that
is somebody who is used to work with
someplace and then left talks trashin
about their boss it's kind of universal
all right you see that the ex-employee
is a president Trump write books about
how terrible he is blah blah and one of
the things I always say is you realize
that's just every boss every boss who's
had lots of employees churned through
every boss could have one of those
employees write a book about what a
monster that boss was every boss so you
can always find disgruntled ex-employees
and if you treat them like they've told
you something useful you're doing it
wrong because they yeah you're doing it
wrong because you're not learning
something useful there so now we know
even Ellen you know the probably the
most open-minded seemingly from our
point of view I don't know her
personally but from the outside looks
like the nicest person in the world and
the staff says it's like a hellscape
but here's one of the anecdotes for why
it was a pleasant place to work so
people had been told that if they see
Ellen walking around you know before the
show or after I guess if they see her
just walk you around the set somewhere
they are not to engage her and talk to
her they are not to talk to her so
that's pretty unpleasant place right so
as soon as you hear that you go Oh Oh
Ellen she's actually she's just not very
friendly she doesn't even want the
common people to even talk to her if she
walks by are they supposed to look away
did not make eye contact what a monster
all right now let me put this in context
for you because it's all fake news all
fake news that same story can be and has
been told about me right so when you see
it from the other side you know what's
happening here's how it works
all right here's how this works I often
get speaking requests and I used to do a
lot of them in the past and I would go
to an event that be backstage and then
maybe I'd be backstage for an hour or
more in whatever their little green room
situation is so I'd have an hour before
I was supposed to be on now the secret
of being a good presenter which would be
true on television as as it would for
life is energy you want to have your
highest energy you really you want to
you want to make sure that your best is
in that moment when everybody's watching
and if your energy gets siphoned off
before you go live you can tell it's
actually a pretty big difference you can
feel it yourself the audience can feel
it too and so I have often told my the
people who booked me that if they didn't
mind I'd sort of like to stay to myself
for the hour before the show I mean of
course I talked to the promoters and the
you know the organizers and I talked to
the the people who are miking me up and
everything so it's not like I'm not
talking to people but I have directly
said to the people who were sort of
managing
if it'd be alright I'd like to just sort
of be to myself to get my energy
together now what happens when the
person I tell tells somebody on the
staff does it come out too safe when
when the person I told and I told them
politely and they completely understood
but when they tell it to somebody else
what's it sound like
it sounds like don't talk to this guy
you know you know don't talk to Scott
you know he doesn't like it or that it
turns into he hates it when you talk to
him right and it turns into a I'm a jerk
because I don't want to talk to the
little people and and and then somebody
who maybe has a book they want to sign
and and somebody else will stop them say
no no he doesn't you know he doesn't
want to be bothered you know and then it
turns into I'm a big jerk turns into I'm
a big jerk and all I wanted to do was do
the best job I could for the people who
hired me that's all I wanted to do a
good job so that all those people who
were mad at me would have a good
experience too and their business would
do well I have no bad intentions all I
want to do is protect my energy for when
I need it so my guess is that Ellen has
that times 10 imagine if you're Alan
you're you're trying to keep your
thoughts together you're thinking about
what jokes you might say how you're
going to talk to your guests you have
five different guests you've got 15
different topics you've got to put them
all in your head for this show and then
you're walking from place to place and
the the lighting person stops you it
says Ellen Ellen I just got to tell you
the story about my cousin who is loves
you my cousin loves you so my cousin all
right so my cousin she went to the store
and uh and uh and she saw her friend
Betty and now you know hold onto Ellen
and and then Betty and then she was
talking and then she said to Betty and
then well you know so it's a long story
and by the way you know can I get can I
get your autograph okay what would you
like me to sign well I don't have
anything I don't have anything
could you wait and I'll go get something
I'll go find something to decide so now
imagine that encounter multiplied by
everybody on the staff who all want to
talk to Allen they'd all want to talk to
her so I guarantee you that at some
point somebody said don't talk to Ellen
if you see her but they didn't give the
full explanation so that's the point
anyway here's another great story from
the simulation I like these coincidences
except it's a terrible story so there
was some shooting at a cemetery I forget
where yesterday I guess and somebody
with a gun was chasing two other people
shot one of them tried I think maybe
shot two of them and I don't know what
the situation was that caused somebody
to be running after people and shooting
them but one of the stray bullets hit a
car that was waiting at a stoplight I
think the car happened to be owned by
somebody who is a firearms trainer so
the guy with that the crazy guy - the
guy that he was trying to shoot people
accidentally one of his bullets hits a
car and by all coincidence it's a person
who has a gun with him and he's a
firearms expert grabs his gun gets out
of the car and takes that guy out one of
the odds that you're one stray bullet
that hits a car hits a firearms expert
who is sitting there next to his loaded
gun come on all right there was a I
think it was on Fox News they've got a
story about a what they call a black
professor I don't want to live in the
world where you ever have to say
somebody's racial identity before you
tell the story like that's how you know
someday you'll know you live in a better
world when you don't have to say a black
professor like just the fact you would
have to specify anybody's race before
you tell Africans
Cory just tells you where we're at all
right but he's a Columbia associate
professor name isn't McWhorter and he
was complaining that that book white
fragility which tells white people how
to be better people I guess in terms of
racism and he said this quote in my life
racism as affected to be now with that
net the margins very occasional social
ways but has no effect on my access to
societal resources if anything has made
them more available to be that they
would have been otherwise so it's a
black professor saying that being black
helped him more than to hurt him
except for annoying social things that
were not a great consequence now here's
my question if you let's say you buy
into the entire black lives matter
narrative how did they explain the
existence of this guy
because if it's clear and obvious to all
people you know that that the racism is
holding people back why is there a black
professor in the United States who
hasn't seen it how could there be such a
gigantic problem and this guy's lived
his whole life and he says well I see
like trivial stuff like annoying stuff
but it's actually helped to be more than
his her be how could he be alive
how can he exist in the same world and
not seeing what the other people are
saying so that's just a question yeah
they can't all be right
how can he exist all right and his
argument is that the black lives matter
movement is infantilizing black people
because it's sort of and the white
fragility book especially trading
trading white people how to be let's see
more gentle with black people
isn't Fanta lysing it's like oh well you
don't have to worry about the you know
Filipino Americans you don't have to
worry about the Asian Americans you know
the Hispanic Americans they're there
they're looking fine you know there's no
special problems there but when you talk
to black people you've got to talk a
whole different way so that you're not a
racist and and and so McWhorter makes
the point that he feels it's in
tantalising black people that's exactly
how I feel I feel like it's
infantilizing I'm surprised I'm honestly
surprised that it's popular but I would
agree with him that it's infantilizing
and you can't get to equality that way
so you need some better something I
always feel like the cancel culture has
Scouts do you ever feel that that you
know the it's the mob that comes after
you online or otherwise if you're about
to get cancelled but before the mob
comes there are Scouts that just probe
your defenses so I've got a few Scouts
who are probing my defenses today on
Twitter and I had asked the question how
many how many people who had at least a
B average in school have ever been
killed by cops
now how are you supposed to interpret
that so that so forget about has nothing
to do with race just how many people who
had at least a B average where ever
killed by cops and the the implication
which I was hoping people would say is
that the way you act is probably a big
determinant of the outcome in other
words the what I I implied but I guess
people don't get it is that the kids who
would do well in school are likely the
same kids who would know to stay out of
trouble with a cop and not push back too
hard and then therefore not get killed
but how was that interpreted that was
interpreted by one of the castle culture
Scouts as me being in favor of genocide
based on IQ so that's kind of close to
what I said not so the canceled culture
is trying to dig me for promoting
genocide which is pretty close to the
opposite of what I'm promoting all right
there's somebody saying that those
Portland kidnappings where the the DHS
people are taking people off the streets
they're probably not all extractions
some of them might be just people they
need to question which is what they say
but somebody tweeted that that how can
how can people libertarians especially
watch this happen
and watch their rights be taken away
they're watching their rights be taken
away by these armed people to which I
said I'm glad I don't live in this
subjective reality in which law
enforcement is stripping away rights
instead of reclaiming them for the
residents you know it's not just one set
of Rights that are on that her on the
line here
the people who live in those areas they
had a right to peacefully coexist to the
United States without violence and
threats they have rights too so I don't
see that world to which rights are being
taken away I do see a world in which
they're being given back that's what I
see all right yes where did the violent
mobs get the rights to destroy
everything well I guess it's the right
of free speech and as the proponents of
free speech often say you sometimes it
gets a little out of control I'm not
sure that I have a big problem with
freedom of speech get again and control
down that mobs do that you can't approve
it obviously but you know it does come
with
so that you've been watching my scopes
since the very beginning thank you all
right
those are those are peaceful protesters
not Bob's well the ones I see look like
the the bad people are mixing in with
the good people Street babe
Trump's everyone else yeah all right
just looking at your comments and I
think I will talk to you tomorrow