bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum hey everybody it's the weekend
and not only is it the weekend but it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams today
is a very special coffee with Scott
Adams I didn't mention it on my title
but there will be a whiteboard talk oh
yes there will be I changed your life
you're welcome
I'm glad I glad I can help grab your
coffee grab your Debra your beverage
Debra feather fabric beverage okay and
get ready for the simultaneous it go so
I'd like to summarize the president's
trip to the UK and it goes like this
who cares once again the world got all
worked up about well yeah nothing except
a good show and I would say that nothing
really happened in Great Britain of any
importance we talked about how he he may
have said some things that Teresa may
didn't like but then he complimented her
in public
they seemed like they were getting along
special relationship stays intact let's
talk about Russia
we saw the details finally of Muller's
indictment of the X number of Russians
and if you didn't read the actual the
actual indictment is that what it's
called the document that describes all
of their bad alleged bad deeds it's
actually good reading I thought it would
be all legalese but it's not it's
written in pretty plain English and it
was fascinating to get
get a look at them now there are a few
issues with that number one issue is
that I don't see any evidence all right
there's an indictment that says Russian
guy number one did XYZ but we can see
you know we the public can see the
evidence and presumably there's some
secret means that they have of deducing
who exactly was behind what now it could
be that it's not direct evidence so much
as well we know the people who were
behind their cyber operations and we saw
some stuff that looked definitely
Russian so it must have been those guys
and so they connect the dots but we're
in a world where you really can't take
that stuff as credible now I think
Muller and whoever wrote the report
probably you know serious professionals
who know what they're doing but we're
just not in a world where anything like
that is believable anymore
so it's not really a comment on the
people who put together that document
and the allegations against the Russians
nothing but you know I've got nothing to
say about those specific people but
we're just in the world where you can't
frickin believe anything you just can't
believe anything you can't believe a
picture you can't believe a document you
can't believe a you know a professional
you just can't believe anything that
said it was still very persuasive
because of the details and you know the
the official-looking nature of it it
looked very professional now if you can
think back you may remember me saying
some things about the alleged hacker
back I don't know how many months ago
when it was gusoff er I think that's how
you pronounce it and guseva or 2.0 and
the news was that guseva 2.0 was a
Russian agent and he had been discovered
as the hacker and I said
well that doesn't sound right if there
was just something about that story this
sounded wrong it's like really gusoff er
he's he's such a good hacker and he's
part of these Russians who are so good
at hacking and that he leaves a path you
know he leaves an actual trail right to
himself and then he's hanging around the
house when he gets arrested and I
thought ah this doesn't quite add up
there must be something I don't know and
in the in the document I was talking
about I guess it's the indictment I
think that's the right name for it it
says that goose fur was a fake but he
was Russia's fake so apparently
according to the allegations when when
we were on to Russia and in other words
when when our intelligence people
figured out that Russia was behind the
hacking allegedly that Russia allegedly
framed this gusoff er character to make
it look like it was a lone actor working
out of Romania so I'll give myself
partial credit
partial credit that gusoff er wasn't
real so I sniffed that out on day ones
like because the fur or that doesn't
sound real but he was probably not real
for a different reason than I imagined
so he wasn't real but he might have been
a Russian invention and not so much a
u.s. invention if you will but again at
this point you can't rule out anything
there's nothing you could rule out now
correct me if I'm wrong but if the
allegations about the Russian hacking
are correct doesn't that mean that the
seth rich was not involved
I guess so confused with which Russians
and which hacking in which server but
that's the case right the seth rich
story is completely debunked correct
if I'm wrong if it's true that these
allegations are accurate is that right
and I could be totally wrong about that
because I'm I get so twisted up with all
of the somebody's wrong possibly
possibly now I'm saying if
hypothetically the allegations about the
Russians are completely accurate that
would take seth rich out of the story
now if somebody else is saying seth rich
was definitely involved i don't believe
there's any evidence of that
the songs disagrees well let's see what
the psalm says is he is Assange cut off
from the world at this point
now it's entirely possible that
WikiLeaks might have just wanted to hide
the source of their information so he
you know he may have he may have created
a false path there I was looking at my
Twitter followers the other day and I
noticed that Kim calm follows me on on
Twitter so I tell you the world the
world got really small for me I'd never
looked at my Twitter feed to see which
verified users are following me and I
just two days ago I guess I did it for
the first time and I'm looking through
the list of like Roseanne follows me oh
my god and and kim.com follows me and
the weirdest one was Alicia Keys follows
me on Twitter and at first I said you
know 30 and I thought it was 30,000
users and I thought oh that's not that's
not the actual Alicia Keys the you know
hugely talented singer superstar because
a superstar is going to have more than
30,000 followers and I think I mentioned
it to Christina and she goes that's 30 M
30 million followers
so Alicia Keys has 30 million followers
and one of the people she follows
apparently as me but I still think it
must been a mistake
I can't imagine anybody in the music
business following me don't get a big
head
yeah I'm not because I don't think it
feels like it feels like a mistake but
that's all I wanted to talk about on
those two topics now let me talk about
the fun topic that I saved for the end
the people who really know Kanye does
not follow me let's talk about so Hawk
Newsom I'm sorry yeah
Hawk leader of black lives matter
Greater New York tweeted at me and at
the world the other day and said
essentially I'm paraphrasing that some
things need to be said that's the
important thing
some things need to be said so there's
some things that it's not good enough
just to think some things need to be
said for example if you are in a
relationship you might love your partner
but it's important to say it the saying
it is a very important part it's not
enough they just didn't you're had you
yeah I totally love my partner why do I
need to say it you know she knows or he
knows right don't need to say it
so Hawk starts out with the premise some
things need to be said I'm on board so
far so far so far I'm on board
and then he said you know if essentially
if Trump supporters or Republicans are
not racist they should say so they
should actually in an affirmative way
say we're not racists and I thought okay
I'm in so i retweeted and said in
unambiguous term
that I oppose racism in all its forms
and although I acknowledge in the tweet
I acknowledge that we might disagree on
how to get there you know the policies
might be a disagreement but I you know I
buy into the theory I reject racism in
all its form and that would include
racism against every group you know not
just specific groups and I in my tweet I
asked people to retweet it if they agree
now it seemed to me and this was my
blind spot I had a little blind spot
here it seemed to me the Republicans
would see that and say oh for the the
high cost of hitting a couple of keys to
retweet it I mean literally you could
hit one key and retweet it for the tiny
tiny small cost of just retweeting you
could actually help reshape the brand of
Republicans what do you think happened
yeah you're already seeing I'm you're
already seeing some of the pushback that
I'm going to talk about so it turns out
that the blind spot I had goes to a very
distinct character personality
preference that seems to live mostly on
the right the people who are let's say
Republicans conservative Trump
supporters you know I'm lumping them all
together for now there there's a very
specific character trait that I probably
should have seen coming but I had a
blind spot for it and it goes like this
it's an and fact check beyond this see
if I'm wrong
if some things in the Constitution
Republicans say okay it's in the
Constitution if it's in the Bible okay
if it's a law okay it's a law or it's in
my fits my religion or if it's the
Constitution I'm in I'll do all those
things but if it's not
it's not whatever you're talking about
whatever the topic is if it's not in one
of those three things stay out of my
business don't ask me to say something
don't ask me to do something don't ask
me to do anything you don't rule what I
do you know you got three shots it's in
my religion my Constitution in my law if
it's not one of those three things get
out of my business
all right so when I quite interest least
innocently said hey you just retweet
this and you can help your brand quite a
few people you know lots of people
retweeted but quite a few people pushed
back card and they said essentially look
if I have to defend why I'm not a racist
I've already brought I've already sort
of accepted the frame that maybe I am
and I reject that
so I reject your premise that I need to
explain it I reject your premise that
there is any question about it I reject
your premise that you even asked this
question so get out of here with your
retweets alright so I'm seeing a lot of
people agreeing with me so I feel like I
have characterized that point of view
accurately that you know don't make me
do something that puts me in this
defensive mode of saying I'm not a
racist because it just makes you sound
like you are one and by the way what
business is it of mine to ask you to say
anything it's not in the law it's not
the Constitution it's not in your
religion stay out of my business all
right
so if I if I characterized that
correctly I would like to go to my next
point
and then I'm going to take you to the
whiteboard the people who add that point
of view I believe I understand it
because I've just you know fed it back
to you it is part of what I call a loser
philosophy or a loser strategy would be
a better way to do it now now at the
same time I'm going to agree that that
pushback is perfectly acceptable
perfectly acceptable the reasons for it
are well thought out and and they they
fit a philosophy they fit a way of life
they're consistent with things so I say
that's pretty good well let me let me
give you a different look at it I asked
people there's a lot of stuff on my
board here so I'll get to all of it I
ask people to think about the brand
think about the Republican brand let me
spell correctly brand all right a brand
is a powerful thing you know everybody
who is a member of a group has a brand
people have a brand and the power of
your brand can have a lot of impact on
your life so the a lot of conservatives
say something like this as long as
everybody's playing by the same rules
I'm done like we don't we all have the
same Constitution the same laws same God
you know most people would think so
their inner dialogue the thing that's
inside their head is perfect that's like
yeah okay I want everything to be even I
want a world where everybody has the
same opportunity I want everybody to be
able to do well I want I want good
things to happen for the world but
that's just inside my head the outer
dialogue the thing that you present to
other people in many cases is some
version of don't tell me what I need to
say don't don't tell me what I need to
defend just stay out of my business
you know I'm not even gonna address your
tweet like I I'm not you can't make me
do something I'm not going to be I'm not
gonna be signaling my awesomeness I'm
not going to act like a liberal where I
have to you know signal how virtuous I
am by saying things that somebody wants
me to say alright I'm not going to be
that guy so your inner dialogue is
perfect it's virtuous it's useful it's
as
it has utility it's perfect but the
outer dialogue which says don't tell me
what to say has this flaw it's a liar
pattern do you know what a liar pattern
is goes like this if I say Bob did you
rob that convenience store and Bob says
what evidence do you have
that's a liar pattern because innocent
people say what the hell are you talking
about I know what I did not rob a store
what are you talking about okay that's
what an honest person says a liar
pattern is did you rob the store I don't
need to talk to you I don't need to talk
to you no I'm asking you did you rob the
store look if you have to ask me if I
rob the store forget it I'm not even
going to talk to you I'm insulted by the
question you can be completely honest
you could be completely innocent but
you're talking in a liar pattern you're
talking the way Liars talk all right now
that's not intentional all you're doing
is telling you real feelings your real
feelings are leave me alone I don't need
to ask you a question
I don't need to signal my virtue you
know I don't need to I don't need to be
part of this don't tell me what to do
right so as long as you do that you can
be I would say that that opinion is fine
I don't have any problem with that
opinion but be aware that that's your
external face and if your external face
is a liar pattern then you have pissed
all over your brand so if your brand is
Republican your brand is conservative
Trump supporter or whatever and you're
not willing to just say of course I'm
opposed to racism if you're not willing
to do that small thing and act like an
honest person and again I'm saying
act like conservatives tend to be very
honest people
in my you know my experience so I'm
saying that you need to it's not good
enough in the real world to be honest
it's not good enough in the real world
to not be a racist in the same way that
it's not good enough to be in love with
your spouse and refused to say it why
won't you say you're in love I don't
have to say that every day all right if
you say to your spouse do you love me
and your spouse says you know the answer
does that sound like love that sounds
like someone who doesn't want to say
that they love because it's a wire
pattern
here's if somebody says do you love me
you say yes I love you with all my heart
more than ever
that sounds honest even if it isn't it
might be dishonest but it sounds honest
so if you're gonna manage your brand you
have to act in a way that's good for the
brand all right let me extend this point
there is a pattern in life that Hawk
understands and a lot of a lot of leader
to understand that many of the people
who are pushing back on this idea of
retweeting your your disavowal of racism
a lot of people maybe don't understand
this concept and it goes like this that
if you want to get to the greater good
there might be some persuasion involved
because people don't just go to the
greater good on their own
somebody needs to be persuading in the
right direction in order to be
persuasive you have to have an open
channel of communication you know an
unfettered communication have you
noticed that Hawk and I have that use
you see him tweeting to me a tweet TM
we've talked on the phone a number of
times we DM now and then
so Hawk and I have an open channel so so
far we both want a greater good which
would be fairly similar I think you
would disagree but I think you'd
they're actually pretty similar we'd
both like to persuade to it and we've
opened a channel but you can't get a
channel open and there's no such thing
as communication unless there's trust
the only way to build a trust is through
actions because people don't really
develop much trust based on words you
have to actually do something right so
if you get this line right you're in a
good good place if you do some actions
let's say a favor for somebody let's say
you just offer a favor to somebody you
just do something for them that has
nothing there's no direct benefit to you
if you do somebody a favor they say oh
this person actually has my interests in
mind I trust them at that point anything
you say to that person will sound more
believable and more credible because
you'll say oh this is a person who does
favors for me and ask nothing in return
I trust them if they say something I'm
gonna trust that too now your trusted
you can persuade toward a greater good
who uses this technique
let's take Japan for example Japan after
World War two surrendered and then said
okay we're going to play nice and we're
gonna work with you the United States
now did anybody ever surrender better
than Japan in terms of keeping their
word right when Japan surrendered they
totally surrendered and they actually
worked in Germany too they they worked
with the United States and the Allies
and what is the result of Japan actually
acting in a way that was good for them
and good for us the result was their
actions caused us to trust them they
become tremendous allies we communicate
with them very well and together we can
we've reached a better place Wright
State Martin Luther King why is it that
people trusted him whether they were
black or white it wasn't because of his
good speeches it was because of what he
did
like he was so committed to the
nonviolent approach and the nine the
nonviolent approach is action you know
it's like you know don't fight back take
a punch if you need to you know the only
way we're going to get to this better
world is is if we can do something
that's good for both sides what was good
for white America at the time
non-violence so Martin Luther King
delivered something that white people
wanted which was non-violence it was it
allowed trust to be built it opened a
channel he became very persuasive things
are much better because he lived and
because he had that message who else did
that Jesus Jesus didn't just say you
should be good he literally according to
the Bible stories died for your sins
he didn't just he didn't just say be
good he died for it that's an action
action makes you trust right now open
channels a little different in the God
version but you get the point who else
uses this technique and no I'm now
saying the Trump is Jesus or Japan or
Martin Luther King all right I'm not
saying he is those things or to compare
I'm only talking about the technique so
he's similar to them and that you know
they they breathe oxygen he breathes
oxygen don't make too much of the the
comparison but Trump does things for his
base like keeping his promises he tries
to keep his promises and he's working
pretty hard at it for the people who
elected him the people who voted for him
they considered that an important thing
and then they trust him and then there's
this open channel he can say things that
his base accepts because because they
trust him and then he can persuade so
here's the thing getting back to this to
the tweet from Hawk Hawk offered an
opportunity for conservatives who have
at the moment a terrible brand what's
the worst your brand could be ask Papa
John what's the worst thing that can
happen
to your brand you would be called a
racist Papa John is having that problem
because their founder John actually said
the n-word on a call apparently I have
trouble wrapping my head around that how
that ever happened but apparently
something like that happened so if your
brand is racist that's as bad as it gets
Republicans have that brand problem Hawk
offered up the simplest way to you know
help and on not enough fix away but at
least moving in the right direction
he offered away just just say in public
on Twitter will take you as long as it
takes to hit retweet just say you
disavow racism because just like talking
to your spouse when you say I love you
the same makes a difference now no you
don't have to say you don't have to do
anything the hawk wants you to do you
don't have to do anything that anybody
wants you to do it's not in the
Constitution it's not in the law it's
not your religion but if you want to
keep a racist brand and be part of that
then just keep doing what you're doing
because that's how you get that nobody's
telling you to do anything different I'm
just saying that if the outcome you want
is to be seen as a racist just keep
doing what you're doing
because that's what God is here and that
would that's how you would stay there
Hawk said look it's easy just retweet
this say you're not one and that will be
one step toward a better brand in
essence you saying that because that
would be action action would build trust
it would open up the communication
channel and then there's a chance to
persuade toward a common good now so
those of you who said I would rather
keep true to my internal dialogue within
myself I don't want to be told what to
do I don't want to even be part of the
conversation that somebody would say out
I would even maybe be in a racist that's
great you have great internal integrity
but your internal integrity will get you
what you already have
which is to be labeled a racist if you
want to live in a world or half the
world thinks you're a racist that would
be the way to do it so in summary I I
will not tell anybody or suggest that
they should I will not suggest that
anybody should do what I suggest I'm
just telling you what happens if you do
a and what happens if you do B then you
can choose choose a or b you can choose
to act in a way that others will see as
racist even if they're wrong and you may
have some internal integrity for that
you might feel more freedom for that you
might feel you're not part of the social
justice warriors and the virtue or
signalers and that may be so important
to you that you want to you want to be
true to that but if you want a very easy
way to improve your brand Hawk was nice
enough to offer it but most people did
not take it look at the number of people
who are just saying this is so wrong and
but you'll notice let let me let me
challenge you now to put in one sentence
because most most objections can be put
in one sentence even if you don't have
any details say in one sentence why you
would disagree about anything I just
said
somebody's saying so far all I see is
people agree with me yeah so all of you
who believe you're disagreeing all I see
is agreement the analogies are used to
explain a concept in this case the
concept was the concept was there are
some ik some situations we're saying it
is important you know I'm not saying
that racism is like being married I'm
saying that there are some situations
and racism is one of them and being
married is another one in both cases
it's important to say it asking if this
applies to non-white Republicans yes
because in this context racism is
against anybody so it would be it would
help your brand to say it too defensive
yeah so a lot of folks are saying that
it's too defensive so let me let me
bring this back to another topic do you
remember when I talked about ego if you
believe that ego is who you are you're
in a a loser strategy if you believe
that ego is a tool that can be
manipulated up or down you can raise
your ego - let's say play a play a
competition because it's good to be
confident and you can lower your ego in
any situation where it might get in to
get you in trouble if you're using it
that way you're using it as a tool so if
you say to yourself I will not be
manipulated you know I will not be
thought of this way that is coming from
ego and you and your sort of defining
yourself as a certain person and I'm not
going to give up that freedom and I'm
not going to admit what somebody else
wants me to say even though it's true so
if you're acting n of ego
you'll end up being branded a racist
racist but your ego might feel great if
you see your ego as something that's a
tool you can say to yourself and this is
essentially what I said I don't work for
hawk he's not my boss I don't need to
say anything
that's virtue or signalling I have no no
need for that
you know but it's a perfectly a
functional thing to do to improve the
brand so if you put your ego aside you
can just say well do I want to have a
better brand or a worse brand okay I'll
just retweet this Boop
it has nothing to do with me none of
this has to do with something about me
I'm just helping the brand right so
those of you who disagree with us
somebody's saying now I'm a racist
because I didn't retweet no how many
times have you seen somebody have to
make up a whole opinion that I don't
have just to disagree with it so you're
seeing it now when I when I trigger
somebody into cognitive dissonance the
first thing they'll do is to imagine I
said something completely different and
then argue against it so you saw that
happen right here
in real-time so somebody said saying to
me just in the comments they said oh so
now you're saying if I don't retweet I'm
racist no I didn't say that in fact I
said pretty much the opposite of that
I said you're probably not a racist but
you might look like one if you do this
and you will not look like one if you do
this and it's your choice you could do
either the one that makes you look like
a racist or the one that makes you not
look like a racist so if you said my
gosh I'm a racist because I don't tweet
that no nobody said anything like that
we're only talking about how you were
you're presenting yourself to the world
and I would say that not retweeting
doesn't really
anything about you but if if let's say a
million people hadn't retweeted this
bear with me here for a moment so I
think several hundred people retweeted
my tweet disavowing racism suppose it
had been a million just little mental
experiment here suppose a million people
retweeted that and there were
Republicans saying I'm not a racist
and then black lives matter looks at
that and sees a million retweets a
million what would they think well it
wouldn't completely change their minds
but it would be one point against their
their preconceived notion that
Republicans are racist it would be hard
to see a million retweets and say oh
well it seems that there are an awful
lot of Republicans who are willing to
say in public I'm not a racist I didn't
see that coming
what happened instead I have a quarter
of a million followers and four hundred
people retweeted it now people had their
own reasons they don't all see every
tweet and everything else but I would
say if you were Hawk and you were
looking at this what would be your
interpretation if your hawk and you look
at how many people retweeted 400 or so
and of a quarter million mostly
Republicans following my my Twitter feed
what would be your what would be your
impression of that your impression would
be well it looks like my my assumption
was correct now a lot of you probably
the ones who are still angry are still
getting caught up on the issue of
whether you need to do with other people
tell you to do you don't need to do
anything I am a hundred percent on your
side if you just want to say screw that
I'm not I'm not virtue or signaling I am
on your side
it's just that what you get will be a
and all right but a liar could easily
retweet yeah you know there's an
interesting study by a Chiellini
he did this study that is so revealing
where he had people randomly write a
paragraph or that he wrote about this
study and they asked people to write a
paragraph supporting the opposite of
their actual opinion so it'd be a
political opinion let's say but they'd
be asked okay write the opposite of your
opinion then they'd check back with him
in a year and the people who had wrote
it had written the opposite of their
actual opinion many of them and the
shocking number had actually changed to
the opposite of their opinion so stating
things in public makes you become that
thing not everybody not every time but
it's a very pronounced effect so the
fact is if a million Republicans had
said in public know I'm not a racist it
would actually make them operate
differently even if they were lying so
even if they were lying the very fact
that they proclaimed not being racist in
public would make them less racist so
there's there's a huge functional useful
element to this that may not be obvious
on the surface
I'm actually a chump supporting Democrat
somebody said slippery slope theory
they'll just keep asking for more
you know same thing in a relationship do
you know that if you tell your spouse
you love them they might ask again
because it's the first thing Hawks that
some things need to be said so your if
you if you put the if you put your
verbal affirmations of where you stand
in a slippery slope category you're
completely missing the value of saying
things how many times do we set how many
times if you heard people say you know
let's be nice or let's do the right
thing you can't say that stuff too many
times there is no such thing as saying
I'm not a racist too many times did I
say that right you can't say it too many
times
you can't say I love you too many times
you can't say I'd like to be fair too
many times you can't say I want what's
right too many times you can't say I
like capitalism too many times you can't
say you know demerant democracy is
better than dictatorships too many times
you can't say socialism pure socialism
doesn't work too many times there are a
lot of things you can't say too many
times so when you say a slippery slope
I'm worried about the slippery slope if
yeah you know that that would be like
saying to your spouse sure you know I'll
say I love you but don't ask me to you
know dig a hole to China because it's a
slippery slope it doesn't really work
that way there's some things that need
to be said and they need to be set off
them and that's how you get to a better
place all right too much about that you
know but nobody likes nobody likes my
analogy of the the marriage to racism
but let me tell you analogies are not
meant to be persuasive because they
don't have that quality
so you shouldn't you shouldn't say it
because you say in in in a marriage I'm
simply making the very independent point
which you can evaluate as the point that
some things are better said and said
often let let me just let me just ask
you this question do you agree with the
general point that there's some things
which must be said to make them real in
other words would you agree that saying
it in some cases no matter what the
cases are do you agree that's saying it
matters politics isn't marriage right
but that's why that's why isolated the
point the point is there are some things
that are better if you said I've said
that there are there many examples of
that I gave you many examples marriage
was just one of them but is it better to
positively affirm that you're not a
racist
all right somebody says I think your
love for Hawke blinds you well I would
say that there's a there is a level of
affection there that is both useful and
I think something you know of value
what's the word that's the opposite of
racist yeah unfortunately there's no
there's no good word that's the opposite
if there were I would be suggesting that
you use that of course but when there is
no word it's like there's no word that's
the opposite of collusion sometimes you
can't get end of the trap of the word is
problematic
yeah actions matter and actions in this
case mean tweeting or saying it out loud
alright that's enough for now I'm not
trying to change anybody's mind I'm just
telling you what you get if you take the
path you're on that's all and then you
can you can choose and I'll talk to you
all later