back in the stock market and uh it's not
looking Sensational but it's
early the good news is oh what a show
you're going to have today wow you're so
lucky that you're
here let's get those comments up from my
locals fans as well as the rest of
you come on there we go
[Music]
whoa hello come on let's fix that that's
better good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and wow are you lucky to be
here but if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that no one can
even understand with their tiny sh human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
M or a glass a tanker Chell or a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the imperal
pleasure of the dopamine here the day
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous hip and it
happens now
go
oh ctas
well I'm trying to uh develop a new
thing um a useful
commercial so if you're on X you've
already seen it I'll put this on the
locals platform probably today but let
me show you what's happening over on X
you see there in the middle uh I've got
a little video up on how I currently
draw the Dilbert
comic um you see this device behind me
this big old it's called a Wacom is the
company it's a
cintiq but I don't use that at the
moment because it's not portable and
I'll show you the little portable device
if you watch the video it's on X it will
be on locals later it's right at the top
of my feed it's easy to watch and I'll
tell you how cartoons are made in the
current the current
time you might be interested all right
so uh the reason I call that a new
invention is I'm simply trying to figure
out something you would enjoy seeing
that you would just naturally be
interested in and then at the end I tell
you you can buy the Dilbert 2025
calendar and uh and it's there at the
end anyway the Dilbert 2025 calendar is
available for pre-sale and only at the
link you can find at dilbert.com it's
not going to be on Amazon so don't wait
for it the only place you can get it get
it now anyway here are a few news
stories and we'll get into all the
politics there's more another study that
exercise boosts your brain function can
we all just
agree that the science is so un you know
so unambiguous at this point that
exercise makes you
smarter there's just no doubt about it
keeps you keeps your brain working keeps
you happier uh makes you better in your
relationships makes you better at your
work makes you better in every
way and it does seem to me that uh
if if we could solve the problem of just
getting people to get up and walk around
it would be such a different world and I
hate the fact that Trump is the worst
person to do that because he's not he's
not a model of physical fitness but I
still think he could do it you know he
could just encourage people to literally
stand up and go for a walk after
dinner um it would be amazing if people
just did it for patrio reasons I mean I
think you should actually
literally consider exercising for
patriotic reasons it's the only way
you're going to keep the country healthy
especially with our bad food
supply anyway here's another the garden
the guardian has a story about how you
can use your physical senses to beat
depression so not only does just
ordinary exercise work there's another
story that I didn't write down but
there's a story that going on
vacation um is good for you it actually
ages you backwards so the the relaxation
and the extra activity and the extra
mental stimulation you get from a
vacation apparently is super healthy for
you so do you see the pattern exercise
of any kind is super healthy going on
vacation being physical interacting with
the real world is super healthy we've
already talked about how uh completing
tasks like small chores makes people
happy because we we get the sense of
physicality plus completion two things
that are just absolutely necessary for
good mental health and here's another
one that agrees with things I've told
you before that you can shake yourself
out of your sadness and depression by
putting your concentration into your
physical
senses so your in your intuition if
you're in a bad mode is to you know curl
up under a blanket and reduce all of
your external inputs and just you know
sit there sadly in a corner that's the
opposite of what you should be doing if
you look at all the other science I just
mentioned the things that make you
healthy are interacting with the world
touching feeling hearing smelling
tasting yeah you got to you got to load
a bunch of inputs into your head and
that will just set you right now I do
that
automatically uh I didn't didn't realize
it was so backed by science but every
single day I've told you this before but
now I'm going to pull it together with
all these scientific
studies the thing I do after I get ready
after I do the live stream is I take my
dog to the park and it's not a normal
Park it's just a really well designed
park with just the right paths and trees
and grass and I used to bring my
headphones you know maybe listen to some
more news or something while I was there
but I found that if I don't do anything
and I just feel the breeze feel the sun
on my body look at the
trees look at my dog and just feel it it
puts me in a completely good mood that
lasts all day now it is so direct and so
obvious and so physical that I can feel
the difference within 60 seconds and
it's dramatic if you do it every day
you'll get hooked on it so I like the uh
Andrew huberman advice get a little Sun
early in the morning you know before I
think before 10:00 a.m. he says I do my
hubman breathing again that's a physical
thing I'm interacting with the air in
the world doing the breathing two
inhales through the nose one long exhale
through the the mouth I work on my
posture I pet my dog and I have a
completely physical
experience that's all easy you know none
of it takes any any effort and it's
completely different but I'm going to
add one thing to the mix you've heard
about grounding where you stand bare
foot on the ground down doors and
allegedly it corrects your I don't know
the electricity in your body or
something um I've discovered that if I
simply put my bare hand against a tree
trunk and just lean on
it I feel
extraordinary and and I'd love to see if
you could test it out and I don't know
if I'm
grounding because maybe I don't know do
you get grounding if you touch a tree
with your hand I don't know what it is
but I literally just take my bare hand I
just put it on a nice tree trunk that's
not too you know gnarly and I just lean
on it and I don't want to leave try it
just just try it as an experiment and
tell me then tell me if it if it touches
you just put your hand on a tree and see
how much you don't want to take it off
cuz you're going to feel immediately
better it's the weirdest
thing you see in the comments a lot of
people are saying yes to this like
you've actually experienced that so
summary if your brain is not where you
want it if you're too worried anxious or
depressed get out of your head I I've
taught you to use the phrase get out
literally say get out get out get out
that's how you tell you to get out of
your your repetitive thoughts your bad
thought process just say get out get out
get out it works happens instantly I do
it all the time and I've heard a bunch
of people who do it as well and then go
do something physical something easy and
physical to give you new inputs it'll
set you right it's the best advice
you'll get all day all right let's get
into all that political stuff so the VP
debate is
tonight um I plan to live stream this
for my locals people so I'll only be for
the subscribers tonight but that's going
to be fun uh there's a report that Tim
wals is uh panicked because he doesn't
think he's a good debater and he's
worried that Vance is so good and he's
going look so bad and he's going to
embarrass KLA let down the country do
you believe any of that I
don't now do you think he's nervous
about the debate of course the it
wouldn't really be POS possible to have
this situation and not be nervous about
it of course but is he extra extra
nervous I don't know I mean he's a
governor I feel like he knows how to do
this stuff so I think the reports of
wals being panicked about the debate are
probably fake and it's probably for the
point of making you lower your
expectations about him but apparently
Vance is going to be trying to paint him
as an
extremist uh so that'll be his game I
assume that wal will try to paint a
Vance as well an extremist so basically
the two of them will try to paint the
other as extremists I
guess but here's my take let's see if
you compare these two people as
Debaters you've got uh Vance is clearly
smarter I think everybody would agree
clearly smarter so is SM he's
younger he is better looking he has much
better hair he has a more impressive
military
experience uh so it really shouldn't be
close yeah if if you were going to just
uh handicap this in advance you would
say I don't think this is going to be
close it looks like it's going to be a
slam dunk but if you've watched debates
before what can we say with
certainty here's what we could say with
certainty let's say Vance starts talking
and it's brilliant like he let's just
imagine the Vance comes out with almost
a a kenned esque you know sweeping
soaring narrative that erases every
concern you've ever had and puts you on
the track to a better America that's
healthier and smarter and more
productive and you just feel great about
it and meanwhile wal goes out and he
wets his pants and he he has a stroke
and he falls on stage and
go what would
happen you know what would happen MSNBC
would say finally wal shows us what a
real man is like they'd say he's
redefined
masculinity because before it did not
involve rolling around on your back and
wetting your pants and looking like you
had a stroke but now that is redefined
masculinity and we should all embrace it
and by the way look at that Vance guy
acting like a white supremacist with his
showing up on time and all that stuff
yeah it's not really going to matter
what they do now I have heard that there
have been cases in the past where the VP
debate Chang the election it might be
one of those I think I'd bet against it
so I'd say 7030 it won't move the needle
but there's a good solid 30% chance that
something interesting will happen I
think
so well one of the things that wals will
have working against him is I understand
there's no crowd right there won't be a
audience uh my take on wals is that he's
an audience energy
guy so I think he needs the interaction
with the audience and then you know they
give him energy he gives them energy
back and they create this energy monster
thing but if you take the audience away
you're focusing just on
walls and I've never even seen
that uh I guess one interview there's
one interview with Dana Bash but
otherwise you mostly see wals
interacting with people and happy and
shaking hands and doing things that are
really don't take too much intellectual
capacity so if you put him in a quiet
room with the smartest guy in
politics he's not going to look good
unless he's got some kind of magic
preparation we don't know about anyway
the crowd energy is going to be a big
problem for wals the lack of it um the
other thing is I'm I'm going to borrow
something from something a prominent
Democrat once told me privately about a
completely different
politician and I laughed when I heard it
it was and I'm not I'm not going to tell
you who told me I'm not going to tell
you which politician he was talking
about this was a completely different
situation he said what are the what is
the public going to think about so and
so with his ambiguous
sexuality ambiguous
sexuality
now if you've watched me enough you know
that I don't care about anybody's
sexuality I'm Pro
lgbtq adults do what you want to do you
know I'm not your boss if whatever it is
that you want to do it's fine with me
and it's not up to me more importantly
more importantly it doesn't need to be
fine with me I want to live in the
country where it doesn't need to be fine
with me what you do because I don't want
it to be fine with you what I do how
about we just let each other live so
that's my take on all this stuff I just
I'm aggressively lacking an opinion on
what other people do with their private
lives as long as it's legal and doesn't
block my
driveway that said it is true that such
things will affect uh other voters and
uh I'm just going to say it that
uh that uh wals has what I would call a
flamboyant and ambiguous sexual
Vibe now I'm not accusing him of
anything I'm just saying that the way I
experience him as an observer is there's
something ambiguous about that now if
he's gay I don't
care I don't even care I'll even go
further if somebody pretends to be one
thing but they're really something else
I don't call that a hypocrite if it's
sexual because I think that everybody
has the right to lie about their sexual
preferences now I I may be completely
alone about that but if you're sexual
preference is something you think people
won't like lie go ahead lie just say
nope I do not like whatever that is you
think I like so lie all you want and if
I find out lady you lied I'd say oh good
job you you kept my nosy nose out of
your business with that little harmless
lie about your sexual preferences good
good for you CU that was none of my
business lie to me all day long about
your sexual past please please lie to me
I I literally don't want to know so if
you can lie to me and make it go away
whatever it is it makes you feel better
lie lie you know go at it so that's the
one category your sexual life I don't
care if you're a politician or anybody
else lie all you want I don't
care um I'm not saying he's lying I'm
saying it wouldn't matter if he
was but he does have a Vibe and you see
it online and people are picking up some
kind of a weirdness Vibe we don't know
what it is and then of course there's
the stories that wal has these China
connections that uh there's a story that
says even the Department of Homeland
Security was concerned before he was
even selected as P Choice uh allegedly
they had been concerned about his China
ties and he wanted to know more about
that uh will do you think Vance will
take advantage of the China
connection I feel like he
might feel like he might do you think
wals will go after Vance for his their
eating the cats and dogs
comments um or for his cat lady
comments he might because those have
been seemingly successful attacks in the
past at least in getting attention
successful and I think the
advance is probably ready for that and
I've told you before that the the the
way to handle that is to admit the
Democrats are better at cat related
rhetoric you know what I think I think
the Trump Administration would do better
on the border the economy and staying on
of wars and according to polls the
public agrees but if if I have to admit
it I'm going to Democrats are better at
talking about cat related
topics and if that's what's important to
you and not the open border the economy
and getting into World War II if you
prefer to really focus on the cat
related rhetoric honestly the Democrats
are going to be better at it
so the the opening is there to just
totally mock the biggest attacks against
him we'll see if he does that
um there was a story related to this
uh that apparently uh Vance was in a
grocery store doing a some campaign
related video and talking with his young
Sons about eggs and he uh made this
statement obvious hyperbole he said
because his son picked up some eggs he
says yes buddy you want some eggs let's
talk about eggs as he was talking to the
camera because these guys actually eat
about 14 eggs every single morning is
that
right
now you probably know that little
children do not eat approximately 14
eggs a
day now those of you who have uh have
experience with
words and
sentences and
language and talking talking if you've
had any experience with those domains
you would know that this is obvious
exaggeration to be you know just funny
and
interesting however if you work for
MSNBC like Stephanie rule you might do
some factchecking so she did hm 14 eggs
per day 98 eggs per week two children no
this can't be right that's right MSNBC
host fact checked him on the 14 eggs a
day that the toddler
eats yep that happened
well
um here's something you didn't know
about um I was looking at some expert
talking about the polling industry and
you know in the past the polls have uh
2016 famously underestimated Trump's
support and so of course pollsters
scrambled to fix that and their problems
about who answers the phone and do you
have the right number of likely voters
versus just um
citizens so it seems like it'd be simple
who are you going to vote for but it
turns out that the assumptions you make
and who you ask can determine the answer
so is it about the people's responses is
that telling you something or is it just
how they designed the questions and
designed the
poll and some sometimes it's about how
they designed the poll it's not about
the answers the answers were sort of
driven by the way they designed the
poll so we're being warned that uh that
the pollsters have learned from the past
and you should not assume this time you
should not assume that the Trump
supporters are under represented and
that there'll be some surprise this time
we're told that they have made
Corrections for all these things they've
corrected
yeah
um and uh so there different factors
such as the party registration past
voting history things like that so
basically how many people do you
consider to be Republicans so that you
you wait the numbers accurately are you
looking at likely voters or people who
just have voted in the past so there's a
whole bunch of assumptions you can make
that changes it but here's what I'm
going to add to it I think there's
something
new that the pollsters don't have right
this time the new thing is that we've
learned we the voters have learned
something that's important to the
process and in 2016 I think the shy
Trump voters were just trying to not get
caught as a voter that seems less
important now I think people are far
more likely to say you know what I'm I'm
a trump supporter deal with it so that
part has changed I think people are
going to be less hiding than they had
been in
2016 however
losing
2020 left quite a deep scar with uh
Trump's
supporters and part of that scar I think
um and related to it is the idea
that they might want to lie to the
pollsters and just about every
Republican has heard the idea that you
should lie to the pollsters so that
they're
surprised I think that the prank element
in other words it's sort of a prank to
lie to the pollsters I think Republicans
are
pranksters far more than the left you
know the the left may be dirty
tricksters and clever in their own way
but there's something about
conservatives they like a good
prank but not every kind of prank you
know not necessarily just like stupid
silly stuff but what would be a better
prank than living in a totally corrupt
system
and then lying to the
pollsters who you think are part of the
corrupt system and then winning on
Election Day because you used your own
corruption you lied you lied to the
pollsters so you use your own
corruption to cancel out their
corruption so they wouldn't know how
much to
cheat so I think that that uh you could
stop any Trump supporter in the street
and ask him the following question if a
post called you would you tell them the
truth just just play that in your head
you're walking down the street anywhere
in any part of the country you find a
trump supporter you say hey got a second
if a pollster called you would you tell
them the
truth you know what they're going to
say not every one of them but it doesn't
have to be everyone it just has to be
enough to change the
result I
feel that this will be a bigger surprise
than the quote uh hidden Trump
supporters in 2016 I think that 2020 was
a shock to the system I also think the
fact that Trump has so many more male um
supporters is a real big hint that the
prank is on what do men do that women
don't do nearly as much not even close
pranks yeah men do pranks men love this
stuff women maybe sometimes but not so
much the fact that you're seeing major
male support that's just overwhelming I
mean it's just a big difference suggests
that men have been activated I believe
that there's a
self-defense Instinct that's a little
different in women than men both have
self defense instincts of course but I
think that men when they get activated
they'll act in in a way that's
predictable and I think we seeing
there's something different about this
election people are talking about it
being the last election now they talk
about it on both sides as the last one
Republicans think if Democrats win it's
the last election Democrats think the
same thing if Trump wins so for
Republicans I think the risk of losing
appears existential and I actually think
it might be I think it might be I mean
not for sure but I think the risk of
America
just ceasing to exist in 10 years is
nonzero if a Democrat is elected now I
actually believe that I think the odds
are we'll survive but there's there's a
real risk and if you're a conservative
and especially if you're male and
somebody tells you okay this isn't an
election anymore This Is
War because it is this is a war for
survival it just happens to be at a
ballot box so when you tell men is war
we don't watch TV anymore you know how
the old thing about guys like to sit in
the couch and watch the game not when
it's
War every man stands up when a war
happens we can't we don't have a way to
turn that off we are biologically
trained that we we will off in any
situation that's doing well you put a
man in any situation where the general
situation is doing well we will just
 off we just want to play around
tell some jokes do some
pranks not work but when things go to
hell and they're legitimately going to
hell take a look at the video in the
flood zones in North Carolina do you see
all the women going through the chest
deep water to carry the elderly out on
their backs nope all
men it's not all men I'm exaggerating
there're plenty of women who are helping
of course but the video is pretty much
all men and men will run into dangerous
situations when they have to and they
will not worry about being um distracted
or lazy they will just focus and I think
that there's something about our current
time and situation that's not political
anymore it's
existential like the flood and when
you've got a flood that's that's
destroying the whole country whether
it's a flood of progressivism or a flood
of insanity When You Reach some point
and we are there folks we're there I
have just one message for the men in
America just two words it's everything
you need to know and I won't need to
tell you anything
else
men it's
time it's
time that's all you need
so uh let's talk about the flood um you
can't not talk about the politics of the
flood but uh let me say as unambiguously
as I
can what matters is the lives and the
livelihoods of the people were being
destroyed by this and apparently it's
far more massive than I think many of us
were expecting is way worse entire towns
are being washed away 40 people dead
some dead were found in trees
in
treeses they found dead bodies I don't
even know how that happens but uh so
it's horrible on a scale
that's
surprising and I'm not I I think some of
the reason that we don't register how
bad it is completely is that the
communication is so bad if everybody had
cell phone and cell pictures and the
videos were coming and I think we'd be
horrified at a whole different level
I think it's a little bit shut off from
civilization at the moment so we don't
see how bad it is but it's bad
and so but let's talk about the politics
because I can't ignore
it so Trump has um done his trumpy thing
where he he can read a room better than
anybody he acts faster he's a person of
action and he's making All the Right
Moves and it matters it matters the fact
that Biden's sitting on the beach and
saying well I don't want to go because
you know it'd be too disruptive at the
same time that Trump does go he has the
same level of Secret Service pretty big
entourage but he's right there in the
middle of it and he's saying what he can
do and he he's trying to uh work with uh
Elon Musk who had already committed his
starlink to help them with their
communication problem so Elon was
already in he was he was in the fight
Trump um talked to him and I think the
story is that you know Trump gets some
maybe some credit for getting a little
extra help but Elon was going to do it
anyway um but politically Trump is
spinning it as he's part of that process
and maybe I I don't know how much extra
he added to what musk was going to do
anyway but at least it's at least the
story is what we want to see we want to
see a leader go in we want to see him
give attention to it we want him to show
the empathy we want him to show the
capability we wanted to show him acting
quickly Making Connections getting
things done so whether or not Trump made
any difference whatsoever to what musk
was going to
do it sure looks like they're doing the
right things so on the the Optics of
it Trump is
100% 100% now he he started to gofund me
um
he's doing everything right he just did
everything right as a politician again I
don't think that what Trump did makes a
big difference to the actual recovery
but certainly in terms of leadership and
uh showing himself as a leader 100%
now this would have been a lot more
important for Trump if he had not
already been president but since we
already understand him as a president
when he goes and he acts very
presidential
uh it's really good to do it's un it's a
complete positive but it could have been
even more if we'd never seen him act
like a president but he's done it so so
we kind of expect it I I sometimes call
this the new CEO move it's the thing you
do before you even have started you know
and he's good at setting the initial
impression so if the impression that you
have when you go to vote is that Trump
was all over this flood and Biden was
was tardy even if that's not exactly
telling you anything useful maybe what
Biden is doing is providing all the
resources you would ever need that's all
you really need him to do going to the
beach probably makes no difference
whatsoever to the recovery but it looks
bad it looks bad and some of that
Badness wipes over to Harris as being
part of the
administration
so Trump
A++ there's nothing bad you can say
about it A++ the people loved that he
went there nobody said oh we would have
recovered so much faster except for your
disruption nope they just loved it and
they're not going to forget and let me
tell you if you think This only affects
the people who are flooded you missed
the story this is not just about the
people who are up to their waist and
water still this is about everybody
watching because your flood is coming
too
you need to know that the government is
going to be there and caring because
your flood is coming not necessarily a
flood but everybody's got something
coming so yeah this matters a lot uh
this could be one of the most
consequential events of the election not
just because it's going to slop into
October and so close to the election but
it's just such a stark contrast you you
can feel the difference in power and
Leadership and that just goes right to
people's core you know all the all the
policy
stuff yeah we just flush that stuff how
does it
feel right when the bear is running
after you one leader gets between you
and the bear and the other one runs away
you don't need to talk about
policy you the one who got between you
and the bear you're my
leader let's talk about My ATT I don't
care no you stood between me and the
bear that part I remember
Trump stands between you and the bear
consistently he took a bu bullet for you
he he's basically all in and risking
everything and I would argue so is his
pirate ship Elon Musk is risking a lot I
mean if if Trump loses I don't even know
if musk can stay in a jail at this point
because the Democrats are going to come
at him so
hard RFK Jr traded you know most of his
and his reputation and everything if he
doesn't make something happen as in
Trump gets elected and RFK Jr helps with
their food being all poisoned if he can
make that happen then he wins but you've
got a whole bunch of people who just bet
the entire
Farm they bet their whole lives the
Democrats are not betting their
lives the the the Republicans are
betting their
freedom Trump and musk might go to
 jail
or have their businesses ruined if they
don't win this is different it's very
different all
right um I Heard a
uh oh and then of course it has to be
said that uh you know Georgia and North
Carolina are two of the uh swing states
that will make the most
difference um and there's some
accusation that Trump lied when he said
that Governor Kemp of Georgia couldn't
get through to Biden but that wasn't
true he did get through I don't think
any of that's important I don't love it
when either the politicians say
something that's not true but probably
uh Trump had heard about that before
Kemp got through because it wasn't until
the end of the day he got through so I
don't think he lied I think maybe he
just didn't have an update on the
information here's something that I
think is a worthy fact check you know
those big numbers about the uh all those
criminals that were let in by the Biden
Administration it was some gigantic
number of active criminals that
allegedly were LED in the Border did you
know that ice clarified that that was a
cumulative 40-year number if you thought
that happened in four
years that wasn't exactly what happened
it was a 40-year cumulative number and
included people who are currently in
jail for largely something else
something happened in this country so
it's not nearly as bad as the Topline
number suggests but it's still so bad
and I would add this how many of the 40
year ago people are in that list now you
know when when immigration was
small you know you could take the first
20 years of it and it would kind of
equal what the last four years would be
wouldn't it I think something like that
so since it's so uh so heavily weighted
toward things that happened recently the
fact that it's 40 years cumulative
doesn't mean as
much as it would mean if the same amount
came in every year it is very less very
less than a 40-year cumulative in effect
even though it
is so somewhere in the middle of those
two extremes um but certainly there's no
doubt that a lot of criminal criminals
came in a lot of sex crime people came
in uh as you know the strike is on I
think it's on the long shoreman on the
uh east coast and the gulf uh which
affects a huge amount of the incoming
Goods coming into the country and ships
they're not going to be
unloaded
um
and so here's what we need to know so
you got 50,000 members of the
international long shoreman's
Association we don't know what the short
shoremen are doing
but the long shoreman are on
strike the short shoreman I think they
don't like a lot of
publicity so you never hear from them
but the long shoremen are on
strike and this would affect everything
from toys and fresh food Furniture
clothing household items and European
automobiles these would be all things
you don't
need you know it's funny how we're such
a consumer society that it just seems
obvious if you cut off a third of all of
our consumer goods coming into the
country that we would be crippled by it
but I don't see anything on this list I
can't live without oh there won't be any
toys okay fresh fruit well first of all
I'll probably give fresh fruit because
I'm in California but could you live
without fresh fruit yeah you you would
eat vegetables and Meat and Fish
you could live without fresh fruit uh
how about uh I mean you want to get your
vitamin C of
course uh if you couldn't get new
clothing for six months could you get by
could you do it do you think you could
get buy without new clothes yeah yeah
yeah okay household
items probably you need a new toaster
but it's going to take you four months
to get one who cares you don't have to
have toast
uh European automobiles oh no oh no I
can't get my European
automobiles I'm not sure I care too much
about any of
this I know I should be more worried and
maybe maybe there's some hidden you know
hidden thing where they're manufacturing
Goods that are not coming in that would
be more of a problem I
suppose but uh we'll see now the fact
that this strike is going to happen in
October we don't know how long it will
last we would expect the Biden
Administration to be totally blamed just
because it happens during their watch
even if they had nothing to do with
it um so this would be certainly leaning
in a hard way toward
Trump did you know that in
China uh some of the ports are fully
automated meaning that instead of long
shoremen there are a bunch of robot
trucks and and rigs working the the
dockyard and it's just people behind a
computer screen saying okay robot go
pick up that load bring it over here
yeah we are not a first world country I
hate to tell you but if you look at
South Korea or Japan or a lot of parts
of China they're a whole different level
of civilization than we are in America a
different level of
civilization all right I I think I'd
lost any sense of how far we were
falling behind it's kind of dangerous
territory right now we're going to have
to we're going to have to up our game in
America all right there are many claims
of voting irregularities in the past and
things that would affect the future my
take on all the uh allegations of voting
irregularity most of asked do with voter
roles and who's registered and you know
what happened in the past um I don't
know what's
true you you read some claims and if you
haven't seen the uh the the reply to the
claims about anybody saying who no those
claims are wrong and here's why you
looked at the wrong column or something
like that so I don't always hear the
other side but I'm going to tell you
what I
see because that's part of the story you
just what I'm exposed to now every
single day because people send me things
on x I see these claims so if you
haven't seen any of these this will seem
shocking to you but I tell you in
advance I don't know what's true they're
they're claims now they have they have
the feel of being true meaning they have
details they have sources and they can
point to you know public hearings so
there's a lot to them they're not made
up I just don't know if there's another
side that I haven't heard so I'm just
being as careful as I can to say I don't
have any conclusive proof of these
irregularities or even how important
they
are but here's what I'm hearing so Liz
Harrington U you probably know is on top
of a lot of these claims so some of the
things that she notes on X today and
again this is just today right these are
things you might have heard before but
they're bubbling up
today that uh F Fulton County deleted
all of its in-person votes all of their
mail and votes are missing their sha
files which I guess is important uh then
when they tried to recreate the results
during the recount because they had to
do a recount they were uh more than
177,000 votes short so they fabricated
over 20,000 votes with
duplicate uh and ballots from tabulators
that didn't exist now is all of that
completely true and in context and
there's nothing else you'd need to know
about it
well if it is completely true and
there's nothing else you need to know
about
it it certainly isn't true that we have
elections with any Integrity I mean this
is a a key County in a in a key
State Fulton that's Georgia right um
also Liz
Harrington uh noted today also an X that
uh there are two experts that testified
in Decalb Decalb am I saying that right
d e k lb decob decal I don't know it's a
county um so this is also a Georgia
issue uh said that the uh election
systems in Gwinett County Georgia uh
were remotely accessed from Belgrade
Serbia during the 2020
election and that similar things
happened in Colorado Michigan and other
states now do I know for
sure uh I'm being corrected that it's
decab all right silent
L uh I would like to protest the use of
Silent
vowels I believe all the silent vowels
should be removed from all of our words
and donated to countries where they
don't have enough vowels or consonants
we could call them consonants in this
case they don't have enough letters so
we should take away our silent ones and
donate them anyway if it's true that a
Serbian uh person accessed our voting
machines during the elections that would
seem very
distressing if on top of that the
separate separately there are reports
that most of the voting machines have
the password in plain text on the on the
machine so anybody could get in and make
anything and change anything they want
again I don't know the details of that
claim or if that's true I suspect not
all of these things are true
but I'm hearing them and I'm not hearing
the debunks but not hearing the debunk
doesn't mean the debunk doesn't exist so
I don't want to be a Democrat and say
that if I haven't heard of something it
doesn't exist that's not a thing all I
know is I haven't heard of the other I
haven't heard the other side doesn't
mean that doesn't
exist here's another one uh apparently
in uh Arizona 218,000 people uh who did
not
prove that their citizens are on the
voter
roles uh but don't worry don't worry I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking if 218,000 people in the
Arizona voter roles have not proven that
they're citizens and then they were to
vote and let's say some of them were not
citizens then that would be bad for the
election but don't worry people don't
worry there's a part I didn't tell you
it's all okay because the plan is that
after the election uh those people will
be contacted to make sure that their
votes were
valid after the
election after the election did I
mention that they'll find out if they
could have voted after the election now
do you think that whatever happens if
the some of those votes are challenged
do you think that our legal system would
rapidly get in there and correct it and
then they'd hold a new vote and they'
they'd adjust it and they recount it and
thank God we've got that process to
check them after the election now I kind
of assume there's not going to be enough
time don't you I feel like they're gonna
have to pick a winner long before
they've called 218,000 people and check
their
ID I feel like that's just a big gaping
hole in our
system and again I don't know if it's
true so for all the election claim
stories I'll say the same thing I don't
know if they're true I I don't even know
how to know but the the claims
exist um do you remember the story about
I think Jason from the all-in Pod hi
Jason you're probably watching um had
mentioned that January 6 was an
Insurrection not only because of the the
protesters many of whom were not many
but some were violent so there there's
two sort of related but separate claims
about January 6 one is that the actual
protesting was an Insurrection but
that's silly because nobody believes
that you can overtake a superpower by
sauntering through one building
literally nobody in the world thinks
that you can overtake United States by
wandering around without showing any
weapons except some blunt
objects however that wasn't the whole
story part of the story was the the
electors the alternate electors who
Democrats called fake
electors um were selected the story was
that they were they were being to they
were they were activated to uh preserve
the legal challenge so it was basically
a a positioning thing and obviously
there'd be a court would have to be
involved or Congress would have to be
involved but it wasn't supposed to be
the final answer it was a positioning to
hold
to hold a little more Authority should
the courts or somebody else get in
involved you could say well there's you
got two claims here so you can have to
decide which one so I don't have a
enough of a legal background none to say
whether that was ever a good plan we can
say it didn't work out but that's
different from saying it wasn't ever a
good plan in the first
place um however we got some new news on
that uh the Arizona attorney General who
was Prosecuting the those Trump electors
the so-called alternate Andor fake
electors so a number of them were going
to be prosecuted but apparently at some
point uh the Integrity of the voting
system has been in so much
question uh that that it does look like
the election was
challengeable meaning that the electors
had a
case doesn't mean they're right
right doesn't mean they're right but
that they're eliminating from the
analysis that the electors were just
trying to steal the
election how big a deal is
that so apparently the legal system at
least in one specific case if I'm and
and by the way i' I'd look for a fact
check on this because when I when I look
at the election legality stuff I'm not
the person to depend on
but according to the Gateway punded so
you could look there for more
information
um that uh the known errors in the
Arizona Motor Vehicle Department uh
caused nearly 100,000 voter
registrations to be validated without
verifying
citizenship and that this issue has uh
persisted for over 20 years so for 20
years there's been 100,000 people on the
voter roles that we didn't know if they
were citizens or not or how many were
citizens how many were not and that
would be enough if if there was anything
wrong within that group of people in
terms of their votes that would be
enough to completely change the election
result so if this is now a known fact to
the courts that we couldn't know for
sure who won in
Arizona that means I think that the
so-called fake or so-called altern
Trump
electors were on Solid
Ground now am I right about that I'll
need a fact check on that I'm going to
I'm going to say I should remain humble
about my understanding of the law so so
slap me down if I got that wrong or if
there's another another way to look at
it but it does look like the whole
argument about January 6 just
disappeared because if it's true in
Georgia and in Arizona that there's
plenty of reason to think that the
election might have been rigged
certainly not proven definitely not
proven but certainly enough
irregularities that preparing for how to
handle the
irregularities was completely
justifiable doesn't mean you know how
it's going to end up but preparing
because you saw that something looked
irregular and then finding that
something was irregular doesn't mean it
was wrong but it was irregular and
that's why they prepared just in case
the irregularities could be you know
quickly handled they
weren't so that could be a nice little
October
surprise Libs of Tik Tock is telling us
reminding us that the California
governor Nome just signed a bill making
it illegal for local governments to uh
make sure that people are citizens
before they vote now why would you do
that why would you go so far as to pass
a law to make sure we don't know if the
election is
real I can see passing a law to make
sure an election is real and the right
people have voted and they're counted
right what would be the reasoning to
pass a law to make sure that you
couldn't tell if the election was real
what's the reason for that
well the reason given isoh we don't want
to discourage people from voting nobody
believes that even the people saying it
no that's not true so I don't know what
the real reason is but let me ask you
this provocative
question what does it mean like how
should I understand the fact that if
there were a plot to destroy America
that came from somewhere I'm not even
going to speculate where if there were
some kind of a long-term plot to destroy
America why would it look exactly like
what the Democrats are doing and I'm not
even making a political comment for
example open borders is not really a
political
topic that's destroy the country or not
destroy the country what what is even
the politics on
that uh how about
Dei now Dei you can say oh we want some
Equity but there's nobody in the world
who thinks it's a good idea to throw
gravel into a machine and Dei is just
gravel in the machine you would do that
if you were trying to destroy
America right you would look for ways to
create uh Division and something that
can never be solved because we'll never
agree what's
fair and the whole Equity
thing if an enemy implemented that or
some enemy of America tried to get us to
buy into Equity as the right way to go
that would destroy America and they
would know that and Democrats are doing
that exactly what an enemy would do
there's no difference if the enemy could
have done this to us they would have
maybe they did I can't tell the
difference how about having no election
control yeah all the irregularities I
just told you about again I don't know
if those irregularities
led to a wrong result we don't know that
but we do know that it is very possible
to have a clean election that everybody
trusts paper ballots make sure somebody
observes it recount them if you need to
so why would we go so far out of our way
to make sure that we have machines we
don't trust or that we make sure we
don't verify people's
identity I can't think of any reason
other than destroy the country can
you what's the second reason how about
uh unlimited
spending if if you were going to try to
destroy America if you could do it you'd
find a way to make Congress spend
unlimited amounts of money with no way
to repay it
ever and we are how about uh legalizing
crime so that the entire retail you know
Urban retail business just disappears
destroys the cities who would do that an
enemy an enemy would do that but in what
world does somebody who's on your side
do any of
this none of this is something you do to
people on your own
team this is something you do if you're
trying to destroy the
country now it could be there's some
kind of weird mental health problem or
criminal Enterprise or something this
going there might be some other
explanation but whenever you see a
situation where one political party is
going out of its way to do things which
on any logical level would destroy the
country that doesn't look like politics
to
me and I've never said this
before every other election I've ever
seen looked like politics it looked like
one party has a preference of how to
approach something the other party had a
different preference that's not what's
happening this is nothing like politics
itics this looks exactly like a planned
brilliant attack on the Integrity of the
United
States to destroy it from a foundational
level you know first you get you get rid
of our common understanding and our
common stories and our our Melting Pot
you just get rid of all that and turn us
into a festering you know diversity pot
of racial
anxiety that's how you destroy a
country anyway so we don't know what's
going on there
um a Michigan Democrat Senate candidate
who apparently has access to some
internal polling meaning privately
funded polling that the public doesn't
see according to the Daily wire the
reporting on this and uh the Democrat
Senate candidate says their internal
polling doesn't match the public polls
and
specifically quote I'm not feeling my
best right now about where we are in
Comm Harris in a place like Michigan so
this is Alisa
slin so she's opening running for a seat
so apparently the internal pollings look
dismal while the external polling says
that Harris will win how do you explain
the existence of internal
polling why does internal polling
exist why would you pay for something
that's free and not only free but being
provided by what
25 different pollsters for free you just
read the news like I do oh looks like
I'm ahead oh looks like I'm not now some
of the questions are the ones that would
be specific to one candidate so that
makes sense but they seem to also ask
the question who would you vote for
which is what the big pollsters do why
do you need internal
ones there's only one
reason it's because you think the
external ones are liars
the the entire internal polling business
probably wouldn't even exist except that
people assume the public ones are
fake what else would it be why would you
pay for something that's free again
except for those specific questions that
the public was don't
ask anyway so maybe that's a surprise
coming uh Hillary CL Clinton says and
it's amazing that the top Democrats are
saying this clear clearly and in public
that the press needs a consistent
narrative about the danger of trump the
press needs a consistant narrative about
the danger of trump at the same time the
Democrats are trying to get rid of
misinformation and
disinformation I don't think they could
be more clear that they want to just
control what you think and they have no
interest in what's real none whatsoever
now it's not like I discovered the fact
that people are selfish lying weasels
but uh here it
is but more
ominously um Hillary says she predicts
an October
surprise that would be negative to KLA
Harris she doesn't know what it would be
but she thinks it's coming
now do you think she really doesn't know
what it is do you think she would say
that if she didn't actually know what
the surprise is
because whatever the whatever the
Republicans may or may not have cooked
up in their opposition research Hillary
probably knows what it is don't you
think don't you think she's on she's
inside the tent the people inside the
tent know what's going
on do you think it's
alcohol do you think they're going to do
you think we're going to find in October
that kamla has a drinking problem or a
pill problem
I'm going to say again it looks obvious
to me that some of her public
appearances are inebriated and others
are
not
so maybe Republicans are waiting for
that you know waiting to unleash that
maybe Hillary would know there's not a
chance in the world not even the
slightest chance that if there were
anything to that if there were any kind
of substance abuse problem that Hillary
wouldn't know she would know she would
know
anyway October surprises we got plenty
coming
um Department of Homeland Security
mayorcas was asked about the floods and
he blamed climate
change um he didn't blame it but he said
we should be ready because the severity
and frequency of the big storms will be
more that by the way is not backed by
any evidence whatsoever but I think he
was looking for a way to blame it on
Trump sort of indirectly it's like well
those people who are opposed to climate
change are going to make this much worse
in the future now I don't think there's
any evidence of that but he said it now
interestingly this came uh about the
same time I saw Greg geld on the five
saying that uh there seemed to be some
kind of a sea change in how the Press
was handling stuff like this because the
Press on their own had not mentioned
climate
change but mayorcas did now mayorcas is
not the press all right he's just a a
weasel um but it does look I'm going to
agree with Greg it does look like the
Press has now been
trained um that the the big storms are
not necessarily linked to climate change
at least we haven't seen it now bejor
lomborg is a big part of that story he's
done a great job in telling us what's
real and what is isn't on the climate
situation
um speaking of
climate and speaking of
censorship here's a little thing that I
think is way more fun than you know is
coming um we all assume that the the
people who want to censor you are going
to work like hell to control Ai and to
control all of our searching and and
everything so we know that's going to
happen but
what if AI is
uncontrollable meaning that you can't
really tell it a lie you can maybe tell
it to avoid some topics but I don't know
if you can tell it to lie because you'd
have to cover every possibility and
hardcoded and yeah I'm not sure you
could so I had this interesting
conversation with uh chat GPT yesterday
and by the way it's new new Advanced
speaking mode is definitely an
improvement it's quite it's quite fun so
as was having a conversation with it
about how the temperature of the earth
is measured and here's what AI told me
now I can't say it's true I'll just tell
you what AI told me so AI said that most
of the the world's heat is in the oceans
first of all did you know that that most
of the climate change heat would be
found in the ocean secondly did you know
it's mostly in the top so the the bottom
bottom of the deepest part part of the
ocean doesn't change much it's just a
little bit above zero again this is what
AI says if it hallucinated I didn't
check
it so most of the heat would be in the
few top few hundred meters of the ocean
and if you can measure it you'd have a
good idea what's happening with climate
change so I asked a questions about how
well we can measure things and I said
how many ways are there to measure I
said well you can use satellites to look
at at atmosphere and I think maybe the
surface of the
water but that doesn't tell you the the
big story because below the surface is
where most the heat is and they said
well they put you can put buoys there
are thousands of buoys they have
thermometers in them and they'll give
you the temperature I'm like great and
then I said but so why do you have
satellites if the buoys are good at
getting the temperature why do you have
satellites and said well because the
satellites plus the buoys can be used in
a way that gives you a better
temperature and I said I don't
understand that isn't one of them better
than the other why don't use the one
that's better if the satellite is better
use that if the water thing is better
use that and then I said well both of
them are maybe not 100%
complete but if you use the one as a way
to
bolster um or fortify your estimates
they can be
compatible and I said it sounds like
you're working a cubicle and you're
lying to your boss right now CU let me
ask this
again if one of if both of those ways of
measuring are known to be not reliable
which is why you would use the other one
to check the first one and vice versa
how do you use both of them to check
each other if you know they're both
wrong and I said how do you combine two
things you know are wrong and then you
get something you rely
on and then it went into total jargon
well you know the estimates of the thing
the thing of the way the combine the
models and then it said it combines it
with the prediction models and I said
hold on hold on are you telling me that
they don't just report the temperature
rather they've got some kind of a a way
that they adjust it with estimates yes
they adjust it with estimates so you're
not seeing the actual temperature as the
machines reported it you're seeing the
the after the scientist did their magic
and adjusted it and then I said well how
did how did they know they adjusted it
to something correct
given that there's no standard which you
already think is correct that you could
compare the estimates to well is said
that's a good point they are
estimates they're estimates based on
their assumptions about how two ways of
measuring things that are
incomplete might be used together to fix
each other's problems
now have any of you ever lived in the
real world for more than five minutes
anybody has anybody dealt with anything
in the real
world if you have do I need to say
anything
else if somebody came to you and said we
have two incomplete ways of measuring a
thing but if we add them together not
knowing which errors each of them has we
can use that to correct with our
algorithm and our in our models and then
we go back and then we check and then we
adjust and then I said
all this why do we develop new ways to
measure
temperature if the old ways were
good and AI said well that's a good
question so here's my point uh I could
have a conversation with AI and do you
know what AI didn't
do it didn't run out the clock like a
person would like if you trap somebody
with a question they could answer
they will change the subject do you know
what AI does tries to answer the
question it doesn't change the subject
it doesn't call me a racist it doesn't
introduce information that's off topic
like all humans do so I was able to use
AI to completely debunk climate change
because the climate change people were
not clever enough to know that they'd
left this hole in the
AI now that I've said it I don't know
maybe somebody goes back and tries to
fix that so it won't talk about climate
change but you ask AI how they measure
the temperature and and just dig down
and then say if they keep adjusting the
temperature how do they know they ever
got it right in the past there's no
answer to that they can't know anything
was right in the past because they use
different measurements and here's the
best
part even the
buoys is not exactly the same techn
ology as when the first round of buoys
were put in the
water
and sometimes the buoys give you a wrong
measurement do you know what they do
when a buoy seems to have the wrong
temperature they use their adjustments
and their models and their algorithms
and the other temperature ways to adjust
it for an
estimate it's so clearly
 if you lived in a if you were
in a Corporation and one of your
employees came to you and told you that
story that they're using all kinds of
different equipment that changes over
time and they're using their math and
their estimates and their algorithms to
correct it you would laugh them out of
your office unless it was what you
wanted to hear and then you'd say sounds
good so we accept whatever we want to
hear that we think is already
right anyway that's a big hole in AI a
AI might give you holes where you could
find the truth even when the people in
charge are trying to hide
it all right um Trump said that uh one
rough hour of policing would end
crime I love his hyperbole now is this
going to get fact check by MSNBC well I
don't think if one hour I one hour
sounds too short so we're going to do
some calculations to find out if crime
could be eliminated in one hour nope we
had some experts son and they said
nobody could eliminate crime in one
hour well let me tell you what you could
do you could have the police beat the
living out of some uh out of some
shoplifters and then put it on video and
then send it around and say this is our
new policy you see what we're doing to
these shoplifters we're going to do this
to you no more free
shoplifting that would pretty much
reduce shoplifting by 50% in one hour
yep now it's still a major uh it's a big
exaggeration but we know what he means
right if you know how words how words
are used you know what he
means I'll go further and say that 60%
of all of our political problems are
Democrats pretending they don't know how
words
work oh well he said fine people oh but
he said that out of a context oh there's
no way a toddler could eat 14 eggs at
it it's like they don't understand how
normal words work in the real world and
we pretend that this is some kind of
political difference it's not a
political difference one side is
pretending they don't know how language
Works what's up with
that it's like every topic you always
get back to well but if you knew how
words
work I think you'd look at this
differently julan Assange says the CIA
targeted his wife and his son and him
and he said that uh by 2017 Wicked
Leakes knew that the CIA had infiltrated
the French political parties and spying
on the French and German leaders and
they said that the CIA director at the
time Pompeo launched a campaign of
Retribution and according to Assange she
says it's now a matter of public record
that under pompeo's explicit Direction
the CIA Dre up plans to kidnap and
assassinate him within the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London and authorized going
after his European colleagues subjecting
them to theft hacking attacks and
planting of false information and his
wife and son were also targeted and
somebody was assigned to CIA asset was
assigned to track his
wife and to try to get a DNA sample from
his six-month old's uh
diaper okay
wow uh he says this is the testimony of
more than 30 current and former US Intel
officials speaking to the US press cabor
corroborated blah blah
blah
wow wow you know it's hard to believe
what happens in the real world I think
the worst parts of our country are the
things that we just can't believe
because our brain won't allow us like
for most of my life I just assumed it
wasn't possible that the CIA killed
kenned and blamed it on somebody else
because my brain couldn't process that
it wasn't just that people said oh no it
was a lone shooter it was that my brain
could not handle the idea that the CIA
would kill our president and get away
with
it now I think totally possible don't
know don't know for sure cuz that would
I know for sure but is it within the
realm of normal behavior that you could
observe in your
lifetime yep is it possible that some
members of the United States tried to
kill Trump
twice I have no knowledge of any
connection to anything domestic or
International but yes yes that is within
the realm of normal ordinary American
Business unfort
it's within the
realm all right what else uh here's a
thing that keeps popping up that the
anecdotal lived
experience uh of what voters are saying
on the streets is not matching the polls
at all so CBS which as you know is no no
friend to Trump Major Garrett who's the
name of a person he's not a military
person his first name is Major
um he talked to 20 voters and they were
all made up their mind and they're all
Trump voters how in the world do you
find 20 people in a row that are all
Trump
voters that and I'm not sure if he said
it as clearly as I just said it so maybe
I got that wrong but the the idea was
that if you're in your little bubble and
you can't imagine that anybody would
like trump it completely goes away when
you walk
Outdoors because how many times now have
we seen a story
where somebody who you imagine is
leaning left or as part of the you know
left leaning media has talked to people
on the streets or in a restaurant and
they come back and saying um a funny
thing
happened almost everybody I talked to
was solidly Pro
Trump now how many times have we seen
the same news story with with different
people in different situations and not
once not once as somebody come back and
said you know honestly everybody said
they're voting for Harris I don't see
how Trump could
win now I get that this is anecdotal
it's not a
scientific but if all the anecdotes are
in the same direction there's not been
one reported anecdote that I've seen
where somebody went to some kind of
General crowd of of citizens and found
that most of them supported
Harris yeah
um I I I think there's some fake news on
the K Harris taking a phone call about
the flood I saw it in the comments
somebody said that so there's a story
that K Harris has a staged photo where
she's got a phone on an airplane it's on
her little table in front of her and but
at the same time she's she's looking at
the phone like she's having this call
with uh flood officials or something um
She's Got an earpiece in that's got a
wire it's a wired earpiece that goes
down some you know it's not attached to
the phone so people
said um she's pretending that she's on
the phone call but it's staged because
you can tell she doesn't have her
earpiece plugged into the
phone that's fake
news that's fake news for at least one
of two reasons number
one uh you wouldn't be able to tell from
the picture whether it was plugged in
because if the wire went from um where
it was into her lap and then back up
into the back of the phone you wouldn't
be able to see it necessarily right so
first of all it might have been plugged
into the phone
secondly uh if she was using the speaker
phone and she just didn't feel like
taking out the the the earpiece that she
uses all the time because we've seen her
with the earpiece on she may have just
been taught having a you know a voice
call on the speaker phone and she just
didn't bother to take out her earpiece
which would be fine because you could
hear fine as long as the earpiece is not
on
thirdly
people all photos are
staged if you thought this was the one
non-staged photo no all photos are
staged all the political ones they're
all staged so whether or not she was on
a real phone call it doesn't make any
difference I mean I don't think she made
up the fact she made a phone call but no
it's it's fake news at least three
different ways I don't know which of
them is more applicable but that's not a
story you you've got like 40 people dead
in two states underwater and you're
worried about a staged
photo nothing's less important than that
you can't go lower than that in
importance um Trump has said that if uh
Elon Musk has said if Trump loses he
said quote to be precise the machine
that controls the comma puppet will come
after me and even more than it currently
does I think that's true he's in trouble
there's a story about Loren Powell jobs
who was Steve Jobs uh Widow apparently
she's just about best friends with KLA
Harris and she owns the Atlantic in the
Atlantic is this anti-trump
garbage propaganda piece
um and they say she has a hidden but key
role in outing Biden and she might be
the most essential
Confidant isn't that
interesting that Steve Jobs did so much
for the country if you look at you know
the economic success of apple and what
it gave us and everything um but also
may have been one of the he may have
married a woman who after he died was
instrumental in destroying it because I
already made the argument that the
Democrat policies look like designed to
destroy the country it's hard to imagine
they would have any other purpose and
she's a key player in
that um
funer press
Confidant
so this problem of Rich capable people
leaving their money to stupid
people is a real problem so
billionaires think twice about who
you're leaving your money do
cuz I I don't know what Steve Jobs would
have said about politics or maybe you
just would have stayed out of it which
would have been the right play actually
but I mean this is just terrible you you
look at uh
um what's his name uh Bezos Jeff Bezos
wife takes her many billions of dollars
and becomes a major
donor so
yeah that's the problem so the uh second
attempted assassination guy Ruth pled
not
guilty now you might say how in the
world could he be not guilty they have
every evidence in the world but I
listened to a Ellen DT's podcast the dur
show and he said something that just
blew my mind first of all he he says he
might be the you know world's best
expert in this domain so I always listen
to him but here's the issue it's not it
wasn't an assassination because nobody
got killed but it also perhaps and this
is dersu stake it might not
be it might not be an
attempt because if they can show that
Trump was never where he could have
aimed his gun at him then you have
failed to prove an
attempt you may have proved that there
was some mental um mental
thought that you were definitely
thinking about it but if there was never
any chance you could have done it then
they can't get you on the murder or the
attempt because no attempt happened so
your common sense says that was an
attempt that was definitely an attempt
he didn't pull the B the the trigger but
that was an attempt but apparently the
law does make a distinction that if you
didn't get the actual literal ability to
do it you never satisfied the attempt
now I might be wrong on the legal part
of that so listen to the dur show if you
want more on
that um so Israel is going into Lebanon
um I would expect that you're not going
to hear you're not going to see or hear
much about it from the Press because it
would be too dangerous for the press and
either side wants the press in there I
don't think so it's going to be weirdly
quiet for a
war and here are some of the things we
know um the timing is kind of perfect
because America is so distracted that
Israel probably can just get away with
more than they could in a in a normal
situation if we had a strong president
who was in office and had three more
years to go um I think they'd have to
work with us a little more closely now
at the moment America is claiming well
we didn't know well we weren't filled in
I think that's probably all not true but
they can claim it and people say oh okay
America's off the hook a little bit not
totally but at least a little bit
because you weren't directly involved in
this so it's probably smart that America
pretends not to be involved or they
pretend as hard as they can not to be
involved with every single part of it uh
it's just good for America to not look
like we're just doing whatever Israel
wants us to
do but uh here's what Netanyahu said um
in a longer
speech um he talked about Iran and he
clearly is trying to keep Iran from
entering the
fight and he said quote uh when Iran is
finally free why would he be talking
about Iran being free now the context is
free from their own bad bad leadership
because when Iran is finally free and
that moment will come a lot sooner than
people
think wait
what Iran is going to be free and it's
going to come sooner than people think
does that suggest that Israel knows
something about the fate of Iran that
Iran itself does not know that's the
suggestion the suggestion is that Iran
is that is Israel maybe they'll do
something that would free Iran which
would suggest it
suggests decapit the
leadership now could you ever imagine
could you have imagined a year ago that
Israel Could Just Kill the leaders of is
of Iran and that would be okay and life
would go on no you can't even imagine it
could you have imagined two months ago
that Israel could decapitate the entire
leadership of
Hezbollah and nobody would
blink because that happened you didn't
see that coming did you now once they've
established that they could take out the
entire leadership in a week what do you
think Iran is thinking about these spies
in their midst and how safe their
leadership is in my opinion Israel
always knows where the leadership in
Iran is I think their spies and their
intelligence are probably that good by
now it was certainly that good for
Hezbollah that means that the decision
of whether the leadership of Iran lives
or dies is now completely in netanyahu's
hands he will decide if the Ayatollah is
alive in a
month literally and I believe he's
telling him that now he can't say that
directly but if you say when Iran is
finally free free and that moment will
come a lot sooner than people think wait
a minute what do you know that we don't
know oh we just watched the leadership
of Hezbollah disappear
then he
says um then everything will be
different he said our two ancient
peoples the Jewish people and the
Persian people will finally be at
peace I just love that
sentence I I don't know if it's because
I like um you know I like watching uh
science
fiction I don't know what it is
exactly but just listen to this this
sentence again our two ancient peoples
the Jewish people and the Persian people
will finally be a
peace that's just sort of a perfect
sentence because it reframes it as not
today's problem but it kind of reframes
it as you're the adults but somebody has
sort of hijacked your civilization as
soon as you get rid of the hijackers of
your civilization you'll go back to some
normal thing where the you know the the
two ancient peoples don't have a reason
to not get along right so as long as you
don't have a border dispute or one side
isn't funding terrorists you don't
really have reason to fight you could
just go back to two ancient people's
getting along so I love net Yahoo making
people think past the sale the sale is
the getting rid of their leadership and
then thinking past it to that's going to
be awesome for all of
us he goes on
quote when that day comes wait a minute
when that day comes he's thinking pass
the sale again he's not saying it might
come he just said when that day comes
huh again really good uh when that day
comes the terror Network that the regime
built in five continents will go
bankrupt dismantled uh he continued Iran
will Thrive as never before Global
investment massive tourism brilliant
technological innovation based on the
tremendous talents that exist inside
Iran doesn't that sound better than
endless poverty repression and
War
perfect right so that's that's a
trumpian way to deal with North Korea
you don't go to North Korea and say we
can destroy you if you don't behave nope
you say do we have any reason to fight
we don't have a reason to fight but you
know what we do have a reason to help
you rebuild if you want to you know
build into a nice peaceful friend will
help you out so you got to give them an
option that isn't win or lose a
fight because if you give them the
option of win or lose the fight they're
going to say well we choose
winning everybody wants to win so if you
give them only a choice of winning or
losing they're going to fight like hell
to win and kill you in the process if
they need to if you say here's the deal
as soon as you and I get rid of our
common enemy which is your lead
leadership we don't have any reason to
fight in fact do you know what Iran
would look like if you got rid of the
Ayatollah Global investment massive
tourism does anybody doubt that those
two things are true that if the current
regime were replaced with something that
looked more democratic do you have any
doubt any doubt at all that there would
be massive investment in Iran no because
like he says they have a tremendously
talented public
if they didn't have a tremendously
talented public then you'd say well
nobody's going to invest in that but
Iran is probably one of the most
investable places on Earth that hasn't
been fully invested so yes there's no
doubt about it Global investment would
would be massive tourism would be
through the roof we know that um and
then he says he puts it in the form of a
question which again is perfect
persuasion you don't tell them you ask
them
right have I Tau you that before put it
in the form of a question and then
people don't have an automatic
resistance they just answer their own
question it's way way better to get
around the automatic
resistance doesn't that sound better
than endless poverty repression and
War yes yes
now here's my interpretation which is by
no means certain but my interpretation
I think that um Israel doesn't want to
take a chance of taking out the
leadership of Iran I don't think they
want that because that could be real
unpredictable I think they definitely
want Iran to think it's an option like
right at the top of the option list I
think they succeeded I think that Iran
now is completely on board with the
credibility that Israel will kill their
leadership if they if they get involved
in the
Lebanon action I think the most
important thing that Netanyahu wanted
was to make sure that Israel or the Iran
stands down and they don't send any
people or extra weapons into Lebanon I
think he's going to get that I would go
further and say I guarantee you that
that Israel has a specific plan for
killing the
Ayatollah you would agree with that
right they definitely have a plan for
doing that and it would depend on where
he is and what he's doing but they
probably have three different
contingencies for if he's here we kill
him this way if he's here we kill him
that
way yeah so
uh um the way I put it is I I think
Israel Pro they can get to any leader At
All by using hezel as a speed bag so
every day that you watch Israel
completely dominate military
technologically strategically
communication wise Weaponry you watching
them dominate Hezbollah that two months
before two months before we had said oh
Hezbollah 100,000 Rockets you're
certainly not going to want to do a land
Invasion there once they no Israel just
took them off the map they just they
shut down their
communication eliminated their ability
to do a mass attack and now they'll just
take their time there's not even a
leadership or a communication Network
that Hezbollah can use to regroup it's
basically already a mop up operation so
the the thing that you thought was going
to be this impossible War turned into a
mop-up operation in two
weeks losing barely any Israeli
lives but you know what is even more
impressive I don't know if this is
accidental this is probably mostly
accidental but the hardest part of the
fighting in Lebanon is going to come on
the anniversary of October
7th and all questions are
answered so if you're if you're going to
say let's criticize Israel for attacking
this sovereign country instead of trying
to make peace which would be
impossible here's the answer to
that this is the oneye anniversary of
October 7th I know I know but we're not
talking about Gaza we're not talking
about Hamas now now this is Lebanon it's
a whole different situation why can't we
work out
peace this is the oneyear anniversary of
October 7th I know I know but that's you
know I see how you're relating these but
stop stop conflating these stop
conflating this is
different it's the one-year anniversary
of October
7th that's all you have to say that
that's basically the free path
for Israel to completely annihilate
Hezbollah even at the you know what will
be way too expensive cost and innocent
life they got a free pass they're never
going to have that free pass
again never so if they don't do it now
it's probably undoable
forever so um let me do a little
test I believe I've been telling you for
months that uh Israel taking out
Hezbollah was
guaranteed it was because of all these
factors that they would never have a
better chance to do it and they're not
dumb so if you say we have the ability
we're very
smart there'll never be another chance
to do it and it's critical to our
survival of course it's going to happen
how but correct me if I'm wrong I think
all the experts said it wouldn't and I
said yeah it has to like it's obvious
it's going to happen they'd be they'd be
insane not to do
it even though it's very risky they'd be
crazy not to do it there's never going
to be another chance like
this
so I remind you that I don't support
Israel I don't unsupport them um it's
not my business I I observe them and
when they do good things I say wow that
was impressive if they do bad things
I'll tell you wow that was bad
um but I don't support them because they
don't support
me which I mean that literally I I think
support should be
reciprocal or at least you think that
they would if he needed it you know it
doesn't mean they have to do it but
would they if he needed it well I need a
help from Israel I would like them to
disavow the
ADL who is came after me and called me
Holocaust um a Holocaust denier in
public the head of the L ADL said that
now if Israel were to you know disavow
them and say the ADL you know we don't
support them and don't listen to them
then I'd say whoa they supported me then
I would support them but if they don't
support me I'll just talk about them if
you don't mind and everybody gets to
support themselves all right I remind
you the dilber 2025 calendar page day
calendar is back it's made in America
for the first time the only place you
can get it is at the link on dilbert.com
not on Amazon it won't be on Amazon
that's the way I Could Make It in
America it's a long story and also uh
wind bigley has been reissued hard cover
only look for the one with the mostly
blue hard cover this a second edition
and it's a little bit updated it's
updated through uh Trump's first
assassination attempt it's all about
persuasion if you'd like to learn how to
be a
Persuader as good as Netanyahu
then uh and As Good As Trump then I
teach you how to do it so the book is
not so much Politics as it is
persuasion through the lens of politics
so learn about persuasion will make you
important um is there any any story that
I left out today we're going to watch
the uh if you're on locals we're going
to do a live stream for the local
supporters uh during the uh during the
VP debate
tonight all right looks like we've done
what we need to do thanks for listening
sorry this took too long I'm going to
talk to the locals people just for a
minute and the rest of you will see you
tomorrow same time same place we'll talk
about the debate and now locals people
you will be with me in 30 seconds while
we take a sip of
coffee
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e