bum bum bum bum bum bum bum but your
phones on silent you know what time it
is
yeah yeah you do it's time for the
evening simultaneous Waddle that's where
you get your blanket on oh yeah
feels comfortable calms you down from
these stressful times
it's a way to get off the news I'm
trying to wean you off the news so you
can slip into a comfortable great
night's sleep and you know you're
addicted you're addicted to it because
your days are better all right now I'd
like to thank all the people who made
news today they had nothing to do with
the corona virus because I don't know
about you but I wouldn't mind talking
about something else for a while
first of the news Linda Tripp has passed
away just hours ago I guess and she was
called the Clinton sex scandal a
whistleblower she died at the age of 70
and I would like to read this sentence
to you from the Daily Mail this is a
British publication and I want you to
fill in the last part of the sentence
now I swear I'm not making this up
everything I tell you from you know
about this totally legitimate and I just
want you to guess how this sentence ends
I'll just read you the first part this
is from the Daily Mail today quote Linda
Tripp secret conversations with Monica
Lewinsky led to the impeachment of Bill
Clinton in 1998 after she blew the
finish the sentence Linda Tripp
conversations with monica lewinsky led
to the impeachment of Bill Clinton in
1998 after she blew thee after she blew
the rest of the sentences after she blew
the whistle on their affair she was a
whistleblower oh oh the sentence was
talking about Linda Tripp okay okay I
got it now got it all right you probably
know by now that Bernie Sanders has
dropped out he's he has dropped out of
the race but he's keeping his delegates
that's not exactly a good loser is it
I'm gonna drop out of the race
if I keep my delegates I'm not gonna
give me my delegates so it's not a clean
win for Biden and of course by now
you've all seen the the president Trump
quote and I say this a lot but it always
bears repeating President Trump doesn't
even know how to be uninteresting you
know love him or hate him you know he
annoys you you know you love him
whatever no matter what you think of him
I just don't think it's in his character
that he can be uninteresting like in any
context anywhere in any room under any
situation he's everything he says is
just like wait what and this is another
one so his reaction when he heard the
news he was talking about it he said
quote I don't know why President Obama
hasn't supported Joe Biden a long time
ago Trump says he feels something is
wrong it does he feels something is
wrong it does amaze me that President
Obama hasn't supported sleepy Joe he
knows something that you don't know that
I think I know
then you don't know now you have to
admit if you had said okay we're gonna
have this you're a moment when you're
going to say something in public and I
want you to you know get the best
writers in the world and bring them
together and try to come up with a
sentence or two
that's so provocative and so and so it's
so screws with your hand that the people
can't stop talking about it for 24 hours
you have the best writers in the world
and be like well suppose he says this
now that won't work and I don't know if
you could I don't know if the best
writers in the world could have come up
with something this that's more
provocative than the way I think he just
sort of came up with it on the spot I
mean that really is a gift you have to
admit love it or hate it you just can't
turn away it's just so interesting the
way he does it
now of course one of the many things he
does right in holding your attention I
talked about before it's an author's
trick in a writer's trick which is you
create curiosity and you see the
president do that all the time he says
well you know you'll find out later
he always has he likes to have little
surprises he likes to tease you that
there might be a surprise coming so he
knows how to keep you interested by not
giving you the answer because anybody
anybody standard like a normal
politician who didn't know how to do
this stuff so well a normal politician
would have just made an accusation right
a normal politician would say well Joe
Biden's socialist too or he voted
against that thing or he was for this
war or something but that's that's how
any normal politician would have
approached it you just say a fact but
the fact gives you no curiosity
there's no curiosity it's just like yeah
of course you say that because you're on
the other side I'm gonna hear this a
million more times it doesn't stake it
all
trumpets it in the form of a like a
puzzle a riddle it's a quiz it's sort of
a quiz and a rental and sort of a story
with a cliffhanger you don't know quite
what the answer to the story is but you
feel you have you have a notion and
there might be the same notion he has
now I've told you before that two of
these strongest forms of persuasion are
pacing and leaving and so in this case
the president is sort of pacing the
public because the public feels almost
exactly the way he's framing it which is
I think I know why Obama is not
endorsing I'm not going to say it out
loud
but I think I know so that's so he knows
how to completely connect with his
supporters of the way nobody's ever
really done before I don't think from
the presidency and then the other trick
which I've talked about less but it
might be the most powerful one is when
he tells you what you're thinking as
you're thinking it if I ever I don't
know if you've heard me say that before
but a powerful way to instantly connect
with somebody in a way that allows you
to be influential with them because that
connection just like locks in and you
can do it very quickly and the technique
is you tell somebody what they're
thinking accurately I mean if you do it
wrong then doesn't work at all but if
you can accurately guess because you've
just been around a while and you know
how brains work if you can guess
somebody's unique thought and the trick
is has to be a unique thought not not an
obvious one you know guessing that
somebody's hungry before lunch is not
not going to get it done so you want it
you want to like reach in and guess
somebody's really specific thought and
if you can do that you just gonna click
and you and the two of you lock in and
then you know there's an opportunity or
a channel open for persuasion and you
see the president doing this in this way
because
he says directly he knows something that
you don't know that I think I know that
you don't know so he's basically talking
about what's in our heads and and
everybody else right the what's in the
public's heads and he kind of nails it
without actually saying it which is we
all think we know we're not sure if you
know what I know or if I know what
you're thinking but I feel like we all
know we're thinking the same thing so
anyway he hit every dough you can hit in
persuasion and it was funny as well
here's some good news
I'm full of good news today one of my
neighbors who couldn't finish college
because of the coronavirus stuff his
home of the family is doing some
shopping because she's in that young
healthy relatively healthy category and
so she was nice enough to give me some
groceries a few times so far and today
she was at a store for other purposes
and saw toilet paper for sale on the
shelf let me say that again my town had
toilet paper on the shelf and I'm not
talking about industrial toilet paper
I'm not talking about stuff you wouldn't
want to get near the the tender bottom
of your self I'm talking about the good
stuff
12-pack Charmin yeah that's right solid
gold and so she said would you like me
to you you know get some for you and I
was texting it's like I couldn't type it
fast enough and she said you want one or
two that's like one or two one or two I
didn't even know that was an option
and I started weeping while typing to to
I think there might have been a limit
which by the way it will be the
secret to getting everybody enough is if
the the big box stores when they do get
new supply and and it looks like it's
happening if they limit you know to per
customer or something like that so I
think that's what's gonna happen now
let's talk about predictions how many of
you remember when I predicted when the
toilet paper supply would start to
replenish I said it would be about a
month from the the first day that your
stores got empty shelves and I did like
back in an envelope calculation to you
know guesstimate the average of how much
people hoarded and but then you have to
calculate in that people are home more
so they're using more stuff home and
then calculate him that the the
businesses probably were working
double-time
to produce more so calculating all that
and I think I said about a month from
the time that your shelves first emptied
how close did I get in my town I think I
nailed it right I think well you don't
know but about a month from the last
moment that you could buy these products
in my town it's today I think it's just
about just about a month so that was
just a back-of-the-envelope calculation
but looks like that's going to come
through we have to wait and see if let
me know let me know if any of you have
experienced that yet all right
let's say this you know one thing that
this coronavirus situation has done and
I think after it's over there's gonna be
all these unintended benefits that are
really gonna rack up and one of the
interesting things about it is it be
created this little test lab where there
were lots of ambiguous situations that
people in public were competing in a
sense people were competing to have the
best take on it and the most accurate
interpretations the best predictions and
so there are lots of like elements and
you know parts of the story of the
corona virus pandemic but in each of
those little sub stories and each of
those little subplots there are people
like me you know people in public
pundits and famous people and
politicians and celebrities making all
kinds of predictions and statements
about them and so in a very condensed
period like we've never seen before we
got to see people's minds at work in
public and then we fairly quickly got to
see who is more right than other people
so he says you Apollo up sound bad
you know you're right I can last few
days I can feel that there's some
difference so you're right anyway so I
think one of the good things that comes
out of this is you're gonna find out
who's good at this stuff and I'm gonna
tell you a little bit more about my
predictions so you can see how I stack
up with the public predictions all right
so there's a prediction from the experts
that say the US will reach its peak use
of resources and the most will need on
around Saturday which is pretty close
right this is the weekend and I don't
see the task force being panicked it
looks like they figured it out like we
found enough we moved in
around we flattened a curve enough yeah
you know they were pushing other from
every direction from finding new ones to
figuring out you know I had a retrofit
things do quickly building new ways to
build them and and everything but it
looks it's beginning to look like we're
going to get past the peak of it without
the the grotesque shortages that would
kill people from their lack now I just
saw a message just before I got on from
somebody said in a particular hospital
that they were reusing stuff and may
have caused infections and maybe
somebody and maybe somebody actually it
could have died from that it's hard to
know exactly what caused what in these
situations but if you were looking at it
overall you know there's no doubt there
were individual bad situations but if
you were to look at it overall it kind
of looks like we got it done
maybe it's still too early but it
started to look like the team humans and
Team America specifically it's kind of
starting to look like we got it done
which would be spectacular now of course
the skeptics will say it was all the big
hoax that there was nothing to do so the
reason that he did so well is that there
was no problem in the first place and
we'll never be able to solve that those
two different movies of the little play
forever but yours here's the way I'd put
it can it be said let's say things go
the way the optimist would like them to
go we get through Saturday and we don't
run out and then even though the problem
is going to continue for weeks we get on
top of the supply problem and we
basically give or take a few special
cases basically we just don't run out of
stuff from this point on could it be
said if you think about yourself in the
future and you're looking back at it
you're a historian could it be said that
we were unprepared
now your first thought is hell yes we
were unprepared because we had to
scramble so hard to get all these things
but let me let me just put this thought
in your head that would make sense if
you had only one big problem if you had
one big risk you should be really
prepared specifically and and then the
most maximal way for that one risk but
what if you live in a world in which you
have untold potential risks everything
from pandemics to asteroids to you know
unexpected Wars to you know EMF bombs to
who knows what revolutions you know mass
psychosis global warming you know you
pick your pick your emergency I would
contend that what it means to be
prepared in a world of tremendous
uncertainty and a variety of dangers to
which you could not possibly prepare for
all of them that what it means to be
prepared is to have systems in place
that are very flexible and adaptable and
when a new threat comes in which is
always going to be different from the
last one you know you're your next
threat is never quite like the last one
you know this virus isn't like the other
ones exactly so being prepared in the
future might not be a case of being
prepared like a goal like my goal is to
be prepared for this thing because what
if there are so many things and some of
them you can't even imagine you can't
even think up the trouble that's coming
toward you it's just something you never
saw before in that case and I think that
does describe the future in that case
isn't your best form of preparation a
tremendous ability to communicate
incredible colleges and education system
to produce the kinds of scientists and
your researchers and doctors they need
for a variety of situation
we have these systems for governing that
apparently were up to the task in terms
of the fact that you know we knew who
was in charge okay mr. president
he immediately you know used his powers
to create a team that team used the
powers of emergency and and you know the
influence of the president's office and
all that the military everything all of
these systems
it's like systems on top of systems on
top of systems and how'd they do well
our biggest problem is we're sort of
ossified with all these regulations and
red tape if our system could not
immediately self-correct and cut through
the red tape when an emergency required
then I would say you're not prepared but
what if your system is so flexible at
the moment there's a need we got to get
rid of all these regulations they made
they made sense before you know in a
luxury time they made sense but right
now we just gotta get rid of them if you
could just slice through them which i
think is what the administration did it
looked to me like the administration
just sliced through regulations
everywhere they saw him like a you know
like a samurai so were we prepared to
get rid of regulations yes yes we had a
system in place there quite efficiently
identified and then removed obstacles we
also have the Internet I would say that
the the contribution of just individuals
as they communicated and on the internet
and and even the leadership that was
shown on the Internet I'm talking about
the you know the Mark Cuban's and cetera
the people who just stepped up and added
something useful and there are a lot of
ideas and connections and you know
buyers and sellers finding each other
and ideas that needed to be fleshed out
with more people so the internet the
Internet is this amazing system and in
in my opinion specifically Twitter
I I'm a little biased but I think
Twitter's whereas the brain of
civilization and because it exists all
the best ideas could sort of find the
right place and get filtered in a way
that we could have never done before you
know prior to Twitter so if you look at
everything from our political systems
even our financial systems the fact that
we have such a which you were you know
banking system and you know and that
minuchin could go in there and they had
a full toolbox minuchin had a full
toolbox what tool did venusian want to
use that was not available to him not
right well you know maybe you can think
of one but i can't because the the
economy of the United States was robust
minuchin goes in there and says all
right it's an emergency I'm gonna push
the buttons for emergencies and all the
buttons are there they're all there
because we weren't already in the
depression because we had good systems
so I would say that we're probably you
know it's human nature that we you beat
yourself up for your mistakes and you
don't give yourself enough credit for
the things you do well but I think where
we're heading with this if we do get
past the peak without running out of
stuff and I'm optimistic now I think we
really have to pat ourselves on the back
and I'm talking about humanity in
general because there are a whole bunch
of systems that really delivered that
they adapted that the systems themselves
were almost like living creatures
because none of the systems were on day
one adapted to the task but you know
let's just take one example you know
Twitter is not adapted to the task on
day one but it takes 10 seconds for a
hashtag to appear and suddenly Twitter
is morphing into exactly the tool for
this disease it's almost like you could
think of creating a hashtag
Twitter is almost like an antibody
you're a white white blood cell look
because let's say the the body human is
attacked so something about humanity is
attacked whether it's a pandemic or some
walls what's the first thing we do when
when humanity is attacked the first
thing we do is somebody makes a hashtag
write the hashtag then attracts all the
the attention and the trends and then
people know where to go and then it
connects everybody and then all of the
resources of the world all the different
systems start spinning up because of
this little hashtag so this hashtag is
like the antibodies that that get formed
on Twitter and they start spreading on
Twitter which connects all the systems
and and pushes them into operation and
then people can find each other and make
connections they know it's important
what's not imagine if you had to depend
on just the news yeah imagine this
pandemic came and there was no social
media and you just had to depend on the
news that's scary isn't it
that's really scary so the thing that's
sort of invisible to you is the stuff
that happens gradually and what's
happening gradually is we've you know
most of us have sort of grown up with
this evolving internet world
so you see you lose track of how
different it is from you know anytime
before that and one of the differences
it's almost alive you as soon as that
this was a problem was identified it
turned into a hashtag you're reformed
Twitter in real time and and created
like this little brain of society that
was focused on this one problem then all
the systems were activated and each of
them morphed into a new system every
system think about it every system in
the world probably every system in the
world just morphed into a new system and
just days while we watched because we
needed it a most most incredible thing
you've ever seen in your life I hope I
hope that we all remember it
in the way that you know we should let
me give you some some of my most
unlikely predictions you've heard these
before but if there's anybody new it's
always a good context so I've been
saying for years that you should make
predictions in public and then you can
see if you're good at it because people
will remind you if you missed it and if
if you do you should tell people you got
it right so you're my most unlikely
predictions well of course you know I
famously predicted that Trump would win
in 2015 so that would that sort of put
me on the map for predicting stuff but
here are some of the really weird ones I
predicted when we didn't know who the
Vegas shooter was and people were saying
it was probably Isis I said it was not
but that's not the that's not the fun
part the fun part is that when Isis took
credit for it
I still publicly said nope and then
people reminded me you know Isis doesn't
take credit for things that they didn't
do that's I think there was one example
where they might have but basically once
they take credit for it it's Isis but I
held tight and of course it was not Isis
so so that was a one for me when the
Cuban embassy allegedly had a secretive
sonic weapon and all the experts and all
the news was reporting it was a secret
weapon and I said never going to find
that secret sonic weapon that doesn't
exist have we found the secret sonic
weapon that doesn't exist we have not
and I think that at this point the
experts probably agree that it's not any
kind of a weapon whatever it was and of
course you you know I was one of the
first to say stop the flights from China
I was one of the first public people to
say of course masks work how could mask
not work it doesn't make any sense now a
lot of people realized it but you know
there was sort of a funny thing
happening when
when it first came out that the experts
you know Surgeon General and the World
Health Organization CDC to everybody
when they were all telling us that masks
wouldn't help I feel like there was this
phenomena that happened all over the
place
which is that a whole bunch of smart
people sent in themselves but B'nai
allowed as soon as they heard this they
thought to themselves this is that right
is that right because because that
doesn't feel right like how could not
how can it not help at least a little
bit and they would make their silly
arguments about touching your face and
you'd be like yeah but that doesn't that
doesn't feel right but I don't think
anybody wanted to say it out loud
because literally every expert just just
said no don't do it they don't help so
what are you gonna do are you gonna go
in public and say out loud in public I
disagree with every scientist and expert
who's weighed in based on my skill as a
cartoonist is anybody dumb enough to do
that well yeah I did that that's exactly
what I did i bucked every expert and
scientist in the world who all of them
know far more than I do because it was
obvious that they were just wrong so you
don't count that on my on my list I
think by the way I made it easier for
other people to say it in public because
you know when the first the first City
it goes and doesn't get killed you got
oh the first idiot didn't get killed
maybe I can go too and so here's where
I'm heading honest oh and I also
predicted that splitting ventilators
would be a thing and as of today the
Surgeon General just put out some
guidance that said it's it's a last
resort but it's an approved last resort
which makes sense right if you have any
other way to do it you wouldn't do it
that way and then here's another one so
my public estimate for the final death
toll will probably be you know well off
of the action
number but maybe the closest one in the
country so I might have the closest
estimate while still being off a bit so
mine was under five thousand net meaning
after you saved saved people who didn't
get in car accidents for two months
count them and etc counting everything
in there would be closer to five
thousand and we would do such a good job
it looks like the official estimates are
sixty thousand as of today but that's
gross so if you just netted out the ones
that were saved it's probably gonna be
half of that so somewhere in the
neighborhood of thirty thousand would be
the effectively the predicted net my
guess was five thousand I think the
thirty thousand is probably gonna come
down a little bit so if the experts were
saying a hundred or two hundred thousand
and maybe a million and I said five
thousand and it comes down to you know
net fifteen thousand or something I'm
gonna say I had the best prediction
we'll see but here's the weirdest one
let me let me do a little fact checking
with you because you know how it's easy
to have selective memory it's really
easy to have selective memory and like
imagine do you predict the things you
didn't predict so I need your help on
this who in the public who talks about
politics what public person said before
I did that Biden was mentally incapable
kid do you remember anybody saying it in
public like actually saying oh I'm
watching this and it looks like his
brain is not functioning did anybody say
that that you heard that you heard
before I did somebody says everyone well
everyone everyone is said is since yeah
everyone said his since but I might have
been the first one to say it publicly
maybe Mike Serna yeah I mean
so I'm not gonna claim that I said that
first but I was among the first and
wouldn't you say that a year ago it
wasn't as obvious but now everybody can
see it so I would say that everybody who
is on record as having said you know a
year ago I was kind of calling this out
already all those people are right right
yeah doctor who was on it early example
but my weirdest prediction is and I I
tweeted it today and I know you're never
supposed to reveal a conversation a
private conversation you have with the
president but this is a special case and
I'm only revealing this one little
nugget because it's fun and because the
president wouldn't mind and it was that
when I when he he invited me to the Oval
Office to chat in 2018 so this is August
2018 so justjust think about how long
ago this was it's August 2018 and he
asked me my prediction for who would get
the nomination and I said Kamala Harris
and he said Joe Biden so in August of
2018 President Trump called the and I
think we can assume that by don't get
the nomination unless he falls apart but
Trump called it he called it correctly
confidently he was pretty confident
about it and he called it in August of
2018 that's pretty good
right I have to say now my prediction
seemed to be going poorly when Carla
Harris suspended her campaign so you
might say to yourself well Scott after
Isis has taken credit that's when you
can say you're wrong oh no that's not
how I roll I don't care if Isis no
credit I'm still gonna say it wasn't
Isis as with the Vegas shooter and just
because Carla Harris stopped running for
president that didn't mean she wasn't
going to get the nomination no if you
recall I was quite
assistance that might that my prediction
would stand now as of today the news is
reporting that he's hinting so strongly
that he's going to pick her as vice
president that at this point you might
be surprising if he didn't because he's
just sort of talking about her in a way
that makes you think he is he's not
doing a good job of hiding his
intentions now let me say as clearly as
possible
it's not a done deal because first of
all I'm not even sure that Biden gets to
pick his own vice president at this
point I feel like the deep state is just
going to assign him a vice president so
that the usual people are in charge once
once he gets into office or or let's say
even he has to drop out before he gets
an office the vice president would be
the obvious one to take over the top of
the ticket
so if Camille Harris is the one who is
picked I would say we're no more than
60% likely at this point if I had to put
the odds on it but it's still my
prediction she would become the vice
presidential pick for a candidate that
even the Democrats realized is not
capable to hold the job and even Biden
has suggested that he knows it too
because he's talked about getting
somebody younger for the obvious reason
and it feels as though unless something
changes it feels like the obvious path
of this is there for all practical
purposes Komal Harris will be will be
the will be the nominee
whether officially or not in a practical
matter I think people will be inviting
voting for the vice president so would
you say my prediction of Comley Harris
as the nominee would be wrong under
these circumstances issue were the vice
presidential pick
well my critics will say yes is wrong
and I will of course say yeah it's
technically wrong it's technically wrong
and somebody says you are out of touch
guess what happens to people who say you
were out of touch they become an of
touched now you're at a touched know
you're at a touched again the rule is
you can disagree with anything you say
you just can't say something about me
don't say I'm out of touch just tell me
what I don't know that works too alright
somebody's saying yes still wrong now if
I didn't know what you meant by that
I'd probably block you for that but I
know what you mean
so I see a lot of you who are rejecting
the prediction so so just remember this
when you come back to mock me should I
be should I be wrong
should I be wrong I will look you in the
camera and I will admit I was wrong you
don't have to remind me right you don't
have to remind me I'll admit it and I
promise you I will admit it if she does
not get the vice presidential nod all
right let's see here say yeah well I
kind of said this before but I feel like
when this is over whenever that happens
I feel I feel like we're gonna be proud
I feel like humanity is gonna feel like
it did well the others of course you
know the the tragedies that come out of
this and the you know the discomfort and
pain are all terrible and cannot be
minimized but I think we're going to be
proud to recommend this I think it'll
work that well
alright see what else is going on here I
also think that the unintentional
benefit from this pandemic
we'll be we don't like your message what
message the accidental benefit will be
decoupling from China because I think
public opinion was sort of beginning to
lean in that direction yeah baby China
is not our friend
but I think the pandemic changed
people's emotional feeling about China
and the whole relationship and so I
would say at this point we came out way
ahead yeah the the pandemic is gonna
cost us how many trillion two or three
two or three trillion but I think we
still come in ahead in the long run if
we cut the cord with China and bring our
stuff home I think we could make up
three trillion because remember the what
is the what's the full economy does
anybody know the full it isn't a five
trillion dollar economy somebody help me
out with that but I think you know if
you take that three trillion and spread
it down over X years as one does I think
just the benefit of getting China and of
our supply chain and bringing that work
home we may end up making back the whole
three trillion in the long run all right
so I've predicted that there will be an
oxytocin delivery service if we have to
keep up this social isolation because
you know humans go a little squirrely if
they don't have physical touch and
physical touch releases a chemical in
you called oxytocin it's the thing that
makes you bogged with people it's the
thing that gives you a feeling of
well-being it's the thing that comes all
your stress and makes all your problems
go away you've probably noticed that you
could have all the problems in the world
but if you're with your loved one and
you have a good time together suddenly
all the problems in the world don't seem
so bad so that's the oxytocin and you
know since we all have this social
isolation what are you gonna do what are
you gonna do if somebody in the comments
is saying our economy is five to six
trillion I'm seeing six trillion
so the the point stands a six trillion
dollar economy could probably get back
three trillion over 25 years you know
just by the benefit of not dealing with
China anymore potentially so oxytocin so
what's gonna happen if we keep getting
starved of oxytocin besides the fact it
will be unhappy and and crazy I think
you might see people who already have
been tested to have recovered and have
antibodies they may do that business
that you've heard of I think it still
exists where people actually get paid to
hug people and they just go and they
cuddle with you for a while if you don't
have anybody in your life it's usually a
woman I don't think has to be but I'll
bet you you see that business bring up
because think of you know once we have a
bifurcated population where some people
have recovered and they have the
antibodies but other people are so
vulnerable they could die the people who
have the antibodies that are confirmed
to have recovered will be like super
beings who can you know who can you know
deal in both worlds while the people who
haven't yet caught anything and don't
have a vaccination will be you know
cowering in our caves so I think some of
them will actually it will be like you
know ordering door - I think people will
order hogs
like actual literally you'll you'll go
on your app and you'll say I just need
15 minutes of spooning and somebody will
come to your house and spoon you for 15
minutes and you pay them by the app
could happen so I would like to rate for
you for tonight
an artificial oxytocin high so that
chemical that normally is only produced
by close physical contact can also be to
a slightly lesser extent can be
artificially generated by a brain hack
do you believe it do you
there's a brain hack or a trick that can
kind of close the circuitry in your
brain that initiates your oxytocin
because remember it happens basically in
your brain in your own body even though
the other person is involved it's not
like they're shooting chemicals from
their body into yours right your
experience is a subjective one and in
your feeling of the subjective
experience is what makes your brain
chemistry do a certain thing which
triggers your oxytocin that flows into
your body in your mind it makes you feel
awesome so if there were some way to
close that little circuitry and activate
your oxytocin without the benefit of a
person there wouldn't that be cool it
turns out there is and I've taught you
the trick but until you see lots of
examples of it you don't completely get
the beauty of it and the trick is that
our mind is an association engine it's a
it's a pattern recognition engine
sometimes but it's also an association
engine so if for example I took this
bottle of water yeah that's a bad
example this is too common let's say I
took this little tripod that's a little
bit less common than a bottle of water
and every time every time I showed it to
you I fed you a delicious meal your
favorite meal like the best food you've
ever had in your life but no other time
do you ever get to see this it's the
only time you'll ever see it over time
simply seeing this without the food
would start to make you happy in the
same way that the delicious food did so
your brain just automatically pairs
things whether you like it or not now
you knew this of course because that's a
little concept behind you hear a song
that was your song when you were in a
relationship and it makes you sad
because it reminds you of that right so
you know those songs can trigger a
relationship you know the lots of other
things can trigger these associations
so if you would like to kill a little
oxytocin and who wouldn't here's what
you need to do the first thing you need
to do is reproduce as some of the
physicality that's what this blankets
for this blanket is chosen
scientifically sort of meaning that it's
just the right feeling and softness
because when I have it on me I get a
feeling of softness and a little bit
surrounded it's actually sort of hugging
me now if you think that being hugged by
a soft blanket
is so completely different than being
hugged by a human being well of course
it is but it's not that different
because your body is an association
machine and when you associate the
feeling of wow that is soft and warm and
feels good on my body it's going to
trigger some of the same chemistry and
mental processes and just by memory and
Association of the real thing so some of
its physical there were tests of little
monkey babies that didn't have mothers
and if they gave them a warm water
bottle they actually were pretty happy
because the just the physical warm water
bottle felt sort of like a person felt
or like a mummy so reproduce the
physical comfort of a human hug so you
might want to get you know you might
want to be near the fireplace if you
have a pet who's good at snuggling well
I'll put on a blanket sit by the
fireplace
get on their comfortable rug spoon with
your bigger old dog or your cat on your
chest and these these feelings are
similar enough to things that you feel
when you're with a real person then it
can trigger them at least partially and
then then the other thing you want to do
is you want to manage your mental shelf
space and put things on it that create
oxytocin and make sure that there's no
space on the mental shelf for any bad
thoughts to get in to work against it so
if you just don't bother managing what
you're thinking well thoughts we'll just
sort of occur to you and semi random way
and some of them will be bad so don't do
that so once you're in your soft
comfortable warm place hugging your cat
or dog or whatever you're doing this
assumes you don't actually have a human
that you can be hugging
then close your eyes and think about the
person you most want to hug put yourself
in this situation now here's the trick
run through all five senses in order
send yourself okay I can visualize what
that looks like
that's your eyes I can smell it you know
the perfume the scent I can feel it and
you're just in your imagination but
you're also feeling your soft light yet
the fire your pet perhaps maybe you've
got that maybe you've got a body pillow
by the way if you haven't tried a body
pillow you should because it's almost
disturbing how good it feels so if you
have one try that so imagine if you will
and fill up your mental space with just
thoughts where you cycle through all of
your your sensations you know your your
hearing your touch your scent your taste
if it makes sense if there's something
that you often would eat or taste with
this person so you just run through it
and you make sure that you're
concentrating as much as possible on the
thought of what it feels like to be with
that one you would most like to cuddle
it works best it works best if it's
somebody that you have an actual
relationship with or you can remember it
and you have good feelings about it not
something you broke up with ideally but
you have something there's only positive
so I will be gauging of Christina as I
as I often do while I'm hugging my my
pillow and of course it's the rest of
you
I know how hard it is for all of you but
I want you to take a moment to feel
sorry for me not only can I not be with
my fiancee but by terrible luck she is
the most attractive human being in the
multiverse now it'd probably be easier
not to see her if she if she were not so
darn lovely and if I didn't love her so
much and if she were not so incredibly
attractive but that's my / thats my my
personal hell but i do get to spend time
with you that's not nothing and tonight
when you go drifting off you're gonna
remember the oxytocin trick and you're
gonna feel almost like a tingle you're
gonna feel some of you not all of you
and not all the time but some of you are
going to feel it when you get in the
zone
and you can feel the warmth than me yeah
you're just comfortable and you're
thinking about that person you must want
to hug and you feel like a little tingle
it'll be like a little almost like a
blush that comes across some part of
your body it could be different
everybody's a little different so you
might feel a little sore in your head or
your neck I have a little tingle on your
arms but that's how you know you're in
the zone and tonight you're gonna have
one of the best sleeps of your life and
you wake up feeling a little bit better
than normal
you might not know why but it's a little
thing called oxytocin have a great night
I'll see you in the morning