[Music]
hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
a coffee with Scott Adams I'm Scott
Adams and you are probably ready with
your
coffee unless you're running on the
beach or on your you might be on a
treadmill you might be running for the
coffee maker right now saying I better
grab this quick quick quick quick pour
my coffee it's almost time for the
simultaneous sip because it
is and please join me now with your cup
your mug your Stein your chalis your
thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous
up
ah so let's talk about the news in no
particular order
so there was a headline that caught my
attention on
CNN and it was a conversation between
two of the CNN hosts Don Lemon Chris
guomo and headline was if you want Trump
out vote him out I think this is from
their conversation after the show maybe
two days ago so this is a headline in
CNN from The Two Hosts if you want Trump
out vote him
out isn't that a weird headline for a
news
organization because it's not talking
about other
people it's not even news about anything
outside of
CNN so it's Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon
talking to each other to CNN hosts and
then they say well if you want Trump out
here's the way to do it does that sound
unbiased to
you now what kind of news organization
starts with well if you want to get rid
of the president let me tell you how
here's the best way to do it I know you
want to use the impeachment but let's
let's just use the voting thing because
I got you back we'll we'll make sure
that people vote for The Other
Side that's not even trying that's not
even trying to be uh objective but I
guess nobody's
surprised you were of course many of you
were following The
Saga of uh my attempts and and Joel
Pollock is attempting as
well to get CNN's
attention to see if they'll stop
reporting the fake news the worst fake
news maybe of the
century I don't know I I was I was
wondering if the is the
Charlottesville fine people
hoax the best hoax of the
century I'd like to see if anybody else
has a better suggestion and you know
I'll tell you what I might do maybe
maybe we should run some kind of a poll
I think I'll run a Twitter poll right
after this and I'll ask people what what
they think was the best hoax of the
whole Century in my mind the
Charlottesville fine people hoax might
be the best one well the Russian
hoax yeah yeah the Russian hoax might be
the best
one gosh there're a lot of choices
aren't they can you think of any hoaxes
prior to the the current political
situation Gulf of tonen maybe yeah wmds
in Iraq yeah I guess that still wins
right but you know the the wmds in
Iraq was more about just being
wrong um and there are slight
differences in the fake news some fake
news people are just wrong they just
have the wrong answer some fake news is
intentional
for
example I would say that the Russia
collusion fake news is just
intentional in other words the news
organizations in my opinion I'm I'm not
inside their heads but what it looks
like is the anti-trump news
organizations knew that they didn't have
anything but they for profit reasons uh
shaded it like there's probably
something there so I would say in that
case that was a conscious decision by
lots of different people who knew what
their self-interest was and sold the
Russian collusion or a little oversold
it but they knew what they were doing
they knew why they knew it wasn't true
didn't follow the facts but um they were
willing to go with it
anyway whereas here's my hypothesis
about the Charlottesville fine people
hoax if there's anybody new joining us
um the news often reports that Trump was
talking about the neo-nazis when he said
there were fine people in
Charlottesville but if you look at his
actual quote he's specifically exempts
them from that he talks about them
specifically and says they're not part
of the fine people and that part is just
not reported so they report it like he
was calling racist fine
people so I've I've looked into this a
little bit and based on my my Insider
knowledge if you will of CNN here here's
my best
guess I believe that they and many of
many of the citizens have an actual
false
memory which is a little different from
normal fake news and more interesting
really a false memory is sort of like
people who were sure that Nelson Mandela
was dead because they remember it or
people who are sure that some other
celebrity died because they remember it
specifically but it never happened so
there there are other things like that
where people
remember very specifically a thing that
didn't happen and I think that that what
is happening with the uh CNN's uh
continued reporting of the fake news
that they actually they actually believe
it happened so my best hypothesis and
this and I've got some pretty strong
backing for this don't ask me how but my
hypothesis is that CNN actually believes
it and they believe it because they
actually remember
it even though it didn't happen because
when you see when you talk to the uh the
folks on social media the most common
thing that you hear from them when you
say that it's a it's fake news and that
it's a hoax the most common response is
I heard it with my own
ears and then you show them the actual
quote and they can see with their own
eyes that what they heard with their own
ears or they think they remember hearing
with their own ears didn't happen so
there are a whole bunch of people who
have an actual memory of an event that
never happened and they can you can know
for
sure let me ask you this in your
personal life since the dawn of text
messaging all right so only since text
messaging became you know part of our
natural fabric of Life how many times
have you had this
experience you're having a conversation
usually with a loved one might be a
family member and one of you makes a
claim of something that happened or did
not ever happen in other words you're
doing you're texting back and forth and
one of you
says but you said you were going to
throw me a birthday party tomorrow
whatever the claim is it doesn't matter
and the other person says no that never
happened and then you look back through
the text messages and you find out for
sure and you find out that one of you
had a false
memory how many times since the dawn of
text messaging have you personally had
the experience of having a false memory
that you could prove to yourself Beyond
a doubt you had a false
memory because you could go back in the
text message and actually see very
clearly that you remembered something
backwards
twice this week to
me just this week I I think two times
this week I've had the experience where
somebody went back in a text message and
found something that they remembered
very
specifically that just never happened
now before text
messaging yeah so you you see in the
text uh you can see in the comments here
how many people have had that before the
da of text messaging how would you have
solved that conundrum where there's the
two of you and you have completely
different
memories somebody said women do it
routinely it's not just women if you
think it's just women you have a an
additional cognitive thing you need to
work through
because let me let me back up and put it
this way I I often think that the way
you can understand where people are in
their journey to greater awareness is
the people who say um you know I'm right
and you're wrong probably are at the
lowest level of
awareness the people who say who say we
we both might be wrong or at a higher
level of awareness so I always keep that
in mind so anybody who's 100% sure the
other side is 100% wrong are probably
operating at the lowest level of
understanding of just how the world
Works um
so one of the things I told you is that
uh our understanding of our place in
reality would change fairly quickly and
in the age of trump and one of the
things that's changing is our
understanding of false memories now we
it's always been a thing for I know my
whole life I've been seeing stories
about false memories and I've been
hearing this great story of a false
memory and every once in a while
there'll be a big story story about a
false memory but here's what diff what's
different since the dawn of text
messaging you can find out how often it
happens you couldn't know before before
if you if a scientist came on and said
hey false memories are common what would
you as an audience member say yeah I'm
sure they're common for other
people I don't have any false memories
but I'm pretty sure other people are
having those false memories all over the
place look at those other people people
man I guess the problem is other people
are
stupid that would have been a perfectly
reasonable
conclusion 20 years ago 20 years ago if
you were you were supplied with many
examples of people who had false
memories you'd
say those
idiots but now you have tax messaging so
you've had the experience over and over
and and email too
you've had the experience of proving to
yourself that your memory can be
opposite and once you learn that your
memories are often false as well your
understanding of reality
changes now
uh so anyway so my my assumption about
CNN is that the reason their reporting
is so sticky on the fine people thing is
not because they think it's a clever
political Ploy you know it's it's good
for their side politically for sure but
that's not probably probably not the
base problem the base problem seems to
be that they remember something that
didn't
happen now when you show them the uh the
actual transcript I have no idea what
happens in their heads because imagine
you're a CNN host and somebody says
you've been reporting fake news used for
2 years and they of course say of course
I'm not I remember it happening I'm
reporting what happened that that's just
clean as they can get and then you show
them the transcript and they can look
and they can see that it didn't happen
it's right there in the transcript it's
it could not be more
clear what what what would their brain
do when presented with
that well I'll tell you what they won't
do oh I guess I've been wrong for two
years let me correct that there isn't
the slightest chance that can happen
because we're too cognitively invested
there is what I would call a cognitive
expense to admitting you're wrong in
public about something that's so
important and you've said so many times
the cognitive expense to say you were
wrong after all of that is overwhelming
so you should not expect CNN to change
because
brains are just not that flexible this
is this is a real um scientific
phenomenon and I think that someday
there will be scientific Papers written
about how people could be so wrong about
their memories on the fine people stuff
all right enough about that um so TR
Trump
vetoed the attempt to stop his executive
action on wall
funding um I'm going to call this a huge
win for the president even if the
Supreme Court knocks it down which I
think they
won't my guess is that they won't knock
it down they might but he wins either
way here's why so remember that the uh
the controversial part is is that he was
um I I think he my point is he still has
budget to build wall either way so he's
so he'll start building some wall no
matter what if the Supreme Court says oh
this part of that funding you can't have
he'll still be on his way to building
wall he's he still got the budget
request for the following
years there's plenty to fight
about
um CNN website report is where the
dossier I don't know what that's
about so my point is that Trump has
proven to his base that he will he will
go all the way to the mat for the wall I
think that's all he has to do I think
that his base will be happy that whoever
you know if there's somebody else who
might replace him as
president who's a Democrat there's
almost no chance that the Democrat will
do more than Trump has done and will do
for the Border because so and those will
be the only choices for president you'll
have president Trump who tried hard even
if he didn't get you what you wanted you
could see the effort you could see the
risk the political Capital you know the
effort the creativity I mean he tried
everything it's all
there no Democrats going to do that in
fact at least one of them wants to take
down some wall B
[Music]
so um do you know that uh Betto means
veto in in Spanish
did you know that Betto is Spanish for
veto no that's not true but you could
convince a lot of people it
was so there's no truth to that um but
the people who don't speak Spanish are
going to say yeah they probably use a b
instead of a v I'll bet that is what
that means yeah Beto is veto now what's
clever about that from a persuasion
point of view is that no one likes a
veto so even if even if the only thing
that happened was you started repeating
those words in your head Betto veto no
Betto doesn't mean veto your your brain
will lose the doesn't because your brain
sees you know the concepts and the
people and the things it doesn't retain
as well the connecting words like don't
and isn't it it just forgets those uh
I'm exaggerating a little bit
but if you if you force people to say in
their
heads Betto and veto and it makes you
wonder how to pronounce Betto you'll
forget is it is it BTO oh it's
Beto is it veto beo
vetoo and then you'd be mispronouncing
his name apparently I've been Mis
pronouncing his name for the whole time
I
guess let's talk about the uh
president's reaction to New Zealand and
the horrific shooting in the Muslim
Mosque 49 people I think is the death
count horrible
probably probably one of the most
horrible things that's ever happened
anywhere if you don't count uh the 50
beheaded heads that they found in Isis
territory recently but just one of the
most horrific things and then the
president had a new chance to say the
right thing so it was a brand new
opportunity for president Trump to say
the right thing on race and on Muslims
and to to maybe you know reset reset our
belief about the president so you don't
you know you would never ask for this
opportunity but it happened and it was
just a new time to totally reset and say
pres this is President Trump this is
what he thinks about this and and he's
right with the world and and the world
had a very specific idea what they
wanted from their president you know we
all had an idea you know what is it
you're going to say that would be in the
category of the right thing to say you
know it's a it's a big category so
there's like the right things to say big
category and then there's the wrong
things to say another big category so
how hard is it to land in the right area
in other words if you got big area that
would be the right things to say and a
big area that would be all the wrong
things to say is it really hard to land
in the middle of somewhere in the middle
of the right things to say I don't think
that's
hard the president however did not land
in the category of the right things to
say he he he squandered in other
opportunity to make things better and in
fact made things worse let me tell you
how
so um so one of the reporters asked the
president um if they if he was worried
about a rise in white supremacy
movements around the
world okay now remember so you're the
president and somebody says are you
worried about the rise of white
supremacy around the world and just and
and keep in mind that a an avowed white
supremacist had just killed 49 Muslims
in a horrific attack
and you're the president and somebody
says are you concerned about the rise of
white nationalist
violence there's a big field of right
things to
say yes for example yes I'm
concerned yes we have to look at this
yes we should be looking at this problem
yes it could be a problem big big
category of right ways to answer that
question and what did the president
say nothing in that category that big
category of right things to say nothing
in there he said no he said it's a small
problem he said specifically
uh he was he said he was blaming a small
group of people quote with very very
serious
problems in other words he minimized it
man that was
wrong that was so
wrong that maybe maybe his biggest
mistake since I've been following him um
remember I said that when uh Sarah
Sanders had a chance recently in a press
conference to correct the record on the
fine people hoax and she she missed it
and I said that's just about one of the
worst missed opportunities or mistakes
you've ever
seen within a
week the president gets this underhanded
soft pitch just like hey are you
concerned about white supremacy after a
white supremacist just killed 49 Muslims
here here's a softball we'll do it a
little
slower here we'll do it really slow all
right get ready get ready to hit it it's
going to be really slow here you go here
you go and the president did this
he let it go it was the softest pitch
anybody ever sent his way all he had to
do was say damn right I'm
concerned hell yes I'm
concerned now why didn't
he wait a minute wait a minute there
there's there's a uh there's a Twist to
my story before you get mad at me
there's a Twist so you say to yourself
okay now how do I interpret the fact
that he had such a soft pitch and he
didn't even swing at
it one interpretation is he loves those
white nationalists maybe he's one of
them maybe he doesn't or doesn't want to
make them mad maybe he's secretly a big
old racist and he just can't bring
himself to say something bad about a guy
who killed or or or a category in which
one person killed 49 people 49
Muslims so it plays into the worst thing
you could think about him but why did he
do it is it because he's
dumb is it because he didn't see it
coming like it was a clever trap is it
because he's a big old racist and he
doesn't care if you know is it any of
those it's something else
here's what it
is and I'll bet none of you saw
this all right tell tell me in the
comments if any of you saw this the
reason he
minimized the rise of white supremacy is
let's see if you can get the answer what
is the reason that President Trump
minimized the rise of white
nationalist violence somebody's saying
never apologize that's not it not
worried not it
they want to blame Trump for it thank
you somebody got it right um watch how
many of you did not realize why he got
trapped here's the
Trap the assumption is that white
nationalist uh violence is because of
President Trump so the unstated setup to
the question is you president Trump are
the cause of white nationalist violence
that's the understood part now do you
think it's going
up because if the president said white
nationalist violence is going up they
would then say the news is the president
takes responsibility without taking
responsibility for the rise in white
nationalist violence against Muslims
they would have reported that the
president admitted that he's the reason
that Muslims got murdered in New Zealand
that's what they would have reported was
it dumb for
him to play Down the rise in white
nationalism probably he blew the call so
probably he blew
it but there was a way you I mean there
was a way to handle it without blaming
himself he could have said it's very
troubling and you know we cannot
tolerate violence against Muslims
something has to be done for done about
it but let's not blame you know let's
not blame the the United States or let's
not blame me for it so he was trapped by
the question because either way he
answered the question he was going to be
wrong and he was going to be wrong in a
big way so if you heard that and you
said to yourself there is no other
reason that he would go he would
minimize the white nationalist violence
there's no other reason except that he
must be a racist
you're missing the most obvious reason
the most obvious reason he minimized it
is because they're blaming him
for it they're blaming him for it of
course he's going to say it's not that
bad what the hell would you say in that
situation you know if you got blamed for
mass murders you'd say well I I don't
know that they're going up
necessarily maybe you know not that bad
so uh
so the bottom line on that is that he
completely blew it on that question and
you can't be happy about that but don't
believe that was a simple a simple
question that was a question that he was
going to get hammered either way there
was no right answer for him politically
but he still blew up all right
um let's see
yeah was going to say something I don't
want to say um there's a trend I just
saw in the news toward honeymooning
alone have you heard that um they use
the honeymooning alone headline just to
make the story sound interesting but the
the larger story was Couples who who are
traveling or vacationing alone so
there's a growing Trend toward people
traveling alone even if they have a
partner and the idea is that people
don't like to go to the same places they
don't like to do the same same stuff and
this is part of a larger
problem which has to do with the amount
of choice we have in this country so if
you went back a couple hundred years and
you said okay it's it's 7 o'clock at
night and we don't have you know we
don't have
electricity and we're living on the farm
there weren't many things to do so the
family would probably look at each other
and say 'what do you want to do and
they'd say I don't know let how about
somebody hum and the rest of us will
square dance or something and everybody
goes well I don't have a SmartPhone I
don't have a radio I don't have a TV I
don't have the better idea so somebody
home and the rest of us are square dance
and then the family's
like they're squared dancing away and
suddenly they're they're busy and
they're having a good time Etc because
they had no other choices there was just
nothing else to do fast forward to
modern times I have a million choices of
things to do with my time just on my
phone alone I've got unlimited like
literally infinite things I can do just
in the thing in my pocket not to mention
my other sources of entertainment the
places I can go the people I can see so
I've developed very specific preferences
about the food I want to eat the movies
I want to see the the entertainment I
want to consume Etc so if you put any
two people in the same room and you say
all right you two decide what you want
to do with each
other it's not easy anymore try to find
two people in the world who want to
watch the same TV show or the same movie
at the same time now you can find people
who want to watch the same movie but try
to find them
that they want to watch it at the same
time it's not easy anymore try to take
anybody out to
eat if if you've just met it's easy
because you don't try to get too picky
the first time you go out the lunch so
let's say you're having a lunch meeting
with some associate that's easy you just
say oh meet me at the Italian place
because everybody eats Italian it's just
easy but if you're a
couple you never want to eat at the same
place at the same time you might both
like sushi you might both like Italian
food you might both like Chinese
food but do you want it at the same time
never so what's happened is we've
created a world with so many choices
that we've become very picky about what
we do and when and then you throw throw
throw two people together and you say
all right the rule is that you have to
do something together because you're a
couple couple do things together what do
you want to do and you can't find things
that people want to do together anymore
it becomes almost
impossible to be a couple and also do
things together let me ask you this how
do you I want your your your
relationship
advice let's say you're a couple doesn't
matter if you're married living together
whatever but you have to be in the same
household and um you think to yourself
it's let's say it's a weekend or
whatever and you think to yourself I
think I would like to go do something
with my spouse so you go find your
spouse and what is your spouse doing
when you find them well in every case
your spouse is not just sitting there
nobody in a couple is just sitting there
thinking I hope somebody comes and asks
me what I'm doing because then we can
make some plans and we'll do something
there always is doing something so you
find your spouse and your spouse is
let's say cleaning the garage and you
say hey do you want to do you want to go
um for a drive and your spouse says yeah
sure that'd be great as soon as I finish
the garage well how long will that take
well I don't
know so you so you say come find me when
you're done with the garage so the
person cleans the garage and goes and
finds you and says hey I'm done with the
garage um let's go for a drive what does
the spouse say well I just started
watching this show how about after the
show and then the other one says I don't
want to watch that show so I think I'll
go run a chore and then the TV show is
done and then you go all right where
where are you I'm done with my TV show
let's do something and you realize your
spouse is at the store so you wait for
them to come back to the store but since
then you've started dinner so you can't
drop what you're doing because you've
already started boiling but you see
where I'm going right in my experience
two people can almost never be on the
same page because somebody's always
doing something and they need to finish
it and by the and you're not just going
to wait so you end up doing something
and then you know Etc do you have this
[Music]
problem shooting is great to do together
yeah that actually is a good thing to do
together now it's not this is not an
issue about me and my Rel relationship
this is an issue about every
relationship and every person it's a
generic oh the point is that being a
couple is uh far harder than it ever was
before because before it was you didn't
have options like if you got married it
probably be hard to find somebody else
to marry anyway so you might as well
stick with what you got today you've got
the internet you could find you know
other options Etc and there's too much
too many choices so it's hard to be a
CLE that's all I'm saying all right
um let's see what else is happening oh
so the Betto news Betto oror is that
apparently he was a member of a a hacker
group when he was 18 and under
teenager and you know the hackers of
course can do illegal things but not
necessarily so hacking hacking doesn't
necessarily mean you're doing illegal
things but probably
so and then I guess he admitted that he
was part of the hacker group because he
could unlock features of games he could
break games so
basically we know that when he was a
teenager he was a professional thief of
intellectual
property so
Beto has acknowledged that he was
actually a
thief because he stole uh intellectual
property now here here's the interesting
thing about that everybody knows that
you know people of a certain age
probably downloaded some music or stole
some games or whatever it's so Universal
that you would just assume anybody in an
age group probably did a little bit but
suppose you're trying to be a
Democrat and to be a Democrat means that
you have to be okay with
Hollywood is Hollywood okay supporting
somebody who was a professional thief of
Hollywood
material so if your job you know he was
basically you know a
Serial
uh serial thief of Hollywood property
now I say Hollywood just to stand in for
entertainment it may have been more
video games but it's all intellectual
property and he was acknowledged to be a
thief of intellectual property now of
course everybody in his age group you
most of them anyway are in the same
category but because he's famous for it
you have to wonder now the other thing
is that his I guess his hacker name was
psychedelic something Warrior Psy it
doesn't matter what the second word is
but it was psychedelic something and so
somebody said I wonder if he's ever
dropped
acid let me let me tell you
something let me ask
you if you've seen
Betto has he done
hallucinogenics has Betto
oror ever done LSD or other
hallucinogenics go anybody who's ever
done
hallucinogenics will have an advantage
in answering this
question what what do you think do you
think he's done
hallucinogenics I'm going to say if
there's anything I could ever bet on
that I would make a a large bet I would
say yes now if you think this is going
to be a criticism well you're wrong I'm
not it would not be a criticism and in
fact I might even prefer it it might be
a
plus let me tell you why I feel
this is why I feel he's done
hallucinogenics maybe maybe you could
say in the
comments what evidence do you
have that he's done
hallucinogenics now some of it might be
just the way he talks right so he's got
sort of
a surfer
skateboarder kind of a way that he talks
and so that alone would make you biased
toward thinking oh well he's he's done
some some lucid enics I'll tell you what
tells me he's done the Lucin
genics what tells me is that he doesn't
seem to see the barriers that other
people see about
himself that's always the tell so here's
the tell for somebody who's done
hallucinogenics they think their
barriers are
artificial think about it there the
people who think that the barrier on
their own success are artificial meaning
that he can break through them and and
in this case he could become a
president with a very light
resume now do you think that BTO thinks
he could become president of the United
States with such a a weak
resume yeah he does he totally does he
totally thinks that he could be
president of the United States with a
weak resume and and his lankiness and
his and his weirdness and everything
like that and you know what he's not
entirely
wrong so the one of one of the uh the
Tells for somebody who has experienced
hallucinogens is that they see the world
around them as somewhat
artificial meaning that they know it's a
construct of their own mind once you
realize that your experience is to a
large extent a construct of your own
mind then you can start removing
barriers so you can say to yourself yes
it does seem in the normal world that it
would be impossible for me to become the
president of the United
States with my
resume but I've taken hallucinogens and
I know that this barrier I'm looking at
just right in front of me I mean it's is
obvious as anything what could be more
obvious than you can't become president
of the United States if you don't have a
good resume
that's pretty obvious right not if
you've done if you've done hallucinogens
it's not obvious meaning that you can
see more
possibilities so my take on Betto is
that he has done some hallucinogens
because he acts like a person who
doesn't seem
barriers that's my take now could be
wrong could be wrong about
anything let me tell you how weird my
world is
um let's call this the Candice Owens
effect uh I'm going to give this a name
because you know any kind of effect
always has a a name I like to put a
famous name on this I'm going to call it
the Candice Owens effect and the way
that goes is that you think you're a
person who talks about the news and then
you just become the
news so the New Zealand Shooter had this
long uh uh what do you call it that the
document he he read uh what do you call
it Manifesto so the New Zealand shooter
wrote a Manifesto in which he mentioned
uh Candace Owens among among other
things and I'm thinking poor Candace
Owens she's just minding her own
business you know trying to trying to do
well for the country managing her career
got a lot going on you know she's got
speaking opportunity she's got her new
show which is great by the way her new
show on prageru is is terrific the one I
saw anyway um she's just minding her own
business and then she sees in the news
that there's a mass shooting in New
Zealand and it's the biggest news in the
world and she's just watching the news
like anybody watches the news and she
like ah this is horrific probably having
the same thoughts everybody else is like
oh my God this is just the worst thing
and then as she's watching the news the
news starts talking about
her imagine what that felt like
she's watching the news about something
that seems like it could not have
anything to do with her and suddenly
she's in the middle of the story just
minding her own business on the other
side of the world and suddenly she's in
the middle of this New Zealand mass
murder story anyway so I'm going to call
that the Candice Owens effect where you
think you're an observer of the news but
suddenly you are the news and how many
times have you seen that happen with me
I will talk about the news and then I
guess sucked into the story because I
said something that was either
interesting or quotable or
whatever so I had a version of that
today uh there's a um in the climate
climate change conversation one of the
big names on the I don't want to call
him the skeptical side because that's
not quite what his his deal is but
you've heard of Bjorn
lomborg he uh he talks about the
economics and the risk management of
climate change so he's not criticizing
climate change on the scientific part so
he's he's not saying that your science
is wrong he's saying that your own
estimates science are for not much of a
problem and which is a point I made
which is why I've tweeted him before and
so when I watched the story about um
climate I'm looking at these names of
peoples and I'm and then I start talking
about it but I open my Twitter this
morning and and I've got a message from
beorn
lomber so I think I'm just watching the
news and then bejor lomberg sends me a
personal
message and I'm thinking well how the
hell is I'm in this weird world where I
think I'm a an observer but then I'm
somehow sucked into the story now in
this case it was in a very minor way he
had he wrote a tweet thread which I um
which I just tweeted and his tweet
thread was in response to the children
who left school and went on a school
strike to protest not enough action on
climate change and it's a long thread in
which he's making the case that um the
the real risk if you're just talking
about risk management is way
overblown that they're just doing the
numbers wrong and it's pretty obvious to
to see that and when I say they're doing
the numbers wrong I mean the way it's
reported so if you take the ipcc's own
estimate of how bad things are going to
be if you just hear the news report it
you say my God that sounds bad the way
you reported it but if you actually look
at the the ipcc's numbers what it
forgets is that the the standard of
living increases no matter what I mean
it's it's pretty guaranteed because it's
been going on forever but the Human
Experience just gets better and better
and even if there's a part of it that
that is getting worse the is going to be
dwarfed by how much better things are
and the classic example of
that is that the deaths the human deaths
from things like floods and hurricanes
and natural disasters used to be Skyhigh
because you couldn't see them coming you
had bad
structures and there wasn't time to get
out and you just got hit and you know
thousands of people are dead from the
hurricane in the old days but now we
have warning we have better buildings we
have better roads we have
transportation you know and so people
just get out and likewise if you get
injured the odds of dying from your
injuries are now lower because we have
good health care Etc so if you look at
the graph of people who died from
natural disasters it used to be Skyhigh
and it's gone sharply down every year so
right now have the lowest risk of dying
in a natural disaster of all of humanity
like way way lower it's not even close
it was like used to be way up here and
now it's way down
here my one
criticism with beorn is that he I don't
feel like he gives enough attention to
the other side's best
points so you always have to be
suspicious if somebody is attacking the
weak points and not the strong points so
the weakest point of the climate crisis
if you will the weakest argument is that
they've done a good job of calculating
what the economics will be in a 100
years right that's a terrible argument
hey we know what the economy will be
doing in regards to climate change for
the next hundred years that's a weak
argument because nobody can make that
kind of an estimate it doesn't account
for technological change it's it's just
ridiculous argument so Bor mostly goes
after the ridiculous part of their
argument but there's another part of the
argument uh that I haven't seen him go
after and that would make sense because
that's not his domain and that is that
the climate will get so bad that
economics aside you can't live on the
planet so that's the real problem so
it's gone from this will be very
expensive
uh you know that used to be what I
worried about so my God the economics of
climate change are terrible and then
then you realize that we'll probably
have the wherewithal to get people out
of danger before they die even if things
do go bad because we got roads and early
warnings and money and all those things
but it seems that the climate change
argument has is starting to um maybe
focus a little bit on the issue of say
the the coral dying and things that
allegedly and I know there's
disagreement on this but things that
allegedly would be impossible to come
back from in other words that the uh
that the environment could no longer be
self- sustaining so it wouldn't matter
how much money you had because you
couldn't spend it you'd be dead because
the climate would be unsupportable you
couldn't grow food
Etc so I don't know how likely it is
that those things will happen my my
sense of it is that's a pretty low risk
but I wanted to read you uh a quote from
an article that uh I think I tweeted
this morning but this is the first
chapter from an article and it's in
quillet and it's about climate change
listen to this first uh chap first uh
paragraph the fact that belief in
climate change in the US tends to
correlate with political affiliation and
that's true right people tend to line up
Republican and Democrat on their belief
about climate change so the fact that in
climate change in the US tends to
correlate with political affiliation
should tell you that we are not
objectively interpreting the
science that does tell you that right
now what's what's the what's the low
level of awareness way to interpret the
fact that people think they're looking
at science
but it's obvious that they're just
lining up by political parties what's
the lowlevel way to interpret that well
the lowlevel way to interpret that is
that one side are
idiots right so that's the way most of
us believe right both sides the
Democrats and Republicans to the extent
that they have different views on
climate change mostly they think the
other side are idiots that's the lowest
level of understanding about your
reality
here's the highest here's the higher
level we're not making decisions based
on facts and reason the fact that both
sides are lined up by political
preference is a very strong
indication or confirmation of everything
that at least psychologists know about
human
beings it is a complete illusion that
people are making decisions based on the
facts as they know him so for example
one side will say well 97% of scientists
agree so I'm taking that side so it
sounds like they listen to some facts
and said well that's a pretty good fact
I'm G to I'm going to go with that but
nothing like that has happened because
that same fact doesn't work in the other
political
party if if facts made any difference
the same fact would have the same the
same impact for both political parties
so the only thing we can know for
sure is that both sides are ignoring the
facts all right so the lowest level of
understanding of real reality is man
those people on in the other political
party are idiots because they can't see
the truth in these facts but both sides
are thinking that about each other if
you if that's where you are saying that
the other side are idiots because they
can't see the the truth of climate
science whichever side you're on you
think you have your truth you're at the
lowest level of awareness about your own
reality the higher level is that neither
side are using the facts or the reason
now that doesn't mean that some
scientists are not using facts and
reason because they're trained to do
that they have they have checks and
balances in terms of peer review and
trying to duplicate experiments Etc so
even though half the time they can be
wrong in science the stuff that's right
tends to be sticky and and stays around
for a
while um the only rational opinion you
should have about climate science is
that you can't trust
anybody you can't trust the science you
can't trust your interpretation of the
science which is more important is more
to the fact more to the point uh there
is uncertainty so the question is what
do you do when you can't
know so that that's where it gets
interesting if if you're talking to
somebody and they say you know you can't
know so is there any is there any path
that you would take under the condition
that you just can't know if it's a
problem small problem big problem end of
the world tiny problem you just can't
know so what do you do under that
situation well as luck would have it we
do have we do have paths that would be
independent of who's right and and of
course Generation 4 nuclear would be
that path because they're safe from
meltdowns um and they're economical and
it wouldn't be hard
to start building them apparently the
United States is building or us
companies are building four nuclear
reactors in
China so we know how to make nuclear
reactors like that's that's something we
know how to
do so there is a path to remediating the
risk of
climate uh you've got the CO2 CO2
capture technology that the government
has now funded some studies uh funded
some research into carbon capture so
that takes the carbon directly out of
the air if we ever need to and then the
government is also funding a nuclear
fuel flexible fuel test facility so they
can quickly test the best nuclear fuels
to build these new types of reactors
that don't have a risk of melting down
so those are two things that the
government is doing right now that are
directly on point because you don't have
to decide you do not have to decide who
has the right answer about climate you
can actually ignore that question
because the answer is the same both ways
you want your flexible nuclear fuel you
want to get as good as you can at that
technology no matter what no matter what
you still want that technology because
it's so
economically important it's it's going
to have an impact on uh pollution in
General on energy whether we can have
electric cars just
everything so that would be the highest
level of awareness I would say is to
argue it on the level of you just don't
know but there might be a big problem
and the path is the same no matter what
the path is the same no matter what if
you don't if if somebody isn't saying
something like that
they're not really using any kind of
logic or or reason to get to their
decision all right uh I think that's all
for now does anybody have any questions
I've got some exciting um announcements
coming out about my startup uh whenhub
and interface and I think you're going
to like it so we've got a something
exciting coming on that and I just have
to confirm a few things before I can
announce it and then we'll have
fun uh you can capture CO2 but you have
to put in more energy in than you get
out not if you use nuclear so if you had
a nuclear option for taking the uh
carbon out of the air you probably would
be economical but I don't need to answer
that question you know it's important
that people are working on trying to
figure those to solve those
economics uh
all
right I think that's all for now and I
will talk to you later