bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum guess what I have in my hand no it's
coffee and I'm about to sip it in many
cases it will be simultaneous with your
own savage at home and you know what
kind of sewage is the best simultaneous
wait fake-out grab your coffee grab your
coffee quick here we go
that's good simultaneous coffee so
looking at the news today seeing what's
new and it seems that well let's start
with one observation you know when all
of the the yani versus Laurel stuff
happened
it felt like it was this big moment of
awareness like the the world had gone to
a new level where we realized that
there's no so it was not so much right
and wrong but rather we're just seeing
two movies that are completely different
and I thought that I thought the public
was kind of picking up on that and then
yesterday I watched a guest on might
have been Chris Wallace's show and he
used the Laurel and yannis analogy is an
analogy or a metaphor
I don't know what it is but he was using
it as I guess an analogy to politics and
saying well these people politically are
hearing yani these others are hearing
Laurel and I'm thinking to myself yes
yes that's it you know even the pundits
on TV now understand that we're all
hearing different things and then he
says but the smart people are all
hearing Yanni
we were so close so close to a new level
of awareness so close or I thought maybe
we were never close but that the key
learning of Yanni and Laurel as applied
to the larger world is that we're all
seeing our own interpretation of things
and that the old model of some people
are smart or well-informed and some
people are dumb or uninformed is
completely a debunked model of reality
and I thought we had it and still this
pundit says yeah but all the smart
people here Yanni and I swear to God he
meant it oh my god anyway so let's talk
about a couple of more Yanni and laurels
if we can call them that one is that it
wasn't long ago that there was this
story about a thing called Russian
collusion have you heard of it now in my
movie and probably the movie that many
of you are watching there was an
accusation of presidential collusion
with Russia but no evidence for it and
it seems pretty clear that at this point
we would have heard it it would have
leaked or you know we'd see some action
on that but it hasn't happened now so in
my movie Russia and collusion is
essentially debunk even though we don't
know the final molar report we would see
far more hints that there was something
brewing I think then we're seeing but
people who don't see that movie are
seeing a different movie that has a plot
that goes like this because a bunch of
unimportant at least at the moment
unimportant people did other things and
committed other crimes
therefore this claim which has nothing
to do with any of this
has been proven what let me say that
again so the other movie the one I'm not
watching says that this claim of
collusion is essentially true because
people did unrelated things now I don't
know how to process that because my
movie that doesn't even make any sense
but people are saying this with a
straight face and not only a few people
it's close to a universal at least two
people watching that movie it's it's
essentially a universal observation and
I shake my hand every time I hear it I
go oh you don't know that makes no sense
at all really I and sometimes you can't
tell if they're pretending that it makes
sense but my my filter on the world says
they actually think it makes sense
they're there in their little bubble
where that makes sense in their movie
somehow I don't know how that script
actually makes sense but to them it does
now or as I say yeah I might be wrong
about the thing we're talking about but
I'm totally right about an unrelated
fact all right so you've got those two
movies running then you see that the
President Trump has decided to go on the
offensive now here's where it gets
interesting in my movie it seems
unambiguously true but again when I say
something is unambiguously true well I
mean all I mean is that it's completely
consistent within the movie I'm watching
which has nothing to do with base
reality alright but one of the movies
will probably be more predictive than
the others so that's that's the standard
I use to say which one is more likely
that the true version of reality well
it's the one that predicts best what
happens next if the if one version of
the movie is that there was collusion
then you would expect Muller to indict
the
president or or at least to present a
report that says there's collusion so
that's one movie so that would predict
that Muller is going to have some bad
news before September or say about
President Trump in the other movie
it appears that Brendan was behind some
some kind of either formal or loose coup
attempt in which a group of intelligence
people were we're up to no good to cause
a little trouble that would cause some
investigation into Trump that would
involve him getting caught for something
it didn't matter what I don't think I
think they just needed him to be caught
doing something yeah the insurance plan
but here's the thing I gotta say that
within my movie not necessarily a
reflection of any kind of base of
reality but just what I see it does look
like Brennan was the ringmaster of a
large conspiracy to take over the
country and the biggest scandal that our
democracy has ever ever experienced
that's what it looks like it looks
exactly like that and it looks like
Great Britain was in on it now here's
here's my question to you the fact that
it looks exactly like that doesn't mean
it happened and I'm not even sure it
means it more likely happen than not
because unfortunately if you're being
honest about your Yanni's and your
laurels if you actually understand what
confirmation bias means and you're not
simply applying it to the other team and
saying well I'm the smart people over
here we don't ever have any confirmation
bias I guess we're so smart
it only affects those other people with
their dumb opinions be careful because
the certainty that you and I am feeling
that it is in fact a gigantic ooh
thing and that Brennan was behind it and
clapper was behind it and Comey was in
on it instruct was it not and mi6 was in
on it those things do look exactly like
they're true but that doesn't mean
anything it just doesn't it just doesn't
mean anything
so your certainty that all of these
little clues about Brendan and clapper
and things your certainty that they all
fit together and there's no other way to
explain it doesn't mean anything it just
doesn't it could be true but it doesn't
necessarily have to be now let me give
you some versions of reality that could
also be true one version of reality and
I find this to be the most compelling
one goes like this that that the people
involved if they were involved in trying
to dig up something on Trump to remove
him from office or prevent him from
taking office was probably some weird
combination of wanting to keep their
jobs being on a certain team
philosophically and also maybe
legitimately believing what the press on
their side was telling them imagine if
you will just just a little thought
experiment imagine if you will that you
believed everything that CNN and MSNBC
had been telling you for a year and a
half just just imagine now I know that
none of you believed anything on CNN and
MSNBC cuz chances are if you're watching
this periscope you're not a big believer
in those two networks but imagine if you
did imagine if you believed it that that
an actual monster was coming to office
and he was going to destroy the Republic
at the same time he destroyed the entire
world what would you do well you might
be acting just to save your job and try
to remain the head of the CIA maybe
because people are people and people
care about their jobs and money does the
dry of people's decisions that might be
some percent
of what was driving people to do
whatever they did but the other
possibility is that it wasn't a coup in
the normal sense in their minds they may
have been saving the country now I
suppose everybody who does a coup thinks
they're doing it for the right reason
you know they think well I'm
overthrowing the evil regime so I'm the
good guys
if you look at the formation of this
country who are the most patriotic
people you think when you think Oh in
the history of the country who were the
greatest Patriots well there's a good
chance the greatest Patriots in your
mind are the people who were behind the
Revolution in the United States the
people who were literally traitors but
because they were traitors against a
dictator week who we have labeled as
evil we call them the founders and they
become you know the faces of our money
and their heroes and presidents and and
icons and we carve them into mountains
so the history of the United States is
that it's a coup if you don't like how
it goes and it's at a revolution for
freedom if you do like how it's going so
you can't say a coup as a kid it kind of
depends who you're overthrowing so if
you can imagine that the biggest problem
well let me back this up to make a point
if you think that the problem is that
there's something called a deep state
and that the deep state has this power
and they're trying to hold on to it
they're trying to trying to collude to
overthrow a legally elected president
that's possible that is one
interpretation this seems to fit the
facts
here's another interpretation that seems
to fit the facts the deep state are
Stooges to the news media people all
right imagine if you will that all these
folks like bread and clapper imagine
that they did do all the
things that the president and people who
were on his side are accusing them of
maybe doing imagine it all happened I'm
not saying it did but imagine it did
it's entirely possible that they were
just believing the media and that they
were not they were not independent
operators pursuing their own best
interest
you know without influence but rather
there are a very here's the persuasion
filter the persuasion filter says that a
small number of people influence
everything and the people who are being
influenced don't necessarily know who
was the influencer behind it all so let
me give you an example if if whoever is
the head of MSNBC was friends with
whoever's the head of CNN and CNN and
maybe New York Times in Washington Post
you'd only need to get about five six
people in a room who decided Jesus we've
got to change things this president
Trump thing is a disaster let's create a
narrative that that he's a monster and
maybe something good will happen under
that scenario the the active plotters
were the news media because they were
the ones who influenced everybody
including Brennan including clapper that
in fact in fact they're paying these
people clapper is actually getting a
paycheck from CNN there's a suspicious
I think Brennan is paid by NBC as a
suspicious so it may be that there were
there were these deep state actors who
did things exactly the way the accusers
are saying it's also possible none of
that happened the way we interpret it so
both of those movies are alive and well
and can exist with the facts that we
have you can keep your they didn't do
much except their job and the evidence
looks like that would support it you can
you can say yeah maybe it was a huge
coup attempt and they were all together
the evidence also supports that movie
completely different movie and there's a
third movie also completely supported by
the facts and I would argue perhaps
better which is there there are half a
dozen people in the media who have
decided what everyone on that side is
thinking likewise there are probably
only half a dozen people on the right
who influence how everybody thinks on
the right can you name them go they name
the people on the right who are the most
influential in creating the impression
of what's happening on the right right
so you you see that there's a fairly
small number of somebody said Hitler you
see there's a small number of names
going by now and I think those names are
certainly part of it but do you think
there's any name upstream from them in
other words is there somebody who's even
at a higher level of influence who's
influencing those half dozen people you
talked about who is influencing you know
Drudge Hannity Limbaugh you know Tucker
Carlson who you know who is influencing
all of them I don't know if there is
anybody but anyway the the notion here
is that the people doing the colluding
you know let's say there's some deep
deep state colluding if you take that
scenario that the people who are really
responsible for that might be the people
who are upstream the the persuaders who
persuaded them that this is actually a
good thing and not some kind of trees in
this thing all right let's talk about
North Korea we have two movies going on
with North Korea no surprise and those
two movies
our number-one North Korea is getting
flexible because they have to their
economy is being squeezed and they
really do want to get rid of their nukes
and become part of the national coverage
or the international world that's one
movie the other movie is that North
Korea never means it and they're playing
president Trump and they're flattering
him and they're getting them all worked
up about a Nobel Prize so that they can
then yank the football away like like
Lucy gangsta football from Charlie Brown
and that in the end but China never
meant it North Korea never meant it and
South Korea is a big ol sucker who
flattered President Trump and then
convinced convinced us to be suckers
which one of those two movies is real
both of them fit the facts I would argue
that they are both real meaning that
North Korea is keeping all options open
all the time until they have to you know
choose one so at the moment I believe
that North Korea is living in sort of a
Schrodinger's cat world in which they do
have a at least one mental model in
which they get rid of their nukes and
live in peace and another mental model
in which they say aha we figured out a
way to keep our nukes and not give
anything up and get some you know
financial easing or whatever so I think
that they legitimately have both options
alive which is a good place for them to
be because they're entering negotiations
so they want to be able to say well we
can walk away from this table anytime we
want now they've also put the president
in a bind because he's got the midterms
coming up he seems committed to having
promised to work out something good here
it would be very embarrassing if North
Korea walked away etc so what should the
United States do right now now let me
let me say right now that we don't know
all the conversations happening so we
don't know who really talked to whom we
don't know what what China's President
Xi said to Kim when he visited we don't
really know we're just speculating so
we're probably operating at no 70
percent knowledge at best about what's
going away so somebody just said to walk
away first that is correct
if if the information that we're getting
about the situation is largely correct
in other words North Korea is promising
us a little and then pulling it back and
promising and pulling it back and if
they still have life the intention that
they have a possibility of surviving and
keeping the nukes we should walk away
from the table so in my opinion we might
want to cancel the summit which is not
to say we won't ever have a summit but
at this point if North Korea doesn't
make a a distinct move to get rid of
some of their nukes
I believe the offer on the table is how
about you get rid of some of your nukes
because that's the only way will we know
you'll be serious about getting rid of
more of them if you're not willing to
get the rid of a little bit of them
we're not going to trust that you're
you're serious about getting rid of any
of them so if we can't get something
that looks like productive movement on
actually getting rid of something
nuclear or actually having an inspection
that sort of thing we should walk away
from the table and we should crash their
economy and make it make it China's
problem because if we're not willing to
crash their economy and literally
destroy their people and and send them
into mass starvation if we're not
willing to do that there's no point in
even negotiating the the whole point of
negotiating is that we're willing to
destroy their entire country
economically
and it seems to me that would be a
productive thing to do both for our
Iranian negotiations as for as for the
North Korea's ultimate peace we hope so
don't be surprised if the United States
walks away because if everything we know
right now is true and we don't hear new
information that North Korea is getting
you know more serious about really
getting rid of at least some nukes in
the short room sure if we if you don't
see that walking walking away from that
the summit would be the normal correct
way to handle it
and remember I told you that there's no
way you have this kind of negotiation at
this level with these individuals where
that was somebody walking away from the
table and maybe more than once so
walking away from the tables are given
and if if North Korea is not flexible
yet and part of the reason that they're
not flexible is that China is loosening
up on the sanctions which I believe
actually is happening we can go back to
sanctions let's just put time back on
our side so I for one and then am
willing to destroy the entire economy of
North Korea and have on my conscious
conscience all of the deaths that that
will cause so that I do not have to
worry about a nuclear bomb aimed at
California anymore so I'm pretty clear
on what I want and I'm sure there will
be disagreement all right
give peace a chance that's that's what
an economic embargo is that's giving
peace a chance
it's probably the best chance it has
okay um somebody said hang on what's
that mean does everybody have their
coffee yet is it time for the secondary
almost as important
the initial simultaneous hip you've got
your coffee let's do this prediction my
prediction is that North Korea will try
to embarrass president Trump by making
him get excited about a about a good
outcome and then he yanking it away and
then President Trump will crash their
economy and then when they come back to
negotiate they will get less than
whatever is on the table now so here's
my prediction that whatever we've
offered North Korea as of today they're
the final outcome will be they'll get
less of that because I think they're
gonna try to walk away or Jew or force
us to walk away by not negotiating I
think we will walk away and I think we
will right now we've got a boot on their
economy and I think we'll just stop so
look for some stomping boot on the neck
right now
stomping will be next phase I think Kim
needs to look out the window and see and
see people like crowds of people with
pitchforks until you see that he's
probably not going to be as serious all
right without China does the US have the
capability to crash North Korea's
economy well I'm no expert but Gordon
Chang who is an expert on this was
talking yesterday and says yes now we
may have to do it one of two ways
one of the ways we can do it is by
bringing down a major Chinese Bank or at
least threatening to do it so they get
out of the business of dealing with
North Korea so apparently there's still
four major banks in China dealing with
North Korea we might have to take down
one of them apparently China is not
getting serious about a lot of stuff in
our
oceans are still stealing technology and
other things so bringing down the
Chinese bank which you might have
thought was inconceivable not long ago
you have to say you have to put that on
the table now
and it wouldn't surprise me I think
we're at a we're probably at at least a
50% chance that our next move will
involve taking down a Chinese bank
because here's what we're not gonna do
we're not gonna walk away the only thing
I know we're not going to do is
capitulate
so both China and North Korea only have
two options which is how do you get to
the end state because the end state is a
given the the end state of North Korea
not being a nuclear threat that part is
a decision I've talked to you about this
before it's the difference between
wanting something and deciding you know
and my book had it failed almost
everything is to win big I talked about
that and the the basic decision says
when you want something you're not
really doing the hard stuff to get it
when you decide to do something then
you've decided that it doesn't matter
how hard it is it doesn't matter what it
costs decisions already made so on North
Korea I would I would say that the
United States has already decided so the
end state is already determined because
if the United States is willing to
sacrifice whatever it takes to get a
non-nuclear in North Korea it's going to
go that way and we have decided to do
that it is no longer something we wish
is something we're simply decided to do
how we get there is the only thing that
North Korea gets to decide at with
China's help I guess
um back to foreign leaders watch CNN
they'll reach bad decisions well foreign
leaders do follow all of our media and
so yes the entire world is being
influenced by CNN and you know New York
Times
etc how do you find out who is
influencing the right well who was in
charge of Fox News who is in charge of
The Drudge Report who is in charge of
Rush Limbaugh I show it you know it
seems to me that Rush Limbaugh he
doesn't seem like he's the man behind
the curtain
do you think so it doesn't feel like
that to me rush seems more like a
popular figure meaning that the things
he's saying are designed to be largely
compatible with what his audience is
already thinking you know just the the
better version of what they're already
thinking which he does better than just
about anybody's ever done rush likes me
somebody said I know that Rush Limbaugh
has mentioned my blog a few times yeah I
would agree that Rush Limbaugh does take
independent opinions fairly often but
the independent part of the opinion
tends to still be in the same channel
with a you know the main the main
conservative thought somebody saying q
well I don't know the answer the
question but certainly the right is
taking some kind of direction
were you ever going to be on his show
yeah you know I was in conversation with
Rush Limbaugh's Booker and he just
stopped returning messages unless I
missed one so I won't blame him but
let's just say we were communicating and
now or not either I missed his message
or he didn't respond to mine I don't
know which happened
there's an important question on here it
says anyone else kind of like olives I
do alright that's all I've got for now
and I'll talk to you a little bit later
today bye