um hey if you all checked out your copy
of loser think it just made two more
bestseller lists that's three bestseller
lists so far two more in the Wall Street
Journal I think it's in the business
book bestsellers and and the digital
book is in the e-book bestsellers its
best-selling all over the place like
crazy if you don't have yours feel sorry
for you you know I think you're here for
a little something called the
simultaneous M it's sweeping the country
it's the biggest thing ever and this
should be because it's the thing that
makes your day amazing and it starts
like this first you look around your
environment and you see where you can
find a cup or a mug or glasses snifter
Stein jealous tanker thermos flask empty
and Grail goblet vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dope of being
hit of the day the thing makes
everything better
the simultaneous hip go yep yep still
good still good it's better every time
alright let's talk about a few things
few things here so it looks like the
perfect phone call scandal is winding
down I don't know what to call this one
you want to call it the Ukrainian phone
call doesn't really have a name does it
the scandal doesn't quite have a catchy
name let's call it perfect phone call
gate he who frames first wins so
de fact-check me here but does this seem
like the Ukrainian phone call thing is
sort of already done now I know there
will be more hearings and stuff but does
this feel like it's kinda done it feels
that way to me because I don't think
we're gonna get more stuff out of this
what was the big revelation from the
last round of hearings that it turns out
that President Trump
sometimes inappropriately tweets insults
at people at the wrong time did anybody
see that comment is there anybody here
who could have possibly imagined the
president Trump would send a public
tweet insulting somebody who is
testifying at the moment let me let me
say this I believe that a hundred
percent of the people who have commented
on this so far what we're talking about
is that ambassador Jovanovic was doing
her testifying and the president was
trashing her by tweet while she was
twist while she was testifying shocking
shocking we're all shocked now I think
sometimes I feel as though there are
only a handful of people in the world
who even our understanding of what's
going on sometimes what we're watching
is the complete let's say collapsing of
serious politics and entertainment
they're no longer separate this
president has merged entertainment and
politics now before you say that's a bad
idea he's been doing it for a while and
it works really well he's the first
person smart enough to do it now other
other leaders of course have put on
spectacles the let's take the the
British Royal Family with where they
have a wedding for example
big spectacle so it's it's very common
for a governments to put on a show you
know whether it's the Romans throwing
Christians to the Lions
whatever it is you know military parades
leaders put on shows this particular
leader president Trump is basically
putting on a wrestling match show every
day and people are still treating it
like it's not a show if you were to look
at it Trump's tweets through the filter
of government you just say all right
this is the government I'm watching
let's see what the government is doing
oh it looks like the leader of the
government sent this tweet let's see
what it says the leader of the
government just tweeted some trash
talked to somebody who was testified to
Congress while she was testifying to
Congress and she's a good person who
served the country loyally for many
years because that's the government
filter now let me let me move you over
to the other filter you know the one
that's actually happening not not the
one that's ridiculous here's the other
filter entertainment and government have
merged we have a president who
understands that because he created it
he's the one who merged the
entertainment he's the one who puts on
the rallies he's the one that tweets
funny things he tweets memes he's
putting on a show was there a better
show yesterday then the president
tweeting trash talk to this about the
about the hearings while they were
happening no no you can pretend to be
offended by that all day long and I will
consider you part of the show so all the
people who were so offended fixed by
lighting here I'm so offended I do not
consider you
to be observers who are offended because
you're not your observers but it's more
like you're part of the show the thing
that people who people who were offended
and commenting on it don't realize is
that they're part of the show I'm sorry
you're part of the entertainment
literally I literally consume to your
comments as entertainment I didn't read
it for news because it doesn't really
have any news value that I care about
but I read it why is it that I consumed
stories about the people who were
terribly offended at the president why
was I consuming that at all why did I
pay attention for knowledge nope I
didn't gave any knowledge nothing I care
about was it for entertainment yeah it
was it was for entertainment I consumed
it like entertainment let me ask you how
did you consume it the knowledge that
people were deeply offended by this
tweet you consumed it as entertainment
how is it intended it was intended as
two things it was intended to get your
attention
the president doesn't tweet to be
ignored the president doesn't do
anything to be ignored everything the
president does is with a very conscious
I'm you don't have to be a mind reader
to to note the obvious everything he
does is with the understanding that is
going to be a big public thing of course
he wants attention
who wouldn't so the people who are
pretending to be offended and pretending
it's the end of the world you're part of
the show and apparently I'm the only one
to point that out so as I've said to you
before nearly a hundred percent of the
people who pretend to be offended by
anything the president does since the
campaign people have been offended I'm
so offended I'm so offended
if if the picture seems frozen to you
you might have to leave and get back in
or something so do not treat the people
who say they are offended as real
offended people there's nothing like
that going on there are people who are
pretending to be offended for a fact and
there are people I think some sincere
people who believes that other people
are offended ask yourself if you've ever
met somebody who was actually offended
by the president I'm probably never you
know everybody's pretty sure that
someone else is offended I I would never
be offended by this because I'm not a
small person I would not be offended by
the sense of humor the way somebody
phrased something on the other side of
the world wouldn't offend me but I'm
pretty sure other people are offended
and so on their behalf I'm going to be
twice as offended as I assume the other
people are offended who by the way are
not that offended because they don't
care too much all right so I was trying
to get ahead of the the next news cycle
and trying to figure out what the next
line of attack will be because I think
we can think past this Ukraine thing do
you know what I think kills the grain
thing most effectively I think what
kills it most effectively is the slow
realization that all conversations
between leaders are kind of a
negotiation and the slow realization
that the public had a legitimate
interest in knowing what the president
was asking of Ukraine he's not the only
person who wondered about Joe Biden in
Ukraine he's not the only person we all
wanted to know that even the people who
were thinking of voting for him they
certainly wanted to know if they were
getting a clean candidate of course now
they made out of the the supporters may
not have ever asked for it themselves
but you can't say that they don't have a
big big
need to know if their candidate is clean
or not it was the same thing with the
Russia collusion except the Russia
collusion was a little bit more you know
it was more transparently BS at least it
seemed like that to trump supporters but
was there ever any point where you said
to yourself you know I think the
president's surely innocent but wouldn't
it be good that we had an official
statement on that
and then when Muller came out with his
thing and it looked like okay there's
nothing here Russian lies anyway weren't
you better off as much as you might have
hated the Muller investigation I think
we were better off because we at least
you eliminated that that set of concerns
same with Biden I don't think there's
gonna be anything there that Biden
himself is you know guilty of in terms
of a crime but don't you want to know I
mean there's certainly enough there to
ask questions so I think that this low
realization among the public that the
president was asking the same questions
that we would want to know and that is
pretty normal for for people who you
know have leverage and use it there's
just nothing there so that's going to go
away here's what I think might be the
next attack this is from a line on CNN's
website a fateful convergence of events
Friday reflected a culture of corruption
and intimidation endemic to the circle
of a president who vowed to drain the
swamp but instead became its incarnation
now if I've taught you anything if you
have to use that many big words to make
your point you don't really have a point
that the public's could ever care about
even if everything said here is accurate
and true it's irrelevant because if
that's the best way you can express it
the public isn't gonna get anything any
interest in it let me read it again so
you can see our ridiculousness this is
using words to try to
something that isn't there right so is
manufacturing something with words yeah
nothing you know it's manufacturing
something out of words listen to it
again
events a fateful convergence of events
Friday
was it faithful was it a faithful
convergence of events or did just stuff
happen on Friday already it's ominous
it's not just stuff that happened
it's a fateful convergence of events and
that fateful convergence of events is
right reflected a culture of corruption
and intimidation a culture you say can
you give me some examples no we're just
going to talk about the culture of it
and apparently it's endemic to the
circle of a president who endemic how
many people in the United States could
pass a vocabulary test in which they
could tell you the definition of endemic
seriously what percentage 10% so if you
have to write in a writing style that
the public can't understand in order to
make your point maybe you don't have a
point because one of the things you'll
learn is that the more true a point is
at least in the political realm the more
true it is the easier it is to explain
if it's this hard to explain it maybe
you don't have so much all right so it
could be that that's where the next play
will be the next play and it looks like
maybe somebody's a/b testing it a little
bit here it looks like the next play is
hey look at how many people went to jail
on the president's team and then people
will say well guilt by association if
there's so much in the atmosphere some
of that atmospheric endemic reflected
cold
of which there's a fateful convergence I
mean if you were ever gonna be worried
about something you should be worried
about the endemic intimidation and
corruption of the culture that's part of
the faithful convergence I mean if that
doesn't scare you what does so that
might be the next play they might just
say hey everything about Trump's circle
is looking bad so therefore he must be
bad bad bad bad but we don't have any
proof of anything the president did that
might be thanks let me ask you this
so Roger stone got convicted to it looks
like 50 years maximum I think that might
be reduced but certainly that's life
imprisonment any way you look at it
because he's 68 years old do you think
Roger stone should go to prison for his
crimes well nobody's above the law right
no one's above the law and I think it's
probably a matter of fact I would except
this is true that he was found guilty of
lying to Congress and witness tampering
I don't know the details of the witness
tampering but maybe he talked to
somebody I don't know did something with
a witness now here's the thing what was
it he was trying to accomplish
why would Roger stone lie to Congress
and why would he tamper with any
witnesses what exactly was he trying to
cover up was it his own crime no I don't
believe he was trying to cover up for
himself
the the accusation is that he was trying
to cover up for the president to protect
the president from the Russia collusion
accusations which turned out to be
absolute
so Roger stone is going to go to jail
forever and his entire family will be
you know devastated of course not to
mention
obviously you know his own life would be
over
for all practical purposes for the crime
of protecting an innocent president for
the crime of protecting the country from
having his president removed by dirty
tricks now did Roger stone know that
there was nothing there probably he
probably knew there was nothing there
the insiders probably all do that did he
commit a crime according to the jury
apparently yes do I deny that any of
these things were illegal I do not I
don't have an independent opinion I
imagine the legal system does a pretty
good job of determining what the facts
are but if you've got somebody who's
going to jail for a life for the crime
of trying to protect the sitting
president from being removed from office
by a coup attempt when you say that
again he's going to he's going to be
serving life in prison for the crime
essentially of trying to protect the
country from losing a legally elected
president to a coup attempt that's
actually what happened have you ever
seen a situation there was more
conducive to a presidential pardon I
have not I except for people who were
innocent and were wrongly convicted and
literally weren't even there so
certainly that's the easiest pardon the
easiest pardon is somebody who was
innocent and somehow you found out later
and I don't I would think those people
would get off anyway without a pardon
but there must be some that are easier
than this but the second easiest kind of
pardon is somebody who was trying to
interfere with a coup interfere with
that's what Roger stone did Roger stone
if that's what he was doing and all
evidence suggests I mean that's actually
the accusation so it's not me reading
his mind the legal system has decided
that Roger cou temps are there Roger
stone is guilty of trying to interrupt a
coup and he's going to jail from life
easy as pardon ever so easy that I think
Trump's gonna lose supporters if he
doesn't do this pretty quickly
I don't know when's the right time to do
it you know maybe that may be the legal
process has to wrap it up a little bit
more so that we know exactly what what's
going on but I suppose the president
could do it anytime you wanted and I
can't think of a better time can you
think of a better time to pardon Roger
stone and then this afternoon think
about it can you think of a better time
to pardon the guy who just got life
imprisonment for trying to stop a coup
in the United States than right now
right now if you were waiting for lunch
you waited too long and I think every
day that Trump goes without pardoning
him Roger stone we're talking about I
don't think it looks good for the
president now obviously the president is
going to take the hit simply for being
associated with Roger stone the
president's already been punished the
president took his punishment Roger
stone was going to jail forever somebody
who's been you know fairly I don't know
close they were but they're they've been
they've known each other for a long time
Roger stone and the president and his
friends going to go away for life for
trying to stop a coup against the
president the United States how about
now about pardoning him right now
by the way this president have that full
power in this case I think he does right
so president Trump I would say that you
have no downside no downside whatsoever
in fact you this is just a plus if the
president pardons stone for trying to
stop a coup
that's just all win because the other
side is gonna hate him the same no
matter what doesn't matter the Democrats
they're locked in but you could lose
some Republicans on this the president
could definitely lose some Republicans
if he plays this wrong and not pardoning
stone or even just waiting too long you
know and letting stone twist I don't get
it
this afternoon is the right time to do
it this afternoon is the right time to
do it all right what else we talked
about so Kamala Harris is getting more
bad press of course for her bad campaign
and there's some calls for her campaign
manager to be fired but it turns out
that her campaign chair so the the head
person of the campaign who isn't come
all herself is Kamala sister
now if kabbalah can't fire her own
sister in the quest to become president
she's not qualified
if you can't fire your own sister you
can't run against President Trump you
don't have what it takes
so Kamala if you want to show that you
have at least a trace of what it takes
to be President prove it
fire your sister she's obviously the
problem obviously you have the worst
campaign anybody ever had I've never
seen worse
not a Republican not a Democrat and I
mean this I'm not being mean it's the
worst campaign I've ever seen and it's
your sister who's in charge if he can't
fire your sister you should just quit
all right
fire your sister you should get
otherwise because you don't have you
don't even have the the most basic
capability that's just so basic
if you can't fire somebody close to you
that desperately needs to get fired you
don't have the right stuff all right
Trump is squeezing South Korea and Japan
for more military funding for the US
presence in both of those places and
isn't this one of those situations where
you ask yourself why did that take so
long why were our other presidents not
doing exactly this why were we not
turning our military into a profit
Center you know people ask me all the
time Scott Scott Scott sure you're happy
about Trump's performance and this or
that or this or that but what about the
debt it doesn't matter what he does
that's good if he runs up the debt we're
all dead you know we're all ruined
anyway and the debt is going up like
crazy like crazy is that a good point
probably but remember national debt is
not like personal debt so there's some
basic differences one of the differences
you don't you never have to pay it back
personal debt you have to pay it back
national debt if you want to you could
just pay the interest forever and they'd
never pay it back because over time just
inflation will reduce the amount of your
debt to where you know I don't know 16
trillion or 18 trillion or whatever
we're at now seems like an enormous
number today about in 30 years it will
seem like you know a third of the size
even if you didn't pay anything back so
a bank would never let you and I never
pay back the principal but the
government can the government can also
print more money and just inflate it
away which has its own problems but
again that's an option that you and I
don't have but there's another option
that you and I don't have that makes our
personal debt different from Nash
that and that is that you and I do not
have nuclear weapons well I can only
speak for myself I personally have no
nuclear weapons so you might have some
but and I'm using nuclear weapons as a
proxy for the biggest baddest military
of all time now if you have the biggest
baddest military of all time and you're
protecting countries that don't have as
much debt because they don't have a big
military to support
shouldn't we be charging them in what
world does it not make sense for us to
be charging countries we protect like
crazy
the president is apparently the first
person who's figured out that the
military should be a profit center
because you know what the military
should be a profit center now I don't
think it should be a profit Center in
terms of starting a war we never want to
do that like that would that would be
the worst kind of military profit
centers like hey let's start a war to
make some profit that never works
we want our military to never fight
that's where the profit comes in so our
best situation is our military is the
best in the world by far true they never
fight well at the moment there's not a
lot of fighting going on and other
people will pay for it so that they can
be protected by the same umbrella it's
sort of a perfect world I also think we
should be working order to make
alliances with countries that are still
operating from a shortage of mindsets
I've never heard this applied to
countries before I've heard it this
applied to people so let me let me give
you the most important mental reframing
you've ever seen so this is a change the
world reframing are you ready for this
I'm going to change the world right now
probably see if you
this is true I'm going to say something
in the next 60 seconds that could well
change the history of the world and it's
this our foreign relations continue to
be in a shortage mind sent that there's
a scarcity yes there you go
somebody says in the comments we manage
our foreign relations with a scarcity
mindset there used to make sense because
in the old days you didn't have enough
stuff you had to acquire some resources
you know somebody was always going to
come to you for financial gain or
military gain etc but all of the old
rules the scarcity rules don't make any
sense anymore
if the United States and Russia are like
poking each other with cyber crimes and
you know little things where where you
can hurt each other but not start a war
does that make sense
does it make sense anymore is Russia
really going to poke us with these
little stuff until the United
States doesn't have the biggest military
anymore I don't think so
and I think the message that Trump has
been bringing to these various frenemies
and nemec's is I think he's bringing
them an abundance mindset which he
doesn't use in those words but he says
North Korea why don't you let us make
you rich nobody's ever said that before
there's a reason that Kim jong-un writes
love letters to Trump and yet he wants
to beat Joe Biden to death with a stick
according to recent communication of
North Korea
they love President Trump and they want
to beat Joe Biden to death with a stick
before it's too late they actually said
that what's the difference probably the
difference is that Biden is in a
scarcity mindset and he's competition
Trump is very clearly an abundance
mindset where he's saying hey I've got
an idea why don't we both
do something that's better for both of
us how about we be friends I'll spend a
lot less money trying to protect myself
from you you'll make a bunch of money
because we'll invest in you how about we
just make more stuff and then we all got
everything we want
how about abundance so the same thing
for Russia can you give me one good
reason why Russia once the United States
as an enemy why why I would love to see
anybody explained to me in any rational
way how Russia would get an actual
advantage that makes some difference to
them in the real world I can see lots of
things that will hurt them if they poke
us and it's enough for us to notice you
know if they focus and we don't notice I
suppose you could argue there's some
advantage there but we always notice we
catch them when they hacked we catch
them if they try to interfere with the
election we certainly know if they're
marching into Crimea we certainly know
what they're doing with everything else
so the days of poking each other and
having a you know a scarcity mindset
where if we do we have to get this stuff
before you do it's just ancient thinking
and when the president says we should be
friends with Russia the way you should
read that is not the old mindset which
is my god you fool don't you know where
the Russians are a big enemy and we're
competing with them for this and that
the president without using these words
is in an abundance mindset it's it's the
thing that is his most basic personality
element you can see it in everything he
does and indeed he learned from the
power of positive thinking I remember
his is I forget is the past for a
minister I was forget which the name is
preacher pastor Minister when he was a
kid was norman vincent peale
who was really the that I don't know the
grandfather of
the abundance mindset he didn't he
didn't phrase it that way I don't think
but he did did talk about the power of
positive thinking and you go out and
just make good stuff happen
somebody says pastor maybe pastors the
right word but Trump is bringing that to
them to the international realm at
exactly the time that you should do that
because we are as time when cooperating
is a really big advantage and being
enemies doesn't help either side tell me
which side has benefited by being in a
war lately I mean really benefited even
the winners of the war's end up with
just debt they end up with morton's more
they have to protect you know more poor
people they have to feed and it just
doesn't seem to work all right so we
should work out something with Russia
where we just say you know let's get
back to let's get to an abundance
mindset and everybody wins
all right well what else is going on yes
actually a good point somebody says the
Jared was making that same pitch for
Middle East peace and I think in the
Middle East you've got a different thing
going on the abundance mindset is good
everywhere but with Middle East you've
got religious you know concerns that you
don't have with Russia the the reason
that it's just it makes me crazy that we
can't work something out with Russia is
that we don't have an ethnic problem
with them either way and we don't have a
religious problem with Russia either way
so if we can't work out something with
Russia I don't feel like we've tried
hard enough because it seems like that
should be the easiest abundant situation
where we say look China might still be a
problem
I hate Boonton can we just can we just
make more money for each other can we
just you know make this work all right
would you like to hear more stories
about loser think I know you do come on
yeah now do you do so I'm at that fun
part of the process where so as I
mentioned loser thing made the
bestseller lists I made three different
bestseller lists this first week now
what might happen is that because you do
a lot of publicity the first week the
second week it might go down a little
bit until word-of-mouth kicks in so this
is one of those word-of-mouth books so I
should expect that the real fun is next
week the week after this one that's when
we'll know if word of mouth has kicked
in so he says the New York Times there's
some leak about the wiggers I don't see
any chance we're going to have a
comprehensive of a trade deal with China
do you I think China's just got too many
issues and as long as their top fentanyl
dealer is still walking free and
apparently is I don't see you having any
kind of trade deal somebody says they
boast haven't copies of loser think wow
so so loser think is on the following
bestsellers it's on the New York Times
self-help list at number five which is a
great place to be by the way that's a
really that's the best list everybody
would drool to be on cuz if you get on
the self-help list you can sometimes
stay on there for decades you know
that's the one you want to be on but the
Wall Street Journal also has a top ten
for digital business books and a top ten
400 books in general alright I think
digital books non-fiction books and then
it's also a top ten for business books
is it in the airport it is it is in the
airports
and should be in the window at Barnes
Noble if you go by Barnes & Noble you
should see it in the window we'll
anti-trump purrs like loser thing yes
yeah
no my lot my book before this you sort
of had to be either a trump supporter or
at least not hate him too much in order
to read the content in the book which
was about persuasion but because it
talked about Trump a lot you'd sort of
need to be a trump supporter too to love
that book but this latest one goes right
down the middle
so I talked about some topics on the
left some topics on the right and I
apply the loser think filter to both and
nobody comes out perfectly here so I
really did put an effort into taking it
right down the middle on this one
because I didn't want people to miss the
book thinking there was a political bias
in it I don't think you'll find it sois
well appears a lot for some reason that
yeah for some reason I wonder what that
reasons could be yeah my representative
in this area Eric's wall well who full
disclosure on a few times he is a
perfect example for some of the some of
the material in the book all right it's
personal improvement yeah it is a
personal improvement book all right I
used to defend SWA well I don't remember
exactly what that was but yeah we talked
about Roger stone all right that's all
for now I don't have anything else left
I love talking to you guys every morning
I got to tell you this is always fun for
me so goodbye for now I'll talk to you
later