okay so this just happened a lot of you
don't understand how bad fake news is if
you're famous though if you're in the
public eye you see examples of it about
yourself that give you a whole different
view of how fake the news is so here's a
good example from today I'm literally
sitting here cartooning you know I'm
drawing cartoons writing cartoons doing
my cartooning job and I take a break and
open up a browser and I go to Business
Insider I know there's a story bike if
less swing now I'm going to show you if
less wings profile in a minute because
it's him with a bad beard and a cat
those of you who have been following me
know how funny that is wait wait they
talk about talking west and they talk
about me and there are two facts they
say about me are that I'm a former
cartoonist and then I'm a right-wing
provocateur well I read that while I was
doing my current job of cartooning I'm
actually reading fake news about me at
the moment it's fake like live real time
I'm actually doing the thing they're
saying I'm not doing while I read the
news now if you're just a person you
know regular citizen who reads the news
and it's not about you you're probably
under the impression well yeah they make
some mistakes but you can usually tell
when they're when they're off you know
off making mistakes but it can't be that
often all right it can't be that often
there's fake news well in 48 hours
I've already presented to you I think
six unambiguous clear examples of fake
news that you could very easily verify
as fake and it doesn't stop it from
happening
and the reason is because most of you
can't tell the difference but when I
read the news I also can't tell the
difference unless it's about me and if
you look at all the news that came and
about me it was roughly half of it was
fake news you know there was a real part
I did some videos I talked about Kanye
West he tweeted tweeted about it those
are all facts but pretty much everything
they said about me was completely
made-up or at a context or intentionally
misleading so I'm gonna keep this short
I just wanted to show you a clean
example of fake news
you know while it's fresh and happening
and watch how long it takes them to
correct this because by now people have
tweeted them and said you know how long
does it take to find out what he's still
working so so let's watch and see how
long it takes hello bill will pull Tay
and hello to the rest of you I'm gonna
keep this short I just wanted to give
you that one example of fake news I
swear you the people who are in the news
have a completely different sense of the
percentage of the news that is fake
you know when it's about you you can
tell there's no ambiguity about it's
like there are people telling me what
I'm doing and what I'm thinking and I
can tell pretty reliably whether that's
accurate
so roughly when celebrities are involved
maybe half of what you read is
completely made-up roughly half how much
do you think is made up about world
affairs where you can't really check
probably more than half alright so
there's your bit of cynicism for the day
stay skeptical