um hey where is everybody did you all
over sleep because of Halloween that's
no excuse I love that the kids get a day
off after Halloween the schools just
gave up they're like ah they're not
gonna show up anyway hey everybody I
know why you're here
probably has something to do with the
simultaneous sip
I like to think it does and if you'd
like to join along it's easy all you
need is a cup or a mug or glass snifter
Stein cellist ikura thermos last
guillotine Grail goblet vessel of any
kind fill with your favorite liquid I'm
partial to coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous if the dopamine hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better
go do you feel yourself connected to all
people around the world who just
simultaneously sipped I think you do mmm
I think you do well let's talk about
some of the things that are happening so
I hate to be the suspicious one okay
sometimes I like to be the suspicious
one I I hate to start a conspiracy
theory no that's not true either I'd
love to start a conspiracy theory I'll
just tell you what's happening and you
can fill in your own conspiracy theory
so I'm getting reports from a number of
people that they ordered my book loser
think from amazon and amazon has without
an explanation cancelled their pre-order
based on lack of supply now here's the
interesting part some of the people who
are getting cancelled for lack of supply
ordered it a month ago the people who
are ordering it today are saying it's
just fine
do you believe that people who ordered
it
a month ago are getting cancelled for
lack of supply while the people who are
ordering it you know this week are not
does that sound right to you there's
something happening here and I don't
know exactly what it is but I asked my
publisher to look into it I guarantee
that the answer will be we don't know
it's just one of those things for some
reason must be a glitch in the system
what are the odds that Amazon the most
sophisticated you know shopping platform
of all time what are the odds that it
can't tell the difference between we
have supply and we don't have supply or
that they can't keep the order straight
that the people who ordered first should
be first in line should they have a
supply there's not really much chance
that it's just a mistake in the system
there's something else happening I don't
know what now let's put it in context I
found out today now I still need
confirmation of this because I've got a
single source and that's always sketchy
but it's a reliable sounding single
source and being told that Dilbert hub
just got blocked in China think about
that
Dilbert calm just got blocked in China
obviously for things I've been saying
including in the comic now take this to
sort of the the next level of
implication imagine if you will that we
continue trading with China and because
China is a gigantic country doesn't
everybody become the NBA eventually and
what I mean by that is eventually if we
kept trying trading with China we would
all have some kind of entanglement with
China either through our employer you
know our employers
vendors you can think of thousand ways
that we would be connected with China
and then imagine that China can just
cancel you for speech yeah you see yet
the the NBA situation is a situation
that the entire country will be in the
freedom of speech in the United States
will become a decision that China makes
in the future at least on topics that
that relate to that so that's a pretty
big deal that's a pretty big deal at the
same time we know that there's one of my
followers who once a week he goes to a
certain tweet of mind that he's liked
continuously for I don't know weeks now
and he likes it make sure that the like
tanks then he checks back to next week
and it's gone again and then he tells me
I liked it again now we're having him
try a different device and in a
different place just in case there's
something special to him but you you
remember I did a survey to ask how many
people have followed me only to be
automatically unfollowed and I think
1500 people said they'd been unfollowed
and that's just people who answered the
survey imagine how many people didn't
bother to answer it never saw the survey
didn't notice because they didn't see
the survey because they had been
unfollowed so there's that then of
course you saw what Google did to me in
the image search I'm not even going to
talk about that because it'll just
happen again that was pretty bad and
just an update on YouTube I'm still
pretty much routinely demonetized on
YouTube now there's something that oh
yeah and then I I assume that was a
technical problem but one of the odds
that the Matt Gaetz
conversation would be the one that had
all the massive technical problems is
that a coincidence I mean it could be
you know
coincidences happen all the time in fact
I'm gonna be talking about a number of
them but it happened you have to you
have to throw it in the mix of things
that you know and try to interpret it
now YouTube continues to D monetize my
videos the the Matt Gaetz video was
instantly demonetised as most of them
are now the reasons that YouTube would
give would sound quite reasonable
because my understanding is that YouTube
is trying to satisfy their advertisers
who don't want to be associated with
certain types of content especially
political content and now it was so far
you say to yourself perfectly reasonable
if I were an advertiser I would also
want some control about what I'm
associated with but think about what
YouTube used to be and what it is now
so why YouTube used to be is a place for
creators to create what they wanted to
create you know within within the limits
of you know acceptable behavior they
could create whatever they wanted and if
people liked it they would make money
because advertisements would be
associated with it but that advertisers
complained and YouTube responded they're
a business they've got stockholders they
have to respond to that sort of thing
and at the moment my understanding is
that YouTube is prioritizing people who
do high production stuff that's within
the let's say the channel that they want
to live in which is more g-rated more
generally acceptable now what happens is
if the creator's try to conform to that
and say oh okay I've got to do a higher
production value because YouTube won't
promote me unless I do so so you're
forced to do higher production values
and you're forced to do a certain kind
of generic content that doesn't offend
anybody but here's the thing at that
point are you just working for YouTube
do you see do you see the reversal
because it seems to be then the old days
the individual
leaders who were working for themselves
they would do whatever they wanted and
so long as it wasn't obscene or illegal
they could get paid for it as long as
other people wanted to watch it also but
now that's changed now the only way you
can monetize is to make content that
YouTube wants you to make you work for
YouTube now just like they're your boss
they get to tell you what you can do
it's a complete reversal from what it
was and I'm not sure people have quite
realized that so I don't know to what
extent you know being shadow banned on
YouTube for my specific political speech
or if it's just a political speech is
all in that category now so we've got
that going on so Elizabeth Warren has
released her healthcare economics and I
haven't looked into the economics but I
can tell you this how many people who
write about Elizabeth Warren's economics
are credible how many people who look at
her numbers are qualified and objective
probably nobody because everybody who's
not an economist or and also not pretty
steeped into healthcare economics
specifically they're not gonna know what
they're looking at then nobody's gonna
know so journalists for example or gonna
look at it and say well what does
somebody say I'll just repeat that but
then economists are gonna look at it too
but you say okay we'll forget about the
journalists at least the economists will
be able to dig into this we'll just wait
for that but the economists have all
picked a team I wouldn't trust any
economist looking at anybody's
healthcare planned because for the most
part they've decided in advance what
team they're on and then they just find
an opinion that matches their team so
there's almost no way for the public to
know his Warren's planned economical was
it crazy I don't think we have any
realistic way to know that to know that
here's what I'll say the the argument
that you're hearing from the right is
nonsense so the the criticism of the the
Bernese of the Elizabeth Warren's etc on
economics is complete nonsense then they
may have bad plans for the variety
reasons but the criticisms are just
crazy and the criticism is that there's
not enough money in the world to pay for
it here's what's crazy about that we
pretty much already pay for it you know
somebody has a big problem they go to
the hospital they get to read it anyway
so if all of the big problems are being
paid by someone already that money is
already in the system the only thing
that's not already being paid for is the
more routine stuff that people would put
off if they don't have health care and
that's stuff the price of that is going
down every day because you can do a
doctor visit by email doctor visit by
phone so there's and probably our
prescription drug prices will go down so
there's something like 12% of people who
don't have insurance worst case scenario
is that our total healthcare costs go up
12% but people like Elizabeth Warren and
even the President Trump say the same
thing which is there's a lot of fat in
the system you could probably get rid of
12% you could bring down the cost of
drugs you could bring down the cost of
lots of things just by making the market
comparisons more transparent which is
one of the things trump administration
is trying to do so when anybody tells
you that it's it's fiscally just
impossible the numbers don't work to
provide health care insurance for
everyone just remember these few facts
everyone's already getting health
insurance so most of the costs are
already baked in what we don't have is a
way to get to those places where the
cost is our
being paid and to claw it back as needed
for some kind of a government plan for
example I assume fact check me on this
but I assume if somebody who doesn't
have insurance goes to an emergency room
and they do get treated that the
hospital just eats that right is that
right can somebody confirm that that the
hospital eats the extra expense of
people who don't have insurance and then
never pay they build them but let's say
they never pay so you would have to tax
the hospital to claw that back you know
if suddenly everybody had health care so
the hospital got paid every time the
hospital suddenly makes a whole bunch of
money that they were making before
so could you tax them somehow and call
back I don't know probably and then that
that leaves maybe the 12% of the 90% of
whatever it is of people who don't have
insurance but are already getting health
care so the only part that matters is
just 12% of the public and maybe maybe
only a fraction of that total cost for
that 12% is not being paid already so
maybe a 5% increase in price from what
everything is now wish you could easily
squeeze out of the system by lowering
you know just being a more aggressive on
negotiating prices so I'm gonna say this
nobody is gonna understand the economics
nobody's gonna explain it well nobody is
credible talking about it but I will say
with complete confidence that there's
plenty of money in the system meaning in
the United States and various hands
that's already being employed for
healthcare then if you could get at it
and some kind of a tax or a clawback the
government would have everything they
need while at the same time the rest of
the public would just break even they
wouldn't be worse off so if the hospital
went from paying for these people who
don't have health care insurance if the
hospital was paying it and now
don't have to pay it but the government
clawed it back in attacks well hospitals
right where they were anyway same place
but it might be hard to do any of that
stuff which would be a fair point all
right
let's talk about Trump's new campaign
commercial which even the Democrats have
said ooh that's really good and it's not
so much the commercial but the the
message and the approach and the new
message is and this is the Dare ager
says over it after there's a montage of
accomplishments I guess the the quote is
sometimes it takes a Donald Trump to
change Washington and they they talk
about basically the approaches you might
not like his personality he he might you
know break some dishes he might be a
little bit of a bully these are my own
words just but in general the messages
you might not like his methods but he
sure gets things done and sometimes you
need that personality to get things done
so even the Democrats said oh wow that's
pretty good
that's pretty good and I think the
Republicans agree it's good it's really
good it's really good because let me
give you an example if you've you're
familiar with the show it's back on the
air but in the old days Simon Cowell was
one of the judges on an American Idol
and he was the mean one he was the one
where you'd say to yourself my god he's
narcissistic he's mean but because he
was sort of playing a character he was
actually the most popular person on the
show because he was always consistent he
was always honest you know in his
opinion anyway he was honest and it just
made him kind of interesting Trump is
doing a similar kind of a branding play
and I think it's gonna work because
you've noticed that he's run the White
House sort of like it's a it's a
wrestling match you know the kind that
not real wrestling but rather where you
play a villain and you take on our
persona now you stay in character while
you're doing your wrestling match and
this seems like the president
understands that the country would get
it if he just said yeah I can be a dick
look at look how successful and maybe
you need somebody who's a dick sometimes
maybe you need somebody's a little bit
of a bully to bully the other team so I
think it's really strong and then and it
works really well with this impeachment
situation so the latest person who who
testified was a Tim Morrison testified
that in his words let me get his exact
words basically it wasn't concerned
about anything illegal happening during
the Ukraine phone call now I don't have
to tell you that I don't believe the
president was accused of doing anything
illegal and well right fact check me on
that but the Ukraine phone call was not
considered by anyone actually illegal
was it it was only you something you
shouldn't do that was that's the claim
so by the newer the new guys saying yeah
I was there on the phone call and I
didn't hear anything illegal to be
concerned about that's a very specific
comment and also it agrees with
everybody else they didn't hear anything
that was illegal they just say you
shouldn't dig up dirt on your opponent
by using other countries to do it for
you which of course is only part of what
he was doing the other part was just
doing his job
yeah the abuse of power part is what
they're talking about so but here's the
thing the public can't really follow
this story right the public doesn't they
barely know what impeachment means much
less an impeachment inquiry that turns
into a vote about impeachment rules that
might turn into an appeasement but did
you know when Pietschmann doesn't
you lose your job the Senate has to vote
the public has no freaking idea what any
of that's about they kind of generally
know that an appeasement means you lose
your job if you're the president that's
about it they may not even be following
that there is anything called an
impeachment going on so when there is
complexity the best simplifier wins let
me say that again when the situation is
complexity the best simplifier and
Brander wins because nobody can discern
the actual truth and when you can't
discern the truth in a complicated
situation your brain just sort of
reflexively gravitates to something
that's simple and is compatible with
sort of what you wanted the truth to be
so all this impeachment stuff to the
public is just gonna look confusing the
democrats are gonna say he abused his
power he did some things and people are
gonna say exactly how did he abuse his
power and and he did some inappropriate
things and it was unpresidential and he
broke a precedent do you know what all
of those things sound like all of those
things put together sounds like what
Trump is actually promising to bring
more of Trump is actually promising in
his new ad that if reelected he would
bring you more of the thing the
Democrats are complaining about and he
says it's how you get stuff done now if
you're just an ordinary person who lives
in the ordinary world and you maybe
you've had a boss you just had
experiences with people haven't you seen
a million times in your own life the
biggest complaint or the person who's
the strongest personality who you might
not like that much personally gets stuff
done we all know in our personal life
there are certain bullying like
personalities who were just really good
at getting stuff done you don't have to
like it but they get stuff done
so when the president makes that claim
that yeah what if all of it's true what
if it's all true
what if I did bully what if I did do
inappropriate things what if I did use
some language this unpresidential what
if I did I don't know any number of
things that were that somebody's going
to call abuse of power etc and he says
yep probably do more of that look how
well it's working
black unemployment just reached a record
historically low black unemployment do
you want some more of that well if you
want some more of that you probably have
to elect the guy who's got this
personality that you're having a little
trouble with it's really good it's
really really good I I can't say enough
how strong that is now what is the thing
that I keep telling you that Trump does
well he does the flipping around thing
you know I've done the examples all the
time the when fake news was a claim used
against Trump and then he flipped it
around and turned it into a weapon to
use against the fake news of all things
and you seen him do that before it looks
like he's doing it again it looks like a
good play I'm sure that they've tested
all this stuff with you know test
audiences and polls and stuff so I would
hate to be running it against this guy I
would really hate to be running against
this team but one of the things that
Trump doesn't get credit for is we're
watching a reelection campaign that
might be better than anything we've ever
seen I might be too early to say that
but is there anybody here who would
disagree with that at this point let me
ask you this Brad parse Cal is sort of a
superstar running the Trump campaign
when was the last time the campaign had
was like a celebrity
right it's sort of like Johnny Ives you
know sort of a celebrity and Apple
because he was the designer for a lot of
the Apple products you know what when
was last time a designer was a star and
a company
well Johnny Ives was the only one I can
even think of except for actual fashion
companies and now the Trump campaign is
so good they've raised so much money and
they have such a strong team that even
the guy running the campaign is sort of
like a star is that good so you got that
here here's a here's a little thing I
would love to say this is sort of maybe
could be a what is a campus humor who's
the group who always does the on the
street interviews with people who don't
understand politics at all
they can't name the vice president that
sort of thing well let me suggest a
humorous person on the street interview
process you go to a person in the street
and they don't know what the context is
you start asking questions and you say
this do you think foreign interference
in our elections is a bad thing
everybody says yeah it's a bad thing
foreign interference they say do you
think if a president had any kind of
financial dealings or his family had
financial dealings let's say a son with
another country is that something you
would be concerned about now at this
point everybody's gonna start thinking
is Trump right and they're gonna say
yeah I'd be concerned about any
president whose son had a financial
tangle man with another country of
course I'd be concerned then if you said
whose job is it to make sure that that
concern is not blackmail or undue
influence on our electoral process and
on
our government whose job is it what
would the person industry say well if
they knew a lot they might say well I
think that's FBI and Department of
Justice and then you say who's the head
of those groups in the executive branch
the president so you could get people a
person on the street to agree with the
following things for an interference is
bad it's the President of the United
States job to look into it if there's
evidence of you know for an entanglement
of a family member
it's worth looking into and you could
get them to completely agree in concept
with everything the President Trump did
it was a high priority every person in
the United States thinks that's exactly
the sort of thing you should look into
who I'm talking about hunter Biden and
Joe Biden everybody would agree it's the
executive branch everybody would agree
it's a top priority you can get the
person on the street to 100 percent back
Trump on this impeachment thing simply
by asking the questions without Trump's
name involved because they would be
seduced into thinking you were talking
about da jr. because your brain just
goes to trump first in all things right
you so you're just what about if the
president's children we're trying to
make money off the presidency you would
immediately go to Ivanka and Don jr.
even though they haven't right it's just
your brains are wired that way to just
jump there all right um so you saw all
the news about employment is just
amazing apparently we've added like
twice as many jobs as they thought
they've even they've adjusted upwards
the last two months there were ninety
five thousand more jobs than were
reported and it wasn't bad either
and I guess wages are still going up 3%
which is strong I mean we're just
killing it now the GDP is kind of weak
compared to earlier in the year and the
SBA blamed on
chyna uncertainty and I think we'll get
over that because I think eventually
we'll will realize we have to decouple
people keep asking me about this issue
of China doing transplants on live
prisoners or I guess killing them on
demand
now the the evidence that China was
killing people for the purpose of
harvesting their organs and selling them
is that a good organ you could sell for
over a hundred thousand dollars so if
you had access to a transplantable
organs you could sell it for over a
hundred thousand dollars so so where
there's money somebody is going to do
something illegal so that's your first
piece of evidence piece of evidence but
the strongest piece is that apparently
China has advertised organs that are
available sort of undemanding all the
smart people say there is no way that
you could have all these compatible
organs on demand
unless you're killing people on demand
to take their organs because there
wouldn't be enough people who
coincidentally died coincidentally where
organ donors coincidentally were close
enough you know and the right match and
all that they're there aren't enough
coincidences to have some kind of
immediate Oregon availability and
therefore the only way you could you
could understand that is they must be
killing people and probably the the
flung Jew what's wrong food what's the
name of the religious groups that they
oppress in China flung gouf along float
along the food I don't know something
like that somebody will put it in the
comments and all I'll say it correctly
somebody's spelling it wrong for me just
falutin God okay so that's the thought
that it's the weekers and the floon god
they're using just for organs
here's my take on that while I do not
doubt this somewhere at some time China
might have taken an organ from a live
prisoner or somebody may have I don't
know that that they're necessarily still
alive when they're taking the organs out
maybe I mean maybe I wouldn't put it
past them I don't think you didn't
necessarily believe they're still doing
that but here's here's the thing I want
to just put into the thought process I
think you know that there's no one who
would like to believe this is true in
the sense that I'd like to have
something bad to say about China than me
I mean nobody hates China more than I do
right I think y'all know that my stepson
died a year ago from a fentanyl overdose
nobody hates China more than I do so I
would love to say that China is killing
people for organ transplants I'm willing
to say there's evidence of it because
there is there's the evidence is pretty
strong but I can't I can't get myself to
release on the possibility that is just
bad advertisement isn't it possible that
they simply advertise that they can get
you an organ at a short amount of time
but maybe if you went in and tried to
get it you couldn't so I wouldn't rule
out that when they say they can quickly
get an organ maybe that's not always
true now it might be that the people we
hear about who do quickly get an organ
might be well-connected rich people so
it's possible that they're the ones we
hear from and maybe and maybe there's
something where if you're a
well-connected rich person you can go to
the front of the line so it might be
that some people can get them pretty
quickly because they paid enough to go
to the front of the line which would be
enough to make it happen fairly quickly
compared to just being at the bottom of
the line
so I gotta say that the whole organ
transplant thing in China strikes me as
the sort of thing that is more often
false than true doesn't mean it's false
because you know if I told you that you
know back in World War two if I'd said
are you you really say that Germany's
rounding up all the Jews and it's going
to systematically kill them in death
camps if I had been alive at the time
the first time I heard that I don't know
if I would have believed it which
probably has happened to a lot of people
don't you think in World War two a lot
of people said well I'm not sure I
believe those reports because we heard
about it we meaning people heard about
it I think a lot of people just said
that's too wild I can't believe that's
actually happening so I'm having the
same response with the the forced
transplants but that doesn't mean it's
not happening it feels like something
that isn't happening but it could be
something that's happening here's what
I'd look for it seems like our
government isn't complaining about it a
lot the thing I would look for is our
government officially it doesn't even
have to be Trump maybe a cabinet-level
somebody Secretary of State something if
you see somebody in our government
saying yeah there's forced transplants
happening over there then I'd be a
little more inclined to believe it but I
don't believe that our government has
endorsed that as a fact
can somebody fact check me on that as I
believe there are international
organizations who have looked at the
statistics and and believe that it's
happening but has the government of the
United States somebody said yes but not
do some confirmation of that send me a
link on Twitter if you know that our
government has officially said that's a
real thing that is still happening they
may have said it's happened in the past
but I'd like to see a link that says the
US government says force transplants are
happening
now in China I'll be surprised if that's
actually happened but not completely
surprised right Joe Biden has his latest
gaffe he confused the parrot Paris
climate Accord with the Paris Peace
Accord which was more of a treaty 10 -
Vietnam War and it was signed in 1973
which was Joe Biden's first year in the
Senate now the whoever tweeted this said
you know he's not playing with a full
deck because he couldn't tell the
difference between the Paris Peace
Accord and the Paris client climate
Paris climate whatever it is but I'm
here to say how many times have I done
the same I've said the same thing a
bunch of times you've seen me say Paris
Peace Accord several times haven't you
when I thought I was talking about the
climate Accord or the climate whatever
the it is so I would say that's the
sort of gaffe that is so ordinary
I mean people all over the country
pundits reporters it's probably the most
ordinary gaffe you could possibly make
if you saw this gaffe just by itself it
wouldn't mean anything just wouldn't
mean anything it's such a common one but
because it's Joe Biden and because
loosely political the democratic
political guy who says that Joe Biden's
in the candidate protection program
where they're trying to make sure that
the public sees as little of Joe Biden
as possible because the more you see of
him the less you like him so I think
that's what's happening there so let's
talk about Oh Trump said he's moving
from New York to Florida which is kind
of interesting I think de Blasio said
good riddance
but Trump announced it last night and he
even referred to New York not being a
friendly place to him Oh David Axelrod
is
the one who used the phrase candidate
protection programs thank you and it's
interesting because Trump moved in part
because of taxes I think so we moved
from a Democrat lead place to a
republican-led state and I have to tell
you in all complete honesty if it were
easy for me to leave California I would
do it now so I'd be ready to go because
I've never seen a state managed so
poorly I would be out of here so fast
and I would head to wherever there's
good weather and low taxes and I'd
probably end up in a Republican state so
you know but it's hard for me I've got
too many ties here too much going on so
I can't really leave but if I were to
make the decision today I would get the
hell out of California because basically
the whole state is just burning feces
and just going to hell and the high
taxes all right so that's interesting
let's talk about Epstein so I've been
talking about this on Twitter a little
bit I'm still the yeah I got I'm the
holdout I'm the holdout in favor of his
still being the suicide so there's an
outside what he called a coroner who
says that the evidence is consistent
with homicide the evidence is consistent
with homicide he actually says it's more
consistent with homicide than with
suicide
part of it and so the reasons given are
some some neck muscles are broken that
are more typically broken when somebody
else is strangling you then when you
hang yourself so it's rare for those to
be broken in any situation except for a
murder now and it also would be unusual
that the cameras are broken and the
guard fell asleep and the the roommate
had been transferred so there are a
whole bunch of coincidences and so the
coroner says that's too many
coincidences
it's most compatible with homicide but I
would like to suggest that the following
all bad i'll bandit is common for
suicides to look like murder and I'll
bet it's common for the evidence to be
more suggestive of murder than suicide
even when it is suzet so how uncommon is
it that there is a real suicide but that
the evidence is very suggestive and
maybe more suggestive than its homicide
then suicide I'll bet that happens
fairly fairly often I don't know how
often but it's not it's not something
that's never happened so here's the
thing nobody has said that you can't
break those muscles with the suicide I
believe that the mistake that people are
making is that if you look at how high
the bed is and the distance that he
would drop to hang himself from the bed
that that distance is insufficient with
to break your neck the neck muscles
here's the part I think maybe they are
taking not taking into account if you
are going to hang yourself from a low
object you know an object is not that
high off the ground
wouldn't you jump up in the air maybe
from the bed or whatever the bed is and
wouldn't you make sure that you got as
much height before he came back down now
if somebody found you they'd say oh the
thing is tied here he fell this far
there's no way that could break those
neck muscles but if he had stood here
got on top of the bed jumped up in the
air maybe the distance was three times
as much maybe uh maybe now also consider
the Epstein was extremely smart probably
put some serious research into the best
way to do it and probably figured out
the most effective way to really really
kill himself if you were as smart as
Epstein and you had done the things that
he is alleged to have done I'm sure he
has done and you you had continually
your entire life had done one thing
after another that normal people
probably couldn't have never pulled off
from the way he made his money to the
the abuses normal people could not have
pulled that off could it be that he
simply figured out a better way to kill
himself and he had the angles and you
know the approach in the distance worked
out could it be let me just let me give
you another possibility suppose there
was something heavy in the cell that he
put in his arms and then jumped off the
top of the bunk and then the the weight
of the stuff that it was in his arms it
helped to break his neck but then when
he died his arms opened and whatever
heavy thing it was rolled onto the floor
and if you were the coroner and he
walked in would you say that they had
the object on the floor was part of the
suicide maybe maybe not because you just
see the heavy thing and he's saying well
that doesn't seem related it's over here
all I'm saying is I'm not suggesting
that that specific thing is the problem
all I'm saying is that clusters of
incompetence are not unusual so the fact
that the fact that the cameras were off
the guards were asleep the fact that
there were a number of incompetence
coincidences I'm not sure that's a
coincidence because wherever you have
incompetence you're likely to found more
of it
incompetence tends to cluster in certain
places right that's why some companies
are a mess some groups are a mess so it
is not that unusual to have a cluster of
incompetence so the the part about what
the jail did not that unusual the fact
that the roommate had been moved out
well that could be something that
Epstein himself bribed somebody
so Epstein may have caused all of these
competences to happen he may have
offered to the guards for example if you
can turn off the cameras so that you
know there's a reason that you're not
stopping me from killing myself you will
get a big cryptocurrency payoff that
nobody can trace let me ask you this if
you were Epstein and you wanted to kill
yourself wouldn't you bribe the guards
to look the other way and turn off the
cameras and wouldn't you pay them in
cryptocurrency so that there's
absolutely no way anybody could ever
determine they ever made money you would
it be easy to do right so when you say
hey it looks like murder because the
cameras were off the guards were asleep
that's also exactly what suicide looks
like because Epstein would have wanted
the cameras to be off in the guards to
be asleep or pretending to be asleep he
would have wanted his roommate to be
transferred and he may have just bribed
his way into all of those conditions and
the guards might be so rich now that
when they lose their jobs they're saying
oh well I lost my job but I got a
million dollars a Bitcoin that nobody
knows about so somebody says are you an
FBI shell yeah no I let me let me say
this the possibility that he was
murdered is absolutely on the table so
there's nothing I'm saying that says
it's impossible he got murdered totally
on the table you've got motive probably
opportunity right so so good possibility
but I would say there's more likely it's
more likely that he's really really good
at killing himself and that's the part
that I think in normal analysis
overlooks your average person doesn't
have hundreds of millions of dollars
that he can easily turn into crypto that
he can easily pay two guards on any
amount remember he's going to die he
could have paid that guard
just think about it he could have paid
that guard ten million dollars nobody
would ever know it would just be a
cryptocurrency transfer you don't know
so I think that's the most likely
explanation is she's just good at
killing himself
alright that's about all I got for now
completely unpersuasive you say well I
would say this that coincidence is easy
to over rate because the world is full
of coincidences and you don't notice
them until somebody draws your attention
to it so don't make too much of
coincidence now I'll make a prediction
my prediction is that there will never
be a time when there's an actual suspect
who gets tried and convicted for the
murder now how often do you see a
murderer that would I mean you'd have to
have it be pretty complicated to have a
murderer that nobody saw because all you
need is one person in prison who's a
witness who's willing to sell the story
right well let's say let's say it was a
prisoner who killed him what are the
odds that other prisoners would know
about it if one of the prisoners had
been enlisted to kill him probably a
hundred percent don't you think there's
a I don't you think there's a hundred
percent chance that other prisoners
would know if one of them killed him and
how much money could that prisoner make
for telling their story a lot a lot if
you were the prisoner who knew who
killed Epstein how much could you sell
your story for name your price
you'd sell them for a lot so I predict
well let me ask that whoa
wouldn't snitches get stitches well they
would have to also negotiate to get into
jail probably so they'd have to say you
got to let me out
and you got to pay me some money maybe
and I'll tell my story alright Epstein's
brother is rich enough to pay for the
truth exactly so if there's somebody
who's got the truth remember the people
who have the truth would be criminals
because they're in jail when a criminal
sell out another criminal in jail for
millions of dollars and maybe a reduced
time what a criminal sell out with
somebody for millions of dollars some
wouldn't but my prediction is we'll
never know who who did it if it's a
murder meaning meaning that it probably
wasn't a murder all right that's all for
now and I will talk to you all later