[Music]
what a day what a day
get my footstool over here and we're all
good to go hey everybody it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams yes yes yes it
is the best time of your day yeah it
does make everything better you're right
and it doesn't take much to participate
no it doesn't all you need is a cup or a
mug or glasses - Ellis nectar - Thunder
mr. plastic canteen a vessel of any kind
filled with your favorite look what I
like coffee here it is
are you ready it's time for the
simultaneous sip that's part of your day
the dopamine hit that makes it
everything better
ready go Oh sublime
yes there will be a whiteboard talk
after we get through some of our fun
political stuff so I'm noticing that the
anti-trump press is trying to push every
door open trying to test every line of
attack and their newest one is kind of
clever if you haven't noticed yet the
newest line of attack is to ask Trump
supporters on the air do they think
president Trump lies now what are you
gonna do if you're a trump supporter and
somebody says I just have this one
question as as the president ever lied
or does he lie and the and the poor
Trump supporter ends up saying well your
your network lies and every you know
other people lie and they end up looking
unprepared
let's say and they are unprepared
because you're not really expecting that
question it's one thing and this is the
way the press has been doing it before
prior to this the press the press
usually asked is this one thing true and
then you can quite easily argue no that
one thing
is being misinterpreted so that's easy
for the Trump supporter to support but
when they say it has the president ever
lied like ever what the hell are you
gonna do that doesn't make you look like
a turnip well what do you do it's it's
an excellent trap and I don't know if
they sort of chanced upon it when I saw
Cuomo doing it to to forget but it was
quite effective because well somebody
says the easy answer is no but you know
there are something like 11,000
fact-checking problems I don't think
even Trump supporters believe that any
politician has ever told the truth all
the time here's how I would answer that
question Scott does the president ever
lie and I would say you know I think
every politician stretches you know
their version of events so they all do
it he uses more hyperbole than most
people but if you look at it you see
it's it's well-intentioned
and it's directionally where we would
like to be led or it's irrelevant
so yes politicians do like to shape the
truth this president's not different
from any other President or any other
politician or every other pundit or
indeed every other press person you've
had on there everybody's giving you
their version of the truth sometimes
people are wrong and that gets called
lies sometimes they use a little
hyperbole and that gets caused called
lies but you know I'm not here to put
words on it the fact is we're dealing in
a realm in which the truth has largely
been discarded by everybody that's the
way I'd go about it so the big
disappointment for the Democrats as you
all know was expecting that the Russia
collusion situation would take the
president and at the job and then it
turns out that Muller came out and said
we didn't find much
we didn't find much here so here's what
I'm starting to think might happen with
the IG report so those Republicans who
are quite happy when Muller found
nothing that seemed too actionable or at
least nothing that was going to be
actionable and Republicans said yeah now
watch for the IG report which is going
to make all of these characters we know
the commis and the McCabe's and whoever
else were demonizing today is gonna make
them all go to jail and pay for it and
end there and their their their
fraudulent treasonous activities will
all be uncovered or not so here's what
I'm gonna add to the conversation I'm
not so sure the IG report is gonna be
that damning it's gonna be damning
because it'll talk about a lot of stuff
and you know somebody always makes some
kind of mistake so I'm not saying that
everybody will get off free I'm just
saying that if you're expecting people
to go to jail probably you're gonna be
disappointed so I would say the odds the
odds would suggest that there might be
some awkward embarrassing stuff some
stuff you'll talk about some things for
the pundits to chatter about but I'll
bet you nobody's going to jail I'll bet
you had no no clear and obvious plot to
overthrow the government is discovered
it'll probably be a whole bunch of
people doing what they thought made
sense in their own in their own view of
the world probably that's all this so
don't be disappointed if you don't see
much out of the IG report yesterday you
saw me ask the provocative question why
is it that we the citizens of the United
States do not know the answer to this
question is Trump building a wall right
so I asked that yesterday is like do you
know is there actually
all being built I mean Trump says yes
The News says no and then we see
pictures of wall being built what's
going on now Fox News actually covered
this story the same day that I said how
come why don't we know now here's how
Shepard Smith covered it on Fox News he
said that 60 miles of fence have been
reconstructed meaning that there was
already some kind of a barrier there and
that the only fence that's been built a
period is upgrades of existing fence and
therefore presidents Trump's promise to
build a new wall has not happened now
let me ask you this if you were in
charge of the border where would you
apply your money first let's say it was
your job to build a wall where would you
put it first would you build your wall
first where there is no wall or would
you build your wall first where there
was a wall because it was an important
place to put a wall but the wall wasn't
good enough which of those two places
would be the best place to put your
money let me say them again a place
where there was already an inadequate
wall because it was a perfect place for
people to get across the border or a
place where nobody was much trying to
get across the border because it was
hard to get to that you know remote
desert place or whatever there was
something naturally about it that wasn't
so good for crossing the border which
would be the place you start the place
you start is by fixing the broken wall
because the reason there was a wall
there in the first place is because it
was possible to build a wall and it was
important to have a wall there I'm not
sure that that distinction between
fixing walls that were inadequate and
building new walls is quite the way Fox
News and Shepard Smith presented it I
think the facts were accurate I'm not
questioning the fact
I'm just saying that what was missing is
the context that the smartest best place
to make a difference where the wall is
where you already had one because you
needed one it just wasn't good enough
wall of course that's where you go first
now there's a problem of question of
does he have any extra money to do any
extra wall I don't know I don't know but
that would probably be in the so you saw
that the president was criticizing Fox
News recently what was the phrase he
used there they're not working the Fox
News is not working for us anymore and
see you then tried to turn that into hey
are you saying that Fox News was like
working for the campaign no it's one of
those ambiguous sentences it doesn't
mean you get a paycheck it doesn't mean
that you're taking my commands it means
it just doesn't work for me anymore if I
put on a shirt and it's out of style I
would say on I don't know this shirt
just doesn't work for me anymore that
doesn't mean my shirt is an employee
it doesn't mean my shirt takes orders
for me and does what it needs it just
doesn't work for my situation the
president was complaining that Fox News
is being more critical and that doesn't
really work for him as well as it should
so he's putting a little pressure on
them because he's a big old dictator no
because he is transparent when something
bothers him he mentions it all the time
doesn't matter who it is if something
bothers him he mentions it that doesn't
make you a dictator all right how about
the question of whether Mexico will pay
for the wall again Shepard Smith said
you know that he basically dismissed
that as he was very dismissive shall we
say about Trump's claim famous claim
that Mexico would pay for the wall on
the same day that the news is showing I
think or at least the same week that the
news is showing footage of the Mexican
MS a National Guard or police there mil
sorry or you know armed professionals in
Mexico actually fighting with and having
an altercation with African immigrants
who are coming to trying to come up the
southern border of Mexico why is Mexico
spending so much money to put human
troops on their southern border it's
because Trump and the United States has
pressured them to do it because those
people would otherwise traverse Mexico
and cross our southern border so Mexico
is paying seems to me a lot of money to
put human beings there to stop other
human beings from crossing do you know
how Massacre could save some money
anybody anybody raise your hand
how could Mexico save some money on
their own just their own money I'm not
talking about anybody else's money just
Mexico's own budget what would be a way
to control your border without having to
put a standing army on every every
incident thinking thinking what could
you do some kind of a non human solution
for a border area a wall a wall who's
gonna pay for that wall will Costa Rica
pay for Mexico's wall will Honduras will
will will Africa pay for Mexico's wall
will the United States pay for Mexico's
wall probably not I think Mexico is
going to be looking pretty hard at
building a fricking wall maybe not today
maybe they'll say well let's put our
troops on the southern border and see
how this goes maybe this is a temporary
problem maybe in a year we won't need to
do this and we'll be glad we didn't
build a big expensive wall but time is
on trumps inside as long as Mexico is
draining their own budget to keep their
military on the border in place of a
wall they're wasting money Mexico I
guaran-fucking-tee it there has been at
least one cover say
as senior Mexico Mexican government
level I guarantee there's at least one
conversation in which somebody said you
know wouldn't be so expensive to guard
our southern border I'll get rid of this
troll
wouldn't be so hard to guard our
southern border if we had a wall and you
know what you know where it would be a
good place to put that wall maybe put it
on our northern border because the
people aren't good across the southern
border if they know they can't get
across the northern border because
they're not trying to resettle in
they're not trying to resettle in Mexico
they're trying to pass through Mexico so
you could say the Trump did not get
Mexico to pay for the wall but you can't
show me footage of Mexico paying for
their own wall and tell me they're not
paying for a wall they're just doing it
the expensive way don't blame Trump if
if Mexico wants to pay extra to make it
a human wall that's not his fault all
right
there's a the latest poll CNN was
showing that Trump would lose in a
direct match up to any of the top I
think six Democrats by some ratio of
like fifty some percent you know low 50s
for whichever Democrat runs against
Trump in the general election and Trump
would get about forty percent of the
vote does that seem convincing to you
no because at this moment we have the
the mental advantage of imagining there
whoever it is that runs against Trump
looks the same on election day as they
look to us today in their primaries do
you know who's not going to look the
same on election day I'll tell you who's
not going to look the same as they look
today Trump will look the same my guess
is that what you have whatever you think
of Trump today is exactly what you'll
think
on Election Day for most people but
whoever gets the nomination is gonna
turn into a different person
by Election Day because Trump will turn
them into that different person
and you know politics will do that now
let's look at the leaders you've got
Biden who I don't believe there's
anybody in the country who thinks he's
gonna be the nominee there are people
who will still say things such as well
he is leading in the polls but I don't
believe anybody on either side thinks
that he can win and therefore his entire
his entire pitch that he's the one who
can win looks ridiculous honestly well
yesterday in public he forgot or
appeared to forget I won't read his mind
but he appeared to forget President
Obama's name did you see that one when
he said you know and blah blah blah
president president my boss I think he
actually forgot Obama's name now again
if you were looking at any one of these
events it would mean nothing at all you
put them together and it might still
mean nothing at all he's always been a
gaffe machine but if you look at his
entire vibe but plus his age plus the
entirety of the situation it looks like
it looks like it's time to be kind right
I can't even be I can't even have I find
it impossible now to even make jokes
about this because when you're making
jokes about Biden at this point you're
sort of making jokes about senior
citizens in general and you know as much
as it's fun to make fun of people for
whatever reason you know sometimes it's
fun but it's not kind and it's not
useful and you know maybe maybe I'm too
old to find it funny to make fun of old
people but so I'm not gonna make fun to
Biden I'm just gonna say he's not going
to be the nominee
and I hope that however whoever however
his exit is engineered by those who love
him by those who love him and I hope
they're the ones who do it I hope it's
as the people who loved him most and
handle the situation because it needs to
be handled and and I'm not saying this
because I don't want him to run against
Trump because he would get crushed by
Trump I mean he would really be get get
crushed
it wouldn't be fun wouldn't be fun you
know that right it's not going to be fun
if it's a if it's a just total
destruction of the other candidate and
you know that's coming if it's button
now let's say Bernie
unlike Biden Bernie looks like he has
all of his faculties would you agree
Bernie's
Howell's I can't remember but Bernie for
his age appears to have all of his
faculties but he's still burning and I
think he's got sort of a cap on how high
his support can go and I think that X
number of Democrats are gonna say he'll
now on the Socialist part of what bernie
is bringing now bernie is the most
important democrat in the sense that
he's changed the entire you know
democrat field you know they've they've
had to catch up with him they've had to
you know they've had to be compatible
with him when they can but I just don't
think he's electable and you can feel
that in the way even Democrats talk
about it you don't really see even the
news talking about Bernie as a likely
candidate it's almost as if that
hypothetical is unworthy of discussion
if that's the case it shows a complete
lack of interest by let's say
established Democrats versus the ones
who are excited now let's get to so it
won't be Bernie now let's talk about
Elizabeth Warren who I believe has one
percent african-american support I've
been saying that the whole Pocahontas
thing is weak and old and there's just
not there's not enough substance to it
so it's not much of an attack it's fun
it's funny
it's an interesting news story but it's
not really it's not representative of
her character in 2019 it doesn't
represent her intelligence doesn't say
anything about her policies it's I was
the other thing it feels empty and then
you hear that she has 1%
african-american support to which I say
am i reading this wrong is it possible
that you're you know your generic white
guy looks at this situation says yeah
she thought she was a Native American
and she wasn't end of story
but do the African does the African
American community in the United States
look at that story of somebody trying to
you know the way it's framed is that
she's trying to appropriate somebody's
ethnic heritage for advantage again
you'd have to ignore the fact that she
wasn't aware she was doing it in order
to turn that into a negative but does
that look worse if you're African
American I don't know I suspect they're
just sort of not paying attention to her
as a candidate but if you only have that
much support where would your support go
if Biden drops out remember Biden has
absorbed the vast majority of African
American support for the the primary
process what happens if he leaves do you
think that Biden's support by the
African American community will go
automatically to Bernie I don't think so
because I don't think Bernie's been
killing it so far with the
african-american vote as he you look at
his rallies than it looks
any Bernie's rallies look pretty white
don't they
am I wrong about that in fact check me
on that so I don't think it's going to
Bernie and if Elizabeth Warren has 1%
now whatever it is about her that makes
her you know less appealing I don't
think he goes to her you know where I'm
going on this don't you Carla Harris is
the natural recipient of Biden's
black support it's gonna skip Bernie and
it's gonna skip Warren suddenly Warren
if Biden drops out or even if he just
stops being spoken of seriously I think
Harris is gonna be in the top two once
she makes it in the top two it's up to
her I've said that she's probably one of
the worst campaigners I've seen she's
also been invisible right
we don't really hear from her she does
every now and then she'll do the most
boring tweet you've ever seen in your
life it just looks like it was written
by a automaton or something it has no X
Factor no no heart no nothing I mean
there's the the emptiest most vacuous
tweets and that's that we don't even see
pictures of her giving a speech we don't
see her crowds what I'll say anything so
there is an advantage to that
meaning that she's not ruined by the
process the the heat is not on Harris
and if the heat ever gets on her we'll
see if she can perform now I've said she
did she does perform well which is let's
say being a senator and she's you know
grilling somebody had a you know
congressional testimony she looks pretty
strong so I feel as though she's capable
of taking her game up
but I've also said that she has
completely failed to do that so which
would suggest well maybe I'm wrong maybe
she can't take her game up but I believe
I believe if Biden drops out and the
black support skips skips Sanders and
skips Warren as I think there's a good
chance as well suddenly Harris is going
to be looking like second we're tied or
tied in the top three
as soon as people think of Harris as a
possible winner I believe she's going to
absorb all of the undecideds I think I
think people are gonna say alright we
need a person of color
we need a senator not
mayor we need a we need a woman she's
gonna she's gonna be automatic and a
whole bunch of votes we'll say now the
the x-factor here the part that I don't
know is whether Warren I'm sorry Harris
Warren and Harris those names are too
similar don't you think like I store
those two names in the same part of my
brain so I'm always confusing Warren
Harris just the names the words
themselves but Carla Harris I don't know
how she is perceived by the black
community and I don't know how she's
perceived by women but you could expect
that she would get some you know just
automatic votes all right I've got some
really interesting topics I'm gonna talk
about here unlike what I've done so far
oh let's talk about baddest so James
Madison has a book out there's some
excerpts out and of course the fun parts
are where he's criticizing President
Trump so let me read part from the book
this is James Madison's book in which he
is sort of criticizing Trump he says
that I quote a polemicist role is not
sufficient for a reader a leader okay
you're good with that a polemicists role
is not sufficient for a leader that this
is mattis speaking a leader must display
strategic acumen that incorporates
respect for those nations that have
stood must when trouble loomed returning
to a strategic stance that includes the
interest of as many nations as we can
make common cause with we can better
deal with this imperfect world we
occupied together absoluteness we will
occupy an increasingly lonely position
one that puts us at increase you have
increasing risk in the world mattis
wrote and then he talked about his
resignation and he said quote concrete
solutions and strategic advice
especially keeping faith with our allies
no longer resonated now
I had a good impression of maddest
before I read this didn't you think
Madison a straight-talking
you know guy his yeah it looks like word
salad it's looked like it looks like he
had to arrange words to make an argument
because the argument wasn't there if I
were to take his argument and put it
into words that people understand and I
don't use words like polemicist or
acumen or something got incorporated
there was something loomed or that we
needed common cause blah blah blah
strategic advice keeping the faith these
are all non sort of nonsense generic
words that don't really mean anything
which president would you prefer the
president who could look at an ally and
say yeah I know what you want but we're
not going to do that do you want that
president or do you want the president
who looks at the ally and the ally says
no don't do that and then we say oh okay
we don't want to make an ally upset
which president do you want I don't see
the argument here for the president
who's going to do what other countries
want us to do that's pretty much giving
away our sovereignty if we want the our
country to be run for the benefit of our
country that requires a president who
tells our allies to go pout and salt
sometimes not every time but sometimes I
feel like that's the president I want
not just this president but every time
do you want the president who's going to
go along with the pack doesn't feel like
the president I want
one about president Trump's you know
chumming up to putin and kim janghoon
and even president she would you rather
have a president who doesn't talk to our
adversaries but does do whatever our
allies walked i don't think so
would you want that president I think I
was like exactly the president I don't
want I want the president who will talk
to our enemies because that could be
helpful as part of the process and what
one who will go against our allies when
it makes sense for the United States I
feel like I feel like Babis is shooting
blanks here because he's describing a
world that I prefer and he quit from it
to which I say he doesn't look like a
guy who could work with Trump he looks
like a guy who didn't have the tools I
hate to say that because you know mattis
has been a great patriot and tremendous
you know public servant and soldier and
warrior and all that so I have a great
respect for him but he does not look
like a personality you would walk in the
same room with Trump yeah I'm just not
sure they could work together so I don't
see a big problem there lawrence
O'Donnell got embarrassed because he
reported some poorly sourced story that
turned out to be fake news about some
Russian billionaire co-signing a loan
for Trump just completely untrue
and he embarrassed but the funniest part
is I watched a clip in which there was a
double screen and and lawrence was
explaining to rachel maddow
it was the first time she'd heard it so
that's the fun part so rachel maddow
didn't know the story yet and lawrence
O'Donnell was is telling her the story
and says that his reporting or his one
source it he said it was just one source
so he was sort of broadcasting that
wasn't reliable yet simply by saying it
was one source but but he said that you
know when he said that the billionaire
Russian co-signed the loan you should
see
maderos expression and she goes really
even she couldn't believe it now
she played along but and I can't read
her mind right so I don't know exactly
what she was thinking but my impression
of it was that she didn't believe it so
or or at least even if it were true it
was in the category of unbelievable
statements so either one of those would
have given a similar reaction but I'm
gonna give some credit to Rachel Maddow
cuz I'm pretty sure she was skeptical
about the claim and that it looked like
she was and that was the right that was
the right reaction you can love or hate
Rachel Maddow but she's very smart she's
very smart sorry you can't take that
away from her speaking of smart there's
a clip of Jack Ma founder of Alibaba
billionaire guy talking to you on musk
the run stage and they're talking about
whether computers will ever be smart
like people and they disagreed Elon Musk
said computers are already chipping away
at what we used to think only humans
could do they could beat humans at chess
every time they compete about the game
of Go which is even more complicated
every time and Musk who's making the
case that they will actually just
surpass humans and there's no doubt
about Jack Ma said cleverly that he's
seen people invent computers but he's
never seen a computer inventor person so
a person could make a computer but a
computer can't make a person therefore
humans always have that sort of
superiority to which I say there's no
such thing as a pert as a person who
ever made a computer that's never
happened no person has ever made a
computer civilizations have made
computers groups of people working over
time have developed parts of things
which when put together can be assembled
into a computer
but no persons I remain a computer has a
computer ever been a person yeah they're
simulated but they have in fact there's
about a trillion to one chance that a
computer made you now there might have
been a human or or an intelligence of
some sort who pushed the button and said
hey computer make me a make me a
simulated civilization that thinks is
real and then the computer did the rest
so can a computer make a human probably
already happened when I say probably
already happened that a computer has
made a human I mean you I mean you are
very likely a simulation according to
simulation theory there's a you know
trillions to one chance that if any
civilization ever could make a
simulation of humans I thought it was
real or a simulation of any creature
they thought it was real there would
probably happen lots of times and maybe
even the simulation would make its own
simulation so there's a very high
likelihood that a computer has already
made a person not just a person probably
trillions of people and they don't know
that they were made by computers
probably speaking of this is and then
when I tweeted this I got some pushback
and one of them was interesting one was
a software developer who said on Twitter
I'm a software developer and basically I
can tell you that a computer can only do
you know the the simple logic that
people give it it can't think to which I
say number one well you're thinking and
you're probably created by a computer so
there's that but secondly a computer
programmer is typically not somebody
keyed into the creative process I have a
unique window on this situation because
I have been a computer programmer so I
know what it means
to program a computer I've made a number
of programs earlier in my career I've
invented games and done things for
corporate use so I have been a computer
programmer I've also spent most of my
life as a creative person if you tell me
I can't I can't make a computer I do
what a creative person does you are so
wrong oh my god you're wrong it's the
longest you could ever be a you can
create a computer that will create
things here's what you're missing let's
pick one of you and make you the Dilbert
cartoonist all right you take over my
job tomorrow and you just do my job can
you do it probably not probably not now
let's see let's how about you draw make
some paintings I'll just say you you
personally go make some paintings that
are so good they'll hang in the Louvre
there'll be world masterpieces
go ahead go do that you can't so when
you say humans are creative that's just
not true it's just not true humans can't
create that's not a capability of humans
here's what humans can do we can
assemble things that already exist in
our minds so when I create all I'm doing
is taking things I've seen add some
techniques and formula there's actually
a formula for humor I talked about a lot
I combined it and then I say well did
that work how does it feel yeah that's
no good so I try something else how does
that feel oh yeah that made me laugh
I'll go with that a computer can do all
of that it's just a be testing with a
with a framework and then you see did
people laugh or did they not if they
laugh you do marveled if they don't you
throw it away now the reason that you
think people are creative is because we
have seven billion people and many of
them are creating things every now and
then entirely by chance we like some of
it and we say well look at that
look what Rembrandt created there
Rembrandt
something that I like so therefore we're
better than machines you're not you
didn't paint that you didn't make any
Rembrandt stuff you're just going to
your job in your cubicle a computer can
do everything you can do can a computer
do everything Rembrandt can do yeah
can it just have to it just has to do
seven billion tries a day every day and
some of those tries other human beings
will say hey look at that one the
computer randomly cranked out that
picture I don't know why but I love it a
computer trying to make art would do so
much better than humans so quickly it
would be ridiculous anyway wait for that
I saw a fascinating discussion on
evolution in which some evolution
doubters were talking about why they
doubted it now let me stop right here
one of the three doubters seem to have a
religious biblical interpretation of
things I started by a god explanation
but the other two did not so the other
two doubters of Darwin were not doubting
it in favor of a religious
interpretation they were just doubting
it on mathematical logical terms and
their argument was this if you've got
this long string of DNA and there's a
sort of let's say a letter that
represents every spot along it you've
got to have just the right organization
of letters to create something that
lives almost all of the combinations are
unlivable in other words anyone change
to what makes a person a person probably
kills it and they were saying that while
it is possible you could have a random
mutation there would amazingly take a
living animal from the one that happens
to work to one of the few and of
trillions I think it was 10 to the 77th
odds that you could get you kick in a
random mutation that would actually work
it would be a living animal
so the argument was that the universe
isn't old enough even with all 15
billion years the universe isn't old
enough for those odds to have given us
the world we we observe and also that
there's some the that there's a sudden
acceleration in new species during what
is a very short period of history and
that is also not explained here's what's
wrong with that here's what's wrong with
that
so as much as I think you're expecting
me to say aha
we have disproved evolution there's
something terribly wrong with the
argument that says the we don't have
enough time in our universe for these
odds to play out now first of all I just
don't know if that's true do we do we
not have enough time I don't know if
that's knowable I don't believe that's
knowable but here's the problem that
would make sense
if there were only one universe once if
we are the only universe that has ever
existed it's only happened once there
are no other dimensions there are no
other simulations there are no other
there were no other cycles in which the
the universe burst into existence
expanded to a point and then gravity
shrunk it back in and it became a
singularity again how many times has
this universe or a version of it been
created from the Big Bang because our
ability to measure time when we can go
back to the Big Bang and that it stops
how many big bangs were there could
there have been a trillion times a
trillion times a trillion big bangs
there's nothing that there's nothing
that makes that impossible
right so so even if the odds of us
existing are 10 to the 77th the odds of
this this long line of markers on the
DNA had to be exactly right for a
creature to turn into another creature
how do we know how many times this
universe has been Korea
maybe all the other times it didn't work
now the thing that people get wrong is
that they forget that our ability to
exist
and to ask the question how did we get
here would only happen if you happen to
be the one in a trillion trillion
trillion trillion that happened to work
so it would be entirely rational and
believable that we would exist even
though the odds look impossible so I
didn't buy the argument that there's not
enough time because there could have
been yeah there could have been multiple
dimensions there could have been
multiple Big Bang's
and when I say multiple there could have
been trillions upon trillions upon
trillions like real multiple it could
have been a trillion to the power of a
trillion
remember there's there's no law this as
time had to start in all likelihood
whatever is going on is perpetual and
where are we in the perpetual cycle well
there's always as much behind you as
there isn't in front of you if it's
infinite all right
let's say somebody told me that
computers will never have souls to which
I said neither will people there's no
such thing as a soul you can't find a
soul that's not a thing you can't get a
bucket full of soul so you don't need
your computer to have a soul because
people don't have them either somebody
said computers will be able to compute
but they'll never be able to think well
that's just word thinking that's just
putting a different word in there
they'll absolutely be able to think you
just have to tell them - nobody's ever
programmed a computer to randomly think
but if you wanted to even I could do it
like I'm pretty rusty with my
programming but even I could say all
right here's a little code connect some
things that you have not connected
before see what they look like
projecting them into the future
draw draw a picture with those
things you've put together analyze it
tell me if you like it give me an
opinion whether it would work you you
could program thinking into a computer
fairly trivial AIT's somebody says wrong
Scott
whoever said wrong Scott probably must
be new but they will not be old because
they've been blocked anybody who says
wrong on my periscope this block because
you have room to give a reason if you
give a reason even if it's just hinting
at your reason you don't have to be
complete that's fine but you can't say
stop you're wrong and that's it you give
that get you're blocked all right let's
talk about hacking your brain so here's
the fun part I was waiting for the end
so yesterday I did a video on how to be
happy and I talked about the things you
can do with your lifestyle and habits to
boost the chemicals in your body that
make you happy so that I posted that in
I stripped out just the part about the
happiness equation and I pinned that to
my Twitter feed so if you want to send
that around or see it again
it'll sit at the top of my Twitter feed
and it's also going to be on my blog so
I took out just a happiness part so you
can see that alone but I wanted to
expand on that with some subtle lessons
on how to hack your own brain to be
happier now as most of you know I'm a
trained hypnotist and I've been working
on learning persuasion for decades and
there are things that hypnotists
understand about how to program a brain
that most of you don't and secondly you
don't understand that you can program
your own brain so you can be your own
hypnotist without necessarily having all
the skills of hypnotist because it's
fairly simple let me walk you through it
so here's some brain hacks and these are
the primary tools you can use to control
your own brain alright so this is how to
program your own brain on
on a regular basis it's not something
you do once is something you do everyday
as a system to reprogram your brain from
wherever you don't want it to be to
wherever you'd like it to be and here
are the tools first of all you want to
manage your mental shelf space and what
that means is your brain can only handle
so much so be the only person who
determines what's on your shelf the
stuff you're thinking about if you have
negative feelings crowd them out with
more powerful feelings that are the kind
you want if if you're if you keep
remembering something that's making you
unhappy and you're just going through
your day and this memory keeps popping
up think of a sexual fantasy think of
something great that's coming up
just put your shelf in front of you and
just fill it with thoughts that are more
powerful than whatever it is you're
trying to not think about alright so
don't try to not think about it instead
move your thoughts to a different place
fill all of your capacity with work with
social life with you know kids whatever
it is take on a hobby
read a book just take your brain
somewhere every time you've got
something you need to get it get away
from I do say you should avoid things
that you can't fix
alright so thoughts you can't fix just
just avoid them positive self-talk this
is sort of the Tony Robbins approach but
Tony Robbins of course gets this from a
long history of positive thinking people
and hypnotists and has a long history of
being useful tell yourself the things
are gonna go right and that you're good
at things and you know how to figure
stuff out even if you're not good at
something tell yourself you're the kind
of person who can figure stuff out
because you are if you got this far you
are the kind of person who could figure
stuff out so keep telling you is that
self that like it's a like it's a
program that's running in your head all
the time I never turn that off
I tell myself all the time I could do
that
I could do that I could do that I could
figure that out that would be hard I
probably get hurt if I tried to do it
but I could do that and I even take that
into dangerous situations if you have to
be somewhere this dangerous you know
your first choice is don't go anywhere
that's dangerous right so choice number
one do not put yourself in danger but
sometimes you just end up in the
dangerous part of town in a dangerous
situation here's what I tell myself when
I'm in a dangerous situation man those
other people are in trouble I'd hate to
be I'd hate to be my enemy
I could kill everybody in this room I'm
the most dangerous person here I'll bet
they're worried about me they have no
idea what I'm up to
also if you get challenged by here's a
little bonus tip every now and again
you'll get challenged by somebody
dangerous somebody who's looking for a
fight maybe you're in a bad part of town
and they'll get in your face and they'll
start talking to you if you want to
scare him don't talk just stay silent
stay confident and silent because you
want them to get in their mind the idea
that you're not a talker and that
whatever you planned might involve a
weapon in your pocket it might involve
your you know that you've got a friend
who's standing behind them I like to
look at people and and not give them any
tip what I'm thinking
just looking because it scares people
they need to see your reaction to know
what they're dealing with you know any
reaction gives them information so I
give them no information people do not
like having no information in a
dangerous situation I'm getting all the
information I need because somebody's
talking and acting and it's telling me a
lot about who they are and what they can
do I'm giving them nothing back because
I don't want them to know anything and
that that's very it's very disturbing to
be in a dangerous situation
and to have a variable that you don't
know anything about
so just there's a little tip for you it
happened there's a book called habit
which I have my shelf the power of habit
is the full title the power of habit
read it it teaches you how to develop
habits that become your programming if
you do something over and over again it
becomes part of your mental wiring you
can actually hack your brain into good
habits simply through repetition yes
Charles Duhigg is the author correct
here's something that you're not gonna
believe I promise is true you can change
your preferences now some of you are
going to say oh yeah I've already done
that so some of you will confirm it and
in some ways what you don't know is how
easy it is it's real easy you can change
a lot of your preferences maybe not
whole but I have actually experimented
with this I've done long-term
experiments to see if I could make
myself really like something that I
didn't like and and vice versa I've
programmed myself into liking things and
then just for fun programmed myself out
of it it's amazingly easy all right
and the main the main trick is
Association so for example I used to not
like the TV show American Idol a million
years ago but I watched it with my then
wife and because I enjoyed the situation
I started loving the show so I had a
preference against the show which turned
into a great preference for the show
simply by associating the show with
something else I liked a lot this works
every time just associate the thing you
don't like with something you do this
more powerful until the thing you like
bleeds over into the thing you weren't
so crazy about and they become paired
very easy I I give the example of when I
go to the gym I always make sure that
when I'm
done I go and I get a delicious protein
shake which is you know good for me
anyway to have protein within 30 minutes
of exercising but I like it I like
sitting down after I've exercised I like
having my protein shake checking my
phone just having some me time yeah it's
some of my favorite time because of that
I make the process of exercising which
is not naturally fun more enjoyable
because I've associated it you should
take all the things you want to manage
in your preferences and change their
associations until you associate what
you want with good things you already
like and that will that will push you in
that direction it doesn't happen in one
day but it does happen in a few weeks
it's pretty pretty fast and if you do it
for a year it's pretty locked in and
triggers an association are related the
the association's is the trigger so if
you think about it you can change your
preference alright somebody says they're
lit awesome indica well you should not
smoke indica it's the morning at least
where I am you should be in the sativa
my friend the Indigo will make you
sleepy all day affirmations affirmations
are the process of repeating in your
mind some objective that you want now
because I prefer systems over goals
people get confused and they say wait
repeating the thing you want in your
mind and visualizing it isn't that like
a goal without a system to which I say
now
the system is the repeating it because
they're repeating it is what causes your
brain to create filters that allow you
to notice things and act upon things
that maybe you want to notice that would
have active acted upon so using
affirmations can help you program your
your brain
somebody says Jack Herer is your daytime
friend for marijuana yeah that was that
ones well I don't say anything about
that right now I think I might do it I
was thinking of doing a separate
periscope on how to smoke marijuana if
you're a medical marijuana user because
I don't recommend it for recreational
use some day I'll do that
avoidance if you fill your shelf space
and avoid unpleasant thoughts they will
then will reduce in power through
atrophy so the avoidance is very similar
or related to the shelf space just focus
on the good stuff and the bad stuff will
shrink in importance and then I also
advise you to learn and increase your
talent stack as much as you can over
time because that also programs your
brain for recognizing connections I
don't remember if I thought I was going
to say this or actually said it when I
was talking earlier so I'll say it again
so you remember Watson and Crick figured
out the shape of the double helix you
know the the DNA stuff and it was Crick
who I learned just recently had been a
code breaker in World War two so a guy
who had two skills one he was a
scientist and two he had been a code
breaker
the code breaker broke the code on DNA
it took a code breaker
now if he had not been a code breaker by
training would his brain didn't have
been tuned
somebody says he was on LSD that would
have helped to uh would his brain have
been tuned to the idea of patterns in
terms of codes probably not so anytime
you can learn a second thing that works
well with your other thing you can
you've more than doubled your power so
learning two things gives you what you
already had plus the new thing but it
doesn't just double your power because
you have two things
plus all the things that are new that
are the overlap or the combination of
some things from those two things so
adding a second skill does more than
double it's sort of like two hundred and
fifty percent better and if you get that
math right it really helps that's what
the talent stack is all about all right
so repetition thinking positive things
changing your preferences by association
these are the tools of the hypnotist and
they're the ones that you can easily
apply to yourself if you are not if you
are not managing your brain circuitry
the way I've just suggested you are sort
of randomly going forth into the world
because remember your reality may or may
not be entirely subjective we don't need
to we don't need to solve that today but
certainly your experience of your life
is completely subjective right there may
be something out there that's just there
but your experience of life for sure is
a subjective experience and that
subjective experience is very much
within your power over time whatever you
do on one day might not make that much
difference but if you develop habits
over a long term you learn to fill your
shelf space with provocative ideas you
learn to build a talent stack so you can
combine and in contrast ideas and you
build associations and triggers in your
own mind they get you to where you want
to be and you've got affirmations that
are running in the background all the
time tell you what you want you'll start
noticing things you wouldn't've notice
before etc somebody says can hypnosis
help with depression I don't know the
answer to that question because I don't
know that it's been studied here's what
I do know I'm certain that a hypnotist
can boost your body chemistry I don't
know that this has been tested but I'm
gonna say based on everything I know I
think there's a fair I would say my
confidence on this would be ninety five
person
I'd say there's a 95% chance that a good
hypnotist
working with the right person and of
course that matters hypnosis doesn't
work the same with every person twenty
percent of the public can have a really
strong effect from hypnosis the rest can
have weaker effects but but some effects
so if you had the right person somebody
who was susceptible to what's called the
phenomenon which that's a hypnosis term
of art it just means that they could
actually feel and experience something
as if it's real
just from suggestion if you have that
kind of person and they're suffering
from depression and part of that could
be influenced by boosting their
serotonin or dopamine a skilled
hypnotist working with somebody who's in
that 20% who can feel and experience
things as if they're real could could be
hypnotized to feel and experience
something which naturally boosted your
serotonin and dopamine for example I
could tell you that you're in a
beautiful forest that you really enjoy
and the sun is shining on you and you
feel just perfect and you're walking
through the forest and you're full of
hope and everything looks great
and good things are happening in that
forest that's just a simple but the
point is that 20% of the people were to
have a physical experience their body
would start to would start to conform to
what that experience would be like if
they were in the real world having the
experience so you could make somebody
feel hot you could make them feel cold
you can change their heartbeats their
pulse you can really change a number of
chemical situations and an electron
electric situations and people's body
through hypnosis so to answer your
question could you fix somebody's
depression through hypnosis I don't know
I don't know that it's been tested but
my strong intuition with 95% confidence
is that at least 20% of people could
have more of those chemicals that tend
to be
tend to be on the low side when you have
depression so I'll say that with a fair
degree of certainty but whether that's a
cure I don't think that's been tested
somebody say they meditate daily it's a
direct route to fix depression I don't
know I've now seen studies on that
either
I hear lots of good things about
meditation and is something I did in my
younger days and I found great value to
it until I learned hypnosis hypnosis is
a more direct and stronger version of
hypnosis in my in my opinion they're
different you know meditating is not
hypnosis they're different things but
hypnosis does better what hit what
meditating does in fact one of the
things hypnotist learn is self hypnosis
so I can count to 20 and put myself into
a meditative state pretty quickly and I
do that sometimes
alright do you have any ties yourself
yes I do I use all the tricks that you
just saw which largely come from the
field of hypnosis but I also use a trick
I learned as I've noticed to rather
quickly put me in that state so it's a
trainer I've developed over time all
right
somebody said I tried hypnosis but my
will was stronger so I couldn't be put
under now what happened was you don't
know why hypnosis is that's all so
somebody said my will my will was too
strong I couldn't be put under hypnosis
that's not a thing
that's somebody who didn't want to be
hypnotized that's all that it is if you
want to relax and listen to somebody you
can sit in a chair and relax and listen
to somebody talk that's being hypnotized
if you have some mental process that
says it wasn't working that's a that's a
false message you were being hypnotized
you just didn't feel like it that's
different all right
that's all I got for now I'll talk to
you tomorrow bye for now