[Music]
hey
everybody come on in gather
around grab a chair we still have a few
seats left in the front those of you who
like to sit up front make sure that
you've uh filled your coffee mug oh it
doesn't have to be a mug it could be a
glass or a Stein or a chalice could be a
thermos or a tankard but what matters is
the simultaneity of it all so join me
please for what I call the simultaneous
zp
ah so there's a whole bunch of
interesting things happening let me jump
Jump Right In there's some something
going on with
q that I'm hearing
about but I don't know know exactly
somehow I'm
involved I don't know exactly what's
going
on but uh there's there's something
something happening in the world of Q
and some thought that I might be a
target of something but I'm not too
worried about it it's just out there
let's talk about Jesse smallet because I
know you want to talk about that now I
tweeted uh a very I think I tweeted it
controversial
opinion I'm going to repeat it but
unlike a lot of things I say I am not
going to try to change your
mind so I'm going to give you an
opinion this time free of persuasion so
I'll just take the persuasion off
because when you disagree with me and I
know you
will I'm going to say that's fine I
think your
disagreement is well supported
okay so
uh I'm okay with a light penalty for
Jesse
smallet now I'm going to I'm going to
make the argument for why the light
penalty is the right one and remember I
told you that if your argument is that
it should be a harder penalty I'm not
going to disagree with you I'll just
make the case and then you can decide
for yourself so we don't need to
disagree on this you're you're welcome
to your opinion and I will respect it in
this case
especially here's the first
consideration nobody got hurt secondly
now indirectly you could say there were
cases that didn't get solved but I'm not
sure that you can directly find the
problem there I think it would be true
of everybody every case that the police
work on works on takes resources away
from more important cases so the fact
that the resources were wasted if you
could say that on the smaller case is
not that different than any other low
priority case where they use resources
so yes there's a problem there he did
use resources but he's also forfeiting
some amount of money that at least would
go partially toward that so I'd say the
the resources argument is not the
strongest one but it's real there were
real resources
now there was a real
crime right he it just happens that
smalla himself might allegedly according
to the police is the one who committed
the crime but there was a real crime so
when the police investigate a real crime
are they wasting their time because the
only way that the the police could
determine this mullet was the problem
and not the accuser the accused
attackers the only way they could get to
the bot of that is by putting resources
toward it and investigating the fake
story until they knew the real crime so
I ask you
this did Chicago Police waste their
resources I say it depends how you look
at it because what did they do they
investigated a real crime and they found
the
perpetrator if the police investigate a
real crime in this case the real crime
is J's
hoax they they didn't know they were
investigating it but that's that's how
it turned out so in a way the
investigation was productive because it
found an actual crime and it it tried to
prosecute it but the judge had a
different idea all right so the argument
about the wasted resources is not as
clean as you think it is
right there you could argue there're
some wasted resources but not so wasted
that that they wouldn't have otherwise
you know made a difference and there was
a real crime and they really used those
resources against it the next issue is
that smallet is not like regular people
in in a number of ways but the important
way that I'm going to talk about is that
he's
famous now the way we most people are
talking about that is wait a minute he's
getting special treatment because he's
famous it appears clear that that's
happening so I'm certainly not going to
argue that that somebody didn't put
their finger on the scale I'm not going
to argue that somebody powerful didn't
get to the judge it seems obvious that
that there's something sketchy going on
right so let me completely agree with
you that we probably got to this this
verdict in a way that doesn't feel
comfortable to any of us watching it so
that part is real probably we may never
know but probably there's something
there so I don't want to Discount that
but um I would say that one difference
that he has is that he's a public
figure now if somebody who is not famous
perpetrated a
hoax and let's say they got a they a
light sentence all right so let's say
nobody got
hurt police wasted a little bit of time
perpetrator pays a fine which at least
partially covers the the work of the
police and then there's penalty but it's
not very high but let's say it's an
unknown
person and let's say the unknown person
is completely clear the way it looks
like Jesse small it will be cleared in
the sense of technically having a
criminal
record what would be the ongoing effect
to that unknown non-f famous person if
that person got the same non-penalty as
Jesse smallet they would have no
criminal record and when they went to
apply for a job nobody would ever know
what
happened right so a nonf famous person
if if that nonf famous person got the
same non prosecution a Smet it would
just completely wipe the record clean it
would be like it never happened it
wouldn't affect them for the rest of
their life but Smet is
famous he can have his technical
criminal record expunged and yet every
place he goes from now on they're all
going to know
his alleged criminal
activity so by by virtue of his
Fame this non penalty is actually a
pretty big freaking penalty he's he has
a real life penalty outside of the legal
penalty but his real life
penalty is going to be pretty big now
some of you are saying you know he'll
still get work and he will he'll still
have probably an above average
life but this is going to sort of hang
with him forever all right it's never
going to go away so here's the point you
can't compare a smallet to a non-famous
person cuz the nonf famous person would
have no lasting problem from this he
does now we don't know if those problems
will be greater than the benefits he
gets from being famous who knows but
definitely there's some lasting
problems um and then here's I'm going to
make you my most nonobvious
uh
statement the United States is
definitely at least in the political
realm we seem to be at each each other's
you know at each other's
necks and you know the left and the
right seem to be hating on each other
people are talking about you know
violent revolutions I think there's no
chance of that I wouldn't worry about
that at all but people are talking about
it if you want to bring down the
tensions somebody kind of has to go
first somebody has to go first in other
words if everybody just keeps ratcheting
up it's like you did this I have to do
this I have to match you it doesn't get
better so maybe this is a case where
Trump supporters can say look the story
itself is is all we need right just just
knowing that this was a
hoax is a big benefit to Trump
supporters you don't really need to put
your boot on this one person's neck and
just keep it there forever you don't
really need to because you got
everything out of this that you need
so I do not argue this Smet should get a
lesser penalty than other people I do
argue that this particular crime since
there was no
violence oh and here's the other
Factor one of the reasons that you
punish people is that you don't want
them to repeat the crime but the weird
part about this crime is it's unre
repeatable it's an unrepeatable crime at
least by small it and I don't think
anybody could look at this situation and
say well
smallet uh really had had a a good
result so I think I'll do a hoax too
nobody can look at that and say it
worked so if you're worrying about dis
discouraging other people from trying a
similar hoax I would say that the
smallest story already does that it
didn't work he just embarrassed himself
Etc so it probably has the effect of
diminishing future crime there's no
chance in the world this mullet would do
this same crime again and here's the
even harder part just think about this I
haven't heard anybody say
this if someday in the future a real
crime happened to Jesse smallet and I
hope that doesn't happen I want I want
to be very
clear I'm not suggesting it I'm not I'm
not trying to incite it I'm just making
a point
someday small it may be in a case where
he needs the police to believe him
there might actually be a real crime
that he is committed that he is a victim
of I mean aren't most people the victims
of crime eventually you know most of us
are victims of one crime or another um I
think most of you have had to call the
police at one time in your life who the
hell is going to believe anything that
Jesse smallet tells the
police so the next time he he needs the
police that might not go so well for him
I don't know if they're even going to
believe it anyway
so that's the argument why I'm
personally not bothered by a light
sentence I think it might be better for
the country if we say look what you did
looks pretty bad to us nobody got hurt
you got embarrassed I hope everybody
learned their lesson let's let's not
make this worse than it needs to be
let's let's be you know understanding
about whatever it was that caused that
um is hard to understand here's the next
here's my last
point would Jesse Smet have done
anything things any of the things he did
without the influence of the
illegitimate
media if somebody is hypnotized or
brainwashed into doing the thing they do
does the legal system treat them exactly
the same as if they came up with the
idea on their own uh look at the Patty
Hurst story Patty Hurst
was kidnapped and allegedly brainwashed
into becoming a a uh bank
robber by The sanese Liberation Army and
I believe she got off because the
argument was that she had literally been
brainwashed has Jesse Smet literally
been brainwashed by the
media undoubtably there there isn't the
slightest case there's not the slightest
chance that he was not
literally brainwashed by the media now
that's not a full defense but it should
have an impact on how much you penalize
somebody anyway um those of you who say
let me be very clear those of you who
say the law is the law and it looks like
it wasn't followed in this case you
should have a significant penalty for
that I respect that opinion so you don't
need to argue with me because I'm
already saying that is a solid opinion
that he should be punished harder than
he was I'm not going to disagree with
you I'm just going to explain the the
counterargument that's all do with it
while you will um I
was quite amused to watch how CNN is
dealing with the fact that the Russia
collusion thing fell
apart and um I've told you before that
the way you can tell what the editorial
you know the high level editorial
direction is for CNN is you look at the
stories that are on the top left because
that those are the important ones so at
the highest level apparently I mean I
don't know this for sure but it's it
seems evident that there's some kind of
larger Direction because for example
today every I think every story on CNN
on the top left is about
Healthcare let me check and see see if
that's still the case all right so in
order these are the headlines on the top
left of CNN ending Obamacare would be a
headache for
Trump uh something about the support the
the court and healthc care ObamaCare
it's the next one the real reason Trump
wants to get rid of Obamacare okay
they're
all they're basically all health care
now when was the last time that CNN was
so concerned about Healthcare now it's
of course it's driven by a story that a
court has over apparently says Obamacare
is um non constitutional or whatever
they're saying I I don't care about the
details but the point is Obamacare is
under uh you know under risk of
Disappearing at the same time the GOP
has just nothing they they have nothing
that looks like a plan so this is one of
those be careful while you wish for
things because if Obamacare disappeared
tomorrow uh Trump could not get elected
reelected right so if Obamacare really
just went away and it really just took
you know however many millions of people
off of Health Care it wouldn't matter
what else went
right it just wouldn't matter what else
went right that would be enough to deny
him reelection so President should be
careful of what he wishes for if he
doesn't have a replace placement the
last thing you want is for the Obamacare
to go away right away because that's a
bad
look let me
suggest what a republican plan for
Health Care should look like in a
general sense um I've said before that
the best approach against the Democrats
at least the green New Deal part of the
democratic party is the statement that
capitalism can deliver what socialism
promises
capitalism can
deliver what socialism
promises but it doesn't work the other
way around and the the second thing that
you uh that should be said about the
green New Deal and full socialism is
that it's
risky because we have a system that has
problems but it's working we have a
solid economy um I think there maybe
something like 16% or 18% don't have
healthcare insurance that's
not that's not as big a problem as it's
been in the past it's a big problem and
we should solve it but it's hard to get
people to make a big risky change to A
system that could doom doom the planet
to Annihilation I mean if you get
capitalism
wrong you could ruin the whole planet so
um a big socialist experiment would be
by far the riskiest thing that that the
world has ever experienced probably
riskier than maybe literally everything
I don't know if anything would be a
bigger risk than
that the by the way the bad arguments
against socialism go like this here are
the bad
arguments we don't want to become
Venezuela well it's true we don't want
to become Venezuela but I don't think
anybody on the left fears that I think
people look at Venezuela and they go
well that's not us you know whatever
happened there it's unlikely that that
exact stuff is going to happen to us we
don't have a dictator blah blah blah so
I don't think it's convincing it might
be
true that that we could end up like
Venezuela I mean I'm not sure exactly
how that would look but it's just not
persuasive to the other
team um the other thing that's not
persuasive is that socialism has Ked
killed hundreds of million people in the
past and led to dictatorships and misery
Beyond
Compare it's
true but it's not persuasive and the
reason is that I've never heard anybody
yet make any kind of a connective
argument it's like okay well socialism
ruins everything and I know it's
happened in the past but they're all
different cases like explain to me why
socialism ruins everything that's supp
part nobody really does a good job of
explaining and it goes like I and I'm
not even sure I know the argument so
I'll tell you what I think the argument
is and maybe somebody can correct me and
I need correction on this I think the
argument goes like this that when you um
centralize
control either of the entire government
or if you start with let's say
Healthcare and that becomes centralized
in the government
that whenever you centralize
control abuse happens because there
there are too few people in charge of
something big and those few people can
become corrupt too easily too much power
not enough control but does that happen
every time and is there some situation
that causes that abuse to happen and
some situation that causes it not to
happen I don't really
know so the argument is is too
conceptual um so arguing that uh
socialist policies about well let me let
me say how how it sounds to the left
when you argue that socialism leads to
hundreds of millions of death and
centralization and abuse of power and
all that that could be completely true
here's what the left hears you're
telling me that if my health care
improves it's the end of the world
do you see how
stupid the argument from the right
looks okay explain to me
genius how having 16% more Health Care
you know that's how many people are
uncovered um or something like that it's
in that range uh explain to me how that
leads to
dictatorship because that just sounds
crazy now it might be true but it's
completely unpr unpr persuasive so the
argument that is persuasive is that any
radical changes to a system that's at
least working even if it has problems is
the riskiest thing you can do and nobody
likes risk when they don't need it the
only time you should introduce risk is
when you're sort of in a bad situation
and you don't have much to lose um
overstating the case but you know the
more desperate your situation the more
risk you should be willing to take on to
fix it and if things are going well the
less risk you should introduce to the
systems that's that's the better
argument everybody understands
risk all right so what here's what the
Republicans should do they should
package up the things that they're
already doing right and the things that
they plan to do right the the capitalism
um can deliver what socialism promises
when you're talking about Healthcare
you could say all right capitalism is
what got 75% of you health care so we we
got that part capitalism is what makes
sure that even the people who don't have
health care insurance still get health
care because they do they might have to
go to an emergency room it might be a
waste of resources might be the worst
way to do it but they still get health
care and capitalism delivered that now
how do you make it
better um a a market-based
Republican approach would first of all
look at the regulation cutting and the
streamlining of uh let's say competition
and that would include things that
they're actually doing but for reasons
that that Bogle my mind they don't talk
about enough so the the weirdest part
about the Republicans in healthc care is
that they're doing actually good stuff
that they put out a press release from
you know whoever puts out those press
releases and then you don't really hear
about it one of those things is uh
pushing to make it easier to FastTrack
generic drugs because apparently the the
rule is that when the third or is it the
second generic hits the market uh it's
more than one but I think when you need
if as soon as you get that second
generic or third that the price of the
original drug Just plummets So the
faster you can FastTrack the generics
the lower the prices will be for the
public so the the Administration has
actually made changes to FastTrack that
that's a really big deal I don't think
they're selling that enough they've made
a number of other changes that involve I
know uh doing things across state lines
uh Etc so there are probably a dozen or
so rules changes to make things more
Market based and competitive that could
be packaged up and they say all right
this is what we've done and this is what
we plan to do more of here's some here's
some more so we've already done these
rules changes to make things more
competitive and now we're going to do
these these extra things also so that
would be one part of the package but
they should all be together and they
should be presented as as here's what
we've done here's what we're going to do
the next thing would be to look at um
States apparently some some states are
looking at their own healthc care plans
the the smartest thing the president
could do is to back it just back it and
say I love the fact that the states are
experimenting why don't we watch it for
a year see if it works and and pick the
good parts if there are any good parts
see what that
does so and then the the last part would
be spurring Innovation the part that the
I think the administration is just
missing an action on this even though
they're probably doing it so I'm going
to blame the the government for um the
current Administration for not doing
enough of something that they might
actually be doing I just don't hear
about it and maybe that's the problem
which is stimulating the new new
entrepreneurial Health Care businesses
um you know making sure they get funding
and attention making sure the government
gives them whatever resources make sense
for a government to help out with so if
we could focus on and package up that
even as a fund the you know could even
be just an investment fund of
specifically companies who are in the
health care space but here's the key
they're not just a new cool
[Laughter]
thing e
and I see if that makes any
difference no
[Music]
sound all right um
well I'm going to turn it off and I'll
be back I'll be back I'll be back okay