[Music]
um hey everybody come on in
Barney it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams the best coffee with Scott Adams
of the weekend yeah it's gonna be that
good and a lot of it has to do with the
thing called the simultaneous impass and
it goes like this all you need is a cup
or mug or a glass detector chelators not
a canteen jacket a flask it has a little
bitty kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better except for the news
today which is kind of stupid but we'll
talk about that join me now for this
simultaneous epic cup well just when you
thought things couldn't get any stupider
they did took a new turn alright here's
my favorite story of the day we'll start
with the funny stuff so see you then as
you know dislikes president Trump Potter
doe is I'd be aware of that
it hasn't been covered much but yes yeah
them doesn't like President Trump and so
when they run a story that could be
favorable to him in any way whatsoever
watching how they word it is just
fascinating so so here's a story about a
team of researchers doctors who are
looking at all the existing the drugs
that might work on coronavirus that they
were doing a real detailed die of
apparently this is something they've
done before which they look at all the
existing things and see what might be
repurposed so I look at this study and I
say to myself huh this is going to be a
story they asked to talk about
hydroxychloroquine how will they speak
of it
so I I started at the top it's like blah
blah blah this other drug other drug
other drug other drug other drug other
drugs now if this has been the Fox News
they might've been Shin
hydroxychloroquine a little bit sooner
but I'd see it at you have to really
look for it's like I got to read quite a
bit to get down to this log article
there it was so I have to redo the exact
language to see how they make something
that might be good
sounded like something that might be bad
you ready all right it says one drug the
anti-malarial drug hydroxychloroquine it
has famously received a lot of
boosterism
from US President Donald Trump right so
the setup is this is president Trump's
drug all right so here's the next thing
they say about it but yet the published
studies available for Feigenbaum team to
review the drug hasn't outperformed
others hasn't outperformed others is
that what you say about a drug that
doesn't work do you say that it hasn't
performed others and do you know what it
says about the others
some of them might work that's right so
a study in which one of the main
findings is that this inexpensive widely
available drug the President Trump likes
apparently works apparently works
according to these researchers not
according to me of course I don't know
but the way they have to word it is the
drug hasn't outperformed others but the
the study the whole study shows the some
of them probably work of course has to
be tested further but there's some
indication of it and then it goes into
this sort of tortured argument about why
well the two French studies on iDrive
chloroquine they drew red flags for the
University of Pennsylvania all right so
these are the guys searching it
it drew red flags
did I say that about any of the other
drugs today the other drugs draw any red
flags probably not because of the time
it takes to clear the body and
ba-ba-ba-ba so the two studies that were
positive are not are not conclusive but
that would be true of just about all the
studies I would think anyway so that's
how see if that covers good news the
president is saying that since he
composed this new ten year term for
defacing statues that hasn't happened is
that true have no statues been defaced
since the president slept a higher
penalty of it and I guess he tweeted 15
different times pictures of people who
tried to deface that I think it was the
Andrew Jackson statue do you think a ten
year prison term is going to stop him
because the President himself is
tweeting the photos of the perpetrators
he did 15 separate tweets of official
wanted poster so they show the faces and
these people how many of you have any of
them you think you've been caught by now
probably few probably a few so I would
think that some of these people are
going to jail for a long time let's see
if that cuts down on it so the the Trump
campaign is probably over well now in
about 30 minutes or so whether whether
he's still running the story that this
comes from is apparently the not
apparently this happened I thought the
president tweeted a video which some
senior citizens were protesting each
other some pro Trump some anti Trump so
as bunch of old people yelling at each
other but a prominent part of it is one
of the old people who supports Trump
yelling white power white power some old
man in that golf cart and the president
tweeted that so somebody says it's a
hoax
it's not a hoax that you tweeted it so
of course this has CNN salivating but I
don't know if that video is still up and
the president hasn't said oops I didn't
see that part probably this campaign
will be over and half an hour or so so
if you want to know what the if you want
to know what the slaughter beater says
now zero the zero so the slaughter meter
is set at zero while that video remains
unexplained and still up there isn't any
chance you can win at this point all
right oh and by the way don't ask me to
explain that one all right we have to
listen to the president's explanation if
he gives one if he doesn't give one then
I would say that would be the end of his
end of his chance to get reelected all
right there is here's a fun story the
reports of an explosion or in iran's
eastern mountains caused by a cyber
attack huh when would that would have
come from a cyber attack against Iran it
turned the facility on itself
destroying Iran's Shahab long-range
missile force stored in the Khajjiar
tunnel base complex as well as the solid
fuel production facility
what a cyberattack just blew up a whole
a whole tunnel of complex somehow in
Iran and destroyed the there Shahab
a long range of missile force but it's a
little unclear because it says the
missile force stored in the tunnel but
that's that necessarily the entire
missile force is it did one cyberattack
take out Iran's entire long-range
missile capability that seems like a lot
why would they keep it all in one place
and maybe they did I know so we won't we
hear anymore about that I don't think
because it was a secret operation by
somebody somebody who could it be
we don't know
so I guess there's some faint news from
the New York Times today anonymous
source that the President had been
briefed that Russia was was offering
bounties to Afghanistan people to kill
Americans and the story is that the
president you know didn't do anything
about that and of course the president
says fake news nobody ever briefed any
of us that so let's let's a nd cap this
what do you think of the odds that an
anonymous source from the New York Times
would have a story that's really bad for
the president that involves Russia it
Falls Russia and nobody else in the room
was aware of it does that sound familiar
in any way it is the least credible
story of all stories if you were to rank
stories from most credible to least
where would you put a New York Times
story in the summer before an election
with an anonymous source that involves
Russia and nobody else in the room heard
it where would you put that your list of
credible stories at the bottom at the
bottom right there's nothing you'll hear
today there's nothing you'll hear ever
there would be less credible than
something that has all of those
qualities nothing there's literally
nothing less credible than that
but because it still has that a New York
Times on it and people are sort of stuck
in the past they imagine that that's
news of some sort they still think it's
news so that'll be out there forever so
I've told you that's always a big
mistake to check Twitter right before
you try to go to sleep have you ever
made that mistake because Twitter is
designed well I would say designed I'll
say that it evolved to a point where it
gets you excited when you look at your
tweets right it jacked you up
so last night I'm getting ready to fall
asleep I like the bow oh look at Twitter
one more time okay there's a death
threat against be in public I don't
think I'm gonna sleep so well tonight so
that's the last thing I look at
before I go to sleep as a death threat
against me so now you might say to
yourself Scott a death threat on Twitter
but pretty sure that's against their
policy well we will find out because I
did report it and I'm gonna tell you
what I consider a death threat and then
I want you to put your your opinion on
it and we're gonna look at the Twitter
rules that seem to be appropriate
because I printed them out then you tell
me if this tweet should stay up it's a
gray area it's a gray area so here's the
here's the tweet it's from somebody at a
headline zoo with three o's I guess
headlines ooh all one word with three
o's at the end and this is responding to
that fake news New York Times story that
I just mentioned here's the tweet it
should have been clear from the
beginning Trump is a traitor what's to
be said about his hashtag Vichy
Republican enablers at real James Woods
at Scott Adams says so here is somebody
who has declared that Trump is a traitor
because the fake news New York Times
story that didn't happen and that two
people in the world should be called out
as being Vichy Republican enablers now
here's how I interpret that yet the
vichy meaning the this refers to world
war two help me with my history here so
I'm just I'm just waiting it it would be
the the French pseudo government that
was under the German control in World
War two
essentially traitors to their own
country because they were bowing to
Germany
of being revenue instead of joining the
resistance I guess so what happened to
the Vichy government after Germany was
defeated this is where I need a little
help on my yeah I need a little help on
my history here did the government
officials known as the Vichy the Vichy
government were they rounded up and
 killed just guessing
would you call somebody a Vichy
Republican are you not saying by
reference that they are in a category of
people that nobody would care and it
might even be a good idea to round them
up and kill them right yeah they were
sprung up they were all executed all
right so is it fair to say there's
somebody labeling me in a category that
is even you would say might be executed
like even you would say you know there's
Vichy traders if they got executed well
well good for the good for the people
because that was probably exactly what
needed to be done right so by putting me
publicly in the category that not only
loves me with James Woods who I blocked
a long time ago just for being a crazy
dick and if you don't like that that's
okay I don't care he's sort of a crazy
dick and I blocked him a long time ago
didn't want to see anything that came in
if his tortured happen anymore all right
so I I interpreted this as a death
threat but let's see if the Twitter
rules would would ban this person now I
I reported it last night and as of a few
moments ago it's still alive they kept
the account ism so here are the rules
Twitter rules and I'm just picking a few
rules out of there many rules but these
are the ones I think apply abuse
harassment you may not engage in the
targeted harassment of someone or incite
others to do so this includes wishing or
hoping that someone experiences physical
harm now would you say that that
comparing me to to the Vichy Republic a
group of people who were strung up by
their own public justifiably I would say
justifiably there were traitors do you
think that it is targeted first of all
is it targeted because she mentions me
by name yes is it harassment of someone
I wouldn't call it harassment exactly
although it's it is that of course yeah
it is harassment of someone or incite
others to do so does that tweet incite
others to be to act against me in any
harassing way well of course it is of
course it is and this includes wishing
or hoping that someone experiences
physical harm well I think that's pretty
clear if somebody somebody compares you
to a Vichy government they are publicly
and explicitly wishing or hoping that
some would experiences physical harm now
I'm not a mind-reader right but I don't
know how else you would interpret it
however however if this were the only
thing that Twitter said then you say oh
okay this is obviously a violation but
it's not the only thing Twitter says
because you have to worry about those
times when people use words
hyperbolically that everyone knows has
no violent intent for example if I said
I'll kill you if you do that again
everybody knows you don't need to kill
them it's just a choice of words so
Twitter has some more language that goes
into that in a different section you
have to go look for it but it's there
it says statements that express a wish
or hope that someone experiences
physical harm okay that's what we're
talking about making vague or indirect
threats
what's the vague or indirect it's kind
of a judgement call or threatening
actions that are and here's the key
phrase unlikely to cause serious or
lasting injury or lasting injury lasting
injury what the hell is lasting injury
if somebody incites somebody to punch me
in the face
but I recover is that elastic injury how
do you define elastic injury that's a
tough one kind of subjective so if it's
unlikely to cause serious or lasting
injury are not actionable under this
policy but may be reviewed in action
under those policies so they take the
they reserve the right to review them
but they say we're not automatically
bound essentially by our own rules if it
looks like it's not it's not a real
thing not real in the sense that is
unlikely to translate into any kind of
action now here's the problem here's the
problem if you were to look at this one
person making one tweet could you make
the argument that this by itself is
likely to cause me any harm well even I
would say that's pretty unlikely pretty
unlikely all right we'll take care of a
few people who seem to be suffering doo
doo doo let's see we'll get rid of that
one we'll get rid of that one you'll get
rid of anybody else anybody else all
right so we got rid of a few trolls and
so here's my point in this if one person
refers to you one time on Twitter as
being part of a Vichy Vichy government
there's no real harm wouldn't you say
one person one time calls you a traitor
yeah nothing but what happens if it
becomes part of the pattern because you
don't well when Trump loses because at
this point if that tweet is still up
there he can't possibly win when Trump
loses will people actually come after
people like me well if there's more of
this yes so how do you treat a tweet
that this person probably hopes would
become popular if it doesn't become
popular as one tweet it's one
crazy person it really doesn't make much
difference to me or anybody else how do
you judge this so we'll I'll give you an
update on this in my opinion this is a
call to a call to violence which by
itself is weak but if it were to gain
steam it would actually kill me it would
actually kill me I would actually be
dead literally dead
if this thought picked up popularity
because sooner or later somebody would
say hey they really mean this I'll take
a crack in let me say as clearly as I
can to anybody who wants to take a crack
at me later it won't go well so if
anybody decides they want to try to take
me out today or any time in the future
my only advice is make sure you get it
done because you don't want to miss
because I may not be as inefficient as
you are the Justin Welby the Archbishop
of Canterbury and head of the Church of
England says they're reconsidering their
portray portrayal of Jesus as a white
man so Jesus is about to get about to
get a redo get a remake now the
interesting thing about all these
stories of the things that have to be
renamed and changed and stuff is that
some of them are perfectly reasonable in
my opinion in my opinion remaking
historical Jesus to look like the actual
person who you know what it would have
looked like seems reasonable
you know I'm not a believer so I don't
have a vote I don't care if I don't care
if it gets done I don't care if it
doesn't get done but it's certainly in
the reasonable category so I don't buy
that one but here are some of the fun
ones the you know Yale Harvard Columbia
Princeton they're all named after
basically slave owners or their yeah
basically slave owners people who were
involved in slavery Columbus Yale
Harvard the prince referred to with
Princeton was King William they all had
slaves so I guess the windrow would
Wilson there was something within
Princeton that was called the Woodrow
Wilson something they changed that name
because Woodrow Wilson was a massive
racist sure he did some good stuff but
he was also a massive racist and I'm
thinking to myself I'd like to I'd like
to suggest a compromise but the
compromise is this instead of changing
the names of all these slavers how about
we do this we just come up with like a
copyright symbol except instead of
copyright it would be like a little
let's say an S for slavery yeah I guess
R and C are already taken from a
register and copyright so you'd have
some kind of like a little letter you
put after it so would let's say is s for
slavers so it'd be like Harvard s
where'd you go I went to Princeton yes
that where'd you get your degree Yale
yes I'm just kidding they'll never do
that but watching this take place is
quite fascinating I gotta say I have
mixed opinions about it all I have mixed
opinions
yeah the mixed opinions go like this I
think that if we were starting from
scratch to name all these things there's
no way in hell we wouldn't name
everything after slave owners you know
if nothing had a name and we were saying
well let's just start naming all our
buildings and our stuff we never did
that before but let's let's put
somebody's name on this stuff let's
build a statue I don't know that we
would do it that way if we started today
do we have a right to change history
well here's the thing let me let me let
me give you a little science here - red
pill you are these the statues and such
it goes like this if you think that your
physical environment is not programming
you you're wrong your physical
environment is part of the everyday
programming before you become before
example if you live somewhere where you
don't have much light you're programmed
to be in the worst mood because light is
good for you it gives you a vitamin D
helps your mood it helps your health so
simply having a house that doesn't have
windows in the right place will actually
program you to be sad and unhappy and
less successful less healthy maybe it's
that simple
you got light you're a little bit
healthier and happier you got no life
you're not but this extends also to
things like color and design and you
know do you feel claustrophobic do you
feel creative or if you're a person who
needs order are you in a messy
environment because imagine being
somebody who really needs something you
know I don't know if it'd be OCD but
whatever it is that you did things just
where they belong
but you unfortunately you have it you
don't have a choice you live in a house
where everything's just a mess what
would that do to your brain imagine what
that does to your brain think about it
it programs you now take the if
generalize from this we know that
everything in your environment can
program you and pretty immediately and
pretty grossly
alright now let me make up a an example
that isn't real okay let's say you're
afraid of dogs we'll just take that as a
given right most of you are not afraid
of dogs but let's say you were attacked
by a dog when you're a kid and you are
afraid of dogs
is that reasonable is it reasonable for
a person to be afraid of dogs if they
were attacked by dogs I would say you
would say well it might be irrational
but it's quite reasonable that they
would be if you were attacked by
something you'd have a little PTSD about
it what do you do just make sense people
go through the a war will have some PTSD
so now imagine you had some PTSD about
dogs but you had to live in the dog
museum it's like there are pictures of
dogs on the wall there's a statue of a
dog there's a you know there's audio
playing of dogs barking you're living in
a dog museum but you're afraid of dogs
and you have a good reason to be afraid
of dogs because one
attacked you once what does that do to
you yeah how do you like that do you
like living there the answer is no no
that would program you very negatively
you would be able to perform in life you
couldn't be as happy you just never be
happy so the point is that that the
declarations literally the decorations
the choice of color the choice of a
painting on a wall the way the room is
is organized will program you in real
time it will program you in real time
now those of you who are saying if I
have to estimate I'd say at least 80% of
you listening to this or saying some
form of this oh my god Scott you know we
all have Bessy rules we all have to go
through life there's no way this is as
powerful as you're making it out to be
yeah we all have we all have to ride the
bus sometimes and the bus is now pretty
I get it Scott we'd all like to live in
a nice place like you do but you know
that's life it's a messy life we're all
that we're all affected the same way
don't make a big thing about it it's
nothing and I think you're completely
wrong I think that the power of your
your physical environment is way
stronger than you you think it is now of
course the analogy that I made to the
dog the analogies are not persuasive so
don't look to the analogy for the
persuasion that was just to give you an
idea what I'm talking about here's the
persuasion yes
if I told you you had to live in the
space that was very very unkind to you
personally but it wouldn't bother me
am i a good person by a good person if I
say hey you're a guest in my house I've
got three bedrooms they're all available
for you to use but I want you to use the
one that has the dog pictures use the
one with the dog pictures yeah I know
you're afraid of dogs and you'll be
traumatized you have PTSD and you won't
be able to sleep but it doesn't bother
me
I'm not afraid of dogs so if I'm not
afraid of dogs I don't care if you sleep
in the dog bedroom even though there are
two other bedrooms that don't have dog
pictures of it why do I care because I'm
not afraid the dogs that that's sort of
what I'm saying so the reason that I'm
anti statue but I'm not in favor of
taking them down in some non legal right
away yeah every everything has to go
through the process because that's
that's how we're organized that's how
society works so I think everything has
to go through a legal process but I
think the complaint overall is quite
real now is anybody has anybody ever
been traumatized by the name's Yale
Harvard Princeton or Columbia no no
nobody has ever been traumatized because
Harvard is named after a slaver it just
hasn't happened I don't think anybody
knew until this year I didn't know or at
least the public didn't know I didn't
know so certainly things have gone too
far but if you ask me what I want to
live in a world where there was a statue
to slave owners if if I had some you
know generational PTSD about that I'd
say no I'd like to get rid of those
statues but if you told me to change the
name of these colleges I'd say that's
too far but it's not up to me so we'll
see if the liberal institutions can live
with their own rules
do you remember youtuber jenna Marbles
very very popular blogged woman who
didn't funny youtubes she was gigantic
she canceled herself for her own bad
behavior in the past because she did
blackface and made tasteless jokes Shane
Dawson who was another gigantic youtuber
and by the way if you have never heard
these names people like Shane Dawson and
Jenna Marbles would be like you know
like the cast of friends basically on
television that's how popular they are
on YouTube they're they're gigantic
names
YouTube but if you're not at that world
you haven't heard it them probably
gigantic names what just basically
apologized for his entire past but I
can't believe that he'd been apparently
he did blackface a number of times in
the YouTube you know era and he didn't
get canceled for doing blackface a
number of times already
how many times and jennamarbles - how
many times can you do blackface and not
get cancelled is it only this year this
is the first year people are getting
canceled for this stuff what's going on
with that alright
so it's mostly fake news and the crota
virus and and that that video PTSD isn't
always about being afraid that is
correct
somebody says stop apologizing alright
I'm gonna block you whoever said stop
apologizing in capital letters a gonna
block you bail and here's the thing did
you hear me apologize did anybody hear
anything this sounded like an apology
nope I did not know I don't know if
that's directed to me or not but I'm
sure somebody'll tell me I would like it
when people shout in capitals on my
comments why is Trump losing though well
there's a video in which the president
retweeted of a guy yelling white power
now if that's still up yeah you know the
thing is the only defense against that
does he didn't really look at it you
know didn't really watch the video
before he tweeted it was right anybody
who's ever tweeted a video they haven't
actually watched maybe five times a day
that's right yeah people tweet things
that they have not read and videos they
have not watched I do it literally every
day probably there hasn't been a single
day of tweeting
I'm just guessing in four years in which
I haven't tweeted something I haven't
read or I haven't read it or somebody
says it's down and most of you are
saying is still up yeah now you know if
it's still up and I will hear some real
good excuse I mean about obviously so I
don't think any of you should support
him if he keeps that up
somebody says you've taught us not to
trust videos exactly that's why you
should wait to hear what they say I mean
you should reserve your judgment until
you hear what the Year and the full
story but the only the only explanation
I could imagine the only one I can
imagine is that he didn't watch it
before he tweeted it and nobody did but
it's been up there for a while how's
that so it could be that they don't know
how to take it down meaning they don't
want to just take it down because then
it might look like they meant it but
they got it was scared off it so maybe
they're thinking of some do don't agree
he's losing somebody said they weighed
in on this and was restate was
restricted for 59 seconds the racist
video is still up you know it's it's
going to be a interesting case if he
decides to defend it I don't think
that's going to happen but who knows
whatever and here's the question you
know I've been telling you that because
the conversation about race and the
police in particular has gotten deeper
there are things that you can say there
are things you can say that you just
couldn't say before so you actually can
say things you were saying so if
somebody says the old guy is joking or
sarcastic doesn't really matter doesn't
that I don't think that wouldn't matter
it anyway because there are some things
that you shouldn't be joking about
and so so here's the thing if the old
band have yelled you know
Heil Hitler of course you know that
would be the worst if he'd yelled white
supremacy terrible white nationalism
terrible but what if he just yelled
white power yeah there there might be an
interesting free speech case here and I
would be fascinated if the president
decided to to back it now I think it
would be the end of his presidency
putting right anyway and that would be
this is there any reason that that guy
can't yell white power if if there are
other people yelling black power and you
know other slogans is that just an
opinion because it's not racist to say
that your own group is good is it to
just say that you know you want your
group to have power it's kind of
interesting we'll see if anybody
supports it I don't think you can go
there to support it but I'd love to see
what other people do about it now do I
personally think that an old man has the
right to yell that phrase of course of
course all banky yell anything he wants
you know he wasn't it wasn't an insult
to anybody he was just asserting he was
just asserting something about white
people and I think you're allowed to
assert things about yourself if you're
not claiming superiority and this at
least in this society so we'll see where
where that goes
somebody says it's just not great
judgment you know what do you when you
reach a certain age I don't know if you
care do you
because the old man is probably just
having a great time today he's probably
looking at the news and saying LuAnn I
did everybody hey you see this the
president's talking about me everybody's
talking about me ah somebody says what
if he said black power yeah so the point
is if if it had been completely legal to
say black power is this guy
is this will this guy be banned forever
for saying white power now the
difference of course is that there's a
presumed difference in power if you're
the one who doesn't have power or you
know society looks at it that way then
say hey elbonian power nobody cares if
you're a lower low power or presumed to
be not having enough power but if you're
the one who has power that it just looks
like a dictator doesn't it so context
does matter
old lady yelling bouncy is that okay
oh good point yeah so the the old lady
who was yelling at the guy they calling
him a Nazi yes she should be condemned
equally I would say but we she was a
white woman that yelling at a white man
I don't know it gets complicated gets
complicated he was being called a racist
for supporting Trump and maybe he
responded by yelling white power just to
bother her baby but you know no it
doesn't matter what his intentions were
doesn't I don't think it matters Trump
would be up ten if he would just put
down his phone somebody says yeah you
just ruined Trump's election but he's
having a great day
Scarborough thinks Trump is trying to
lose you know when I I've heard a few
people say that didn't didn't make sure
that you asked the question if Trump
were trying to lose how would it look
different right how would I would it
look different if he were trying to lose
and you know of course that's a sort of
a trick question because you know you
can say the same thing about Biden it
looks like Biden was trying to lose you
probably say it about anybody alright um
somebody says oh my god the sky is
falling today you know is you know there
probably will be 25 surprises between
now and like
day so you know we might not even be
talking about this by tomorrow we'll see
but it would be really interesting if
Trump decided to say hey that guy can
yell that if the woman could call it but
not see you can yell anything he wants
back maybe it could you know if the
president is keeping it up there let me
say this if the president isn't says
yeah I can see why that would it be
offensive but freedom of speech then I
would actually back him for it I think I
could actually get behind that yeah as
long as he said yeah you know I don't
buy the statement but freedom of speech
aye-aye-aye I doubt I could publicly
support that too much but privately I'd
be saying to myself that's good point
yeah I don't have to back anybody but I
can back their ability to to say
obnoxious things in public yeah so other
people say he's acting like he wants to
lose why would he walk to lose why would
he want to lose it would be quite a you
know quite a change from anything we've
seen from him but the only reason I can
imagine even what to lose is if he has
some health issues we don't know about
if I were that age and I had some health
issues I'd say you know maybe you would
be just as well if I went out after one
term but we have no indication of
anything like that so unless I order a
reason and they would have to be health
reasons I think anything short of a
health reason I'm not sure I would
believe so buddy the comment says I just
awoke from a coma for the past six
months what am i missed that's pretty
funny all right
somebody says I've white and I don't
feel very powerful
well you'd better crank up your white
privilege then what are you missing that
is the speech on the street all right
somebody says I doubt Trump is making a
play here I doubt it too but we'll see
how it turns out all right I got nothing
else for you go enjoy your day