bit Tesla's down 5% I'll tell you I'm
getting tired of this stocks going down
stuff I think there's going to be more
of it before there's less of
it but let's get our uh comments going
and then I'll give you the show that you
deserve you deserve
it yeah I'm no joy
bayar but I'll do the best I
can all right so you go there go there
n
there and there we
go comments O
[Music]
Plenty good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure he never
had a better time but if you want to
take this up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a CER mug or a
glass a tiger Chels a Stein a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now if the unparallel
pleasure the dop me of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous sip happens now
go everything's
working well we got new news
today so question number one now that
the funding for usaid is being cut is
that related to the high level firings
we're seeing in the
media is that why
msnbc's cutting some of their expensive
Talent or is it just a coincidence and
they're not doing well so obviously they
have to make some changes I don't know
but uh as you know Joy Reed her show
ended she had her last show I guess uh
yesterday
and um Rachel matow didn't take it well
so Rachel Mano uh goes on her own show
to complain about Joy Reed being fired
and she said uh that she's learned so
much from
her as we all have really we have so
much and she has so much more to teach
her Rachel says and I'm wondering what
else does Joy Reed have to teach her I
feel like we saw a lot of her lessons
but I think the lesson is you should
blame everybody for being a racist so
that would be the the big
takeaway um and Rachel mat said I do not
want to lose her as a colleague here at
MSNBC personally I think it's a bad
mistake to let her walk out the door it
is not my call and I understand that but
that's what I think now it gets better
here here's the payoff Rachel M said I
will tell you it's also un nerving to
see that on a network where we have two
canum two nonwhite hosts in Prime Time
both of our nonwhite hosts in prime time
are losing their show uh oh shows as is
Katie Fang on the weekend and that feels
worse than bad no matter who replaces
them it feels indefensible and I do not
defend
it now if there's anything that could
make me happier than watching Joy Reed
being taken off the air it's watching
Rachel matow call her own company racist
for taking Joy Reed off the air now I
think that that's what she learned from
Joy Reed to just call everybody racist
all the time you don't have to do
anything else that's that's the entire
game and uh when you only have that one
speed the only thing that that you do is
call everything
racist you know that's going to get
turned against your own company right it
wasn't any way that uh there wasn't any
way that that wouldn't work out poorly
even on paper if I said to you all right
here's the deal there's going to be this
network and the people in the network
are going to call everybody and
everything
racist here's what I would have warned
the
network you know that's eventually going
to be turned on you right you can't hire
a whole bunch of people who only have
one speed that's racist it's racist as
racist as racist it's racist as racist
and then expect that when you make a
change that they don't like that they're
not going to call you a
racist of course they are of course they
are it doesn't matter what reasons you
have doesn't matter at
all anyway what one of the things that
Rachel M probably is suffering from now
is that as long as Joy Reed still had a
job Rachel matto fell safe because
because Joy Reed was even crazier so it
made Rachel matow look sort of moderate
but once Joy Reed is gone now Rachel mat
will look like the the craziest one on
the
network and it's going to make her feel
like she might be next and I'm surprised
she wasn't just because of her
pay um how did other people take it well
Angela
Ry who's a black woman who uh which is
important to the story uh she was a
former CNN
commentator and she calls for a
boycott a boycott of
MSNBC because they fired Joy Reed and I
guess that makes him racist I don't know
and then Keith alberman you know my
mascot Keith
olberman uh he said uh he said in a post
breaking MSNBC racist Purge
escalates they names the people who were
out so
so the the left is getting attacked by
Keith olberman for being
racist are we supposed to enjoy this as
much as we
are now I I never like to say only
negative things so I want to say one
positive thing one of the things that
Rachel mat said in her little speech
about what happened is that Rachel mat
was 51 years old and I thought to myself
damn whatever you're doing for skin care
is working does she look
51 I think I would have
guessed 40 that's pretty impressive but
whatever she does for
Health it sure works on camera anyway so
good for her all right do you want me to
uh make everybody mad all right now I'm
going to make everybody mad you all saw
the story and you want me to talk about
it where Dan khaw was qu on an open mic
saying about Tucker Carlson quote if I
ever meet Tucker Carlson I'll effing
kill him I'm not
joking now this of course caused
everybody to say you crazy you crazy
anac contr control person how crazy can
you
be um and Tucker cleverly invited him to
come on the show to see how it turns
out I don't think Tucker was too worried
wor um now you should probably know that
Tucker has you know been quite a Critic
of K Shaw he's called him unstable in
the past and says he needs help I don't
I don't know about any of that but um I
had to ask Chad gbt to remind me why it
is that so many magga people don't like
khaw and it said generic stuff tell me
if this sounds right that khaw was more
what they called now this is remember
this is just AI this just chat gbt said
that khaw is more traditional
conservative as opposed to a mega
populist and he has sometimes wanted to
do bipartisan things that the um that
the magga people didn't like and he has
sometimes criticized Trump which the
mega people don't like now I don't know
is there more to it probably that sounds
kind of generic but here's my
take and I'm I'm going to be consistent
with past takes about leaked audio and
video here's my take the person who's to
blame is the person who leaked it now
this is what I always say with a leaked
video because you have to recognize that
people say things in private that are
perfectly fine in private as soon as
somebody changes the context from
private to public which is what the
leaked video did they turned it into a
completely different message
because when it's private it's just the
way people
talk right have you ever said you want
to kill somebody privately and whoever
you're talking to knows you don't want
to kill them it's just something you say
when you're talking privately it's like
ah I would kill that person I mean it
now he also added I'm not joking but
that doesn't change it of course he's
not joking he's just saying that he you
know doesn't like
him so my rule is is this if something
would be perfectly ordinary in private
and then somebody some weasel some
 weasel decides to drop
that video to destroy your life it's the
weasel's fault so I'd like to know the
name of the weasel because the weasel is
who I have all of my hatred for right
now I mean I hate that guy or
woman whoever it is whoever leaked this
is just scum it's despicable because
they knew it would have this effect and
I'm sure they knew that he didn't mean
mean it seriously if you'd like to test
whether he meant it seriously I would
apply what I call the really filter
where you say really do do you really
think that if krenshaw and tuer Carlson
were in the same room that krenshaw
would really slay him really do any of
you believe that no none of you believe
that he would really slay him so it's
just talk and the things that you say
privately now I think it was a mistake
to assume it was private so that there's
definitely an error here and I think you
know Kena probably learned from that if
you've got microphones and people
standing around and you don't say that
kind of thing if there's a microphone
within 100 feet like that's the lesson
so K Shaw is not you know guilt-free
I would say that would be a public
person error now I've made the same
errors as myself I've definitely said
things in places where probably there
was a microphone and maybe I should have
been smarter but you know not if it
really hurt me so I have severe hatred
for who leaked it and uh don't take this
as me supporting everything that CAW
wants to do policy-wise or everything he
said or everything about his whole life
I don't know too much but this really
pisses me off the the fact that we would
treat khaw as the bad guy when the bad
guy is the leaker oh the bad guy is the
leaker does this sound familiar uh
sometimes you can just grab them by the
 if that had been private and
stayed private it was just two guys
talking and one of them didn't take it
seriously and the other one probably
didn't mean it seriously
it really had no impact if it stayed
private as soon as somebody leaked it it
changed the context because our brains
are such that we just imagine it as a
public statement because it is public
but it wasn't originally public whoever
changes the context is responsible for
the message period because that's not
the original message the original
message is two guys talking completely
different completely
different if if you've never heard two
guys talking privately maybe you
wouldn't understand
that anyway so yeah I have a strong
feeling about this but none of it's
about khaw and uh margorie Taylor green
asked them did you just say you you want
to kill my friend tuer Carlson and he
replied on X you know LOL no correct no
he does not actually literally want to
kill Tucker Carlson that would be crazy
anyway the US post office workers they
decided to protest any coming changes
from Trump um so there's some talk about
rolling the post office into the federal
government because right now it operates
somewhat independently but if they roll
it into the regular government it might
be in let's say the Commerce
Department oh I told my uh my pre-show
listeners this but it's worth repeating
um I've Incorporated AI into into my
morning process when I get ready for the
the show and I'm putting my notes
together there's always something that I
need a little more context and I don't
want to bother you know Googling it or
something um so I so I keep my AI on and
it's in voice mode um usually I just
push it into voice mode when I've got a
question and then I said if the post
office got absorbed by the federal
government you know what department
would it be in and it said well one of
them might be the Commerce department so
it's just it's just a great tool every
day I use it that way and it's really
really helpful uh yesterday it told me
that Apple was going to invest $500
million in the United States and I said
to
myself that doesn't really sound
like enough and then I checked and it
was 500
billion and then I went back to chat GP
and I said is it 500 million which you
just said or is it 500 billion and it
says oh it's billion so yeah you have to
watch it it's definitely not
100% sometimes it's it's still
hallucinating that's a pretty big
hallucination you know the difference
between millions and billions pretty big
pretty big anyway so here's my question
I saw I think it was Insurrection Barbie
asked this question on X or a version of
it
um so I'll just put this in my own words
so don't don't blame instraction Barbie
for my wording of this
but
hypothetically if the federal government
um absorbed the post office so that they
were just federal workers like everybody
else in the federal
government would it be possible for
Trump to order them to not deliver
mailin ballots and make it impossible to
vote with mailin ballots even if the
states um find it legal and and have
approved
it could he could you find that as like
a shortcut to say yeah you states can
say you want mail and ballots but I
control the post office and I just told
them that they're not in the business of
mailing
ballots now I'm guessing there's
probably some kind of rule or
legislation that says the post office
has to deliver kind of anything that
isn't
dangerous so I'm just guessing you know
I I would imagine to be some kind of
rule that says you have to deliver
whatever somebody wants you to deliver
but I feel like you could game that it
feels gameable you could do something
like well yes you can do it but people
would have to pay $100 per ballot and
that would be the postage would be $100
or yes you can do it but you have to
show your ID when you mail
or something like that these are the bad
ideas those are not meant to be serious
ideas but it just makes me
wonder is the change the potential
change in the post office leadership
meaning putting it in the federal
government as opposed to operating
independently could it could it take
care of mail and voting so I'll just
leave that for somebody who wants to
research that and get back to
me um you know I know we talk too much
about the Democrats they're uh almost
reasonable you know like the Carville
when he's not crazy and John Stewart
when he when sometimes he said something
that's you know not 100% pro-democrat
and not 100%
anti-a but a funny thing has happened
with this Doge stuff if you haven't
noticed um the Democrats have given up
on saying doge is a bad idea because the
country loves it you know by a pretty
good majority the country likes cutting
that waste Fraud and Abuse so you can't
really be a political party and say yeah
uh we want to preserve the waste Fraud
and Abuse and they finally figured that
out that they couldn't possibly be
against that so they've changed their
approach to talk about the method well
okay but the method you know the way
they're doing it we'll talk about that
but John Stewart takes it even further
so he does a uh uh pretty funny bit
where he's saying that what about you
know it's great to stop the uh you know
condoms for terrorists which was never
really a real story but it makes a good
anecdote um but what about the subsidies
to Big Oil he says and what about the I
guess subsidies or something like that
for a big
Pharma and I don't know if he thought
that this was a Republican Thing versus
a Democrat thing and that maybe the
magga people would be in favor of
subsidies for Big
Oil uh I don't think we are right is
there any prot Trump person who says you
know we should give more of our tax
dollars to Big profitable
companies I don't think anybody says
that so not only is is
Stuart uh acknowledging that you know
waste r have to be addressed he's very
clear on that but he's
competing he's competing he's saying
this is where the big money is I don't
know how big it is or how easy it is to
find or if it's even real but I love the
fact that the Democrats now have to
compete for fighting the most waste
Fraud and
Abuse all right all right let's enter
that frame let's enter the frame of
we're competing to see who could do the
best job of cutting things that we
shouldn't be paying for love it now that
is a valuable contribution in my
opinion so let's talk about uh I'll get
i'll get to more on that later um Thomas
Massie points out that the budget still
has some kind of subsidies for using
corn to make
fuel which everybody knows as he points
out Mass he points out that it increases
the price of food
now did you know that were you aware
that even still there are Republicans
there are Republicans who are in favor
of uh using corn to make fuel this
ethanol now I've never even heard of
anybody using ethanol for anything have
you do any of you have an ethanol driven
car or an ethanol
tractor uh I don't use ethanol for
anything so isn't ethanol well known to
be just basically a I know
scam that that might be going too far
but I don't know any voter who's in
favor of this so it's got to be one of
those Republicans want to protect their
farmers and you know they get free money
if they grow corn for fuel I guess so I
I like the fact that massie's on that
now I would add that I would add that to
the Doge process say hm I don't know I
don't see why we're doing that doesn't
seem to be necessary for climate change
or anything else it's not like ethanol
is you know making a big run to take
over for other fossil fuels or fossil
fuels there there's so much news going
on that there are stories that in a
normal time would be the number one
headline but in today's news environment
it's like the you know 10th 10th most
important thing that would otherwise
just be huge here's one of those
according to Michael shellenberg
there's a FBI
whistleblower uh who has a source within
the FBI who said that the FBI employees
were destroying evidence on
servers and that he informed cash Patel
of that
now if that's true and keep in mind it's
a whistleblower who talked to another
person who said it's true so it it's not
the The Whistleblower apparently is
known so so one person is known but the
person he talked to uh is a
do we accept that do we accept that's
true with an with one anonymous
source I'm going to say shellenberger is
really good on checking sources so I'm
leaning toward this is probably
true it also just makes sense but isn't
it also just so you're warned about it
isn't it also little bit too on the
nose what's the one thing that every one
of us would have predicted when when
cash Patel got nominated for the FBI
every single one of us would say oh they
backed up the shredders they're going to
be burning their files and deleting
things every one of us said that and
then there's a story with one anonymous
source that's exactly the thing that
every one of us was
expecting how do you judge that one now
the the only thing is guy going for it
is shellenberger because he's highly
credible but if this one turns out to be
not true and I'm not sure we would ever
know that if it turned out to be not
true don't be surprised because that two
on the nose thing it's just it's just
deadly accurate deadly
accurate all right um even Jamie Diamond
of the CEO of JP Morgan I would call him
the the country's top banker and when he
says stuff about
economics um people listen I listen I
think he is very credible and um he says
that Doge needs to be done now he said
something like that
before and
uh but everybody has to say that right
as I said even the Democrats pretty much
every Democrat has agreed okay if you
can get rid of the waste Fraud and Abuse
yeah that would be kind of good so it's
not a surprise that the
smartest guy in banking says it too but
uh here's where I'm going to get into
the they've shifted from what to do
which is hard to be against getting rid
of Fraud and waste abuse to how it's
being done I wanted to add what I call
the dilber filter you ready for this so
as the creator of
Dilbert um I write about things that
seem like good ideas but in the real
world they just always go wrong that
that's sort of what I do for 37 years or
something
and this is one of those I'm going to
give you a couple of stories from my own
experience about cutting expenses in a
big company so if you don't know I
worked for two big companies before I
became a cartoonist uh one of them was
uh Crocker national bank and then later
Pacific Bell the local phone
company and my jobs were usually the
budget guy Finance guy for most of that
time so I would be the one who was in
charge of making sure the budgets were
cut when they needed to get cut but I
didn't have any power I just had to you
know be the organizer basically so here
are two stories and this will get get us
into the chainsaw verus the scalpel as
well so Story number
one I was asked to put together a budget
for the Technology Group within Pacific
Bell and um we were going to do what's
called a bottomup budget you've heard of
a v say we should only do bottomup
budgets now a bottomup budget is when
you go to each department head and you
say all right I want you to add up all
the things you absolutely need to do and
then that'll be your budget what we're
not going to do because that would be
crazy is to give you the same budget as
last year plus you know 5% or something
because we really need to know what
you're doing maybe this year you don't
need as much maybe next year you need
more so it's a bottomup budget is the
most responsible
thoughtful rational way to do it you all
agree so far everybody on the same page
that if you want to be a good manager
you want to be smart you want to do the
right thing you're definitely going to
do a bottomup budget because that's the
only time you can you know put the
scalpel on things this sort of a scalpel
approach right you're really looking at
each little
project now I did that so I collected
everybody's uh bottom up budgets it took
a lot of work you know you'd have a list
of projects and be a mile long and that
would be for each department head and
every Department had had their list of
projects that were a mile long and then
I would take it to the uh was he a
VP might have been an assistant VP the
top guy in the technology
department or at least in my my end of
it and I would show him this like
infinite list of
projects now what do you think needed do
you think that he looked at the infinite
list of projects which he only had a
passing knowledge
of and then made scalpel like decisions
on each of these projects that he
basically didn't even he barely even
knew that they were happening do you
think that's what happened because that
I'm told that that's how the smart
people do it the smart people take the
scalpel they look at every expense and
they cut just what needs to be cut do
you think he did that no no it was way
too impossible there's no way that he
could have spent his entire life
studying each of these projects to
figure out on his own where to cut now
if you think that the department
managers did that for him as in cut
their own budget without being asked do
you think that happened no the
individual departments wanted the most
money they could get so to them their
boss was their
opponent the boss was their opponent and
the other people who were other
department heads were their opponent
they were trying to get the biggest part
of the pie and that was the game so they
couldn't do the scalpel the people who
actually understood the projects they
wouldn't do any scalpel because they
would lie oh yeah if I ask the question
they'd say oh yeah essential well if we
don't do this the the entire company
will fold in a
minute and then it gets to the boss who
would be able to cut it if he understood
them
but he doesn't understand them and
there's no way he really could because
there were just so many of them so do
you know what the big boss told
me he looks at me and looks at my giant
list that's
incomprehensible he says uh tell
everybody to cut 10% across the
board compared to the budget from last
year and I looked at him after doing all
this work and I looked at him and said
uh that's uh that's
really is that how this works
he goes yeah just cut 10% and I'd say
I've talked to all these managers and
they say if you cut their budgets even a
penny the entire world will end and they
they swear that's true and he looked at
me and said they'll work it out just got
everybody
10% so I go back to everybody after I'd
done this bottomup
budget made him do all this work and I
said he just says cut everything
10% do you know how it turned out
fine fine do you know how easy it was to
cut
10% well about a few months into every
year there would be people who imagined
that they were going to start some new
project on day one but there was some
vendor who couldn't deliver there was
some approvals they didn't get so things
were like six months delayed so when
somebody needed a little extra because
it was really was an important project
or something new they' go to the boss
and he'd say oh okay is there any any
projects that are delayed and not
spending the budget for this year okay
just take it from that budget put it
over there problem
solved now now in that specific case
there was a little scalping going on but
it was after the fact it was sort of
doing it wrong and then correcting does
that sound familiar the big boss was
doing it wrong moving fast being
efficient and then making Fast
Corrections okay that one does need a
little more money this one underspent
move that money over there worked fine
everything worked out just right now
here's another one here's my second
budget story CU if you don't understand
how the real world budgets none of this
Doge criticism is going to make any
sense to
you uh that same boss once asked me to
sit in for him in a meeting where the
department heads were arguing to keep
their budgets because there was a higher
level above us that was trying to cut
cut our budgets as well so so far I've
only been talking about my
department and had lots of sub dep
departments but above it they were
trying to do the same thing so they
brought us all in and uh they would each
ask each of the managers you know do is
this budget necessary you know is there
anything you can cut from your budget if
we cut this would that be
okay now here's something that's
embarrassing I was very
young but I was fairly capable so my
boss did didn't feel bad sending me to
do this very important task and when it
came to me the person leading the
meeting said all right so you know
looked at the list of projects I guess I
had submitted and said well what about
this one you really need to do this is
this essential to the
company and I
said
well if he had to cuss something and I
were being a team player that's probably
what I would cut
how do you think that went over when I
took that back to my
boss every every one of you who have
corporate experience you're laughing
right now it's like how dumb were you no
I thought I was there to do a good faith
effort to reduce the budget for the
company because I thought I was working
for the
shareholders right I mean it's a
fiduciary responsibility to not waste
money because you have shareholders so I
thought yeah you know if you're asking
me what I would cut if I had to it would
be that one and so they cut it and I
took it back to my boss oh my God the
look of death that I got he he just cut
through me with his eyes he said
so I hear you gave away my
budget and I said oh but you know they
asked me what would be the you know
least priority and I was trying to do
the right thing
and that's when I
learned that nobody's trying to do the
right thing everybody in a big organiz
organization is lying because that's how
you get ahead so everybody wanted their
own budget not to be cut but they were
certainly happy if other people's budget
got cut because they were competing
against other managers they weren't
trying to satisfy
stakeholders that was just dumb on my on
my part all right so
so the first thing you need to know is
if you try to do a scalpel approach
everyone is lying and you won't know it
well you'll know they're lying but you
don't know what the LIE is or what the
truth
is so if you were to say to me on paper
and conceptually is it better to use a
scalpel than a chainsaw I would say the
same thing you would say well yeah
scalpa makes sense that's a reasoned
looking at all the details deciding what
to keep and whatnot but in the real
world nobody's going to play along with
that they're all going to just look for
maintaining their own little domain so
in my
experience the scalpel approach can only
work in the specific situations and I'll
give you a few one would be if you're a
small business and you're the owner of
the business and it really matters to if
you cut costs because that money goes
right in your pocket and and it's small
enough company that you understand all
of its parts so you could actually cut
with a scalpel in that case because
you're the boss it's all good for you if
you cut and you know exactly where to
cut and where not to cut yes scalpel
scalpel scalpel if you took a chainsaw
to your own smallish business well that
would obviously be a mistake
obviously now what is the situ or
another situation
well let's put it this way so that's a
situation where you've got time to
operate and you're going to be
profitable no matter what but you could
be a little more profitable so if you
got plenty of time the scalp will make
sense you know even if you have to work
a little extra hard to find some stuff
yes as long as you're in a business
that's stable and you're just trying to
tweak it every now and then scalpel so
when you hear people say but I I've been
involved in a number of businesses and
we C with the scalpel they did they did
here's where the scalpel doesn't
work when there is an existential threat
and the timer is
ticking if the timer is ticking you're
not going to have the option of using
the scalpel because even if you you did
everything right you would run out a
time here are two examples number one
Twitter when when mus bought Twitter the
cash flow situation was Dire as in uhoh
there's almost no way this company can
survive he was going to have wasted $44
billion do of his and other people's
money if he couldn't rapidly massively
cut expenses what would have happened if
musk had said all right all you
employees of Twitter who hate my guts
tell me where I can scalpel away some
unnecessary fat
what do you think would have happened
every one of those people would have
said their jobs are essential and if
they left morale would drop and it could
never work so musk instead took a
chainsaw and just
went got rid of too much and then when
when the the too much became obvious or
people argued and successfully he added
it back exactly like he said he would
now
what about the federal government the
federal government is also on a timer
and also has an existential threat it's
called The Debt we don't have 10 years
left we really don't I don't know if we
have three years left the national debt
will crush us and will destroy the
entire country if you think that taking
a scalpel to the federal government is
going to get it done in
any kind of reasonable timeline before
the entire nation is
destroyed seems very unlikely to me
because remember everybody involved will
be
lying everybody in involved will be
trying to slow the process they'll try
to sue you so you can't even use the
scalpel it's going to be just infinite
push back infinite people pretending to
be helping but not all lying people will
be ganging up they'll they'll try to
take you out as the boss if they have a
they have any way to do it they will
attack you a hundred different ways the
one and only way you have any chance is
with a chainsaw so let me put this in
terms of
risk if if uh if musk had used a scalpel
on Twitter that would be 100% chance of
failure if he used a chainsaw on Twitter
there was some chance of success and
some chance of failure which which one
do you pick the one with a 100% chance
of failure scalpel or the one that might
work but it's pretty
drastic well there's only one that might
work you obviously do the one that might
work what about the national debt do you
think we have time to scalpel that thing
I don't I don't think there's any time
to scalpel it I think that the one and
only hope of actual
survival survival we're not optimizing
we're trying to survive and I think
that's what people are missing he's got
to take a chainsaw to it and you know I
would say he's just getting started
because you know there there are bigger
bigger Parts he have has to go
after but there's not there's not really
a second
choice the the chains so might work and
it might not
work but the scalo definitely will fail
and it's the Dilbert filter that
guarantees it because people are lying
weasel now let me make another
exception let's say you had a business
that wasn't very
complicated let's say you are the uh
owner of a sports
franchise you probably do understand
almost all the parts even as the big
owner right right you would probably
know what your players are being
paid that's the biggest thing you would
know what the travel costs are it
wouldn't be mysterious at all so if you
wanted to take a scalpel to that again
because you have the luxury of being
profitable and you're not in a hurry
probably you could scalpel quite a bit
and I would say that would be exactly
the right answer so when people tell you
Scott I have personally scalped uh
budgets with success that's probably
true but it's so it's always the
specific case it's not the you're going
to die tomorrow if you don't cut this by
70% all right so there we go there's the
uh ultimate reframe on
that um you know I I'm so sick of
talking about this Doge email to all the
federal employees telling them to say
what they did uh five things they did
and I was trying to imagine it's been a
long time since I've been a cubicle but
I'm trying to imagine how I would have
handled that if I'd been a federal
worker and I'm positive I would have
handled it the following way I'd open my
email I'd see what they're asking I'd
probably check with my boss to see if
it's okay to answer it but then I would
sit down and it's the first thing I
would do I would put off whatever else I
had on my schedule and I would answer
that right away and I would come up with
five awesome things that I did this week
and then i' H send and then I would
never think about it
again how would you handle it would you
fight
it you didn't have anything better to do
that day than fight an email ahh I'm
going to go on CNN and fight this
email what the most basic thing that
anybody does is say what five things
they accomplished that also used to be
my job it also used to be my job to
collect everybody's top five
accomplishments that was literally my
job do you know what happened when I
would collect all their accomplishments
and put it into one cool document that I
made myself and I gave it to my boss
nobody ever looked at at it nobody ever
looked at it the only point was to make
sure that you thought people were
watching you it was basically just a a
head game so that people had to you know
really show that they were doing real
work nobody really looked at it I don't
even think they like maybe just glanced
at it but they didn't ask any
penetrating questions so when musk says
this is really just to find out if
there's a real person in a pulse that's
sounds right that sounds right that's
the only thing he's going to find out
it's not like he's going to look at the
five things and say huh one of these
five things looks like maybe you could
cut that with a scalpel that's not going
to happen it's just to see if they have
a pulse if they're really there if they
really respond now I realize there's a
whole bunch of complications to it and
um a number of a number of entities from
the FBI to the state department to I
know pentagon have already said no you
guys don't need to do this that's fine
uh I don't mind that at all uh I don't
mind when the Trump Administration
disagrees with itself don't mind at all
because I think the disagreement is
reasonable but I also think the request
was reasonable so and I don't think any
of it's terribly
important I think uh Trump and Elon
might might be pushing it still just so
they don't lose you know because it' be
good to it'd be good to show a pattern
of winning you know win win win win win
uh if you have even one push back that's
successful it could take a little dent
out of your shine a dent out of your
shine never quote me on that no never
quote me on that
please anyway so I'm just bored with
that whole email
thing but the Wall Street Journal had an
interesting context um apparently some
companies instead of doing that what are
your five accomplishment things every
week which is a big pain in the ass
everybody hates it and everybody's lying
too um there's some software now uh one
company called workboard or at least
that's the product
workboard um invades your computer your
work computer and it looks at all the
things you've done and then reports them
to your
boss so everything from your calendar to
your emails and then the boss can tell
who's working and what they're working
and how hard they're working now that's
the scariest creepiest thing I've ever
heard in my life I mean I don't know how
it could possibly give you anything
interesting and then I saw a picture of
what the the dashboard would look like
you know if you were the top boss and
you wanted to see that the sum of all
the things your employees were doing
it's like this really sort of detailed
complicated you know some boxes are
bigger than other showing that there's
more activity there and stuff and I
thought to myself okay in the real world
your top boss would use that three
times and by the third time they would
realize that there was nothing it was
telling them that they could act on it
was like ah okay looks like the box
for uh talking about the budget is a
little bit bigger okay but that's
because the budget process is happening
right now okay okay well it looks like
the box for uh
vendor talking to vendors is a little
bit bigger so they're doing a lot of
talking to vendors oh well obviously
because we're doing a you know request
for
proposal probably it wouldn't be
anything you could act on now I don't
want to throw that company under the bus
because they might have a good argument
that it's making everything better but
in the real
world if you show somebody a complicated
screen of anything they end up ignoring
it after the first few few tries in the
real world
so I'm going to introduce a new
insulting phrase uh I'm going to call it
lady fiction lady fiction I've told you
before how Democrats they seem to just
imagine problems like they imagine what
somebody's thinking and then they
imagine their bad personality they
imagine their bad intentions and then
they then they project that forward to
how it's going to destroy the world but
it's all imaginary it's imaginary future
and it's imagination that they can read
the minds of strangers so CNN just had
uh one of the federal employees on and
she was one of the ones resisting the
email
requests and uh she said that
uh see what' she say she said that
elon's email request was an act of
harassment and
bullying now do you think that's the way
Elon was thinking of it it's like huh
you know what I haven't done enough of I
need to do a little more harassment and
bullying even though he tells you
exactly why he's doing it you can't take
the exact reason that he describes which
makes perfect sense you you have to
imagine that the real reason this is
dark personality flaws and it's
harassment and
bullying that's pure mind
reading and again men prefer reading
non-fiction women prefer fiction and the
more you see it so I'm going to call
that lady friction lady fiction lady
friction is completely different story
it's has more to do with scissoring but
uh lady fiction is where you imagine
that
uh you can imagine you could read
somebody's mind and you see some dark
dark secrets in there and you project It
Forward
anyway
um uh one of our favorite uh
personalities on X data Republican if
you haven't been exposed to data
Republican yet um you're missing out so
data Republican is a sort of a superstar
of data analysis and is using a lot of
the new information that we're learning
to come up with some fascinating stuff
about the ngos ETC but uh she was on
Glenn Beck's show
and um she described our current
situation in a way that you'll never be
able to
forget so you've got the basic idea that
usaid was giving money to all these Nos
and other other entities were giving
them money and that they became sort of
operating independently and nobody knew
what they were doing and you know then
they were maybe laundering money and
stuff um so what dat Republican said
after looking at all this deep more
deeply than we have he said uh that the
Democrats are offended by Doge because
their money depends on people not
knowing what they're doing with our
money and I thought yeah that does sort
of sum it up doesn't it their money
depends on us not knowing what they're
doing with our money because our money
is just going into their pockets through
the
Nos and so she says so that is truly
censorship because because I think if
actual Americans understood what they
were doing with our money and that they
were actually setting up their own
government this is the key they were
setting up their own government and
actually ignoring what real people
wanted to do oh we would be so upset
there's a
reframe that's it the NOS were a shadow
government that could get all kinds of
things done they could stall things they
could make things happen they could
overthrow countries now working in
conjunction with other parts of the the
uh
government but once you hear that frame
that the NOS were a shadow government
wow you can't lose that one like that
that's sticky that's a really good
reframe anyway just think about
that um and then she went on and said
because the reality is that these people
have a government unto themselves that
they've created with these NOS uh that
they run separately from
us now the one thing that uh would be
required for a shadow government would
be there's one leader
do you think that this Shadow government
NGO thing has one leader or is it just
an understanding that a bunch of people
have that they can all be better off
with this
scheme I feel like there's not one
leader but there might be maybe several
people who are more influential than
others um and maybe they're fighting it
out I always imagine that the the
Hillary Clinton people and the Obama
people were not the same and that
they're all sort of jockeying for
control and you maybe some of that's
happening through the NGS I don't know
anyway Trump says he wants to bring back
the Keystone XL pipeline that Biden shut
down uh but apparently it's not that
easy because you'd have to find somebody
who wants to do it and I guess the
company that was doing it um doesn't
seem to eager to do it again and I can
understand that because how can they
guarantee it won't get canceled again
why would you put money into something
if the next Democrat president's going
to cancel it
so uh but Trump says you know even if
another company wants to to do it he
said the approvals will be easy
basically the government will get out of
the way and uh I like that so I I like
that Trump's pushing that but there
really is a structural problem there if
you ask somebody to invest I don't know
hundreds of millions of dollars maybe
billions can you really expect them to
do that if they don't know if their
project will survive the next
president's
term that's a lot to ask so I wonder if
there's any fix for that in other words
could Congress say um you won't be
touched for 20
years like could could they pass any
legislation that says I don't think so
because I think I think it would be
illegal to say you can't ever cut an
expense or cancel something but I I
wonder if there's any clever way to get
past the fact that this is really it's a
giant risk now that Biden canceled it
once I don't know how you fix that but
somebody clever might have an idea for
doing
that um meanwhile the dnc's vice
chairman David
hog he's warning that Democrats they
need to stop acting like a cult now how
much do you love the fact that the
people who were the problem are trying
to become the people who are calling out
the
problem it's almost like they have to
pretend that they weren't deep into all
the bad behavior that they say they want
to stop doing but hog says this he says
frankly uh anybody who did speak out
about Biden's mental decline was
immediately ostracized in our
party uh he says I know that we like to
claim that we are not a cult but anybody
who did say that that Biden was too old
basically had their career destroyed
that's a problem where the Democrat
Party we supposed to have open
conversations and dialogue he tells his
audience he said there are many lessons
we need to learn from this election but
that is one of the main ones we cannot
be a
cult okay here's the
problem as long as uh Power has more
value than open conversation ations and
dialogue you're only going to get
power so if somehow open conversations
and dialogue you can monetize or it
would give you more power or it make you
everybody more successful everybody
would get a Pat in the back but it
doesn't work that way if if you do open
conversations and dialogue within your
own party that will immediately look
like weakness and you'll be
destroyed so they they've sort of
painted themselves into this
corner where you can't really disagree
with the party and there's nothing that
David hog is going to say that's going
to change it because the incentive
structure is as soon as you disagree
you're
done and that's not going to change that
how can it it's not like they can give
an order and say all right don't do this
it just takes anybody who wants to do it
to do it to destroy other
people but it does make me wonder why
this is uh do you think that this is as
much of a problem on the
right do you feel that in the mega
Republican conservative world that we
have open dialogue and that you can
disagree without getting
cancelled yes or
no I feel like a number of us have
disagreed with important things and not
gotten canceled by at least by
Republicans um have you not seen me
disagree with common mag
thinking I think I have a number of
times and do I ever get slapped down for
that not that I remember not that I
remember the the only time that I get
real hate is when people have a
incorrect um understanding of what I've
ever said or thought if they don't
understand what I've said then it turns
into some crazy thing where they're
criticizing me for something they only
imagine but when I say real things uh
let's take the Dan khaw thing you don't
think I'm completely
aware that by the time I'm done with
this there will be something on social
media trying to tear me down for what
somebody's going to say is supporting
Dan kencho against Mega which didn't
happen and you all witness it so you
know that didn't happen but somebody
will turn it into that however it'll
probably just be a passing nothing like
the worst case will be some troll on X
and it'll just go away because I think
through the at least my audience uh is
completely accepting that I'm not just
going to tell you the normal frame
that's mostly why you watch because you
expect me to be a little different from
the mainstream opinion if I didn't what
would be the point really what would be
the
point so yeah I don't think it's I don't
think it's as big a problem on the right
um according to uh Simon Kent writing in
breit bar news Republican uh I'm sorry
Democrat donors are not feeling too good
about the Democrats but there was this
one this one donor who had a quote that
I thought was great quote they want us
to spend money and for what for no
message no Organization no Forward
Thinking the donor said the thing that's
clear to a lot of us is that the party
never really learned its lesson in 2016
they worked off the same Playbook and
the same ineffective strategies and to
what
end well here's what I say about
identity politics which largely drove
the Democrat message identity politics
um it's a one-way
trip and they should have known that
because on paper you can see it it's the
MSNBC problem as soon as NB MSNBC became
the identity politics all the time
Network you could guarantee
guarantee that at some point in the
future their own employees would turn
against them and call them racists and
that just happened guarantee it you
don't know when it's going to happen but
you can pretty much bet on it with a lot
of safety and so the the
Democrats can't really unwind that thing
that they've created because they can't
be ignoring identity politics that would
make them Republicans
[Laughter]
so they've created they've created their
own monster that they can't kill and the
Republicans are like yeah good luck with
that because we're not
involved it's not it's none of our
business if you want to create a monster
and then the monster kills you but you
knew that that monster would kill you
because how could it not you know as
soon as you say that identity is
everything everybody looks at their own
identity and says wait but I'm a short
gay lesbian whatever you know what
where's my rights and then everything
falls apart so the
Democrats I don't think they have a way
back now as I've said before all bets
are off if they found the right
candidate right so uh Trump is by no
measure an ordinary
Republican so nobody could have really
predicted the second term of trump and
the way it's turned out no no could have
predicted that so it's just sometimes
you get this special case with a special
character this you know once in a
thousand years type of Personality which
I think Trump is and if they don't get
one of
those I don't know if they have a way
back because even even Obama as rational
sounding as he was and I think he was
very smart and very Savvy about how
things work I don't even think he can
abandon identity
politics at this point I mean he can't
run for office but even if a new Obama
came
today um I don't know I don't know how
they can come
back here's the least surprising news of
the day the former head of the fda's
drug Center joins fizer as chief medical
officer now as you know there's a long
history of top FDA people going to work
for the companies that they had been um
trying to regulate which of course
creates a massive incentive to not say
bad things about the industry when
you're in the FDA because you know that
the most likely outcome after you're not
in the FDA is a job offer from one of
those same companies and I was trying to
think what could you do about
that I don't love the fact that you
could ban it like don't go to work for
these companies for five years we might
do that I think RFK Junior didn't he
float that idea but that seems you know
my my sense of freedom and capitalism
really rejects you can't go get a job
somewhere else like I don't like um any
kind of non-compete agreements I hate
them because I I live in America you
can't tell me what my next job is right
I mean that's just really offensive to
me that you can tell me what my next job
is no matter what it is you don't need
to you don't get an approval over my
next job
so on one hand I completely understand
that this is massively deforming our
drug approval and safety massively
deform it on the other hand I like
freedom I like Freedom so I wonder if
there's some middle
ground and the only thing I could think
of is that the X FDA people have an
option that's better than working for a
big Pharma which would pay an ungodly
amount of money could you find a way to
keep them on the let's say the public
side and it may require paying an
ungodly amount of money to say all right
once you leave the FDA you can go work
for fizer and they'll pay you a million
dollars a year whatever it is but if you
continue working for the government we
will also give you a million dollars a
year we'll match it but you'll be on our
side so you'll do extra work and you'll
go extra deep and you work with the FDA
you won't be on the FDA but let's say
you're you work with them or for them or
something now that's the bad idea
because it's you know anti-d Doge it's
spending more money not less but I just
wonder is there any system way to fix
that because you'd have to outbid outbid
the Pharma now the the gross way to do
it is just say you can't go get those
jobs I I just don't love that I I don't
love the lack of Freedom that that
implies so maybe somebody have a good
idea let's talk about
Ukraine so Trump has suggested on
yesterday that he's willing to uh revive
economic relations with Russia and then
Putin has offered uh hey why don't you
work with us America why don't you work
with us uh to do a joint partnership to
exploit Rare Earth minerals in the
donbass
region what
what did you see that coming and then
Putin also
offers and I'm going to talking about
this in terms of persuasion not in terms
of economics then Putin also said that
Russia is ready to supply the US with 2
million tons of aluminum which will help
stabilize prices and apparently we're
the biggest uh importer of aluminum so
it actually would drive down some of our
costs if we work with Russia on that
um and
so here's the
thing um let me say up front that if you
believe that I that I trust to Putin and
that he just just wants to make money
and stop all the fighting I don't I
don't it would be foolish to say that he
has no ulterior motives or anything else
but think how historic this is that
Trump and Putin have changed the frame
they've changed the frame from how to
kill each other to how to make money for
both of us
now maybe this won't come to anything
maybe there will be no joint
Partnerships maybe it's a bad idea maybe
trusting Russia is just always a bad
idea and you know even if it looks good
on paper maybe it just never works I'm
open to all those arguments so I don't
know that we should do it but the fact
that um I've said this before
I I generally think that Trump is the
best public Persuader we've ever seen
just ever but Putin's in the same weight
class I don't think he's quite a he's
not quite uh trump-like but he
understands the whole persuasion thing
and so what Putin's doing is he's
reframing Russia as a potential economic
partner which is following the lead of
Trump trump is the again Trump's the
better Persuader but Putin can Putin can
take punch for punch he knows persuasion
and this is
brilliant it's brilliant I hate to say
it and again I'm not suggesting that we
get into partnership economically with
uh Russia I'm not against it and I'm not
for it I would have to know a lot more
before I had an opinion but from a
persuasion perspective
Putin's really nailing it he's nailing
it because he knows that uh Trump needs
economic wins and he could offer him
some easy economic
wins so that's really good
negotiating so
again don't don't take this as me loving
Putin and I don't want him to be my
girlfriend and I don't I don't trust
Russia you know without a lot of
guarantees but you have to
appreciate that the way Putin is
handling this is kind of impressive just
from a persuasion perspective you can
call it evil persuasion if you like I
won't
argue but it's very effective and
changing the frame to how how do we make
money I just love that I just love
that we'll see where it goes all right
um again another story that would have
been the biggest story except that there
were so many stories
all right apparently James
comr uh told
Breitbart that uh the doj the FBI the
IRS and the SEC were all investigating
Joe and Hunter Biden but were told to
stand
down and Jim Biden was even being
investigated for Medicare and fraud
Insurrection Barbie's talking about this
onx
um apparently six Banks reported to the
treasury Department that the bidens were
committing Financial crimes but everyone
was told to stand
down now wouldn't that be the biggest
story in the country except for all the
other biggest stories how in the world
is that just a little article and
breart do you think it's true do you
think it's true that all these entities
were going to investigate the Bens and
you know keep in
mind this is when they knew there was a
risk because they were powerful
creatures so if all these entities were
willing to investigate them even knowing
that it would be risky and they had to
be told not to it does suggest there was
some pretty strong evidence not proof
everybody's everybody's innocent who
proven guilty and they haven't been
proven guilty but it certainly would be
the biggest story in the country under
normal
times I am curious how much else we'll
find out about the what I think is the
crime
family uh so Trump is signing a
directive to counter foreign social
media
censorship um so Dan fre of reclaimed
the Net's writing about this so I guess
uh he's trying to challenge our European
mostly European I think um saying that
they by taxing our social media they're
basically you know doing it to censor
them and trying to control them in
various ways censorship as well as
Taxation and Trump wants the Taxation
and the censorship to be curtailed now I
don't know what he can do about it so
that's why he signed a directive the
directive is figure out what to do about
this I assume it means we're going to
put more pressure on our alleged allies
but let me say this as clearly as
possible I've said this before but it
can't be said enough if you're trying to
curtail free speech in my country you're
not my Ally
England France whoever you are we love
you but you're not my Ally if you're
trying to curtail my free speech that is
a line which you cannot cross that's
that's a red line that's as bright as it
could possibly be and if it weren't for
Trump I don't know that we'd be doing
anything about it so sometimes you think
you know Trump is fun and sometimes you
like what he's doing and sometimes you
don't but this is one of those cases
where this is essential this is
essential Trump nobody else would do
this I don't know if he'll succeed but
it's going to require putting pressure
on
allies like we've never
seen he's the only person I know who
would do it there there's no other
normal president who would put pressure
on our allies over this but it is really
really important and yeah he should
bring he should bring the entire toolbox
what whatever it takes whatever whatever
it takes I anything it might take
getting out of
NATO I mean is that serious so whatever
he has to
threaten bring it on let's bring the
threats on because we need to ratchet
this up this can never happen
again so he's got to be tough on that I
support that 100% meanwhile down in
Mexico the uh um if you didn't know the
the Big Cartel the caloa cartel
apparently has two factions and the two
factions are fighting it out and uh
there's a great article by uh Jose De
Cordova in the Wall Street Journal and
so there's a whole bunch of murder going
on because the they're fighting it down
for control of things but
uh one of the things that I thought was
uh fascinating is the number of fenel
labs so there was just one little area
that had a 100 fentanyl labs and I guess
the labs have to keep moving because the
other cartel members keep narking him
out so apparently the the way you
compete if you're in a cartel and there
other factions in the cartel is that if
you find out where the other factions
lab is you turn them in so that the
government tries to close them down I'm
assuming the government does but even if
you you know just turned them in and let
your your bad guys go and take out the
lab so there's this gigantic fight over
just hundred hundreds of different
fental labs and part of me just wishes
they
uh they they just fight it
out but it was hilarious that uh one
of one of the uh lab operators quoted
this they were talking about uh they
have to do so much security Now for
their Labs that it's it's hitting their
bottom line and they just talk like
regular business people and so the one
of the lab operators says they have to
increased production to cover higher
costs for gunmen intelligence and
weapons he goes quote if before we were
making 10 million pills now we have to
make 20
million they they just talk like
ordinary business people they need
Doge anyway um at one point I'd wondered
wouldn't it be better instead of us
attacking the cartels to Simply provide
all the intelligence that the factions
need to attack each other
suppose we send our drones up there we
find all their their little lab
locations I don't know if we can I don't
know if there's any way to find them
from the air but suppose we could and
then we just turn it over to the other
faction and just let them destroy each
other until they're so weakened that
then you go in but you wait until
they've just beaten themselves into
nothing there is some there is some
worry that uh if the caloa cartel
implodes over their internal conflicts
that one of the other cartels would just
take over so nothing will change so it's
complicated I saw a report that comes
from the
telegraph now consider the source so
some people say that's not a very
credible Source but the telegraph says
that Iran fears an immediate attack on
its nuclear facilities and so they've
increased all their defenses near the
nuclear
facilities and the source says that Iran
expects attack every night even on
nuclear facilities that no one knows
about and Iranian officials said that
tran Fields a regime could fall if
America joins the attack you know what I
say about that
story uh I could have written that story
without doing any
research do you think Telegraph did any
research uh Scott what do you think Iran
is doing about its nuclear facilities
I'd say well if I were them and
anybody else would say the same thing
they're probably trying to figure out
how to protect them as best they can
Scott do you think that the Iranian
regime is worried that if America and
Israel attacked it could have an impact
on their ability to lead in the future
and I would say
duh yeah we're not going to leave their
regime alone if we do a major attack in
their country and even if we don't
directly attack the regime losing all
their nuclear facilities and all of
their anti-aircraft
doeses put some question about their uh
stability so on one hand I don't know if
the telegraph story is real on the other
hand it's exactly what you would have
made up if you wanted to act like you
did some research but you
didn't the Indian army according to
nextg defense they have an AI weapon
that can track and shoot in just 10 Mill
seconds and it can hit a target a mile
away every
time it can hit a target a mile away
every time and it can do it in a
millisecond now at the moment it
requires a human to uh allow the
shot but does anybody think that will
always have to have a human imagine
imagine the war starts and both sides
have these incredibly effective machine
gun that never misses and they're both
Ai and one of them says you better ask
me before you fire and the other one
says if it's in that direction that's
where all the bad guys are so just
fire the one who removes the human is
going to win every
war so the human will be removed and you
know I don't want to say Skynet because
it's too obvious but how how does it not
happen there is no future where Skynet
doesn't happen is there now there is a
future where maybe it's not in control
but there's no future in which Warfare
doesn't look exactly like
this um and then did you know that there
are 10 new major battery plants that are
coming online in the US looking to
double our capacity now the reason I
tell you these stories there's there's
always a battery story you know there's
some new battery technology or new
battery Factory I like I tell you about
some stories that you can tell what the
future is by the insurance industry like
whatever the insurance companies tell
you that's that's really indicative or
indicative of the future I think this
battery stuff if you didn't follow
anything else would be a real good
indicator of the future because if we
can make batteries really cheaply and
make a lot of them and make them
domestically that's a whole different
country than if we have to depend on
somebody else for the batteries or we
can't make enough you know Elon Musk
famously says that if you had 100 square
mile of uh solar panels and enough
batteries to store it when the sun is
not out that you could power the entire
country now I'd love to see somebody who
really understands the industry argue
with that
point um now and also it should be said
that that's just uh for calculation
purposes you wouldn't put them all in
one place that would be insane because
you know one one big natural disaster
you lose everything but just in terms of
how how practical it is musk says it's
completely practical yeah and it doesn't
even sound like you'd have to invent
very much sounds like we already have
what we need so that's pretty
interesting and I think it tells you
what the future looks like all right
ladies and gentlemen that's all I wanted
to do today thanks for joining I'm going
to talk to the locals subscribers
privately now um but come back tomorrow
same time same place and we'll see if uh
representative CAW has killed Tucker yet
I think he'll still be
alive we hope all right locals coming at
you privately in 30
seconds
e
e e