pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hello divine girl and Nolan and the next
person coming in Bali and and mark and
Jeff and Maria it's good to see all of
you and I'm sure that being the prepared
people that you are you are ready with
your beverage you probably have a diner
a glass or a cup or mug you might have a
thermos or a tankard you may have filled
it with your favorite liquid it might be
coffee and now please join me for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip ah I think I got the
simultaneity just right that time mmm
extra good mmm
well the waiting just keeps on coming
and what I say the winning I'm talking
about President Trump and when I say
winning I mean as CNN would report chaos
in the White House there's chaos it's
all breaking down the world is going to
hell I'm there part of the world and the
other part of the world things are going
great let me tell you the most exciting
news it goes like this
Bill Gates Bill Gates and let me let me
start off by saying I've said this
before but Bill Gates might be my only
actual hero because he here's what I
like them early in his career when
people were accusing him of being a
robber baron capitalist who was crushing
the competition and everything else they
said about him he was saying way back
then that his purpose was to give away
all of his money or you know 90% or
whatever it is and then sure enough
years go by he builds the Gates
Foundation and he starts giving away his
money in a smarter more effective way
than anyone has ever done
anything like this so he was the best
capitalist we ever had at the time and
now he's the best philanthropist we've
ever had and I would go beyond that and
say that he may have just saved the
world let me say that again he went from
the best capitalist we remember now
arguably to the best philanthropist I
think most people would agree the Gates
Foundation was you know worlds beyond
probably anything and it looks like and
I don't think I'm exaggerating this he
may have saved the world and what I mean
by that is that his opinion on things
carries more weight than most people so
in the rare occasions where his opinion
is against let's say the
administration's impulses or that or the
public he can break through so he's his
signal breaks through the noise better
than almost anybody because you can't
even tell what party he's in he's with
you you don't really know is he a
Democrat because it seems like you know
he's socially liberal but he's also sort
of a common sense whatever works kind of
guy so I don't think you could really
put him in a box which also helps his
his message here's what I'm getting to
he tweeted yesterday that a bipartisan
group of leaders in the US Senate how
often to hear that a bipartisan group of
senators what that rarely happens right
but on this topic you did there a
bipartisan and they introduced the
nuclear energy Leadership Act which
establishes an ambitious plan to here
come's
accelerate the development of advanced
nuclear reactor technologies and then
Gates finishes his tweet with I can't
overstate how important this is and he's
right
he couldn't overstate it that's one of
those times where it looks like an
exaggeration but it's not
he can't overstate how important this is
because
most of the world believes that climate
change is going to destroy the world and
this is literally the only feasible way
to address it it's the only way so there
are two parts of the world let's say the
people who believe climate change is do
big us all and a lot of people who think
it's no big problem and it's overstated
and it's a hoax but in both cases
everybody wants nuclear power they don't
know they want it yet but they do
because it's the only way to save the
world if climate change is a risk and
it's the only way to move forward and
not waste a bunch of money on solar and
wind and things that don't have as much
impact if there's no risk both sides in
order to save the world according to how
they see it one side is saving the world
from warming the other side is trying to
save the world from wasting money doing
the wrong thing to address climate
change so both sides see a potential end
of the economy at least if not into the
world if things go wrong and yet there
has been and always will and always was
a solution that worked for both sides
now in our current split world where if
one side wants something the other side
automatically says they're the devil and
nothing like that can work it's very
unusual that anybody can break through
that that two sides noise go right
through the middle of it with enough
signal-to-noise ratio as though Gates
has to say hey everybody it doesn't even
matter what you think it doesn't matter
what you think about climate change it's
still the right thing to do because the
technology isn't mature mature in the
sense that we do know we can build
nuclear reactors at less risk and less
impact on the economy than every other
source that's new nuisance let's say the
60s the nuclear power plants we have in
this country are sort of 60s era
generation they are dangerous relatively
speaking because they could meltdown the
new ones can't meltdown they're built so
that they can't there's no mechanism
that would allow that to happen
physically it can't happen so but
there's still much development and
iteration that needs to go on and so the
big push here is some kind of I don't
want to call it a Manhattan Project but
it's in that direction it's it's sort of
a concentrated high-end government
effort to to accelerate the development
of advanced nuclear reactor technology
now how much of you heard me talking
about this a lot right and so I'm gonna
have mark Schneider on next week Tuesday
I think and we're gonna talk about the
technologies a little bit catch people
up but here's the thing President Trump
has called famously called climate
change a Chinese hoax I assume there's
some hyperbole built into that but that
generally he does believe that the the
risk and the projections are are hoax
them now whether or not he's right about
that is irrelevant to the fact that this
is the right way to go but the the weird
thing here is that the president who his
sceptical is the most skeptical of
climate change
probably just solved it probably just
solved it because there was only one way
to go for a solution Bill Gates has
really looked into this Bill Gates
doesn't say stuff like this you know
just because he read somebody's tweet
he's done a deep dive he's visited the
sites he has a massive investment
himself in new nuclear technology but
nobody believes that Bill Gates is doing
this for the money
right if there's one thing you can be
sure if Bill Gates put his money into
nuclear technology it wasn't because he
thought that was the best
place to get it a good a return on his
investment it might be I mean it could
end up being a good return but you know
that's not why he put his money there
right he's doing it for social purposes
that way that I think we can all trust
so this is this is close to being the
biggest news of my lifetime it just
doesn't seem like it yet and I think
that that's a fair statement this might
be the biggest news of my lifetime
because it's such a massive transition
to you know cleaner power that it has
massive global social civil impact you
know more than war I would say I would
say this is bigger than the Iraq war
wouldn't you say I mean because as more
impact on potential life and death over
time I'd say this is bigger than let's
say what's the bigger then it's bigger
than the Vietnam War it's bigger than
9/11 what what is bigger than this I
can't think of anything that's bigger
news than the fact that the United
States just decided to take a full push
into clean safe nuclear power in terms
of civilization transformation I mean
even if you think about it even our
ability to colonize space yeah that's
right well the moon landing was big news
but didn't make a big difference because
it's not like we built colonies on the
moon right after that so the moon the
moon landing was big in terms of our
psychological situation it did help the
technological development a lot so a lot
of those technologies have have you know
seeped into the public to good effect so
yeah that was pretty big I would say not
the landing on the moon but the
technology that went into it
was big but not this big this is bigger
than that
bigger than a smartphone
that's a good one somebody said is is
this nuclear announcement bigger than
the smartphone good question it's
different the smartphone is
reprogramming what it means to be a
human being so that's pretty big you
know I would say that the smartphone
signals are transitioned from organic
species into a combined organic digital
species because your phone is really
part of you now so you know I guess you
could make an argument that that the
evolution of human beings into into
cyborgs which is what we are at the
moment that's a big deal I'll give you
that one that might be bigger than this
but it's big all right now let me ask
you another question how much persuasion
does it take for something like this to
become active in the government do you
think Bill Gates got it done on his own
do you think Bill Gates was the primary
mover of this because I don't know how
much direct lobbying he does with
Congress but he writes and talks a lot
and I'm sure that people in Congress
have seen his opinions and on this but
you've also been watching for the past
year so for the past year what have I
been advising on this this periscope
primarily with the help of Mark who
we'll be talking to on Tuesday so Marsh
Schneider who's an expert in nuclear
power has been my my my personal let's
say guru for that category and I've been
saying that for quite a while that the
United States needs to do something like
a Manhattan Project for a clean safe
nuclear power and that's that's what I
think Mark's been advocating for that
for a long time as well and I didn't
know this was even brewing did you did
any of you know that this was even being
considered
and so here's the question I asked you
who else in the United States was
advocating publicly I know a lot of
people privately were savings but how
many how many media sources were
advocating for this because yeah a lot
of us individually were doing it but how
many people were doing it publicly
besides Bill Gates and besides me
and besides Mark Snyder Newt Gingrich
has been doing for years as you're
you're correct Newt Gingrich but have
you I haven't seen Newt Gingrich active
on this for a while
all right here's where I'm going with
this here's where I'm going hey Michael
Shellenberger yes Michael Shellenberger
has been active but I don't know that he
gets the same media attention Rick Perry
is apparently on the job here Rick Perry
seems to be killing it on this topic so
I think that's pretty special
so my point was was that for something
like this to happen there needs to be a
certain amount of persuasion in the you
know in the public for it to happen
the sort of thing probably doesn't
happen just because some politicians got
an idea on their own all right does this
this doesn't really sound like an idea
the Senators and and the representatives
were sitting around and one of them said
hey I got an idea let's do this they
couldn't really get it done unless there
were some persuasion coming from the
public so I think that all of us who
have been talking about this get to
claim some amount of Alex Epstein as
well yes all of us who have said
anything about this in public get to
take a little bit of credit for whatever
our small pieces of persuasion were on
this because Congress doesn't really
Act unless they think the public is
going to bite into it and one of the
things that is interesting about this
topic is you know there are always
people on both sides of everything but
the people who are against the new
cleaner nuclear development are only
against it until you explain to them
that their their thinking is sort of
stuck in the 60s once you've explained
to people that it's not the 60s and that
the old technology for nuclear which
which did have some substantial risk
safer probably than a lot of things but
still addressed that was real that
that's not the same thing we're talking
about anymore it said it's a different
technology once they understand that
it's not Fukushima and there's not Three
Mile Island and it's not Chernobyl those
are all older technologies once people
understand that then it's pretty easy to
get them on board with a new clean only
way to go really all right it's enough
about that at Trump's rally
I guess people were chanting aoc sucks
and then airs he did a clever tweet
about it and once again named the
Democrat that everybody's talking about
a OSI austalia
who had a better week Joe Biden with the
article inbox that he's a little too
touchy with the woman or a OSI who had
Trump supporters chanting aoc Sox no
contest if you could be one of those two
Democrats you would choose AOC this week
not only that but if you were any of the
any of the people who were who the who
the Trump supporters were not chanting
about you wish your AOC to because if
people are chanting about you you're
doing something right
meaning that your team probably is is
embracing you because the other team has
identified you as being too powerful and
they have to work against you so every
time every time the Trump supporters
and a OSI sucks they make her stronger
Mike Serna points this out often I
pointed out often and then you watch it
right in front of your eyes you can
observe that both Mike and I predicted
exactly what's happening we over a year
ago we both said watch this alright now
how right was Mike and how right was I
on this we said don't take this lightly
she's got real skills and it may not be
obvious but these are real skills this
is now luck
this is not this is not luck if there's
one thing you should have as a mantra
this is the recording you should play in
your head every time you see a clip of a
OC she'll be saying something that
you'll say that's ridiculous you'll say
she can't afford to pay for that health
care plan you'll say that's that's not
you know that's not a good idea but the
whole time you're paying attention to
her there should be a recording the
place in your head which says I'm not
thinking about those other Democrats
right now wait a minute is this
intentional it's not luck it's not luck
don't let you think don't let yourself
believe it's luck because that's how you
get fooled all right I told you that
when the Muller report was public that
there would be a shockingly little
change in people's opinions because
people don't make opinions based on
facts and I told you this clearly as a
prediction it will not change
substantially it will not change
people's opinions on Trump now the the
dead the dead Enders who were still in
that cave in Guam who who are unwilling
to accept that bill bars summary of it
is probably an accurate summary the
people who don't accept that yet are
still saying yeah but wait for the
report itself my god there's going to be
good stuff and
they're sure it might not be enough to
convict but we know it's enough to
condemn him forever for his whatever and
you know the weirdest thing the weirdest
thing is that there might not be any new
information in it if any of you consider
the possibility that the Mulder report
literally won't have anything we don't
know in it because when he says there is
evidence
well how did how did how did bar
summarize it I think this is my
paraphrase but the idea was the evidence
does not come to the level that you
would proceed with any kind of a legal
problem right which doesn't mean there's
no evidence so the anti-trump errs have
said AHA yes maybe it's true maybe it's
true that this is not enough for a
conviction but he's clearly signaling
that there's something like evidence in
there and would we see the detail but
we're going to see that evidence and
we're going to judge for ourselves how
bad that is
yeah yeah yeah maybe it's not
technically up to the standard of guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt but this is
politics and that's not the standard in
politics so we're gonna get this red
meat and rolling our I can't wait for
the details but what if what if the
details of the stuff you've been
watching in the news for the last two
years what if the details are that Don
junior went to a meeting once in his own
building what is what if it's like that
what if the evidence is that there were
some people who talked to Russians what
if the evidence is that a number of
Trump supporters did not accurately
report at first contacts with Russians
which we already know what if all of the
evidence is the stuff we already know
maybe there'll be a couple of like
interesting tidbit
but nothing of substance you know just
maybe some color on things maybe things
are a little bit different than we
thought they were but what if there's
not really anything new but there is
some stuff that looks like well this is
something we should look into kind of
stuff which would be completely ordinary
for any complicated situation alright so
I think that so let me let me read to
you some text from CNN talking about the
polling so after after bill bars summary
of the Miller report this is what CNN
said about their own polling while
nearly every voter CNN talked to said
they want the full molar report to be
released among the most striking
conclusion was how little the probe
changed their opinion of Trump a fact
borne out by recent CNN poll that found
only 13% of voters
13% said Muller's findings would sway
their 20/20 vote now you say to yourself
well 13 percents a lot right that's a
lot except that of those of the 13
percent 7 percent said they are now more
apt to back the president while 6
percent said they are now less likely to
do so so all I did was there's a few
little people on the fence about half of
them fell one way and half of them fell
the other way now I suspect that this
poll is misleading like most polls are
and let me give you my potential spin on
this just in terms of this is possible
I'm not saying this is the case I'm
going to say this is possible isn't it
possible when you say the six percent
are less likely to support the president
and 7 percent are more likely isn't it
likely that the six percent who say they
are less likely we're already never
going to vote for Trump who look who
who what reasonable person could here
bill bars a summary of the Moller report
and say based on the summary that
exonerates the president that based on
his exoneration they're less likely to
vote for him does that sound like a real
number do you think there's one person
in this country who was Pro Trump and
likely to vote for him but once he was
exonerated from the worst charge any
presidents ever had against him now
they're less likely to vote for him
because he is not a criminal does that
even make sense so here's what I think I
think the six percent who said they're
less likely to vote for him we're never
gonna vote for him anyway they're just
angry people who got angry or because
that's what they do and guess what if
you check them again next week angrier
still you could do this poll every week
forever
and you'd find six percent are more
angry this week than they were last week
they are less likely to vote for him
this week Oh No sure he solved global
climate change yes he did
but I'm a little less likely to support
him now so they're always gonna be the
people who'd never would have sworn him
but here's the interesting part
7% of the people in the poll said they
are now more apt to back the president
were they also the people who were going
to back him anyway maybe and it could be
those the the groups in both ways are
just identical could be that they were
always just going to vote the way they
were gonna vote and they're just saying
they're more or less apt but really not
really right it's just the way they
decided to answer the question what I
have a feeling that there are some
independents who said to themselves not
many maybe 1% that's it who said to
themselves I am actually going to wait
for the results I'm actually gonna make
a decision based on what we find out
here because it does matter to me maybe
1% and I guess the point of that
and then they said Papa Papa a combined
86% say say that they had already
figured out whether they would vote for
or against Trump and that the
investigation won't matter even though
they are undecided now what none of that
even makes sense it's like the public
just went suddenly crazy or the poll was
crazy or the interpretation of it is
crazy well none of it none of it quite
makes sense which shows you where we're
at all right
I'm enjoying watching the Joe Biden
situation now as you know opinions are
not independently arrived at in this
country if they ever were I don't know
if they ever were but certainly at the
moment our political opinions are
assigned to us by our preferred news
stations now that would not be the case
if people sampled news from both sides
of the political spectrum because they
probably get a taste of a different both
sides and then they say huh these are
very different I guess I'm on my own
I'll just make a decision but people
don't do that for the most part the
people on the left especially are locked
into a silo where they don't even hear
the real news the real news is not even
available to them they don't have an
option of hearing anything like real
news because they're in there in their
silo the people on the right also have a
strong preference for their news sources
and if they only stuck to their news
sources on the right they would never
hear the other side but because the
mainstream media is the pervasive one
that's everywhere the people on the
right even their new sources talk about
the news on the left if you go to Fox
News you'll often see them reporting
what the people on the left said so that
they can give their counterpoint and
show the other side but the left doesn't
do that the left makes fun of the right
for
the crazier stuff but they don't
showcase the other arguments or at least
I don't notice it as much it seems that
the left wants to keep you ignorant of
what the other team is saying whereas
the right says here's what the other
team is saying here's what we say this
is why we think we're smarter and the
other team is crazy now both sides are
biased as hell not I'm not going to tell
you that one side is unbiased you're not
going to ever hear that for me I will
tell you it seems to me that the people
on the right are getting both sides more
often not not as completely as it needs
to be I'm not even close but far more
often and the the Joe Biden situation is
a perfect example of this because
apparently MSN MSNBC and CNN are not
reporting the national story that Joe
Biden is a hair sniffer although let me
take that back let me check the CNN
homepage because I think I might have to
retract that because I was reading on
Fox News that they're not reporting it
but then I also thought I saw so I'm
looking at the homepage of CNN I'm
looking for the Biden let's just search
for it oh there it is a former Nevada
politician alleges Joe Biden kissed the
back of her head so here's a case where
the front page is CNN not on the top
left which is the the headline news but
it's a little bit semi buried in the
middle of the page I couldn't see it
right away I had to look I had to
actually do a search of the page
alright so CNN is reporting it while at
the same time over at Fox News it looks
like they may have changed their
reporting because it wasn't long ago
that they were saying artists in the
entertainment section of Fox News the
headline is CNN MSNBC ignore explosive
misconduct allegations against Biden now
that might be true of their television
coverage so that I don't have an opinion
but it is not true of their webpage so
here's a case of of Fox News having a
false or at least misleading headline
because it says very clearly CNN MSNBC
ignore explosive misconduct but you can
click over to CNN and there's a there's
the report it's right there so if I'm
being fair cNN has fake news on this
topic it might be that they're not
talking about it on air which which
would be a valid point and that's
probably closer to true than not true
right so here's my take my take on with
us the mainstream media will determine
who is the Democratic nominee the public
will believe that they decided but
nothing like that will happen
whoever the news decides to back is
gonna make it through to the final
though it might be and it looked like
initially that Kamala Harris was clearly
the establishment choice but because
she's fourth I believe now in the
polling and and the and the media
doesn't want to be on the losing team in
order to nor do anybody who is an
anti-trump they don't want to be in the
losing team they're sort of in a dilemma
because it looks based on polling that
the people who are most likely to have a
good chance against Trump are not their
first choice it looks like Kamala is you
know it's just gonna have truck trouble
breaking into the top three who weirdly
are all white men now and two of them
are elderly white men and so the
Democrats have a problem of the size of
which you rarely see in politics because
the only people who have a chance of
winning are the same people who have no
chance of getting getting nominated at
this point because either Bernie or
Biden
get torn apart and betta betta would be
torn apart by Trump and part of the
problem is I just don't think the
Democrats are gonna get the people of
color and the women to support
aggressively and the other white men
that might be nominated you know that at
the moment having a let's say a 30%
majority in the field of 16 that might
be his cap remember what people said
about Trump early on in the process he
had the most votes but people said I his
name recognition and he could never be
above 20 perfect 25% popularity and
probably he isn't so they might have
been right about that but you know he
obviously far more popular among the
Republicans I should correct that when
he was at 25 percent popularity that was
just among Republicans and he's climbed
from 25% popularity just among the
Republicans to something like 90 percent
you know an amazing an amazing amount of
persuasion to get from 25 to 90 amazing
I mean that's hard hard to top but you
know you can never convince the other
side so Biden in my opinion is the
weakest candidate the Democrats have to
offer I'll say it again if they match up
one-on-one against Trump the weakest
candidate on the left is the one who's
leading in the polls by far now keep in
mind that when people compare their
their image of this great guy Biden to
this horrible monster Trump they say
that themselves how could he possibly
lose Biden great guy
Trump monster how does a great guy not
win against a monster I can't even
process this but the part that they miss
is that it hasn't started yet the fun
hasn't even started the the videos and
the
the attacks against Biden for his over
touching of women is a complete kill
shot it's a complete kill shot there
isn't a chance in the world that Joe
Biden could get elected president under
the current conditions now if it turned
out that some new thing came out about
Trump that was worse than anything we've
heard before well maybe maybe in that
situation but you'd have you'd end up
praying for some new information after
Trump is the most vetted and researched
person on the face of the earth you
still have to hope there's some new
stuff there that we don't know about or
else Biden doesn't have a chance now do
the Democrats know what I just said do
you think that the people who are the
the movers and the Shakers the people
who know politics the people who are the
the main Democrats do you think that
they know that the guy who's dominated
in the polls
Biden do you think they know he has no
freaking chance whatsoever I'm done he
has no chance I don't know I don't know
because even the Stacey Abrams rumor
turned out to be a horrible choice it
just looked like an old man saying I'm
an old white man have I apologized
enough I don't think I've apologized
enough for being an old white guy what
can I do I know how about all I'll pick
a vice presidential running mate which
is not normally done but I'll pick an
african-american woman yeah yeah that'll
solve my problems and everybody looking
at it will just say yeah that's how you
solve problems forty years ago and now
it just looks like tokenism because it
would really look like that and that's
I'm no insult to Stacey Abrams I
literally don't know anything about our
politics so I don't have any positive or
negative things to say about her
whatsoever
but the way the public would look at it
was I don't know looks like you're
trying too hard
whereas if Kamala Harris were running if
she were the nominee nobody is gonna say
to come lares hey camel oh you're trying
too hard to be a person of color because
she doesn't have to try she just is
nobody would say yeah you're trying too
hard to be a woman
cuz she just is one so those are just
going to be a given and then she can do
her political stuff so she's by far the
strongest candidate on the the
intersectionality stuff and she's got
good enough experience and she's a
senator that's better than being a mayor
yeah she's got a lot going for her plus
she's got the Hillary machine or some
part of it as as moved to her but here's
the problem she is seriously boarding
she is boring she's tried to make
herself interesting with her look I
really have a personality I'm not cold
qumola I laugh at things I try on
funny-looking outfits in public I have a
good laugh oh I'm so funny but none of
that comes off as looking mm-hmm what's
the best word for it all the videos of
Kamala laughing and having a good time
she doesn't come off as genuine I don't
maybe that's is that just me it could be
that's just a a biased observation I
wouldn't rule that out
maybe it registers differently to
different people but she just doesn't
look genuine authentic yeah I will give
I will give a bet oh oh Rourke the
following compliment that whatever he is
it looks like that's who he really is in
my opinion I mean obviously there's you
know everybody's being a politician so
everything's an exaggerated an
exaggerated look at who they are
and I'm not saying that Beto has good
policies or they
the job because it I don't see evidence
of that but it looks like he's
presenting something that looks like who
he actually is so at least that's good
alright does anybody have any questions
because that's all the news for today
but I love you so much
I don't like to quit early oh let's talk
about Amy Klobuchar in her one trillion
dollars for infrastructure I'd like to
give you my monologue now Amy Klobuchar
groundbreaking plan for one trillion
dollars in infrastructure planning okay
I'm done and that's all you need to know
about infrastructure right there
somebody says I don't agree
he feels insincere well the political
stuff is insincere meaning that the
policies you shouldn't take the policy
statements or the criticisms of Trump's
policies as being literal that's just
the political thing so that part
nobody is sincere about that's that's
part of the game of politics and we
accept that because they're all playing
the same game as long as we know that I
don't give anybody a bad bad grade for
the policy part but the way betos
personality is the way he uses his hands
and he stands on things and you know his
mannerism that all seems pretty
authentic to me I think now that doesn't
mean it is it just means it registers
that way there's no wire hangers
alright Peter Budaj eg honestly I have
avoided talking about him because two
reasons one I can't pronounce his name -
he hasn't made enough of a dent to take
him seriously and he's another white guy
is he gay I can't remember is he is he
publicly gay or do I have him confused
with somebody else can somebody confirm
that and I don't know if that's anything
he's - I'm just looking for your answers
here so I haven't really paid attention
to and I probably won't pay attention to
any mayor's the odds of a mayor getting
elected president feels like if you're a
voter don't you say to yourself well I
like you you're a mayor but maybe try to
get a job as a representative or a
senator first you know maybe do a little
national stuff first I'll take a
governor every now and then I'll take a
governor at least they ran a state but a
mayor a mayor a mayor probably hasn't it
you know a city manager who's doing all
the hard work anyway depending on the
city um and Oprah interviewed Ben oh
yeah
yes he is
good on TV yes he is gay well I like him
better just for being gay honestly if
I'm being honest it just feels like a
bluff I don't think it will necessarily
help him wha
always married to a man alright so I'm
very much in the camp who says wouldn't
it be great to have a gay president
right now it's a small camp I'm not
saying I'm not saying that any of you
are in this game
and I'm not saying that you need to be
in this camp or anything I for the same
reason that I supported Obama I know you
don't want to hear this there are some
things that the country just needs to
get past and then once you've done it
you don't have to get past it again
because you did it once and having our
first black president even if you don't
like the job he did was insanely good
for the country in a way that's just
permanent you can because you can never
again say well the country would never
elect a black guy because we did twice a
lot of people love the job he did so
it's good for society to move past these
these little stumbling things and that
put us at each other's necks likewise
and I've said this many times the
Hillary Clinton by winning the popular
vote coming so close and really she
didn't she didn't lose because she's a
woman I mean I think she claims that
once in a while but it's on her list of
45 reasons she lost and I think Hillary
Clinton broke the glass ceiling in the
sense that nobody thinks nobody thinks
that being a woman is a disadvantage
running for president it's just not a
thing anymore and and Thank You Hillary
Clinton because she did that for the
same reason
eventually we gotta get ourselves a
LGBTQ president sooner or later and I'm
not saying that's a plus I'm not saying
it's like some kind of advantage I'm
just saying that let's let's get past it
you know it would be nice now it doesn't
have to be this this time I'm just
saying that in general wouldn't it be
great to have somebody who's a member of
that community who is just so good at
being a politician that people can't see
that anymore all right
somebody who's so good they make that
invisible to us as voters that's a great
would be a great thing for the country
but I don't think it's his time it is
not his time but I like the fact that
use such a serious candidate
alright somebody says no we don't have
to get past this well we don't have to
do anything but it would be good to take
it off the table as you know a social
barrier somebody says race relations got
horribly worse because of Barack Obama
well is that true or is it true that the
media who was anti Barack Obama
weaponized is the people who follow that
media to believe that he was far worse
than he really was I leave that to you
as an open question yes as long as
gayness isn't his or her agenda somebody
says yeah I mean nobody I don't think
anybody wants to see it as a some kind
of primary plank at this point because
you know that unless there are some
rights that are not yet granted that
need to be speak six languages
he's a combat vet I mean he's he's a
solid candidate some day sunday gay man
will be President I just don't know if
it's it's gonna be soon all right
some days they'll be a you know a
lesbian woman some day there'll be
everything all right that's all I have
for now and I will talk to you later