pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom hey Jerri come on in here
good to see you Stanton Cruz Matias
Kevin always a pleasure
oh I know why you're here sure you don't
even have to say it because I already
know you're here for the simultaneous up
and most of you are prepared if you're
not prepared it doesn't take much just a
little bit of work a little bit of
effort all it takes is finding a cover
of our glasses snifter TIFF Stein and
cellist anchor Thurber / canteen grill
goblin vessels of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous em go ah ha ha ha
tingles shudders all right
Oh Bob weasel you just threw another log
on the fire
that sounds very cozy what is better
than sipping your beverage by a
fireplace while listening to coffee with
Scott Adams nothing and nothing that's
right
nothing well let's talk about some of
the funny things in the news here's a
little humor lesson are you ready I'm
gonna teach you how to make viral tweets
now every now and then I catch a tweet
that's just right it goes viral and I
did that yesterday with a couple of
tweets but when I say viral I mean you
know relatively speaking for my world
relatively viral it's getting over a
let's say a thousand retweets so here's
an example and I'll tell you why it's
funny I tweeted yesterday
people used to ask me why I always
travel with a fire extinguisher and
narwhal tusks who's the idiot now yeah
so if you want to make a viral tweet
it's always good to jump on something
that's already funny so if you're trying
to find a topic for a tweet or a topic
for humor
you always look to the same thing is the
situation itself already funny before
you've added a joke alright now if if
you've got somebody a polish chef
attacking a is la mctarry turns out he's
an Isis guy with a narwhal tusks while
the other guy fights him off with that
fire extinguisher and the third guy who
was the bravest one of all who gets no
credit off he gets no credit because he
didn't have a cool weapon if you watch
that situation and you said to yourself
I've got a Google a narwhal but what the
hell is a narwhal raise your hand if you
had to google it and look at a picture
of it and did you say to yourself well
that's a pretty cool whatever the hell
that is some kind of aquatic unicorn
pretty cool all right so here's tip
number one for making viral content also
tip number one for humor is the
situation funny before you've even done
the joke that's what you're looking for
it's hard to become viral unless you're
actually half laughing just hearing the
basic story without the joke alright so
then I added the joke and here's well
one of the wealthy what I call the six
dimensions of humor which if you would
like more on this topic you should
google six dimensions of humor and my
name so or you could google to the humor
formula Scott Adams and they'll pop up
on the internet but one of the six is
cleverness and cleverness is something
you know what
see it I don't have to over
overcomplicate the definition but
cleverness often can be a using your
environment for a clever solution to
something now that solution might be
ridiculous and absurd and it might be
just funny but your brain says oh that's
sort of a solution to a thing but it's
so ridiculous that it makes you laugh so
the cleverness is that your ridiculous
solution is close enough to an actual
solution that your brain says oh that's
like an actual solution oh no it's not
it's ridiculous and then you laugh
because the in congruence so when I said
that I always travel with a fire
extinguisher and a narwhal tusks that is
an engineering solution meaning that if
if the you know if I'm part of a knife
attack I've got the two things which
apparently work really well for
rappelling lifers knife errs knife
attackers then the other thing is
another one of the other dimensions is
so the first dimension was cleverness so
you need at least two of the six
dimensions of humor for something to
register as a joke to other people so if
you only put one in there typically it
doesn't fit you also want or doesn't
work as a as a joke the other dimension
is bizarre if you can make something
that's out of somebody's normal normal
let's say world and yet make it sound
like it could be no matter how
ridiculous that to makes you prime to
laugh because the world doesn't make
sense
so because having a narwhal tusks as a
weapon and a fire extinguisher is so
unusual it has bizarre just already in
it so it's already bizarre and there's
some cruelty involved that's another
dimension of humor if somebody is having
something bad happen to them that
usually Prime's you for humor just
automatically you know unless it's so
terrible that you know you're
you're too distracted by the horrible
enough of it but if there's something
just sort of mildly bad happening to
somebody now for example when this guy
was getting stabbed with the narwhal
tusks see I'm just you don't even have
to add the joke all I have to do is say
this guy was being stabbed with a
narwhal tusk and you're already laughing
that's perfect that's good fodder for a
cart coming
alright so and then what I said who's
the idiot now that sort of brought it
all together because you could see that
I thought I was being clever by having a
narwhal tusk
the fire extinguisher with me all the
time and I got kind of lucky because it
turns out those are useful okay so those
are a few of the dimensions of humor
that are in that another one that went
semi viral yesterday was I showed a
picture of but I have to pause and say
this for a second as bizarre as it is
for a narwhal tusk and a fire
extinguisher to be part of a national
story
have you come to think about how perfect
those two tools are for stopping a knife
fight let's say let's say you knew there
was gonna be a knife fight you know
sometime next week and you were gonna be
in it and and you had all the time you
needed to to use your environment to
fashion the perfect defense but you live
in a country where you don't have guns
right so a gun would be the perfect
defense the sword would be pretty good
but it would be hard to beat a 5 foot
long pointy pole the narwhal tusks and a
fire extinguisher that the other guys
using because if you just have the
pointy thing maybe he can grab it and
you know stab you and if you just have
the fire extinguisher well he could
probably just sort of run through it can
stab you but if you've got one guy with
a pointy thing and one guy with a fire
extinguisher
you can take care of business the third
guy who was actually the bravest because
he had no weapons at all and he
it'll be he'll be lost in obscurity he's
just got he's just like guide number
three you didn't have a cool tool all
right
so Joe Biden announced the kickoff of
the I'm not even making this up if you
haven't heard this story I promise you
I'm not making this up this is actually
really in the news that Joe Biden has
branded his bus tour the no malarkey to
her now I asked myself what was the
campaign staff meeting like when they
kicked around this idea I feel as if it
looks a little like this and I'm going
to invite Dale to do the Biden campaign
decision-making process in one act Dale
will be playing the part of a campaign
advisor on the Biden team i without my
Dale beard will be playing the part of
Joe Biden while they're deciding on the
no malarkey to her so does anybody have
a any ideas for branding our bus to her
oh oh yeah I do I do I I think we should
call it that no malarkey to her pretty
good it's pretty good
what yeah we call it the no malarkey
tour people love that people love when I
say no malarkey okay what's more larkey
mean well it means sort of like
foolishness and you know BS that sort of
thing where none of that
so no malarkey this is believing this is
gonna hit home people say Trump is a
Brander no no I will take him under the
bleachers behind the school any day now
will brand him like a drum I'll brand
him so hard
no malarkey it's gonna make it merit
make America great again look like
spittle it's gonna look like nothing a
point of clarification if I may know
malarkey without your first choice
there's nothing else we have I'm just
asking
was there anything number 2 or 3 on the
list I mean just in case I'm just saying
just in case the no malarkey thing maybe
tomorrow you wake up and you'll like it
as much just a case there's anything
number 2 number 3 nope nope no malarkey
no malarkey that's it I have made my
decision okay point of clarification
hopefully amazing when you say no
malarkey how comprehensive is that does
that include no shenanigans are there no
shenanigans no malarkey just just keep
it simple we don't have to get into the
shenanigans but no malarkey okay no
shenanigans we don't need to say that
but how about lollygagging is
lollygagging in or out forget about the
lollygagging there's just no malarkey
let's just keep it simple
no malarkey right right but about
kerfuffles and her follows nothing moxie
gobsmacked rapscallions
nothing just malarkey that's all no no
lollygagging no film Fennell
just malarkey
you heard me it's good to be a winner
and then we see and seem and then we see
a photo of the no malarkey bus parked in
front of what would be his rally and it
was an hour before the rally and there
wasn't a single person there there was
just nothing but a bus that said Noble
our key and that's when I tweeted the
pair
they're only coming from the malarkey so
what do you get when you go to a trump
rally well you get a lot of malarkey let
me look at that you want malarkey I'll
tell you where to go go to a trump rally
are you gonna enjoy it yeah you're gonna
love the malarkey in fact after the
Trump rally what are the parts that you
quote back to your friends while
laughing uproariously is that the
statistics no is it when President Trump
thanks the other people in the state
he's having the rally
no no that's probably not the part you
talk about later
it's the malarkey if you want to fill
your stadium you better bring the
malarkey that's what I'm saying people
like their malarkey malarkey deeply
underrated I say give me more malarkey
and that's not even counting the fact as
Libby Debbie Susan no as Susan pointed
out on the internet that malarkey has no
in front of it have I taught you
anything about putting the word no in
front of a bigger word that is the one
that carries all the meaning how does
your brain process that it does not
process it as no malarkey it processes
it as malarkey malarkey so we have proof
positive that the Biden campaign does
not know anything about psychology words
people branding politics or much of
anything from this century I suppose but
if you want to know more about your
phonograph or your VHS tapes you should
talk to Joe Biden because he's got that
stuff down down I tell you
now you may be saying to me as many
people have okay boomer technically I'm
a boomer I'm actually I think I'm at the
young end of the boomer range
I believe and Mark Snyder is
popularizing the the counter phrase
especially against the people who think
climate change is going to kill them
pretty soon and his counter is okay
dimmer pretty good isn't it
okay dimmer so every time somebody tells
you that the world is gonna end because
Trump is so so bullying just say okay
doer every time somebody says if we
don't get rid of Trump by God our our
whole country is gonna fall into the
ocean in in dishonor
okay doober it's pretty good isn't it
yeah it's cut it'll grow on you believe
it believe me here's a little persuasion
tip for you you're hearing a lot of
people when they talk about the
president and they're talking about the
Ukraine phone call and the whole concept
of impeachment here's a phrase you hear
a lot from the Democrats knowing that no
one is above the law now that's a really
clever phrase it's a persuasion phrase
it is not a it's not a factual statement
because in fact we live in a world where
people beat the law all the time so
nobody should be above the law but of
course some people do manage to get away
with stuff both be they poor or be they
rich we have a system that's kind of
leaky pen a wait that's not the point
when somebody says no one is above the
law and let's say they're talking about
the president what what technique is
that students of persuasion you've heard
me talk about this to infinity and you
probably never noticed there it is
somebody said it's it's thinking past
the sale that's the technique being used
if I say that about Trump no one is
above the law I've done trying to make
you unclean that law was broken I
and scene 1 there's no law that's broken
so by saying that somebody is saying no
one is above the law
that's one of those bumper sticker
sayings that we just accept as true if
you hear the phrase no one is above the
law how many of you disagree with it
zero right there's zero people think you
people should be above the law you know
forget about the fact that sometimes
people get away with stuff nobody thinks
it should be that way so it's super
sticky because it's a familiar phrase
familiar little phrases like that have
more power than they should because
they're familiar you also process it as
true I hear this all the time nobody's
about the law
true alright now it happens to have the
advantage of actually you know being a
real thing nobody is above the law in
this country but it makes you think past
the question now here is my suggestion
you know how trump is really good at
turning around the other team's attack
they said he and his group were using
fake news so he turned that fake news
into an attack on CNN and MSNBC it
worked really well so he's really good
at taking the gun out of the hand of the
mugger and using it to shoot the mugger
here's how he should use this when
somebody says of the Ukrainian phone
call and looking into the Biden
situation no one is above the law here
is the correct response that's why I was
looking into the boom into the Biden
thing because no one is above the law if
you accept the principle that no one is
above the law that takes where there's
some some assumptions and one of those
assumptions is that you see something
that looks like it might be against the
law even if it's not guaranteed to be
against the law it's worth looking into
because if you don't look into it well
maybe somebody gets away with breaking
the law and remember no one is above the
law
so if Trump turned this around no one is
above the law and started using it about
why he would ask Ukraine to look into
the Biden thing because correct me if
I'm wrong what is the one thing that the
Democrats say over and over and over
again they say that he's digging up dirt
on an opponent and that the reason all
of this is bad is not because there was
just a person he was looking into it's
because it was his political opponent if
somebody says why are you looking into
potential crimes of your political
opponent what's the best answer no one
is above the law now what I have heard
Trump supporters say yeah and I've said
it a bunch of times I say it didn't a
long complicated way and I say it like
this I'll say well you know if Biden
Biden was leading in the polls to do the
next president it's a very high priority
that we look into foreign foreign
interference and by the way even though
maybe that should have been done at a
lower level Department of Justice and
Bob Barr it's just common sense that the
boss has to kick it off you want a
public statement by the other boss
because once he's committed in public
and you've talked a leader leader you're
gonna get much more much more
cooperation at the lower levels okay
that's the argument I've been using
complicated right completely valid in my
opinion completely valid but kind of
complicated compare that to this oh yeah
why was it why was it just a coincidence
that the only time the Trump cares about
this corruption why is it the only time
he cares is that it happens to be his
political opponent Scott so I explained
that let the one time he cares
it's his political opponent explain that
no one is above the law who was gonna do
it right who else was doing it was
somebody else looking into it I'm not
aware of anybody else you
if Biden was above the law then of
course of course she should not look
into him he's above the law but if he's
not above the law
maybe you're look into it maybe you see
it see if he says everything's there now
let me be clear the no one is above the
law thing is just persuasion it's not
really thinking per se it's persuasion
but it could be used both ways as my
point
[Applause]
apparently the Newsweek reporter who
reported that Trump would be spending
his Thanksgiving tweeting and golfing
got fired because people pointed out
that no he wasn't spending Thanksgiving
tweeting and golfing he was serving
meals to people in a war zone our are
fighting people
so Newsweek fired that person and I
think this is another sort of a cousin
to the gell-mann effect now a reminder
the gell-mann amnesia effect I write
about it in my best-selling book loser
think which you probably have already
ordered but if you haven't there's still
time to gate today to get it and the
gell-mann effect most of you know what
this is it's when it was it was created
by a physicist named gell-mann and
whenever you see a news story about
physics that was the one topic he knew
really well and that when he would read
the news stories about physics he would
say oh my god they're wrong every time
but really every time he'd read his
story about physics being the top one of
the top physicists and the world he
would look at and say they got
everything wrong and then he would have
amnesia at the very next story he would
read because he would think that was
probably all right now is it a
coincidence that the only time he knows
the content he can tell it's wrong but
all the other times when he doesn't know
much about that content he accepts that
is true one of the odds of that right
the point of that being that the news is
horribly inaccurate more often than you
imagine but you just don't know it
because you're not close enough to the
details the I was going to tie this in
with that Newsweek firing person so the
oh here it is normally when the when the
news gets something wrong you don't
always know about it and in fact the
news especially the opinion people will
double down and say we got it right even
though the news even though the facts
seem to indicate they got it wrong so
you don't have that many clean examples
where somebody just makes up the news
but this Newsweek situation was one
where we all get to see behind the
curtain because we know with complete
certainty there's no ambiguity about
what Trump actually did on Thanksgiving
there could have been no time and I
don't think it's been suggested there
wasn't any time that it was ever in in
evidence that he was going to spend that
day golfing and tweeting so even though
he used some decoy
you know diversion to sneak over to
Afghanistan for security reasons it's
such a clean example where you see that
somebody literally made up some facts
and then put them in a national
publication yeah so it's sort of jarring
because you don't have situations where
you can determine the actual facts with
complete ambiguity after the fake facts
have been published
what's more common is that the fake news
will say it's another bombshell proof of
the president colluding with elbonia or
whatever and then you know there's lots
of news events after that but you never
get like a completely ambiguous you know
debunking it's rare that you have the
fake story and then a hundred percent
guaranteed it's fake
the very next day that does just doesn't
happen so likely gell-mann effect take
something from that
you should take from the fact that this
one time we could know for sure what was
true and you could compare it to what
was reported and they're just opposites
all right what else we got here
so I think those were the there's a
shooter who injured 11 people on Canal
Street in New Orleans don't know much
about that that just happened news will
be slow because it's a holiday weekend
didn't Trump say he alone can fix it I
don't know what you're talking about
it's not the first time they have stolen
from you stolen what Google sociopath
versus psychopath Trump why what
happened to the Kurds yeah there's a
good question isn't it why is there not
a lot of reporting about all the
atrocities happening with the Kurds left
in Syria is it because things are
working out or because we just don't
have good reporting and because it
couldn't be both of those things right
it could be that we don't have reporting
and it's working out it could be that
it's mostly working out but a few people
are getting killed we shouldn't get
killed because it's a war zone and you
know they're mortal enemies involved
everywhere but maybe maybe the number of
deaths is not high enough relative to
the danger in that area then it looks
like a special problem I don't know they
made a treaty among the three nations
that is correct
oh by the way those of you I I did
settle the mystery some of you know that
on my book
sometimes the subtitle says how
untrained brains are ruining America but
that I noticed that for some of the
copies
on the inside the subtitle is wrong well
it's actually a different subtitle than
then is on the cover of the same book
it's so this is one of the versions I
have where it says that one train
Marines are ruining the world instead of
America now we looked into this and our
best guess is that they're around 300
copies that have this error and the
error was caused by the the versions to
say world were for the non-american
audience the version is says America mr.
America of course and the printer mixed
up one of the pallets so there was just
around 300 or so we think could be wrong
about 300 them they have a mixed title
is different from the subtitle and I
happen to get one that's right it's a
collector's edition if you got one of
those
you got a rare one looks like a bunch of
you got him soon I think whoever got
them first were more likely to have it
so the people who bought it in the first
300 probably are the ones I have it I'm
just guessing that's case did you see
Biden talk about his leg hair
I did not see it but I heard I saw the
transcript of it and I didn't know what
to make of that I did not do it all
right let me stop this I'm gonna talk to
one of the users here at otu risk who
says
co2 is plant food you need to catch up
alright so here's my advice if you want
to in if you want to be engaged in the
conversation about climate change there
are a couple things you can say that
will just signal to everyone involved
they don't know what you're talking
about
and that you haven't looked into it
enough to have any kind of an opinion
all right one of those things that
signals that you don't know anything
about the topic is co2 is plant food
it's true
plants need co2 it's not a thing you
should say about climate change because
while all the scientists understand that
they all do trust me every scientist
knows the plants need co2 everybody
knows this if we did something to remove
too much of it that that would be a
problem but nobody really thinks that's
much of a risk there's a lot of risk we
might have too much of it say the
scientists but there's not really any
real risk we're gonna remove too much of
it because we we would see it coming so
far in advance and we would stop doing
that you know unless we did something
stupid like cede the ocean with
self-growing
bacteria that ruined the earth or
something but I don't think we're gonna
do that so if you're if you're entering
the conversation at the lowest level
sort of the preschool level on a
conversation that you know you would
need a PhD to really understand that the
simplest least useful signal that you
don't know what you're talking about is
to say the statement to co2 is plant
food that is no more useful than to say
humans breathe oxygen everybody knows it
it's just not relevant it never will be
the other thing that signals that you
don't know what you're talking about on
the topic of climate change is that all
of the all the global warming is caused
by some fluctuations one thing I can
tell you as I say and loser think if
there's one thing I can say with
complete certainty the scientists who
study how warmed the atmosphere is have
considered the Sun to think that they
have forgotten to consider the Sun and
all of its you know elements of being
the Sun to imagine that the scientists
who study this for a living
forgot that is just that you're reading
some wack-ass website that makes these
claims and you really you need to get
out of the entry level all right so it's
okay to enter the conversation without
knowing much but you're going to be
signaling your complete lack of
understanding of the topic by saying
either co2 is plan
food thank you thank you for telling us
that water is wet humans breathe air and
that if you drop a heavy object on your
foot you know what are your foot there's
nothing in the statement so don't act
like you added something and if you
think that the scientists forgot to
consider the Sun when considering warmth
then you need to you need to up your
game they did consider the Sun they
looked at the flares they looked at all
the historical stuff they considered the
Sun all right that I if it seems like I
have too much of an attitude about that
it's because I think the whole climate
change thing is a big topic it's a big
topic in the sense that it's important
it's important if we have a problem it's
important if we don't because you know
there's a gigantic set of decisions
either way so it's an important topic
and if you're coming at it at the
kindergarten level you should just stay
out of it or
or study up a little bit more but co2 is
plant food is just saying water is what
everybody knows this scientists
considered the Sun so there's that right
they considered it and still got the
models wrong well here's the thing as I
as I described in looser think as long
as you're willing to discard the models
that didn't work and you've got hundreds
of models you're always gonna have a
model that works even if your model
doesn't work all right let me make that
point better let's say that the possible
range of where the temperatures will be
in the future is this it's a big place a
big range and you've got some models
that say is here some here some here
some here some here but everybody agrees
that temperature is gonna be somewhere
in this range all right so if the
temperature comes in let's say at the
lower end of the range they'll just
throw away the ones at the top and
they'll say those were not predictive
let's try again next year
and more people will make some new
models so by next year there'll be some
new models and they'll look at them all
and they'll say hey a few of these
models came pretty close and then we'll
throw out a few more as long as you're
adding models and throwing out ones that
didn't predict you are guaranteed to
have some models because they're all
through the range you're guaranteed to
have some models that appear to predict
does that mean that they did predict
totally unknown there's no way to know
if you have enough models some of them
will always look like they're predicting
especially if you're adding new ones all
the time because you can add new ones
they got all the history right on day
one say look my new model you know
predicts the past it what's the word for
that what you know the word for
predicted in the past you don't predict
it you hindcast it so there are two
situations you could guarantee you is
true one if scientists are really good
at making climate models you would
expect that there would exist some
climate models that are good all right
your scientists are good at it and
they've done their job really well the
outcome should be some models that look
like they're really close to the
actualities right the other possibility
is if scientists don't know what they're
talking about and they're just randomly
producing models what would be the
outcome of that exactly the same exactly
the same whether they were randomly
generating them so long as they were
within that sort of largest range of
possible you would always have models
that appear to predict whether you did
it completely and competently and it was
just randomness or you know exactly what
you're doing and you just nailed it so
if you don't understand that there would
always be models that appear to predict
even if they don't then you don't
understand how to look at the models and
what kind of credibility you should put
on them now and then when they take it
to the next level of the economics on it
well that's
guessing alright that's about all I need
to talk about today I'm looking at your
comments here waiting for Scott Scott
Scott somebody had a book removed from
Amazon for questioning the role of co2
in warming I'm not sure that's wrong so
there are different kinds of skeptics
when it comes to the to climate change
and people come at it from completely
different areas and they're they're just
parts of it that they question so Tony
Heller is famous for questioning the
measurements and and has questions about
whether the measurements have been
accurately recorded whether they got you
know tweaked for a fact etcetera so
that's one kind of skepticism
you know Tony does more than that one
kind but that's that's one of these
notice for the other kind is what
somebody just mentioned there there are
scientists who say hey the whole basic
chemistry and physics that you all think
is true is not true that co2 doesn't
actually have an impact on warming that
it falls into the category of I suppose
anything's possible but if you had to
look at a category that the majority of
scientists agree and are probably right
that would be where I would look because
on the basic chemistry in physics that's
stuff you can test and has been tested
you know in a lab so you can see hey if
I've got this little artificial
atmosphere and I add some co2 did the
temperature go up or dead so if your
skepticism is on the chemistry and the
physics of co2 you're probably I'll say
98% chance a crackpot
so should Amazon allow a crackpot who
might have damaging scientific
thoughts on Amazon well that's a that's
a tricky situation isn't it because as
soon as somebody's in charge of deciding
who's a crackpot
you'll never get any new ideas now if
you told me to bet if you said Scotland
you're gonna have to put a bet or a gun
to your head you don't get any of this
bet you have to make a bet does co2
caused by humans cause the temperature
the earth to go up fast enough that we
as a civilization B should be concerned
yes or no is the basic chemistry and
physics right that adding co2 from
humans will cause the temperature to go
up I'm gonna but I'm gonna gamble YES on
that every time because that's something
scientists can get right more likely
than not over time but when they go to
the models that gets sketchy and when
they go to the last phase which is the
economic models that's just absurd so
you don't put the same credibility on
the basic science which is probably
pretty solid as you do with the models
which are a good try might be right
maybe not and then the economics which
is just guessing all right that's all I
got to say I know everybody Tunes out
when I talk about climate change you
must be sick of it by now and I will
talk to you later