[Music]
well I hope you're all here to find love
and the time of coronavirus well we're
we're limping along we'll get through
this thing together
one way we're gonna enjoy the day
despite all of the events in the news is
with a little thing called the
simultaneous M now I know you're
thinking but Scott the simultaneous sip
can't cure the coronavirus can it to
which I say you don't know until you try
so all you need is a cup of our glass of
tanker gel just eyeing the canteen
trekker flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous up
go well
the dumbest presidential candidate in
the history of candidates Joe Biden
who's an animal brain is barely
functioning at this point I think we
could agree he has decided to go public
and proved to the world that he doesn't
understand the strategy against the
coronavirus all right I'm gonna read his
something he said yesterday and tell me
if you think he understands what the
strategy is because the CDC has a
strategy and it's to flatten the curve
those are exact words nobody is trying
to keep the virus from getting in
because that can't be done
and nobody thinks it can be done there
are no experts who think we can stop the
spread of the disease not if you think
that it's time to change your mind the
disease is coming it could be 40 to 70%
the public get it and that's actually
the only way it will ever stop because
you have to have enough herd immunity
that the odds of spreading it aren't
that high because it always hits
somebody who's already got it and is
immune so that's the strategy the
strategy is to slow it down and that's
it that's the only strategy and
everybody agrees that's the strategy the
CDC says it clearly and often here's
what Joe Biden says quote a wall will
not stop the coronavirus all right we're
done there right aren't we done he can't
be President we're in the middle of a
crisis and he can't tell the difference
between slowing something down because
that's the best we can do and stopping
it a wall will not stop a coronavirus
how does that have anything to do with
anything okay let's let's say that's
just politics and we'll let that pass
and then he went on and said the poll
banning all travel from Europe or any
other part of the world will not stop it
Biden continued taking aim at the
temporary travel policy I'm Joe Biden
you just proved you can't be President
because if you think that the travel ban
was to stop it you're missing the whole
important part which is that it can't be
stopped the important part is slowing it
down to the flattening of the curve and
Joe Biden if you don't know that by now
you really can't be President and was
there nobody on his team who could
advise him that the strategy is to
flatten the curve nobody noticed
nobody's paying attention has anybody
watched any of the CDC stuff at all
somebody asked me what's this going to
look what it what will it look like if
Carl Harris becomes the vice president
and looks like he's a nursemaid for a
declining Biden's and I said
unfortunately for them it's going to
look like a
Driving Miss Daisy situations it's gonna
look you know with the genders reversed
it's going to look like Biden is Miss
Daisy and Connell is driving the car and
I don't know how we got here I you have
to don't you have to blame the Democrats
now I realize that when Trump was
running for office the the Democrats
were yelling you Republicans can't you
see
are you blind to what's happening here
my cats bumping the camera that's why it
moves to which I said no actually I
can't see it now I can't see it you're
telling me that Trump is a monster and
he'll destroy the world but looking at
the same things you're looking at and I
don't see it and then he became
president and things were going well
except for the one thing he couldn't
control the virus and he did the one
thing he could do that he could control
which is closed-closed traveled fairly
quickly so is that the same as watching
Joe Biden run for president and clearly
is in some stage of just give us at some
stage of mental decline you know I was
going to use a word but I think I won't
use a mental medical word because
obviously I I can't diagnose him but
there's something going on anyway that's
enough on that I would ask Democrats not
to put the country in this kind of
danger I mean what would happen you know
I don't even want to put this thought
into the universe but let's let's say if
Trump retired tomorrow just to put it
that way what would be the back-up plan
I mean of course vice president but for
2021 could we survive a president biden
whose brain is clearly not working
what do you say democrats i you know
what i need to do is i need to give
someone as a guest or or at
now this is interesting I've never
talked to anybody in person who who
supported Biden and also thought his
brain was working have you how can it be
that I've never talked to anybody who
think Biden's brain is working now I
have talked to people who support Biden
but I've never heard them say directly
yeah I'm looking at him and he looks
fine to me
because I don't think it's a thing I
don't think there's any Democrat we're
looking in the eyes and be honest I mean
anybody can lie but and be honest and
say you know I don't see anything wrong
I'm watching the videos you are I guess
those videos are just sort of taken out
of context so you know you're being
fooled there's there's nothing wrong
with Joe Biden have you haven't have you
have you been in person with somebody
you know you know not just somebody on
TV who could lie of course but somebody
you know will they look you in the eye
and say I'm looking at those videos he
looks fine to me I don't know is that
ever gonna happen let's stop arguing
about whether people are panicking or
not panicking that's word thinking let's
just call it preparing every time
somebody says so-and-so is panicking or
are you panicking or who's panicking or
panic panic panic immediately just
replace the word with preparation
because nobody knows the right amount of
emotional investment yeah don't worry
about my internal state worry about what
I do and let's just call it preparing so
every time somebody uses that other P
word immediately correct them and say
well the only thing we know is or
preparing you know I don't think we can
define the exact proper amount of worry
which by the way should be different for
each person depending on your situation
all right Joel Pollak wrote an amazing
piece in Breitbart
and you can see it in my Twitter feed i
retweeted it between it and he's
comparing the timelines of impeachment
with the timelines of the beginning of
the coronavirus before the united states
was fully engaged and there's a complete
cross there's a complete overlap in
other words when the government of the
United States should have been putting
its focus on the coronavirus really
early it was instead distracted by the
impeachment process and I don't think
you know of course the Democrats have
always been saying hey we can we can
walk and chew gum at the same time but
they didn't you know I have to wonder
could they walk and chew gum at the same
time that question doesn't have to be
asked any more you don't have to ask is
it possible you can simply look at what
happened it didn't happen they walked
and they did not chew gum now maybe they
could have maybe maybe if you talk to
them say you know we could have done
both things but we didn't so it doesn't
matter if you can walk and chew gum if
you're not willing to if all you're
gonna do is walk and not chew the gum
don't tell us you can if you don't and
they didn't and you could argue and joel
puts this this thought out there in the
universe that we can now put a price
under the impeachment in lives actual
people who would die who might not have
died otherwise because of a slow
preparation and lack of focus on this
emerging problem at the time could it be
that impeachment will kill the middle
and million americans you know did did
you just scoff at that
did you just scoff when I said that
impeachment might kill a million
Americans because you shouldn't have I
think that's the upside I don't think
you'll need more than that
but if you were to price you know sort
of
freakonomics economic pricing of the
impeachment you would have to look at
the opportunity cost
that's how economists think they say if
we're doing this we can't simultaneously
be doing this other thing because you
can't be everywhere at once it's true
with money but it's true with any
resource if you're doing something you
can't be doing something else with the
same resources so I think the argument
is fairly solid that a late start will
make a big difference in the outcomes
and we probably got started later than
we should have I mean we should have
been printing ventilators like crazy in
mid January so we didn't have to worry
about it in February and March all right
here's a question that's really making
me angry and I don't know the answer to
this which is why are we not seeing
reporting on the ground of an actual
manufacturing company in the United
States who is going you know
balls-to-the-wall to ramp up to make
ventilators even if they've never made a
ventilator before now is that because
it's not happening
is that because there's only one little
ventilator company in the United States
and all the rest of them are in other
countries and that poor little company
can't do anything so it's better to
ignore it and and just people are gonna
die because we don't have enough
ventilators what exactly is happening
with the ventilator situation I'd like
to see a news crew camped out outside of
an American manufacturing plant and
watch them work 24 hours a day making
ventilators that they maybe even never
made two weeks ago where's my Apple
ventilator serious question if Apple
Computer made a ventilator and they said
we don't know if we're when you'll ever
use this but here's one you can have at
your house it's a thousand dollars
whatever it is would there be enough
senior citizens people like me I'm in
that risk category over a certain age
some history of asthma would I pay a
thousand dollars to have an Apple made
ventilator just in case you know just to
have us in there just in case yes yes I
would
so Apple computer if you're listening I
would buy an Apple ventilator now you're
saving yourself how hard is it to make a
ventilator right so a an alert follower
of my Twitter account showed me a
tweeted around an article from 2010 all
right so context is important this is
ten years ago ten years ago mit had a
contest I guess to see if somebody could
see if the students could develop a
low-cost
ventilator for exactly this reason an
emergency low-cost ventilator students
made one with a hundred dollars in parts
and I think they used mostly
off-the-shelf parts I don't think they
invented parts I think they just bought
parts and assembled them in a little
do-it-yourself kit and actually made
working ventilators in a reproducible
way for $100 now obviously an Apple made
ventilator would not be 100 dollars and
be maybe if that wasn't or whatever but
the point is apparently it's not hard to
make them there doesn't seem to be too
much to it now someone else weighed in
and here's a fact check for you saying
Scott Scott Scott it's not good enough
just a ventilators you also have to have
trained operators if you don't have a
trained operator it's not going to help
you with your ventilators to which I say
seriously we we couldn't you know you
couldn't do a telemedicine call to a
doctor and say hey I got my ventilator
am i putting this on right and the
doctor says no better you better tighten
up the mask a little bit if I were there
I'd make sure there are no holes yeah
the stuff like that is that really a
problem that these ventilators that
students students can make for $100 it
was just a little mask thing
you don't think we can figure out how to
put that little masculine on her faces
without a trained operator and hit the
button turning on I don't know there I
got questions in a world war two this
country ramped up to produce you know
tanks and weapons and all kinds of stuff
and we did it pretty quickly over in
China you saw them ramped up to create
hospitals they built hospitals in two
weeks it almost sounds like I it almost
sounds like I misspoke China built
entire hospitals in two weeks now of
course there were temporary etc but good
enough for the job we can't build enough
ventilators with this much warning if
you give the United States 30 days
warning of a problem we can't build
stuff anymore there's nobody in this
country you can build stuff really fast
maybe I mean could it be that our
manufacturing capability you know just
generally has dropped so low that we
can't ramp up quickly and build a little
device than a student can make for a
hundred dollars and we can't crank these
out by the hundreds of thousands with
two weeks of notice what's wrong with
our country if we can't and I don't know
that we can't let's have some I'm asking
for some reporting on that so news
business please find some companies in
that business and ask them what's
happening and you know and can we help
if you said to me Scott there's a
ventilator company down the road from
you and they're you know the only thing
they need is more labor because you need
somebody to assemble the parts and we
can't build a robot to do it this
quickly so we just need lots of people
just to assemble them I'd be down there
in a heartbeat I would I would stand up
I would go to my car and I would drive
down there and I would start assembling
for free you don't even need to pay me
I'll work all day I'll assemble some
ventilators for you just tell me what I
need to do alright
so very disappointed in the media for
not focusing on that problem maybe they
will I've started a new policy today
I'll you can of course make your own
decisions but I'm blocking anybody on
Twitter who comes into my mentions and
into the comments and keep saying that
this is the common flu and it's it's
gonna be like the common cold and we're
all panicking and we should stop
worrying because it's not going to be a
problem that is exactly what a baby yet
I don't know a Chinese agent might say
so I'm gonna block everybody no matter
how long you followed be I'm gonna block
you for coming in to Twitter and saying
it's just a common cold it's regular flu
or even comparing it to the regular flu
so anybody who compares it to the swine
flu compares it to Ebola as if that's
making a point that it's not so bad I'm
just blocking you all for now all right
because this is a crisis it's an
emergency and normally I would say free
speech say whatever you want but that's
dangerous it's dangerous for that kind
of opinion to be out there now are they
right are they right that you know a
year from now we might say oh my god we
panicked and everything was fine
are they right well it's not impossible
but it is also the dumbest thing in the
world it's the dumbest thing in the
world to act as if you know it's not
going to be a problem because you don't
know you don't know so maybe you should
be prepared anyway so I'm blocking
anybody who is acting exactly like a
Chinese agent even if they're not
there's just no excuse for acting like
one here's a question for you can two
people share a ventilator no obviously
two people can have a facemask the same
facemask on for the ventilator but
because it's an emergency
is there any situation in which you
could add like an adapter to a
ventilator that would keep the two
people's air separate let's say I don't
even know if that's important if both
people do have coronavirus does it
matter anymore if you get exposed I
don't know how that works but could you
put an adapter that's just a hose
adapter so two people can use the same
ventilator I think the answer is
probably not for any variety of reasons
of cross contamination you know not
enough power etc but if the only problem
is that the ventilator wouldn't last as
long you know if you overtaxed it or
something like that or maybe each person
would only get eighty percent as much
air you know there may be an engineering
reason why I can't work as well but I
just put it out there you know in a
normal world nobody would ever have the
thought it just wouldn't even be a
thought that you would ever put two
people on a ventilator right because in
a normal world you would just never do
that but is the only reason we haven't
considered it because we have normal
world thoughts you know should we at
least toss it into the mix that somebody
could develop a and and maybe maybe
somebody's making events later now
that's a you know a central processor
with a number of hoses is that a thing
could you build that I don't know I'm
not suggesting as possible I'm just
saying let's put all the ideas into the
mix and in the in the deeply unlikely
you know one percent case that having a
having a you know a hos double hose
coming off of a single ventilator might
actually make sense one percent chance I
mean it's not very high likelihood but
I'll put it out there maybe somebody
sees and says oh my god I never thought
about that
you never know this report from UC San
Francisco on what is likely to happen in
the United States and goes like this so
their estimate is that forty to seventy
percent of the u.s. will be infected
over the next
year and a half 40 to 70% now you need
you would need that many people to get
infected to have any hope that it slows
down or stops because you have to have
enough people who can't get it again
because they've already been exposed and
have some immunity presumably I mean I
think we're agreed that it creates
immunity if you've had it once but I
guess we should get a confirmation on
that as well and they estimate that 1.5
million Americans may die compared to a
seasonal flu that might be 50,000 so
this is why I'm blocking people who are
comparing because they're doing that
dumb thing where they're comparing the
number of people who have died already
from this flu to the total number who
will ever die from the other flu so it's
like a few hundred compared to 50,000
but the real number of course is the
risk number that it could be 1.5 million
people most of the old people compared
to 50,000 that's not really close those
are different problems fatality range
they're still saying is in the range of
ten times as much as a regular flu
there's some reason to hope that that
could be downgraded when we have more
information this assumes no drug is
found and I think that's fair so 1.5
million people dying who might not have
died otherwise or at least not so well
they all everybody dies
everybody dies but wouldn't have
happened that quickly or for that reason
here's something I would like my
government to do for me so schools are
closing in various places in the country
not everywhere so I last i checked three
states had closed and a lot of
individual private schools and stuff are
probably closed so schools are closing i
don't see much hope that that won't be
widespread in other words i think most
of the states if not all looking closed
schools will probably have to so I think
school closings are
here's what I need from my government to
make that work if you have kids you know
between a certain age let's say they're
old enough to be a little bit
independent you know let's say 11 years
old to 18 so you've got a kid now house
11 to 18 and you say okay kids you get a
stay home from school and the kids say
yay
all right yeah you stay home from school
and then you say and you're not going to
be able to leave the house and there and
they say what yeah kids you're actually
gonna stay in this house for 30 to 90
days tell that to your 11 year old and
then they say well but you know our
friends will be able to come over and
you know at least at least we'll be with
our friends and then you as the parents
say okay I don't think you're hearing
this yet not with friends you're not
gonna be with your friends and you're
not gonna be in school
you're gonna be so bored that your head
is going to explode and then they'll say
okay but can I go visit one friend and
if you're a parent you know you're gonna
break down
you're gonna break down because your kid
is gonna nag you and nag you and say but
just one friend I just want to go visit
one friend I'm going crazy I have
nothing to do I'm just you know playing
with my phone
can I just visit one friend and you're
gonna say all right all right
but hard rule one friend so you can go
to their house and then you can come
directly back one friend and your kid
goes to their house and 50 frickin
friends show up because they're kids
right kids say hey come over to my house
my mom said it's okay or didn't say it's
okay and they come anyway you can't keep
kids from bunching if they have phones
so unless you took their phones away
which nobody's gonna do right nobody's
gonna take kids phones away you
especially in that teenage range it's
just impossible if you don't take their
phones away they call each other and
they say hey I got permission to go to
one friend's house meet me there
kids will not comply they will not
comply there isn't the slightest chance
that when they walk out of the house
they will comply they will not so you
have to plan a world in which there's
massive non-compliance
I want my government to do this assuming
more schools close or even the amount
they have I want my government to issue
an executive order telling kids how much
or if they should socialize in other
words I want my government to tell me as
a parent what to tell the kid because
the only hope I have is to tell my kid
my god I would let you go play with your
one friend I really would I mean I think
is reasonable but it's the law there's
an executive order it's the law we could
get arrested now could it be a law would
you get arrested now but these are kids
you're gonna have to lie to them you're
gonna have to lie to them and tell them
it's a law otherwise there's no chance
of compliance and even then there's not
much chance but it would help so I would
like my government to assuming schools
close to do some kind of an executive
order obviously there's no such thing as
a binding order of this type it wouldn't
really be legally binding but parents
could use it they can still tell their
kid look there's an executive order from
the president that says you got to stay
inside it's not me you know take take
the pressure off the parents that's all
I'm asking
apparently China I'd seen stories about
this but honestly didn't believe it you
know I'd heard stories that Chinese
officials were starting to blame the
United States for putting the virus in
China or starting it ourselves or
something like that and I thought no
there
that's crazy the Chinese government is
not blaming the United States for the
Wuhan virus that would just be nuts and
then I saw it it's actually happening
China at real officials you know people
with titles on Twitter and stuff are
actually blaming the United States for
the Wuhan virus to which I say thanks a
lot oh man I just thought myself from
really swearing a lot my my cursing
reflex was was like just right on the
right on the barrel there Thank You
China for guaranteeing decoupling the
you know there were a lot of there were
a lot of reasons to de couple before
this virus came out and I I've been one
of the most vocal people saying we
should do it now that doesn't mean we do
it tomorrow it just means that that
should be a national strategy to get our
stuff out of China move our
manufacturing back and become less
dependent because they actually not only
did they blame us for it but here's the
good part the good part being the bad
bar China actually has threatened to
withhold antibiotics for political
reasons what are you kidding me we have
critical manufacturing in a country that
just threatened to use access to
medicine as a weapon against us
decoupling is on there isn't anything
that could stop decoupling now let me
let me state this as a fact and see if
any of you disagree with it four months
ago
when I was putting the hash tag decouple
in every other tweet and I was saying
people people people we have to decouple
you know other people were saying it to
I'm not the only one but wasn't wasn't
the general reaction to that well that's
a little extreme we're not going to
decouple from
you know they're I mean we got our
problems we'll work through it it's
normal
we're not going to decouple what do you
think now now that now that we put
critical pharmaceuticals in China and
they just threatened to use that against
us now maybe they won't my guess is they
won't use it against us it would be too
dangerous but once they've threatened
that's the end of the story you know
there's there you've got lots of
variables that you say oh how do I weigh
this variable and should we decouple and
maybe we shouldn't well we can work this
thing out we can work that thing out and
we could put up with this so now you
know we don't really need to decouple I
see your argument but you know it's the
sort of a gray area not anymore it's not
a gray area now when a country threatens
to withhold antibiotics during a
pandemic that removes all doubt there's
no longer any depth decoupling has to
happen and more importantly it will
there isn't any chance we're keeping our
 in China anymore
that's over so whatever you're planning
in terms of you know looking at the
future of their world and what's going
to happen with the economy etc I'm
hoping it's good news that we're
bringing manufacturing back to the
United States but if you're wondering if
we're going to decouple from China
you know it'll probably be gradual but
it's no longer if it's no longer if once
they've threatened our health it doesn't
matter if it's a empty threat doesn't
matter if they meant it doesn't matter
if they really would have no intention
of doing that none of that matters the
threat is the end of the story no
conversations need to be happened no
debate needs to happen anymore we need
to be on the same side on this it's time
to decouple all right it'll happen
I see Trump blaming Obama for the CDC
not being ready for the pandemic and you
know you can make the argument that the
other guy should have been more prepared
but Trump's had three years on the job
and you know it took eight years of
Obama and three years of Trump to not be
prepared enough I guess I mean there is
obviously preparation but some
deficiency in preparation testing for
example now I don't I don't have any
tolerance for this anymore I have no
tolerance for blaming the past I don't
have any tolerance for Trump blaming
Obama but I also don't have any
tolerance for anybody blaming Trump it's
just backwards thinking during an
emergency we only need to focus forward
if you're spending any of your time
tweeting or you know blaming the last
administration or even blaming what
Trump should have done in 2017 as if we
knew what to do then it's just wasted
time please don't waste my time blaming
the past let's let's look forward
there's a weird thing happening that
it's not it's terrible to mention but
I'm gonna do it anyway that the Wuhan
virus and I don't need this to be a joke
it's just this weird element of the
simulation that we live in that this
could ever happen
our biggest problem had been climate
change
it looks like the war on virus is almost
designed to solve it now I don't think
it's designed I'm not not making that
claim I think it's probably natural but
it does seem to really help for climate
change because it slowed down the whole
economy and in you know it I'm not sure
international travel will ever be the
same but there's an even darker side to
this there's a hashtag
get trending if you haven't heard this
this is dark this is really dark stuff
apparently young people who are
relatively immune to the Wuhan virus
I've started a hashtag called boomer
remover yeah and you've got to really
have a dark sense of humor to laugh at
that and I do happily so even though
it's about removing me because I'm at
the tail end of the Boomers you can't
you can't ignore the fact that it's
weird that young people were blaming a
certain generation for a climate change
and then this virus comes it totally
removes the smog because all the
industrial stuff stopped in the most
polluted places you know China in
particular and then it started killing
the people that they blame for the
problem has there ever been a virus more
more suited accidentally I think more
suited to solve some other problem and
and so the young people are actually so
cold that they're saying well you
boomers ruined the world for us here's a
virus that's going to take you out and
leave us with your stuff maybe not so
bad wow wow I don't know what to say
about that that's just it's just
mind-boggling martha maccallum on Fox
News asked the CMS administrator Seema
Verma if there were enough ventilators
in the country and she asked her four
times and each time she refused to
answer the question directly instead
just talked about some talking points
until Martha was pretty frustrated but
if you avoid a question four times that
is your answer you can't avoid a
question four times and then say well I
guess there was no answer no the answer
is the avoiding the question four times
the answer is no the answer is no we do
not have enough
but it could be it's not the dumbest
thing in the world for the government
maybe not worry us about it if you can't
fix it so if you can't fix it me
somebody in the comments says it's
confirmed that the Brazilian president
has coronavirus I was expecting that I
don't know if that's that's just a
comment here I'm not saying that's true
but check your news I would I would I've
been expecting bad news I've been
expecting to hear that the Brazilian
president has it because some of the
members of his staff did but check that
I'm not sure if that's true yet so I
wonder if 3d printers will ever become
part of emergency preparation can you
imagine having a 3d printer and I guess
you'd have to project into the future
where the 3d printers are just better
and there's a there's a problem that
comes up and the government just sends a
blueprint down to everybody's 3d printer
on how to print your own $100 ventilator
could you get to a point where you could
print a ventilator now before that you
would probably get to a point where you
can print a mask maybe maybe you print
some toilet paper so I'm wondering if
the far future that won't help us this
time but I'm wondering if the future 15
years from now is that each maybe it's
each town not each house but each town
has a 3d printer and as soon as the
emergency breaks out these printers
activates and they start printing out
the very thing you need for this very
problem because each problem needs a
different set of supplies so you might
have a problem where you need a
different set of supplies and they're
going to be limited because nobody
expected the emergency so maybe there's
a world where 3d printers become the
emergency plan Democrats apparently are
they're handicapping these these
emergency congressional legislation
things that are trying to you know
settle the markets and handle the handle
the epidemic etc and the Democrats are
adding adding pork to it I don't know if
it's pork or just stuff they want
slowing it down and so I see news about
this and the news will report well the
Democrats collectively tried to add this
thing and that's going to slow it down
during an emergency and I thought to
myself you show us names I want to see a
one-page slide this as Congress somebody
proposed this bill to fund the pandemic
one way or the other these three
Democrats proposed things that are
slowing it down
that are you know maybe they're good
things in and of themselves but they
couldn't get past by themselves so
they're trying to tack it onto this
other thing this is an emergency
let's show the public exactly who is
slowing things down now if they can make
their case well maybe they get an
audience for that and people say yeah
yeah it should be slowed down because we
should have had this extra you know
element to the bill maybe they can make
their case but why don't you know the
names the actual name the person who is
trying to slow down these bills by
adding stuff now in a normal world you
don't care it's like I had Democrats are
doing this Republicans are doing this
but this isn't normal
this is an emergency in an emergency you
have to list all of your resources and
one of the resources is the American
public in social media and the news tell
us who is slowing things down can you
give us a picture in the name news media
show us the people is that all of them
do all of the Republicans want these
things I'm sorry do all the Democrats
want these items added to the emergency
bills well that'd be good to know
or is it there are some specific leaders
or specific people who are trying to add
these things because I need to know
their names
don't you because you're in this now
we're not a spectators anymore we're all
in it this is this is a global show me
their names we'll see what we can do
about that it's mostly what I got today
you know one of the weird the weird
things about this emergency is that 98%
of my day can be exactly like it always
is except for the thoughts you know my
thoughts are sort of preoccupied by this
but 98% of my day is completely normal
and then 2% of the time I think oh there
are some real big problems and they're
really close so I'm in this two worlds
mind where everything's normal and it's
also a big emergency sort of at the same
time and my head is going phasing back
and forth depending on what I'm doing at
the moment so that's weird but one good
thing that's come out of it I think I
mentioned this before I'm taking very
seriously the the building up of my
personal immunity so I've always been
you know the fitness advocate and
follower but I'm taking it to the next
level so I am seriously getting enough
sleep which I've never done before
actually in no time in my life have I
ever attempted to get enough sleep I've
never even tried because I you know one
of these people who can operate on low
sleep and I know it's not good for me
but I like being awake I just prefer it
yeah I like being in the world I hate I
just don't like sleeping so in the past
I just didn't do much of it four hours a
night I'm good I'm fine but now I'm
getting serious about it because as it
has a big impact on your immunity your
your momentarily your momentary immunity
so I'm getting enough sleep and I'm also
taking a walk in the sunshine I'm doing
a light exercise
I'm not exhausting myself that's bad for
my knee
but a little light exercise get out of
the Sun get your vitamin D he builds up
your immunity a little bit so I'm doing
that and I'm eating right and I'm you
know doing light weight training etc so
here's the weird part I've never felt
better
I'm in the middle of a global pandemic
but personally if he asked me how do you
feel Scott I'd say well I'm a little
embarrassed by this but obviously I've
never felt better and even the social
distancing you know if you if I had to
choose I would interact more with people
I'm just a natural social creature in
some context I'm more of a you know I
need a lot of loan time to but I'm very
happy to interact with people not during
my alone time but have you noticed that
the less you deal with people the less
stress you have because stress comes
almost 90% of stress comes from other
people so I've decreased my exposure to
other people in person and I feel like
it's less stressful even if those people
are good people they're not trying to
create problems it's just normal people
create stress and other people we don't
we can't turn that off exactly just
being normal creates stress so that's
the the irony is that I've never felt
better now I and I'm getting a little
bit addicted to the feeling it actually
feels so good there's like being on
drugs I heard somebody tell me this a
similar story some time ago and I
scoffed that it was like hmm I don't
know you know I don't I don't think
being super healthy and well rested and
stuff feels as good as drugs and then I
got healthy and well rested it actually
feels as good as drugs like actually
literally it literally feels as good as
being like a little buzzed on a drug
just because my health is just peak
it couldn't be possibly better at the
moment alright I'm off the I'm off the
prednisone by the way I think I've been
off it long enough that it's not having
too much effect on me yeah I am a hermit
somebody saying in the comments I I can
be a hermit but not indefinitely I need
I need people so I'm an introvert but I
still need a healthy dose of social
interaction like most people let me tell
you the funniest thing that I heard
yesterday I won't tell you who said it
because that person may or may not be
watching this video right now but it was
a conversation about running out of
toilet paper and somebody who remained
the endless said he's training himself
to scoot across his front lawn like a
dog just in case the toilet paper runs
out aren't you glad you waited for the
end of the periscope for that and and I
my immediate feeling was oh that's a
terrible plan what kind of dumb plan is
it that if you run it in a toilet paper
you're gonna train yourself like a dog
just good across your front lawn instead
and I said that's the dumbest plan I've
ever heard
don't your neighbors have lawns don't
they you know aren't they ever asleep
why would you do it to your own lawn
now the lawn part the dogs scooting part
perfect sense but why would you do it on
your own lawn your neighbors sleep go
next door yeah that's all I'm saying all
right just joking if we can't have fun
during the coronavirus we're dead inside
and if you're dead inside it doesn't
matter if you're dead on the outside so
let's not lose our sense of humor
entirely not entirely it's a serious
deal but we're still human can't lose
our humanity oh by the way somebody
mentioned to a or C and me there's a
there's a funny video if a or C saying
you shouldn't touch you
face and then they do a quick cut of all
the time she's touching her face wall
telling you not to touch your face
so that's funny but not meaningful in
any way but here's what is meaningful
they ever see did a prime I think was a
prime time I think so
interview with Bret Baier on Fox News
that's right
AOC went into the into the Lions Den and
did an interview on Fox News now why
this is important is that Deborah
Democrats in general are very reluctant
to appear on Fox News because it feels
like the enemy they probably don't think
they'll get a fair shake and all that
stuff but a or say you broke the seal
now what do I tell you about master
persuaders people who are good at it
they take free money if there's a pile
of money on the table
everybody will walk by it except the
people who are good at this the people
who are good at it will walk by and
they'll say a lot big pile of money on
the table can I have it does this belong
to anybody no it doesn't and that's what
a was he did by appearing on Fox News
when other Democrats did not
she raised her national profile in a
very substantial way and yeah of course
all the people on Fox News are saying
blah blah blah we don't like you what
you said is bad etc you all remember
that you won't remember that what you
will remember is the AOC went on Fox
News and wasn't afraid and and got
interviewed by Bret Baier so first of
all if you're gonna go on Fox News who
are you gonna pick all right you've
decided to go on Fox News your AOC do
you pick Sean Hannity no no you don't do
you pick
Tucker Carlson no no you do not because
their opinion people and you don't know
how that's going to go but Bret Baier is
famously you know competent famously
independent fair-minded you know news
guy so bret baier is a news guy not the
opinion guys so she picked in my opinion
you know maybe chris wallace would be
another it would be a you know a good
choice of this but she chose well she
chose the right person i'm sure other
people had asked her but she chose the
right one so i'm just pointing that out
as technique you could you can go back
to hating her like you used to
all right what else we got going on
somebody says to me wasn't she a racist
POS yes yes she is now it you can hold
both thoughts am I not allowed to hold
both of these thoughts that a or sees
you know statements and preferences etc
suggests a strong racism but that
doesn't stop the fact that she's also
tremendously talented as a public figure
those can both be true what's wrong with
that I'm not going to be that the person
who is just going to take a side so if
he need that go somewhere else if you
need me to say there's some good and
there's some bad about both sides came
to the right place all right and I will
talk to you later