bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey Jack come on in
yes this is the place to come at this
time of night so that you can get all of
the cares and tensions of the world
drained out of your overstressed body
today and for the next oh let's say 45
minutes it's nothing but good times
we're gonna put things in perspective
we're going to make you feel better make
you feel relaxed I feel a little
observation for you and I don't know
what to make of it yet and it goes like
this I was watching Obama do his
recommendation for Biden and you know
that I've commented how dr. Burks
has up talk now up Talk is where you end
the sentence with a little bit of it up
so it makes you sound maybe like a
violently girl and then when you do the
up top you don't sound as confident
because you're sort of asking you make
you statements but you're making a
statements that sounds like a question
but have you ever noticed Obama Obama
does down talk so Obama's last word is
always the the deeper word I'd never
noticed that I was watching him today so
I'll give you my Obama impression we've
got here the back scratcher and have a
remote control but you could take your
Apple earbuds and you could pair it with
your mechanical pen thing listen to him
and listen to how he finishes on a
confident low note and I thought to
myself I think that's really effective
and I also asked myself if I do it and I
don't know
because probably because I'm thinking
about it I'll lie there do it or I'll
conceal how much I do it or don't do it
so maybe you could tell me do I well
this is a question so I'm going to up
talk the question do I up talk have you
ever heard me up talk in what I'm making
statements not questions and if you ever
noticed me because I really don't know
do i down talk on the bat on the last on
the last word do I give you a sentence
and then I'm talking like this because
it makes me sound confident because I'm
starting the sentence and you say what's
it all about and I finish it fast
I finished hard I finish it strong
because I'm coming in and I'm just
laying it down there and just putting it
down there finishing down somebody says
no you don't I think you mean no I don't
up talk oh look what I did I
automatically did a down talk I think
I'm going to practice that speaking of
people who have interesting ways of
speaking one of my favorite TV senators
and maybe one of yours as well
is senator Kennedy so you know you know
I was sent her to Canda t he's got I
don't know what state as from he's got
an accent it makes him sound
I assume it's southern it's a little bit
slower it's interesting to listen to and
what he's talking between the fact that
what he says tends to be very clever
often funny him because he says it in a
certain way and there's a variation in
the way he talks you can't look away
when he's on television because
something interesting is going to happen
and I was watching him he was on martha
maccallum show on fox and he was he was
making the case for why he thinks
essentially that the
the virus came from a Wuhan biological
lab of some sort as opposed to a web
market and one of the things that I do
appreciate about our elected officials
is that while I I normally hate the fact
there's so many of them our own lawyers
I feel like we have too many lawyers
some lawyers very good you know a few
lawyers yeah you want some good advice
the lawyers are smart they're solid
thinkers but certainly there's too much
of a good thing sometimes right I mean
you could have too many lawyers and that
would argue you know maybe we've reached
that level but that said though the ones
who are good enough lawyers that they
become well known run for run for office
and wind tend to be pretty good lawyers
and so so it when you watch you to say
Lindsey Graham you know argue something
on TV or you're watching senator Kennedy
they just do a really good job of making
a case in a way that other people just
aren't as clever so here here's some of
the evidence and you can make up your
own mind so senator Kennedy says and I
think this this is a fact he says as a
fact I know that there was a study and
an article that alleges this is the fact
but I'm gonna say I'm skeptical of this
fact I'm not skeptical of his overall
conclusion but this fact has me with a
little bit of skepticism and the fact is
somebody said that there were any bats
at the Wuhan web markets and so the
implication is the virus could not have
spread from the back to a human in the
wet market because of the web market
because there were no bats there to do
that
now I feel as if I just feel as if that
might not be true maybe there was a bat
or two now that doesn't mean it came
from the bat us like that I'm just
saying that I don't know we would try to
make up a cover story
that couldn't be possible because there
were no bats
maybe because whatever they did is
pretty remarkable so you almost can't
put anything past them but but let's
let's take Senator Kennedy's case he
alleges that it's known that there were
no bats let's say and there was a lab
nearby and there's the story in The
Washington Post that this says there was
some kind of a report a few years ago
that that lab had coronavirus it had the
virus and it had insufficient safety
guidelines and safety protocols and
stuff so apparently apparently it was
known that that lab had this stuff and
that it could get out and it was a known
problem that had been written up and
there weren't any bats there at the web
market we also know that is it true that
the the doctors who originally reported
this sort of either died or disappeared
are there a bunch of people who died or
disappeared and didn't Chyna say we
can't look into it you know there's no
more looking into it and didn't Chyna
say that didn't try to say that it
wasn't transferable from person to
person from human to human it sort of
adds up to I don't know how it could be
any and they also closed
they closed Wuhan at the same time they
were saying it was no big deal like they
they totally closed their city it's no
big deal if you're wondering about the
timing I think it was January 23rd they
closed Wuhan and the very next day which
was probably the next periscope I did I
assume I called for closing travel so
the moment that China said we're going
to close Wuhan I said okay I'm done I do
not need to see any additional
information if
if somebody has some kind of a virus and
they blockade their entire city what
other questions do you need to ask to
know that it's time to close down the
airports I mean that's what I said you
know you could say to yourself Scott the
the experts of the CDC and the World
Health Organization and China to which I
say did you hear the part about China
closed a major city you couldn't even
get in or out because of a virus that's
killing people if you tell me you need
to study this a little bit longer I
don't think you heard this part China
closed a major city they didn't let
people travel in and out no extra study
required close the airport so yeah now
that some time is going by those of you
who some of you sort of remember the
moment you remember the you know my rant
and now you can see it in hindsight and
you can see how how accurate that was
anyway so here's some questions for you
will president Chi remain in power
now obviously has a pretty good grip on
the country he's a dictator in practical
terms so there's certainly no political
process for removing him well I suppose
the you know if the if the party wanted
to remove them they could but I don't
see that as being likely in their system
but here's the thing the coronavirus
scandal just went from we're accusing
you you're denying it to another level
wouldn't you say wouldn't you say
wouldn't you say we'll get rid of this
critic wouldn't you say that China has a
big scandal now and that we're past the
point of questioning whether whether
they're responsible in a very bad way
but that's not the real problem for
China you know it's bad to have a bad
reputation but isn't this going to cause
all of the major countries that were
victims of this to decouple you know the
United States I'm sure is going to
decouple I don't know how quickly you
know who's gonna pay for it what it
looks like but it's the beginning of the
end there's not any question that the
United States is going to have less
business there not more I think the same
probably with Japan and I would expect
some of the European countries to follow
so it seems to me that the only path
that China has is economic catastrophe I
think the United States will will climb
on to this pretty readily you know if
you want to feel good about the United
States here's a little fact that I heard
from Peter Navarro who by the way was
excellent on television today melisten
to Peter Navarro just talked on a news
show
I don't know if he's always this good
because I haven't really paid attention
to him but he gave just one of the best
TV interviews you'll ever say I you know
it wasn't flashy so maybe nobody's gonna
maybe it didn't take note you know maybe
nobody noticed but the the clarity of
his thought and they and the precision
in which he just you know presented
things in a simple way for the public
was really good a plus
Peter Navarro anyway so it seems I don't
know I was even talking about Peter
Navarro there was some point there but
oh yeah I was gonna make you feel good
yours here's something Peter Navarro
said he was talking about the
ventilators and how the American
companies were gearing up to rapidly
create ventilators and I think
which company was but one of the car
companies I believe built a ventilator
factory that was using their own factory
as a retrofit and they started producing
ventilators in 11 days in 11 days we
spun up a ventilator factory and we're
well on the way to producing on I think
he said 150,000 ventilators a hundred
and fifty thousand ventilators it looks
like we'll need about a third of them
we'll probably you know take 2/3 of them
and you know distribute them to States
for store houses and stuff for storage
and then we'll probably help other
countries but how how proud are you to
live in the country that can make a
ventilator Factory in 11 days you know
remember when we were watching China put
up their little instant hospitals and
everybody was saying my god we can't do
that
we'll never build a hospital 11 days
like China then we build a ventilator
factory in 11 days now bad now I assume
I assume it was probably more about
assembling parts from other places so it
was probably yeah had a lot more to do
with assembling than anything else but
still 11 days pretty impressive
here's what I proposed I just tweeted
this before I get out here I prefer
proposal when the coronavirus is behind
us and sunday will be that we forgive
each other be you democrats or
republicans be you professionals and
experts and doctors be you
businesspeople be you citizens i I
propose that we just forgive each other
for all of our honest mistakes during
the fog of war because let's admit
there's always somebody's gonna be right
but only because there's always somebody
on every side of every issue so
somebody's gonna be right back lock but
nobody knows what's the right thing to
do nobody really had quite
the right information in the early days
no but he's smart enough to know what's
the exact right thing to do and the
right time to do it so whether we got
things right or whether some people got
some things wrong there both luck the
things we did right a little bit of luck
the things we did wrong bad luck because
you know you just can't be smart when
you don't have data and you don't have a
way to get it but that's what I'm
talking about honest mistakes if you
make honest mistakes I think we should
just forgive each other
but we should not forgive dishonest
mistakes and I don't have any evidence
that anybody involved in this country
has a dishonest mistake I know you're
gonna think so-and-so lied blow the blob
and I don't think that's necessarily the
case I think some people had bad
information and you know took bad
information forward but I don't know
that anybody had bad intentions in this
country however China made a different
kind of mistake as far as we can tell
now apparently the president is gonna
withhold funding from the World Health
Organization until he gets an answer and
maybe that'll tell us whether China did
something let's say intentional versus
unintentional but it's certainly looking
every bit as if China made a dishonest
mistake in other words they they just
lied to us and knew it so under those
conditions I don't think we have to yell
at them and call the beams we don't have
to disrespect them but it wouldn't make
any sense to have a future with them in
which we're continuing to trade because
they don't have it they don't have a
system that's compatible with our system
so whatever it is whatever it is about
their system I don't even need to judge
it I'm not going to say it's a good
system I'm not going to say it's bad I'm
not going to say that the Chinese
government is good or bad
I don't you know I mean I have an
opinion but it doesn't matter for what
I'm gonna say next and certainly I don't
think the Chinese people are anything
except awesome people everybody I know
from China is pretty pretty amazing so
you know but still we can say no hard
feelings but our systems don't work
together whatever it is that we're doing
you know this democracy capitalism you
know as much transparency as you can it
just doesn't fit with the will get away
with anything we can and we're gonna
hide as much as we can those two systems
don't work now if they were both the
same system I don't know would that work
who knows maybe maybe you would both be
okay with it because you're both doing
the same thing but it's not personal you
know we don't have to say China we're in
a cold war now we don't have to do that
we could just say you know we'd love to
connect our telecommunications equipment
stuff that's made in your country but we
also like security and you haven't built
anything that has that feature so it's
nothing personal
we just can't connect to your telecom
equipment because you don't have a
feature we need the feature is security
should you ever have that feature we'd
love to talk to you again but I think we
should just completely do personalize
this thing because you know I don't know
what they're thinking but I don't have a
bad feeling about anybody in China
except you know maybe some of the
leaders but let's just not make your
personal it's just business if you got a
system and we got a system and they just
don't talk why force it all right
most of you probably saw Obama's
endorsement of Joe Biden and I cheekily
tweeted this a little while ago this is
me imagining a conversation between
Obama and some sample Democrats and
Obama says
going to endorse a candidate today the
Democrats in unison say yay is the
candidate pretty and Obama says
he has a great personality it felt like
that's what he was saying did you note
that when Obama was describing the
greatness of Joe Biden there were two
categories one he attended meetings for
important stuff now the way Obama says
it is Obama put Biden in charge and he
got things done but did he I think he
attended meetings of things that were
going to happen one way or the other
that you know that Obama ordered and
other people pretty much executed but
okay you know he was at the meetings but
how much did that did divided initiate
he did initiate some stuff I don't
remember Obama mentioning it but it
seems like Obama was really focusing on
his personality am I am I wrong you know
he might have said character and you
know you need a you need a president you
need the president who's got these
qualities and the colds are you know and
and I'm thinking to myself you're so
three years too late because if
president Trump's personality quirks
were going to ruin the country when we
have a sample of that already think
about it we've had three and a half
years of President Trump and from the
very beginning people were saying that
personality that character of his yeah
the way he thinks and operates those
those times he's not going to pass the
fact-checking all that personality stuff
that's going to cost you it's gonna cost
you what would be an example of that
three and a half years he's been exactly
the same person for three and a half
years if it's if it's Obama's biggest
 three and a half years later he'd
better come up with a lips
he better come up with an example if
that's your biggest complaint is the
guy's personality and how that
personality will wreck stuff after three
and a half years you need to give us an
example of that the economy went down
because the time Trump told a joke was
that it the the unemployment level rose
because that time Trump insulted a
member of the press right did that
happen I don't remember that happening
so give us an example you know that so
that was such a 2015 way to approach Joe
Biden that it made me think there was no
no organic enthusiasm did he pick up on
that there was that it was like Obama
sat down to write an essay and the topic
he didn't care about all right please
write an essay the advantages of joe
biden over the evil orange menace
President Trump and you know and Obama
sat down as a big old pencil and he's
like all right oh he is character it is
not the type of fiber we need to be
leadership in the country oh I'm not
just talking about mayors I can fill up
this page not just talking about
governors need to fill up the page I'm
not just talking about Congress okay
they'll be odd to me if I do another
sentence like that and I'm just
listening to this thing and it looked
like the most uninspired essay that was
written by somebody who really didn't
want to write the essay and the best
thing he could come up with is this
guy's got a good personality I swear to
God
yeah damned by favorites I swear to God
the the biggest advantage
Joe Biden has as a Democratic candidate
is that nobody dislikes him think about
that have you during this whole process
Joe Biden has been you know criticized
and insulted and just every way you know
every accusation from you know
corruption to senility I'd be just
everything he's had every charge at him
but let me ask you this to his credit
have you heard even one person say that
he's not a nice guy right even President
Trump said in public the other day he's
a really nice guy and everybody who's on
the other side can't even find anything
that they don't like about him but I
think the Democrats have mistaken Biden
having no reason to dislike him with
having the qualities to be President
now one of the characteristics of human
beings as we're always fighting the last
war you've heard that phrase right so
and I think it was a Duvall who were
saying I don't know if he quoted
somebody or this was his own observation
that you are the you're the result of
your traumas that you know that who you
are is mostly defined by the the biggest
problems you had and you know how you
got got past them and since the country
the Democrats specifically have been
undergoing this three and a half a year
trauma of being you know in a country in
which their most heated nemesis
President Trump is the president you got
a figure that they're that they're gonna
fight the war of the personality war
it's the one that lost because they
tried to beat him on personality and
character and it didn't work yeah that's
what the whole grab him by the whatever
tape was about your your character is
bad we can't have that character so
they're coming around again with the old
character attack and it feels like Joe
Biden was the antidote
out to the mental anguish of Trump
I just just hold this thought in your
head for a moment and you'll see how
profound it is or not if you're thinking
about Trump
what is literally the opposite of him
its Biden Biden is almost the literal
opposite of Trump I believe that that
the Democrats wanted the most opposite
person because they had such a high
level of hatred for Trump and then
whoever ran against him just had to be
the most different and when somebody
like Mike Bloomberg gets on the stage
well it doesn't matter that Mike
Bloomberg is considered highly capable
and and honest right I mean he was
considered highly capable and honest
that should have been good enough right
and probably Mike Bloomberg said to
himself look if we're running against
President Trump and I think I have you
know all these billionaire credentials
and I've been a mayor I mean I've got
the resume clearly I have the skills I
have the money I'm a reasonable guy you
know I'm nice to people I have all the
right policies
why wouldn't I win and here's what I
think he missed I think he missed
they he's a billionaire from New York
and he's not different enough he's just
not different enough it's not good
enough that even if he thought Mike
Bloomberg had more skill and was nicer
it's just not different enough and the
most different person was Joe Biden so
you could take almost any of the other
candidates Amy Klobuchar very capable
you know one of the top politicians
could still be the vice presidential
pick has not been ruled out and by all
accounts a very capable you know
politician but you know that the story
better being beamed to her staff and I
know eating the salad with the comb or
whatever she was a little bit mean so
she wasn't opposite enough of the thing
they hated the most about Trump what
about Carla Harris well in many ways she
was the opposite of
but not in personality in personality
people thought she could be a little
harsh
yeah maybe she'd been a little me and
she had prosecuted a little too hard so
you could see how people would be
looking for the farthest from their
trauma which was Trump and so Biden I
think was just the default all right I
told you that some some restaurants
might start selling goods directly to
the public because they have different
supply chains so if you wanted to buy
toilet paper and your grocery store
didn't have any there's actually a
pretty good chance that you could go to
your local restaurant that's only doing
takeout because they have to close
because of the shutdown and say hey can
you order be a bunch of toilet paper and
they'd say sure will you take a 20%
markup 50% whatever it is and then they
just buy it and walk it out to the car
so I just found out there is one of our
local another one of our local
businesses is doing this the the first
retail house at Livermore in California
if it's something that's something they
would ordinarily order anyway from a cut
of meat salmon or actually toilet paper
that's on their list you can buy it over
the phone and you just drive up and you
show your receipt in the window and they
carry it out and put it in your trunk
you know you don't have to have any
human contact you're behind the glass of
your car you just hold up the receipt
pop your trunk boom you got yourself
some groceries and you never went to the
grocery store now what I say this and
you know it's really amazing how people
are adapting right people the best
entrepreneurs just just found new ways
to make money and when the old ways come
back they're gonna have new ways and old
ways so I think I think the the best
entrepreneurs are actually finding a way
to come and come out of this and here's
another idea you know the big guy sports
businesses are in a lot of trouble
because they can't fill the stay
because for the obvious reasons of
distance so I was saying that maybe
these big sports teams should look at
this as an opportunity to build sports
from the ground up
you know same athletes and same basic
rules but instead of building a four in
person watching why not build it from
the ground up before watching it
digitally from a distance in other words
the reason that the sports can survive
just with television as as great as
watching sports on television is it's
still not optimized for that here's what
you could do for example you could Mike
all of the players and all the coaches
and all of the refs let's say you're a
home and you know maybe you've got an
app so you can watch sports and you
could choose your channel so you could
actually hear the ref you could hear the
announcers you could hear the defensive
line you could hear that you know
everything except the quarterback giving
them the calls I guess you'd have to
turn that off but it would have to be
just football it could be basketball
baseball and cetera and and you make it
a sort of a party in which let's say you
know the other people watching are in
your gear too so instead of having the
the cheering of the crowd that motivates
motivates the players it makes you feel
like you're part of something and you
know of course you get you get motivated
by the cheer of the crowd what if what
if just saying the cheer of the crowd
was in your headphones and it's the
other people at home who are literally
sharing at home so they you might be
hearing you know let's say just to
complete this let's say you're watching
it on whatever device and you you know
you're watching one of the channels
you're listening to the defense of the
offense and the players there get it rip
this guy apart he always leans left
watch this I mean I'm gonna make him
lean left and I'm gonna take his legs
out anyway and you're listening to it
and then there's a play and then you
know the app just lets all the cheering
from all the living rooms through
and and let's say that the just to
extend this just a brainstorm and let's
say the pliers let's say the players
also have an earpiece so that the
players can because this is a microphone
as well as an earpiece so they've got an
earpiece so they can actually hear the
cheering so what if they can hear you
cheering at home and why not is there
there's no technological reason that you
couldn't hear everybody cheering from
their living room you just have to build
the app that does it then you you can
imagine that the the players were
talking to each other you'd be able to
pick up that etc now you might say to
yourself well I don't want to listen to
these boring athletes and their inane
chatter but that's what you're thinking
about it develop the old way I'm not
saying do business exactly the same way
I'm saying tell the players that part of
their job is to be interesting Mike them
up there there's always going to be a
few funny people on every team you don't
need all nine players on the field to be
witty and entertaining if you've got a
hilarious shortstop and then the other
is just sort of you know play to him
it's the best show in the world how much
would you like watching a baseball game
where most of the time you're just
waiting for something to happen even if
you love baseball
let's admit it you're waiting for stuff
to happen what but while you're waiting
you're hearing the the funniest
shortstop in the world just ripping
apart the other team and just saying
honest that this guy's got you know he's
got to do two legs and he hasn't had a
hit since Tuesday you know whatever it
would be very entertaining anyway so the
whole point of it is that if you
rethought sports as a digital product it
would still work you know every bit of
it would still work in the life setting
once they go back to you know crowds are
okay but in the meantime you'd have a
better product so they should go back
with a better product it should be
improved sports when they go back you
shouldn't be the you know just wait take
a few months off and then just back to
it how boring would that be you know
did you see the
press conference in which Trump got all
over that one idiot in the back who
would shut up I thought it was his best
you know sort of world wrestling
performance because you know I I think I
think by now even the people who were
slow to catch on have figured out that
Trump knows what the show is
he knows he's putting on a show and he
plays that like a show that took people
I think his critics it's taken them
years to figure that out and even some
of them still talk about it like he just
lost his temper no that's not what
happened he might have been genuinely
bad that you know whatever time you're
talking about yeah it doesn't matter
which time you say that that time you're
talking about whatever it was he might
have been genuinely mad but that's not
why he acted the way he did he didn't
act that way because he was mad he acted
that way because it's a show and he
knows how to put on the show and he used
a genuine emotion and whatever time to
to put on the show so today's show was
excellent there was this I don't know
there's some reporter that must have
been from some unfriendly publication
and you starts asking questions and
Trump tries to shut him down and doesn't
really let him to get his question now
so the guy's insistent and he won't stop
talking and Trump's already gone to the
next person the guy just keeps talking
and Trump just stops puts the the full
Trump you know laser cannon focus on
this guy and it just rips them apart and
I'm just watching this and I'm thinking
I've never enjoyed politics this much
you know we say this all the time it to
the point where it's it's trite you're
gonna miss this I mean you're really
gonna miss this because you don't
realize how jacked up your body
chemistry is we're kind of addicted to
it if I'm being honest we're kind of
addicted and you might have taken your
team you know let's say your team is
team Trump and you're like
Trump really tore into that guy that was
a good day but of course the other team
they think that are winning - so unsee
you then it'll be like ah did you see
that crazy old Trump did some more crazy
stuff because he's so impulsive and he
can't control himself right and then
their ratings go up and everybody has a
good time so it's like everybody wins
you know the the reason that you know
wrestling and sports and all that work
is that everybody gets a chance to win
you know maybe your team loses today
buddy you know you're gonna win later so
you win - anyway I thought Trump's show
was maybe the finest ever just for like
a one out of one moment what his best
I'm gonna say let's talk about the the
fake controversy of whether Trump is
trying to be a dictator and overrule the
governor's despite despite the
constitutional limitations and the press
tried to bait Trump back into that
conversation and he he wisely decided
that he just you didn't want to have
that conversation he doesn't need to he
doesn't have to answer it
here's why there's no real question
about what would happen in the real
world so talking to the governor's and
talking to Charl
well what would you do in this situation
and what if this and you know who is
really in charge are you in charge you
say you're in charge but are you in
charge maybe you should talk to him
maybe you should fight it now maybe we
got a little fight going
that's all artificial because neither
the governor's nor the president have
any question in their mind how this will
play out there's no question there's no
ambiguity whatsoever
among the governor's in the president
when you say because here's how it's
going to work out whatever is the
smartest thing that's what they'll agree
to do because remember the visibility on
this is extraordinary
everything that every governor decides
everything the president does the
taskforce does we've got 325 million
I is looking at it so if if there is
such a thing as a good plan
and let's say a governor brings it to
the president he doesn't have to bring
it to the president but let's just say
they publicize their plans and let's say
the president says oh that one's a
problem what's going to happen well the
president isn't going to send them the
RV and kill them all right the
president's going to call them and say
look this could be a big problem why are
you doing this they'll talk it out the
president and well maybe use some
pressure by saying look you know we're
federal government's giving you a lot of
help you got to give us a little you got
to give us a little so we'll give you a
little might be a little pressure in the
end how's it going to work out well in
the end the state will give something
that's pretty close to what they wanted
the president might influence a little
bit and that's what you would want it's
exactly the way you would want it to go
so as long as we're all watching
nobody's gonna do something crazy that
that the public and the observers would
say why are you doing that we're
watching we're watching you do that
don't do that there's just too many
people watching so I don't think there's
any risk whatsoever that there's any
problem between the governors and the
federal government and Trump when it
comes right down to it you know when
when the phone call is made you know
when the legislation has to be you know
when the check has to be written it's
not going to be a problem and you see
you've already seen them all work
together well enough that I think you
believe that let's see so here's here's
a real sign of something so in the news
AOC and Senator Schumer got together and
they're calling on FEMA to supply
funeral funding to families who have
lost loved ones to the virus and they
say quote disaster funeral assistance
would help individuals and households
with the death of an immediate family
remember
now you know I don't know much about the
issue but sounds like a good one right
so in terms of whether this is a good
idea or a bad idea I would say anything
anything we can do to help the public at
this point is a good idea so separate
from the question of whether it's a good
idea which I don't want to talk about
it's just not interesting yeah because
it seems like a good enough idea it's
not really controversial but what's
interesting about this is that a OC and
Schumer wouldn't you say are the sort of
top five of effective Trump critics is
that a fair statement am i seein Schumer
when they get together they're like the
best strongest Trump critics and what
they spent their time on today was
something that needed to be done I'm
guessing you know it seems like this is
a reasonable thing to ask for and I'm
happy that they're serving the public
I'm sure their constituents are asking
for this so I'm totally on board with
what they're asking for here's my here's
my point here's my point it's all they
had left it's all they had left because
as soon as doctor foul she said
president Trump did everything we
recommended what do you got
as soon as President Trump said let's
get a ton of money and give it to people
directly and then the Democrats said how
about even more money and the president
said okay and then when we spend all
that money the president's literally in
public today is saying you you Democrats
got to give us more money more money to
give to the poor people what do I even
say a OSE and Chuck Schumer have left
what issue are they gonna because they
can't really talk about the economy
everybody understands why the economy is
the way it is they can't really talk
about him handling things wrong because
the experts told them what to do and he
just did it and they're the ones saying
president you have to listen to the
experts on climate change I think in a
weird way the most positive endorsement
I've ever seen a president Trump came
today completely accidentally and in a
different realm that had nothing to do
with him that two of his strongest you
know nemec's got together to do
something that was simply useful for the
public and by the way to their credit so
thank you you know I'm sure the families
will appreciate that I hope I hope him
what comes through but that's all they
had left think about that think about
think about that was the issue that was
left important and I'm glad they did it
but it kind of shows that the president
is sort of hitting the you know he's
pulling the big levers and hitting the
big buttons and what's left needs to be
mopped up it's not less important but
certainly suggests that the president's
on the right path all right I promised
you 45 minutes of stellar entertainment
pretty sure I delivered so tonight by
the way did anybody try my technique for
relaxation the technique was to remember
your last haircut or you know hair salon
visit and just imagine yourself go
through the steps and how I felt and
spelled and and all that stuff so in the
comments what the comments catch up just
tell me if that worked for you on
average before one on various 7500
people die every day we can if we can't
afford it okay so I ask the question of
people who think we're panicking on this
thing
to tell me what it would look like for
them to be wrong in other words how many
people would have to die when we go back
to work for somebody who said you know
you're you're overselling this thing
it's not that big a deal compared to
other problems we have
you know what level of death would it
take for you to look back and say whoa I
guess the experts were right this was
way worse than the flu is there a number
that you would say yeah I was wrong I
just wonder what that would be thank you
I drink myself to sleep so somebody now
my husband wants me to cut his hair if
somebody doesn't like haircuts aw that's
too bad
awesome suggestion it worked like a
charm slept like a baby
amazingly no panic oh it worked again
okay Wow
I guess it worked pretty well I'll try
it again the sort of thing that you
could do more than once all right that's
all for now I will talk to you in the
morning Dennis Prager posted a letter
written by five doctors who think a
lockdown was not necessary does that
mean anything pretty sure you can find
five or five doctors to say anything all
right we'll talk about that tomorrow
enough of that have a great night