bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here it's a fun day you know some of
your days are more fun than other days I
declare today a fun day and if you're in
here early and if you're prepared and if
you can see the future you know that the
simultaneous SEP is almost ready to
happen here it comes get ready oh yeah
that's good stuff
so so we have a name for our scandal you
probably noticed by now President Trump
has dubbed the latest alleged scandal of
Brennan and clapper and Comey and struck
and all those folks allegedly trying to
tank his campaign with allegedly a spy
and we're calling it spy gate now I
don't know that spy gate isn't as
somebody else pointed out on Twitter the
president has a great sense for
simplification so we've got this public
that's trying to sort it all out we
can't tell our Russian scandals from our
deep stage scandals why is it all the
same people and why are people having
meetings and something about lawyers
lawyers lawyers so the public has this
big complicated ball of accusations
allegations and things that are all tied
up it's not even one scandal it's like
it's like this weird you know hybrid
cyborg scandal thing that we're we can't
follow so what is the simplifier in
chief do for us boom Spygate
there it is all that complexity taken
down to one word Spygate now independent
of what is true and what is not true we
may never know but the the branding of a
test by the spy gate is actually quite
effective and will make a difference
it's a sort of it's a sort of branding
that moves the needle anyway so as you
know I talk about how cognitive
dissonance all the time and one of the
things that happens when people are in
cognitive dissonance is they start
spouting word salad and ridiculous
explanations for things that don't even
make sense they don't even make sense as
words you know they they their sentences
but you look at it you go
I can't even agree or disagree with that
that's I don't even know what's
happening it looks like just babble
coming down there so that's usually your
sign that you've reached that someone
you're talking to is in cognitive
dissonance let me share with you my
tweets from this morning one of them is
put this as almost 700 retweets in about
five minutes 21 minutes and I said the
following and I think this this sums up
everything we know about Spygate so my
tweet this morning was Spygate I have
four things to understand about a spy
gate number one there was no spy in the
Trump campaign number two the spying
that did not happen was totally
justified number three it would be bad
for national security to identify the
spy who doesn't exist and number four
his name is stephane I don't think I'm
wrong on any of those things I'll read
it again four things we know about spy
gate there was no spy in the Trump
campaign the spying that did not happen
was totally justified because of Russia
three it would be very bad for national
security to identify the spy
doesn't exist and for his name is Stefan
now if that's not cognitive dissonance I
don't know what is because I don't think
I got any of that wrong except I knew
people would say no it's not a spy
you can't say that an informant is a spy
that's that's crazy stuff so I thought I
would I thought I would help you
understand the difference between a spy
and whatever this was so I so I tweeted
also this morning people there's a big
difference between spy and a person who
is contracted by an intelligence agency
to secretly infiltrate infiltrated an
organization provide information and
manipulate outcomes why is that so hard
to understand yeah so it's not a spy
it's just someone that a government
intelligence agency contracted to
infiltrate and organizations secretly
provide information and manipulate
outcomes but that's not a spy for God's
sakes
so I think we've got the other side has
that to lean on now my other tweet they
got a lot of attention a lot of retweets
well as you probably saw there writers
is putting the generic tracking poll of
GOP versus Dems is showing for the first
time that the GOP is plus six on the
generic ballot meaning when they do a
poll of would you vote for a generic
Republican or a generic Democrat it used
to be that the public would say wow we
want the Democrat which was bad news for
the 2018 midterms if you're a Republican
but that just reversed
according to Reuters we will have to see
if that holds but at the moment it
reversed so I tweeted that poll out and
I said on the plus side Democrat
still have a hundred percent support
from ms-13 and Iran now 4,400 people
thought that was funny enough to retweet
but it's more than funny oh it's more
than funny it's the answer to the
question hey Trump supporter if if
President Trump is not a racist can you
explain to me why he has so much support
from the KKK and you probably didn't
know how to answer that question
you'd be like um well it's complicated
and you know people to support people
for different reasons and you know why
why can't the KKK have their own reasons
and be wrong about it while other people
have these efforts it's hard to explain
isn't it it's one of those do you still
beat your do you still be your spouse
kind of questions where where there's
nothing you could do after the questions
been asked you know the answer is built
into the question so why did the KKK
support President Trump so here's the
real reason that I tweeted this it
wasn't because it was funny although it
was it was because it's the answer to
the question let me do this for you so
you can see the entire thing normal
person says you know everybody's calling
President Trump a racist but I'm not
really seeing it and then the Trump
hater says oho you don't see it you
don't see it it's pretty obvious for
example explained to me explain to me
why the KKK supports President Trump go
yeah let's see what you can do with that
haha mic drop but uh what do you got
what do you got the KKK supports your
president explain that away ms-13
supports the Democrats
there's a spy somewhere I don't know
what to do now
all right so that's how it works so
you're a quick answer to why I do the
racist support President Trump is same
reason ms-13 supports Democrats for
their own reasons
now ms-13 doesn't vote or at least most
of them don't I can't say they although
vote but most of them don't vote however
it is it is fair to say that that the
ms-13 would prefer Democrats in power
because they might go softer on them
than the Republicans so they have their
own reason it has nothing to do with
health care right the racists they have
their own reasons and it turns out that
when somebody votes for you you did not
acquire their opinions because they
voted for you doesn't work that way now
so anyway Spygate
is getting fun let me give you a little
context on this thing we call spy Kate
now we're still in the allegation stage
which is to say there are suspicions and
allegations that there was a loose
confederation of like-minded people or
possibly organized who did not want
President Trump to get elected and did
not want him to stay in office if they
could do anything about it that's the
allegation now we may never know the
full truth of whatever is going on in
the world here but let me give you two
two ways to look at that allegation one
is that these weasels in the deep state
were concerned only for their own
jobs and their own well-being and they
colluded to do something that was very
selfish for them to keep power to keep
their jobs and and you know that's what
they were doing they were just it was
just a selfish internal coup kind of
thing just for their own benefit
possible okay I ruled that out
here's another interpretation for the
same set of facts and this would be
compatible with everything I've been
saying and it goes like this the
manipulators on the Democratic side were
primarily you know in the Clinton
campaign at least in 2016 and before and
they're their best influencers
especially whoever came up with the idea
of calling everything Trump did dark and
racist and homophobic and xenophobic and
every other phobic that they had whoever
came up with the the campaign idea of
branding Trump as the monster of all
monsters they didn't just convince
themselves they convinced half the
country half of the country was
convinced that a president Trump was a a
risk to the survival of the species you
know it was yeah yeah Robert chill Dini
I believe he has now admitted he was a
an advisor for the Clinton campaign so I
think we have that as fact now in my
book win big Lee I speculated that he
was based on what I thought was a
fingerprint for his work and it has now
been revealed that he did consult
although we don't know at what level not
as much as prior campaigns apparently
and what happened was you've got all
these people in the government who not
only are afraid of losing their jobs but
they're afraid for the whole country
there were they're they're worried that
this monster
will will destroy the world and what do
you do what do you do if you're a
patriot you love your country and you
see a gigantic danger and let's say
you're in the spy business you know
you're in the intelligence business what
do you do when you see a what you
believe is a mortal danger to your
country yeah you you might act so I'm
not going to defend anybody who
allegedly did anything to subvert the
will of the people in their legal
election for Donald Trump but we should
not think so simply as to say oh they're
just trying to keep their jobs and keep
power they might have been trying to
save the country they just were fooled
by the media and by the influencers on
Clinton's team to think that they were
doing God's work it's entirely possible
and by the way let me put odds on this
one of the chances the half of the
country was convinced of this reality
the reality that the Trump would destroy
the economy lose every war start a you
know start a nuclear war what are the
chances that half of the country was
convinced this was a true version of
reality and yet the people and the
intelligence agencies somehow were
immune
they weren't immune nobody's immune from
persuasion sometimes people say well if
you learn about persuasion then you're
you know once you know how it works then
you're you're AB you deny me right and
it doesn't affect you nope doesn't work
that way you know all the awareness in
the world doesn't protect you from good
persuasion these were very smart
qualified people who know what
persuasion is they know how to do it
they know it what they they know it when
it's happening and they are still not
immune not even a little bit
so if you lived your life over on the in
the the echo chamber of the left for the
last several years you would not even
know that there was a reasonable
argument on the pro-trump side you would
not even be aware that there was anybody
like me saying oh no you're reading this
wrong this is just a style you know good
things are going to happen that that
story didn't even exist on the left so
here's an interesting question suppose
some day the people who have been
alleged to be in on this Spygate thing
if it turned out to be true and and I'm
not concluding it is by the way so where
I'm at is that the the Russian you know
the Russia collusion story and the spy
gaze story are very similar meaning that
they seem very convincing to the people
who were inclined to believe it now I am
inclined to believe it meaning that even
though I don't join a team per se I am
so associated with the pro-trump side of
things that I would not be able to tell
an illusion from a reality if it favored
the opinion I already held all right so
you have to know this about yourself so
I'm saying it about myself right now you
should learn to say this about yourself
it's helpful I would not know if Russia
gave was real or false and I would not
know if Spygate was real or false and it
doesn't matter how much information I
get which is the freaky part I am I am
so primed to believe my side that I
would not be able to recognize
information that disproved it and
somebody says and yet Scott will
continue with a spike a thing
yes I'm continued continuing with it
with that frame which is that whether
it's true or not you can't tell what it
is in the new
and that makes it legitimate to talk
about so do don't get caught with your
pants down if it turns out that this
little spiky thing is nothing don't
don't act like you've never heard that
possibility likewise for the people who
are probably not watching this people on
the left if it turns out that there's no
such thing as Russia collusion which
looks like the way it's going don't be
surprised because this things that look
like they're true just often run out
alright so keep an open mind about all
this stuff that said if we imagine that
spy gear was real and let's say people
people got brought up on charges someday
would it be a legitimate defense to say
that you had been brainwashed by top
cognitive scientists who know how to
brainwash now in my in my very limited
understanding of the law and legal
history I don't know that there's any
been ever been a successful defense that
says I was brainwashed the what happened
with Patty Hearst I can't remember if
she got convicted or did anybody ever
get off on a brainwashing charge
I don't know this ever happened right
but today we have even Patty Hearst went
to jail
see the problem is that you probably
can't use that defense because everybody
would use it you know and once it worked
you would just say well I'm gonna use
that one I'm gonna say I was brainwashed
by my cousin you know my brother or
brainwashed me the gang brainwashed me I
didn't mean to kill that person that was
just brainwashed so you can't really use
that but what's interesting is this case
you have you will have an evidence
professional cognitive
experts people who know how to brainwash
it's their science it's their specialty
and you can see that they're the experts
in brainwashing you can see the the
result of their work you can see the
actual brainwashing you know
advertisements the the way the campaign
was
campaign was organized in terms of their
message etc and then you could see the
result you can see that the people were
in fact brainwashed it probably will
never be a legal defense because you
can't allow that because everybody would
say it what it's probably true might be
true all right let's talk about Iran
quickly so I saw a little article that
Iran is considering an internal law that
would prevent them from funding
terrorism meaning it's not that simple
it's it would it would prevent them from
doing things that would result in
terrorism getting money I guess you know
they don't want to do that because some
of the groups that they support that
they don't call terrorists might be
pulled into that definition but the fact
that they're even considering that is
interesting because that's that's what
the president caused them to do remember
I told you here's a better explanation
of the president's negotiating style he
goes into a situation whether it's North
Korea or the Middle East and the first
thing he does is he shakes the box and
then things land in new places and
that's either good for him or he shakes
the box again and then he looks where
everything lands he looks at it again
and if that's not good for him he shakes
the box again once the box lands with
everything that's good for him then he
stops shaking the box and there's nobody
else who's a box shaker he's the only
box shaker in the argument he can shake
the box other people can't quite do it
the same way so he has this superpower
where simply shaking the box and moving
the variables around until they favor
him kind of works every time you just
have to shake until you get the right
you get the right outcome now what he
did was cancel the Iran deal that shut
the box and now everybody's thinking in
a little more expansive way that there
are more of variables in play then he he
increased it to let's talk about a
treaty not just a deal and then let's
talk about the whole area let's talk
about the people you're funding let's
MIT let's add lots of variables in this
thing
chic bucks again right now when he
shakes the box there's all kinds of
stuff in there the odds of one of those
shakes giving him a good situation it's
pretty good if you shake long enough you
know you're not going to get it on the
first shake of the second shake but if
you keep shaking things are gonna line
up your way now in my prior periscope I
took you down the reasoning trail that
said when you ask yourself what's the
problem in the Middle East like what's
the problem you get all kinds of
different answers it's like well this
group was humiliated these people think
God gave them the land there's a
fairness question there's a poverty
question there's you know maybe too many
males there's a cultural problem and and
I've taught you that when you have that
many different explanations for a thing
probably none of them are true it's more
likely that there's cognitive dissonance
and that everybody is inventing their
own explanation for it everybody's
confused about with something and there
they're building a movie to try to
explain it and that's why you get all
these different movies because everybody
is trying to solve for the same
confusion and here's the confusion and
by the way this is not how things
started in the Middle East so there may
have been legitimate not may event there
were legitimate complaints at some point
for example if you got kicked off of
your land when Israel was formed well
that's a pretty legitimate complaint
but we're talking mostly about
second-generation people who have had to
build their own movie about what the
problem is because they were born not at
Israel they've heard things they're
trying to explain the world and here's
here's what I think is the trigger and
this is all preliminary subject to
better thinking in the future it seems
to me that the trigger for cognitive
dissonance over there is that people
believe that their God will do the right
thing help them win help them prevail
and yet for 70 years since the founding
of Israel their God has apparently let
them down hard so how do you explain
your primary belief of the world is that
you've got the right God God's on your
side if you pray and do the right things
you get a good result and then for 70
years in a row just the Jews are getting
a good result and you know according to
you they have the wrong God how do you
explain that
well that's cognitive dissonance and
that that causes all these different
movies to appear now if everybody has a
different idea of what the problem is
some people are saying IQ I don't think
that's the problem but you know there
are lots of variables going on over
there you need a solution that solves
for the cognitive dissonance you don't
need a solution that solves each of
these individual movies because that
would be impossible right it's just too
big a task everybody has a different
movie in their head but if you can solve
the cognitive dissonance in theory
everybody's movie would disappear how do
you do that
I have suggested and this is more food
for thought I don't know that this is a
good idea or a bad idea I'm gonna put it
out as an example of this way of
thinking all right so don't take this
too seriously this is all preliminary
thinking my suggestion is that we
redefine the battle
field it does appear that the the
physical war for Israel doesn't seem
like you could win that it doesn't seem
that there's you know in 2018 and and on
it doesn't seem like there's a way that
you could that you could defeat Israel
without without your own people being
destroyed so instead you changed the
battlefield to the to the realm of ideas
and I think we could invite all of the
people in the Middle East to join the
internet and join the war of ideas and
get off the get off of the physical
plane because they're the complaint
tends to be in sort of this this God
religious level and let's take that to
where those things should be fought
which is the internet so I think we
should so just as a mental experiment
let's say let's say there was a Middle
East peace plan did it look like this
we're gonna give everybody in the Middle
East of the internet we're going to make
sure everybody has access to the
Internet and we want to take the war to
the war of ideas you know if if your
idea of god is the good one let's give
you all the tools that you need to
spread your idea of your God will be
doing the same everybody has their own
ideas of how things should be and just
fight it out on the internet and and
solve the little minor border Squamish
is you know what let's not fight it on
the in the battlefield of people and
bodies and you know and money and roads
and water let's just solve that stuff
and take the take the battle up a level
take it up to where it belongs
take it up to where God would prefer it
if you are God would you want the people
to kill each other in your name or would
you want them to talk about it in your
name which would you prefer so here
would be here's how you reframe these
things
I'm not saying that anything like this
will ever happen but imagine if we just
said look we need some big comprehensive
solution for all this middle-east stuff
let's stop doing you know onesie twosie
things fight a war here fight a war
there threaten this person let's see if
we can get a comprehensive agreement and
let's agree to take the battle from the
field up to the battle of ideas to be
more in keeping with God's preference
because there's no one who believes that
God wants bodies to be destroyed you
know if God if God created our bodies he
probably doesn't want some of those
bodies to destroy the other bodies if
you don't need to yeah there may be
reasons that you need to but why would
God want that if somebody says that yes
Allah does want that I don't believe so
and I believe I believe that there is
there is for at least some number of
Muslims an idea that they want to spread
their beliefs to as many places as
possible the internet is how you do that
the battlefield is no longer a way that
it works because it's too easy it's too
easy to arm rebels it's too easy to arm
the resistance so you can't really
conquer places physically anymore the
way you used to be able to all right
don't they have the internet yeah of
course but probably not as extensively
as they could have so making sure that
everybody has the Internet has more to
do with how you frame the problem than
it does to get more people on the
internet you need an Islamic scholar on
your periscope no so here let me tell
you something that will make everybody
angry it's it's generally considered a
fact that the more you know about these
situations the more likely you'll have
something smart to say about
how to fix it wouldn't you say that
that's a general truth that the norm the
more you know about the Middle East the
more you know about Islam the more you
know about you know Israel the more you
know the better off you're going to be
coming up with something smart not true
it's not true unless the problem is
knowledge knowledge is not the problem
here the problem is there's a whole
bunch of people who have a different
opinion of the problem and when that
happens you don't need to know the
details of what their individual
opinions are because the real problem is
cognitive dissonance and if that's the
real problem then you look next for the
trigger and the trigger is obvious 70
years of the god that you know is
all-powerful and on your side has been
screwing you for 70 years how can this
possibly be right so you have to invent
a reason you know the Israelis are bad
the Americans are bad whatever that
reason is and then you've got to fight
against it because you can't change your
mind so if you could remove the cause of
cognitive dissonance and the way to do
that is to say look God is telling you
as clearly as possible to move the
battlefield God has proven to you that
the battlefield of physical bodies
standing on sand shooting at each other
doesn't win and God does not have any
prohibition against you improving your
tools you know the the way that you get
to your godly you know end State he
doesn't care which tool you use whether
it's a sword a gun over the Internet if
you believe in God and you believe God
wants you to spread his word you should
believe he wants you to do it in the
best way that the best way it's possible
and that's the Internet we know that
violence at this point has a limited use
and it's certainly not going to get rid
of Israel so that's what I would do I
would redefine the problem as a problem
of religion take it up to a higher level
try to address people's physical needs
in more of a generous way and just
accept that the battle is infinite but
we'll take it up to the Internet where
the war of ideas belongs knowledge isn't
the problem said person without
knowledge well keep in mind for those of
you who believe that superior knowledge
will get you will get you to a solution
if that were true
are there not plenty of people with
superior knowledge and have they gotten
us to anything that looks like even
close to a solution so if you believe
this superior knowledge can get you to a
solution on the Middle East you have to
ask yourself why it hasn't worked yet
if superior knowledge could tell you who
is likely to be the President of the
United States can you explain why I was
right
and all the people with superior
knowledge were not if superior knowledge
tells you what's happening with North
Korea and what to do about it why was I
the only one who is describing a year
ago exactly why where we would be right
now is it because of my vast experience
with North Korea no is it because of my
vast experience in political matters now
when I became a famous cartoonist is it
because I had great knowledge of how to
become a cartoonist no I didn't even
know how cartoonists make cartoons when
I started being a cartoonist
when President Trump wanted to be a
reality TV star with no experience did
it matter that he did not know as much
as reality TV stars no when president
Trump became president did it matter
that he didn't know as much about the
economy as economists no economy is
doing great when he started fighting
Isis did it matter that he did not know
as much
as the experts on Isis know didn't
matter at all when when we started
dealing with North Korea did a matter of
that President Trump was an expert on
all things North Korea no did it matter
at all so check your assumptions it is
true that you know you have to have some
mental you know nimbleness it is true
that you have to know something but if
you believe that the higher you go in
the knowledge rankings the more likely
you'll come up with a solution then you
don't really understand anything about
how the world is really wired right the
person who comes up with a solution is
probably gonna be the one who just moves
the right variable whether it was
intentional or not
remember I explained president Trump's
method of shaking the box until one of
those shakes gives you something that
lines up favorably how much expertise do
you need to shake a box right the
methods that president Trump uses don't
require deep understanding of a topic I
know you hate that because you've got
your entire life you've been taught that
the more you know the better you're
better off you're gonna be and in
general that's true
in general the more you know the better
off you are
that's certainly true in general but I
just gave you you know six or so easy
examples of really big important topics
for the person who solves them doesn't
have much knowledge when Steve Jobs
decided to build a computer what did he
know about building computers nothing
when Steve Jobs said hey you know I
think maybe we'll move into smartphones
or whatever they called them before they
were invented do you think it was
because Steve Jobs knew all about
telecommunications nope
nope you knew about persuasion so steve
wozniak yeah he knew about chips but he
didn't know about marketing he didn't
know about a lot of things yeah what did
the Elon Musk know about Rockets well at
least at least Elon Musk is an engineer
so in that specific case you know he
Ilan's Elon Musk's superior knowledge
probably does help him but it's not
enough
you know his his understanding of
persuasion and how the world works is
far more important than his engineering
knowledge in my opinion way more experts
get results so there's somebody still
resisting my idea that in some cases you
don't have to have this superior
knowledge to have the better solution
and I will agree with you that there are
many cases in the small world where if
you have a legal problem it's better to
listen to the lawyer there are cases
where if you have a medical problem it's
probably better to listen to the doctors
I can tell you in my case that if I'd
listened to the doctors I would not have
recovered my ability to speak because
the doctor said it was incurable but I
thought it probably wasn't who knew more
about this problem you know some of you
know I had I couldn't speak I had a
voice problem for about three and a half
years and it was considered incurable
and when I talked to doctor after doctor
who had heard of it
after finding people actually heard it
they said there's nothing you can do
about it this is just how it's going to
be but I knowing far less than the
doctors decided I didn't want that
answer and so I went and got cured
there are probably 50,000 people in this
country who have that same problem and
they don't get it cured do you know why
because they believe the expert there's
some expert that told them there's
nothing they can do because even now
people don't necessarily know there's an
operation they can fix it it's not well
publicized
so there are many many situations in
which the people who know the most are
not the most useful for solving it
I think the Middle East would be the
classic example of that in fact I would
not expect the person who knew the most
to be the best choice for fixing it
might be you know I'm not gonna say that
expertise is bad but it tends to take
you down to a fact-based trail whereas
the solution in the Middle East is not
going to be a fact-based solution if
there's a solution in the Middle East it
will be a psychology solution that
recognizes what is the cause of the the
cognitive dissonance and addresses the
cause and that person won't need to know
a Shiite from a from a Sunni it just
won't make a fricking bit of difference
in theory in theory I'm not saying it
will be solved I'm not I'm not saying
that expertise is bad I'm just saying it
tends to not solve a lot of problems
because if expertise could solve the
Middle East there's plenty of it around
we would have solved that pretty well by
now I think the experts end up getting
to fact focused when the problem is not
facts how about these scientists
oppressors somebody asked me well that
sounds like a slightly loaded question
if you could ask that question in a
different way I might be able to
answering my voice problem was solved by
the best voice expert it was let me tell
you how the best voice expert developed
the surgery for solving my problem
because I got to talk to him about it
when I could talk and I said how did you
know that you could fix a brain problem
which is what people thought ever
but he has and that's still the theory
is that my inability to talk was a
misfire in my brain he solved me by
rewiring some some nerves in my neck
that were not the problem how did this
expert know they could solve a brain
problem and all the everybody agree is
it's a great problem everybody who
studies this how did he know he could
fix that by working on something
completely unrelated I asked him what is
the logical connection between those two
things do you know what the answer was
doesn't know doesn't know he actually
described it as an inspired gas you know
those are my words but it was basically
you know he said you know it's just the
sum of everything I knew and it was just
sort of an intuition again I'm Terah
phrasing but he got there not because of
facts he didn't get to the answer by a
logical path so nobody saw that coming
all right I believe I had one other
topic I was going to talk about no I
think I covered them all that's how I
write code somebody says you write code
by instinct I guess you're saying
intuition Starbucks yeah let's talk
about Starbucks so there's a big story
where Starbucks got in trouble for one
Starbucks store asks african-american
folks who were not purchasing anything I
know there's something about them using
the bathroom or something and so
Starbucks being a progressive kind of a
company they huddled and they decided
that they would allow anybody to use
their bathrooms whether they were
customers or not now it's a really
interesting play
from the perspective of Starbucks here's
what I would expect to happen I would
expect that in terms of reputation and
brand that's pretty good you know it's
very much on brand you know they're the
gonna be nice to everybody kind of brand
and I and I think that it may be a
really smart corporate move is it it it
really puts them in a different class
from everybody else who just talks about
being nice to the world whereas they're
actually taking a big hint to be nice to
the world so on a branding level I would
say a plus so what what the corporate
executives did and remember I'm the guy
who makes fun of corporate decisions
well I literally do that for a living I
make fun of dumb corporate decisions
this one looks very smart now what do we
imagine will happen what I imagine will
happen is that in some number of
Starbucks those those stores will become
unusable because the word will get
around and the homeless and the mostly
the homeless will just camp out and use
the bathrooms as much as they want and
they'll they'll take advantage of that
that kindness so what we should see is
that the Starbucks that are in those
areas that might attract people who are
homeless they should probably be close
to worthless in in a short amount of
time in other words the the customers
who are most likely to have the money
and want to buy Starbucks are the people
who least want to be hanging out with
homeless there's probably not a lot of a
lot of crossover there so I would expect
store but the Starbucks will lose you
know profitability at least and perhaps
you know 3% of their stores maybe less
but the the benefit to their brand is
pretty substantial now where that might
lead let me just give you some
speculation there might be some
or locations where they know there are a
lot of homeless people where in the long
run they may build the store so it's got
an internal I'm just speculating here
imagine in the long run this Starbucks
builds a store in a place where they
know homeless can get to it and they say
okay we know that what this place will
be filled with homeless
unless right next to Starbucks we build
a public bathroom problem solved right
you don't have to come into Starbucks to
use the bathroom it's actually it's the
second door
Starbucks is here and then they just put
another door right next to a public
bathroom and they you know just use
their corporate resources to keep it
clean and whatever they need to do so
you have a bathroom in the store for
customers yeah you have a bathroom
Starbucks builds now if you if you
already like Starbucks how much more
would you like them for building a
separate bathroom for the homeless that
wasn't there before I mean you would go
from like appreciating Starbucks maybe
as a corporate level maybe for their
further profitability you know there are
lots of reasons to admire Starbucks very
successful company made a lot of good
decisions over the years but if they go
from we will we will even risk losing a
store in a bad area to look if we can
build a new store and just put a public
bathroom right next to it it's expensive
but we can do it I don't know if that
will happen but there's a direction it
could go so I'd expect some Starbucks to
be impacted in a in almost a mortal way
and some Starbucks will be fine because
there weren't many homeless people
around there anyway all right
some are saying they'll build stores
without bathrooms maybe but that will
see them going that way I see more
bathrooms not fewer all right that's
enough for today you're gonna go back
and do some work talk to you later