doo-doo-doo bum-bum-bum hey everybody
come on in here it seems so long ago
perhaps several hours ago in which I was
complaining there's no news
hey what happened to those days when
there were there was no news so suddenly
we have a lot of news let's talk about
it I'll give you my flash opinions now I
like to talk about the news in the
context of an average idiot who doesn't
really understand the law or you know a
lot of the details of these issues so
I'm gonna I'm gonna come at it the same
way you would probably so let's talk
about mana for to first so I had
predicted there based on what we knew
from the the jury's question about about
a reasonable cause that that they had
sorry reasonable doubt that they had
reasonable doubt and sure enough 10 of
the 18 counts they were hung on so the
the signals that they had sent were
essentially correct now it turns out
that only being guilty of eight and of
18 counts in this case didn't help you a
bit
apparently it wouldn't have mattered if
had been one count as long as it was
guilty of that one count he was gonna go
to jail for life unless he figures out
some way out but it's good to know
because I made the prediction in front
of you and in public and I said that
there's they're clearly signaling that
they're at least partially hung meaning
on some of the counts and sure enough
that was the case all right now it might
be the man of her
we'll now get out of the news a little
bit and I suppose that would be good but
let's talk about Cohen
so Cohen please guilty to some banking
fraud and then also said that he acted
to do something on or that he did a
campaign contribution violation by
acting on the direction and in
coordination with the president
now the leap that people are making is
that therefore if he's pleading guilty
to this and he would certainly know that
that clearly indicates that the
president is also guilty of it and
therefore the president is in legal
jeopardy and/or jeopardy of being
impeached if you know even if a sitting
president can't be indicted
he could be indicted after but it could
be impeached before if what Cohen says
is true and why wouldn't it be true he's
doing a plea bargain but here's my
question I may not be you know
summarizing it as well as I as I could
but I think he got the point here's my
question why is it a campaign violation
for the president to pay somebody to be
quiet so that he'll look good when
running for president and the reason I'm
wondering how that's a campaign
violation even if they talked about it
in terms of the campaign because would
it be a campaign violation to get
plastic surgery so that you look better
when running for office because I'm sure
that's happened would it be a campaign
violation to paint your house before you
run for office
because that would be to make you look
better it's your own money paying to
spruce up something in your personal
life would it be illegal to do anything
that made you look good by either
concealing or painting or you know
rehabbing or fixing something up about
your person life how in the world could
that be illegal if it's more than 10 K
but here's the thing what if what if the
sum of all the things that a candidate
did to make themselves look appealing
was over 10 K or over whatever is a
reportable limit it doesn't have to be
the one specific expense if the some of
it is all to make them look good to the
public in their personal life how could
that ever be illegal so I've got a
feeling that there's got to be at least
some argument that says people can spend
money making themselves look good which
is different from hiring people to
campaign and running ads on TV those are
you know more unambiguously those are
campaign expenses but where's the limit
of what you can spend and just making
yourself look good if I get a personal
trainer do I have to add that to the
list with the other things what if I get
cosmetic dentistry what if what if
Hillary wears depends does she have to
put that on the list and count that
toward or campaign contributions you
know where's the argue you know we're
where do you draw the line now there's a
separate argument that whether what
Cohen did of trying to conceal the
nature of it whether or not that was
illegal separately from the campaign
part of it but
am I wrong that that doesn't feel like
it should be something that's illegal
the fact that they've just automatically
said you did this because you're running
for president I don't think that's a
good enough reason because people pay
for lots of stuff to make themselves
look good if they're running for office
I'll bet they'll bet that's not on their
campaign and stuff so somebody is saying
your apples toward your stuff isn't
working keep spinning
now you may have missed the introduction
to this so my commentary on this is with
the understanding with the audience that
anybody else who watches us there I'm
speaking as an uninformed non-lawyer
who is confused so I'm not saying that
I'm giving you my legal opinion that it
shouldn't be legal I'm just not being
able to imagine how it could be illegal
now that's not the best part here's the
best part
let's say that that precedent is
established that if anybody who's in in
politics and running for election or
planning to run for election or even
planning to stay elected if they give
any money to their person they're having
their affair with their mistress is that
a campaign contribution just
automatically if if you know if some
Congress person is paying somebody
generously for you know not much of a
job for example because there are other
benefits is that a campaign expense
because if she talked because she wasn't
happy about not getting money or he does
that make it by its nature a campaign
contribution because it's keeping the
politician looking electable so
you're confusing the candidate and the
donor well if the candidate is the donor
in all of these examples that's the real
question
there's nothing illegal about paying
someone to keep quiet well I believe the
charge is not that that that's illegal
the charge is that it wasn't reported as
a campaign contribution I might be wrong
about that so here's the second part so
there's some talk that maybe the
president we wouldn't be indicted
because he's a sitting president but the
Congress could impeach because it's a
high crime and with I crime and treason
is that what it is there is impeachable
and so it isn't treason but is it a high
crime to give money to your mistress so
that she doesn't cause trouble does that
feel like a high crime now I realized
that the context is a campaign
contribution there was not reported but
if the campaign contribution that wasn't
reported was something that was
completely legal but not directly
related to the campaign even if it's
technically a crime is it a high crime I
mean I've got I don't know what
qualifies is a high crime other than
what I'm doing right now
this might be a high-crime all right
that was funny just to me apparently but
I can't imagine that you could be
impeached for it and if that started
imagine the mutually assured destruction
that would start because every
Democratic Congress person who had ever
given the dime to someone who wasn't the
spouse is going to have a lot of
explaining to do so here's my here's my
prediction it looks like a big news day
that is very bad for the president
that's the way it's being presented
certainly on CNN I'm sure MSNBC foxes
there's a little bit all over the place
here I haven't watched enough of it to
know what they're thinking but I don't
think any of this makes any difference
than anything it will certainly it'll
certainly be you know news well I don't
know if anybody cares and and I
certainly don't think it's gonna get him
impeached and I don't think that you
know there's much of a legal problem
even if they waited until he was you
know no longer president I think it's
just a fine isn't it I don't know if
you're gonna even go to jail for that so
that was my phone buzzing by the way
case that sounded weird somebody just
said they're on acid
[Laughter]
so give me give me your opinion and with
the understanding that I'm not a lawyer
you're not a lawyer we really don't
understand the ins and outs of any of
this stuff but just give me your opinion
do you think that it has to be
considered a campaign contribution if
the if the candidate does something to
make themselves look good with their own
money now in this case the president is
allegedly you know his money went to
Cohen who went to stormy you know in a
in a in a sort of clandestine way but it
still the candidates money so how many
of you think it's illegal for somebody
to make themselves look good with their
own money when they're running for
Congress we're running for any office
how many think it's illegal
there's somebody saying that I would
defend him if he murdered a family
member of mine let me stop and deal with
this so somebody just made a terrible
accusation they said that I would defend
president Trump even if he had murdered
a family member of my own I think that's
going too far I'd really need to know
which family member you're talking about
you know maybe one of the unfavorable
family members you go either way if it
was somebody popular in my family no way
no way I'm gonna be okay with that
but you know somebody marginal you never
know just kidding
[Music]
and if you pay attention at all you
would know that I don't defend the
president on a number of topics such as
statues and health care and race
relations and immigration and I'm sure
there are a few other things but if
you're looking for my consistency on
this matter I would refer to you to Bill
Clinton who I said much the same as I'm
saying now which is this is the least
important thing we should worry about
you know I didn't care if Bill Clinton
did things that Hillary didn't like that
was between them and I don't care if
President Trump does things that his
family doesn't like that's between them
but I do care if the economy is good and
you know the world is the world is doing
well all right
your your comments lagged behind
real-time so I'm just seeing your
comments now to my bad joke yeah what if
somebody bites somebody said in the
comments what if the candidate buys a
real expensive suit you know let's say
suits the costs over a thousand dollars
what if how about well how about this
what do you think Hillary Clinton paid
for her campaign wardrobe I'm talking
about all the clothing she wore over the
course of the campaign I was probably
over fifty thousand over a hundred
thousand would you say and did the
campaign pay for her clothes actually I
don't know the Internet did the campaign
pay for her clothes because if she paid
for her own clothes
isn't that a campaign contribution then
did she did she note it maybe she did
you know again remember the context is
I'm the ignorant citizen who just
doesn't know the answer to these
questions but these are the ones I would
well I'd like to know the answers to but
so far based on what I've seen and what
I've heard the man of her thing has no
impact on the president so the
president's like free and clear Manafort
turned up nothing that mattered to the
president and then secondly and then
Cowen's thing looks like I can see why
they're saying it's technically a crime
but even if I knew it were illegal yeah
the the payment to stormy etc and the
thing with a National Enquirer to get
the rights to the story even if I knew
all that was true and even if I knew it
was technically illegal
is there a victim here who exactly is
the victim of this crime what I care and
I think I'm fairly consistent in being
soft and victimless crime generally
speak generally speaking
ba-bum yeah what if he gets his teeth
whitened it's at a campaign expense I
actually do want to know the answer to
these questions I'm not just saying them
you know to be provocative I don't know
the answer this are you curious whether
a campaign you know somebody campaigning
can spend their own money to make
themselves look good for the purpose of
winning an election and that you know
that's this Eric does every better than
a campaign expense where's the line all
right
I'm gonna sign off for now it must be
more news coming I'll talk to you later