but I'm bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
your favorite part of the day you know
what that is that's the time when you
have the unparalleled pleasure of
enjoying the simultaneous if with
like-minded brilliant and suspiciously
sexy people all over the globe join me
now raise your cup your mug your vessel
your glass full of the beverage of your
choice coffee preferred but not required
simultaneous it so it's a weird day with
the passing of Senator McCain which has
turned pretty much everybody in the
world into a gigantic liar and a
hypocrite as we try to navigate this
weird space where you're trying to
respect a veteran and somebody who has
recently died and respect the family but
also people have strong opinions but
they're trying to hold back right now
you know hold hold
so that's where I'm at right now which
is this is not the time to disrespect
anybody let's let's let the McCain
family do what they need to do and leave
them alone for now but I'm watching this
watching the saga of the flag the
half-mast flag and the saga of the
President President trumpet being not
invited to speak yet at McCain's eulogy
or you know not invited to give a eulogy
whereas Obama and Bush were invited now
here's the thing is that a problem in
any way shape or form
how in the world is that not just
perfect well what is became most famous
for he's most famous for this
straighttalk express McCain is famous
for being blonde and you know not
tolerating with BS and then you have a
president who is his nemesis in public
nobody nobody is surprised about this
who is the other leader who is most
famous for not being politically correct
if these two people can't be honest with
the public who can write so what you're
watching is two leaders who are known
for their bloodless their honesty their
non political correctness doing what
they have always done so I gotta say I
actually probably have more respect for
McCain because he wasn't they a phony
and death and that seems consistent with
his brand and I'm okay with that
likewise president Trump is not making
any effort to pretend he liked him any
more than he did or respected him any
more than he did would you want him to
would the world be a better place if
people were less transparent I kind of
like the fact that both of these people
did not relent that they were both the
élysée so far they have both been
exactly who they were McCain and death
the same as he was in life and Trump
continues to be Trump this is the least
problematic problem we'll ever see so
let's let's hope all of our problems are
like this so you probably saw the the
news that apparently a Chinese company
with connections to the government in
other words the government of China
hacked every single one of Hillary's
emails from her server
during her time as Secretary of State
all of them they have all of them now um
I heard that and I thought to myself you
know
I've been black I've been backing up my
computer to the cloud but this would be
a lot easier I'm just gonna back up
everything to China from now on just let
them hold a copy in case I need it so
here's the the interesting thing about
this so here are the following entities
that we know with some degree of
certainty interfered with American
elections or attempted to you have China
with this hacking a situation and of
course they did other things you've got
Russia of course with their troll forums
and more you've got the you've got Great
Britain with their agent Christopher
Steele now some of you might say but
wait he was working with the FBI to
which I say so he's not American right
yeah it shouldn't count if you're on
somebody's payroll you're either
American or you're not then you've got
stuff happening over there with who was
it and Mark whatever his name was you've
got you've got Australia was in the mix
a little bit with them talking about
reporting on Papadopoulos you've got all
kinds of you know media entities and
other countries who are weighing in
trying to affect our elections Halper
mark Alper wait was he YZ American right
Oh Stephan Stephan helper thank you
is he American or is he a Brit he's
American right yeah you might have
something than the Ukraine you've got
you've got Mexico owning the New York
Times
so have we reached the point and I just
tweeted this earlier have we reached the
point where we can say with confidence
yet that the Trump campaign was the only
entity in the news that did not try to
influence the election I mean they
illegally obviously they tried to win
but we have the the FBI the Department
of Justice the CIA all trying to
influence the elections probably
legitimately
you know you've got at least several
other countries you know Israel of
course always runs good
you know persuasion campaigns it's
starting to look like the Trump campaign
is the only entity that was not
illegally trying to manipulate the
election they might be the only ones and
that would be funny and ironic we also
have the story of Mexico and the United
States agreeing apparently on trade I
always worry until the deal is signed
you know sometimes you think you have a
deal and then there's some detail but it
looks like Lisa way it's being reported
is that we have a deal
now what I've been saying all along is
that when Trump tried to simultaneously
create all these trade problems with you
know all of these countries at once a
lot of people said hey that's crazy
because you're creating so many problems
all at once well apparently the people
who manage money for a living don't
think so because the stock markets are
doing great and I also said that as soon
as you get one or more countries to sign
a deal and it looks like it was a good
deal that the dominoes will start to
fall boop-boop-boop-boop
so Mexico might be the first one and
it's really a great first one because
Mexico has two qualities one is that
they're our neighbor right so it's
important get along with your neighbors
but
secondly we've had some tense times with
Mexico that's from the Trump candidacy
up so wouldn't it be great for them to
be the first ones to figure out a way to
work together now if they do make a
Canada will probably come online
reasonably soon and then it will have
two in the bag who will be next will it
be some will it be the EU or Great
Britain who will be next but at some
point China might be the last one now if
China is one of a lot of countries that
are having trade problems with the
United States then it sort of looks like
the United States is the problem right
you know what is the common element or
the common element is the United States
is causing trouble everywhere but as
those deals get signed Mexico Canada etc
as those deals give scientists starts to
isolate China and suddenly China will
start looking like the problem because
they're the only ones who can sign a
deal what kind of a modern country can
sign a trade deal well Mexico couldn't
do it I'm pretty sure Canada can
accomplish it and if China can't it is
not going to reflect well on China so it
looks to me like things are heading in
the right direction there and it's
possible that history will record that
Trump bucking all of his advisers and
you know stimulating these trade wars
slash negotiations I think history is
going to say it was exactly the right
time to do it and maybe he was exactly
the right President to get it done
because he brings with him that
dealmaker vibe and he's he's so
provocative that he he shakes the box so
much that everybody is scrambling to
figure out how to get some certainty
in this shaken box so it's entirely
possible that people are going to say
well when your economy is doing great as
it is that's exactly the time you want
to push back on bad trade agreements
because if things go poorly it's not
going to hurt you that much you've got a
strong economy already it's not gonna
it's not gonna take you down this is
exactly the right time now China on the
other hand if you believe the reports
and I don't know how accurate any report
is about China's economy there must be
some problems with transparency there
but the reports are that they're not as
strong as people think they are and
probably they're going to get flexible
at some point now if they get flexible
with China and we get an agreement with
China suddenly North Korea is a little
bit more isolated and did you notice the
the way that President Trump handled the
North Korea situation
his message to Kim jong-un was not just
friendly but super friendly like I
figured the exact words but he said you
know for now we have to not have Pompeo
visit because we're not making enough
progress so it was very clear that he's
he's not satisfied with the progress but
at the same time he was super friendly
to kim jeong-hoon and i think that's
real I think that they actually like
each other and it probably makes a
difference so there's no special urgency
with North Korea because as I've said
from the beginning what the president
doesn't did that is clever and
innovative and completely out of the box
from at least current recent history is
that the president Trump removed
North Korea's reasons for developing
nukes and naming em are in our direction
at least they just don't have a reason
anymore you know you don't attack the
countries that are trying to work with
you
that are trying to help your economy and
are not asking anything that you can't
give up so this seems to be that we've
got time now
president Trump bought us some time with
North Korea and he is using it wisely to
get to get China wrapped up and then
he'll be in a stronger position and
everybody will be to deal with North
Korea so that looks like it's heading in
the right direction too and then you've
got the president tweeting about Google
search returns and that the first things
that come up when you google about the
president are all the left-leaning media
sites which is interesting because Fox
News is the biggest cable news outlet
and even though Fox News is sort of you
know stands alone as the biggest of the
the right leaning entities it's so big
that how does it how does it not you
know how does it not come up pretty high
on the search and entities or the search
returns so Google's got some explaining
to do and I guess Twitter Google and
Facebook I guess are going to be talking
to I think it's the Senate who is it
that has the hearings is that the Senate
anyway there's some government hearings
on all of that shadow banning stuff and
we'll see where that goes that's going
to get really interesting I have a
request for a half-time sip the
simultaneous sip and I am happy to
comply because sometimes you need a
second set shall we
[Music]
yes Bruce or is being interviewed you
might be having the same reaction that I
am to watching the news about Bruce or
and the dossier and and all the things
around it and I'm thinking to myself I
can't square the fact that that's not
the biggest the biggest story in the
world because it looks exactly like the
FBI was trying to change the result of
an election I mean maybe not everybody
is innocent until proven guilty but the
news the news doesn't really operate on
the legal standard the news operates on
the assure looks like there's a problem
here standard and it's it's really
mind-boggling that the Bruce or the
story is not the top headline on every
outlet because we don't know what
happened that's what we're trying to
find out I had you know I'm not going to
jump to condemn an American citizen
based on my lack of understanding of
what's going on you know who knows it
could have been a double triple reverse
you know spice in you never know you
just never know
you never know what you don't know so on
this Bruce or stuff I'm not going to say
he's guilty of anything or that his wife
is but we can certainly say with
complete confidence it sure looks bad it
looks really bad so how does that's the
end of the headlines on on at least half
of the media in this country all right
yeah and somebody said what about a
second special prosecutor and I'm
thinking to myself well first of all
would we know if there were
investigations going on that were not a
special prosecutor
would we know if there was some internal
investigation going on about Bruce or
I'm guessing there is I'm guessing but
would we know one way or the other
and does it always have to be a special
special counsel because it feels like
special counsels are just trouble yeah
so we don't really know what's going on
there
but I imagine something is going on all
right I'm just looking at your sessions
recused himself on all of the Hillary
stuff is that true I guess so confused
watching the stuff I don't know if
you're having the same experience I am
but the complexity of all this stuff is
starting to get out of control when I
read stories that have well I'll tell
you my rule in a past relationship I had
the the three name rule and the three
name rule would go like this if she told
me a story that had three names in it I
I would I would stop her and say okay
we're done once she hit the third name
because once you get to three names in
the story it's too confusing and you
need you need to go back and simplify
your story so I guess stories like well
then Bob said this and they and then he
met Mary but then he picked up Jack and
then the three of them were driving him
like stop stop stop that's three names
I'm positive you can tell this story
with one or two names you never need
three names to tell the story if you do
you might be adding too much complexity
to this story so I had a three-name rule
and most of the reporting on all of this
stuff is sort of a ten name situation
you know it's just
this person that person who do they work
for what do they do I'm losing them I'm
losing the track so it could be that
part of the reason stuff isn't in the
news is that it's too hard to report it
on TV so you see it in long form in
articles more than you see it on TV you
have a game of throne rule yeah when I
watch a game Game of Thrones I usually
have no idea what's going on I'm just
pretty sure that there's some king or
wants to be king who we used to be
related to somebody whose brother killed
their sister one time with a dragon or
something and that's that's I never know
what's going on in that show but I like
it just the same
yeah is Bruce or gonna be on TV I don't
think so I think it's a closed closed
hearing isn't it
yeah somebody's saying is closed so
correct me if I'm wrong but isn't it
sort of a really good week for the
president so even with all this McCain
stuff you know if you if you're lost in
the weeds it looks like ah the president
screwed up again he did something with
not lowering or raising the flag on time
I don't know anybody who really cares
about that I'm sure there's somebody who
does but the bigger picture is that it
made this whole McCain situation made
all of the anti-trump media who were all
lefty liberal Democrats made them praise
a Republican for a solid week you know
CNN is non-stop that McCain was a great
guy
we love that Republican man he was a
good Republican and they kind of have to
do it because they've set him up as the
the foil to Trump and they can't really
get off of that train
but it can't be comfortable for them to
continually be praising a Republican
with their audience who is not exactly
Pro Republican so we've got the economy
doing well in the stock market doing
well we've got our first trade agreement
coming in we've got North Korea
seemingly under control we've got some
news coming out of Iran and the Strait
of Hormuz if I'm pronouncing that
correctly there I just realized that's a
word I've never said out loud think of
all the times you've read straits of
hormuz but you've probably never said
Hormuz out loud so maybe it's babu's I
have no idea I'm gonna call it Hormuz
and Iran is making noise like they might
you know block the Strait where they
control it or something
and I was reading I think it was a
retired military purse person saying
that he almost sort of hoped they cause
trouble because if Iran causes trouble
in the Strait and you know threatens to
lock up a third of oil traffic in the
world the entire Iranian Navy will
disappear in a week you know maybe 24
hours how long would it take I don't
know who would be involved NATO the u.s.
whoever
how long would it take them to clear a
hundred percent of the Iranian threat
from the Straits of Hormuz and and would
we sort of come out we might come out
ahead wouldn't we because I don't see
Iran going to war over that if they were
the ones that caused the trouble in the
first place or at least going to more
war than that would be I mean that would
be war but I think it would be limited
to oh we used to have a little bit of an
avy hey where's our Navy our Navy is
gone didn't we used to have a Navy does
anybody remember what we had a Navy
because we don't have a Navy anymore I
think yeah think about 20 minutes so
that was the big story about oh no we've
got problems in the Middle East and I'm
thinking to myself if that's your
biggest problem if your biggest problem
in the Middle East right now is that a
RAB is offering to sacrifice its Navy if
we want some target practice that's it
basically
Iran is offering free target practice
for you know live-fire training using
their Navy as the targets now we might
not take them up on that kind of hoping
that no no bullets get fired myself but
that's looking like the biggest problem
coming out of the Middle East right now
we just what was the news that the
fourth leader of Isis and Afghanistan
just got killed
how how deep do you have to go into the
Isis talent you know the talent before
you get someone who's just not the best
Isis leader look at elections in the
United States look at the do you know if
we have four elections in this country
and we elect let's say four different
presidents and four different election
cycles what are the odds that all four
of those presidents will be good you
know that they'll do the right things
and they're smart and they'll make the
right decisions well they're all pretty
smart they can't get elected if they're
not but usually there's at least one out
of four that can't get it done and every
time I see an Isis leader or an al Qaeda
leader it get killed and the the number
two is promoted I think to myself you
know the number two person isn't the one
who built all of this the number two
person might be a little less qualified
than number one now it's not impossible
that number two is actually better than
number one but what about number three
and what about number four by the time
you get down to your fourth choice do
you still have the same quality of
decision making do they still have the
same respect can they still you know
lead with the same amount of emotional
you know persuasion I got I think that
the talent pool gets a little bit
thinner once you get down to the fourth
leader somebody said you get Kiefer
Sutherland how important are the
midterms in your opinion well the
midterms are certainly important because
they will determine you know how
politics look for the next several years
but which way they go is far less
predictable
I have speculated as I've seen others
speculate Dana Perino on Fox News has
famously said this a few times that it
might be the president Trump could do
well with a split Congress he might be
exactly the right personality because
he's not he's not an ideologue and we
might have exactly the right issues for
a split Congress so if you think about
it immigration and healthcare are two
topics that it would really be helpful
to not have just one side to ram it
through wouldn't it be great for those
two big things immigration and health
care that at least just for those two
things we got something that looked more
like a little bit of a consensus across
the aisle you know speaking of so you
know here here's a here's a situation in
which we could you know honor McCain
because he did talk about reaching
across the aisle more
I don't think that's a terrible idea so
it's possible we could get a split
Congress and they just can't get
anything done so it might be terrible it
could be yeah I don't know how you'd put
an odds on that but it's also possible
that you would have a a Bill Clinton
situation where he can you know do a
little horse trading and say look you
know you can't you can you can get this
if we get this let's figure out
something where we can at least move the
ball forward now I'd like to tease you a
little bit of something upcoming some of
you saw my periscope with dr. Shiva the
so-called real Indian who is running
against the fake Indian Elizabeth Warren
for Senate in Massachusetts and he
recently had a Town Hall I think it was
on the question of health care and I'm
just gonna tease you now that I'm going
to have him back on I'll tell you
details later on but I'm gonna have him
back on to talk about how do you
approach health care you know moving
toward a solution in more of a systems
approach you know that I like systems
more than goals a goal is hey let's fix
healthcare a system is what do you do
every day you know what's what's a
process that you can just sort of churn
ahead and make progress on health care
what's it what's a system to get there
so we'll talk about that and some ideas
that I've already heard from him we
chatted about this already and you're
gonna hear some things that will just
blow the fricking head off of your skull
you're gonna hear things from dr. Shiva
that you just haven't heard the things
that you just haven't thought about that
way and we're going to see if we can
move the ball forward and turn
at least how the public thinks about
some of these things I think it's let me
check my calendar I think we're gonna do
that
September 7th to Friday so I'll do at
the same time I do my other periscopes
so look for that at the same time I do
this periscope which is 10:00 a.m.
Eastern 7:00 a.m. Pacific and dr. Shiva
will be here on periscope unless
something changes between now and then
and you really want to you want to check
this one out
if you're trying to understand what's
going on with healthcare it's the first
time I felt like I was starting to
understand what the problem was and
starting to understand what a potential
solution might look like so that's
pretty interesting all right now let me
give you a pivot a little bit you know
that I've been working with the blight
Authority bill pulled a and if you
haven't checked out the website blight
Authority calm and the ideas section
ideas menu tab you can see that people
are suggesting lots of ideas for what to
do in an urban area so we've got all
these blighted areas that have been
cleared out by the blight Authority and
more to come so what do you do with this
area that's close to free in terms of
the land value you could work with the
municipalities to get access to it so
what do you do with it some ideas are
coming in but I want to play with a few
fun ideas as they cross my attention and
here's one of the most fun ideas that I
heard imagine let's just say it's
Detroit just so you have a real place it
doesn't have to be Detroit it could be
Baltimore or it could be any any place
but imagine it's a cold climate and a
northern climate
and imagine that you you build on these
vacant lots a a datacenter it might be
for mining Bitcoin but you know it could
be any kind of a large cloud thing you
have automatically the the cold weather
in the winter anyway so that's positive
because you've got all this heat that's
being released by the data center what
if you dug underground a little bit and
lowered your data center into
essentially a subterranean thing but you
took all the heat and you took it to the
surface and let's say that you use that
heat to heat greenhouses above it during
the winter what if you use that heat to
warm the roads
maybe you heat some liquid some water so
what was the with some antifreeze in it
for example and you circulated under the
the roads in your neighborhood you would
never need to plow the roads so now you
have roads that don't need plowing
you've got greenhouses that have free
Heat and then what about building some
homes
well they need some free heat - so you
could be free heating the homes now at
the same time if you're going to build
an underground structure you can run
some geothermal stuff while you've got
the hole in the ground and that allows
you also to cool your house in the
summer so in the summer you turn off the
the heat from the from the underground
data center and you just use the
geothermal that you're using at the same
time and suddenly you've got something
like free energy so imagine if you've
got a building site that is you know
essentially zero energy cost and zero
close to zero
land cost well now you've got a place
that you know you've probably got some
good ideas from what for what to build
now
do I know that that's a good idea I do
not there might be some engineers or
some technical people who say oh oh it's
got what you're forgetting is this or
that or it's too expensive to put the
data center underground or the walls
won't hold or there might be leaks or
there may be entirely good reasons yeah
it might be entirely good reasons why
this is a bad idea but what I love about
it is the idea that if you start from
scratch and you just throw out
everything you know about the way things
used to be done what could you build you
know what could what could you do using
today's technology what do you do in the
age of smartphone apps when you're
designing a community that you never
would have done before you had
smartphone apps a lot of stuff the
security you could have on your apps you
know the security for the whole town
you could you could have alert your
neighbors if they're suspicious things
and they can look at their phone so you
could take care of security with apps
you could probably bring down the cost
of owning a car with apps because you
just use the app to get it uber or get a
catch your bus or whatever you could
bring down right now
people have cable TV and it might cost
you a few hundred dollars a month for
your cable you could probably get to the
point where if you built a community
with its own homeowner association and
Wi-Fi you could probably get to the
point where people just don't need cable
TV you know they they just use their
phones and their apps and their Wi-Fi
and stuff so you could probably get to
the point where you have everything from
pet care to somebody to watch your child
because your app helps you find somebody
easily two rides two food
I mean think of all those things that
you could just completely change if you
built a community around apps
so yeah kids are already dropping cable
exactly so if you've got a smartphone
and you pay for unlimited data even with
4G you probably have everything you need
by the time he gets the 5g cable doesn't
even make sense
all right
so go to blight Authority calm if you
have ideas or you know companies that
are in the business of designing things
I've heard of some other companies I
might be talking about fairly soon that
are they have some fascinating
technologies for tonight village that's
interesting all right I'm gonna sign off
now we've done enough and I'll talk to
you again tomorrow
bye for now