stock market is doing terrific today and
that
means everything's going
right and today it's going to be a
special special
day you'll find out in a moment
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a finer time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels then nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a cuper muger glass and tank
ofel a d a canteen juger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
here the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go so
good well if my technology works I'm
going to bring in my special guest but
before I do that let me show you a
little video that's highly relevant to
the special guest
situation let's see if this works
let's see we'll make sure that we go
sound
and he's been my friend right from the
beginning of this Jack is a great guy
he's written a fantastic book
everybody's talking about it go get it
and he's been my friend right from the
beginning of this whole beautiful event
and we're going to turn it around and
make our country great again
amen thank you now Jack is a now that's
a good good book review right there
that's how it's done and I'm going to
bring in my special
guest Joshua lysek who's uh now Joshua
are you calling yourself a co-author of
this book with Jack pabic it's called
bulletproof hi Scott yes Jack and I are
co-authors uh of the book
bulletproof and that is out today I came
out on Tuesday yes this is this week
still fresh you can get get your fresh
book so so the book's about the first
assassination attempt it's about both
we' got details wow you you you were
definitely the fastest writer like on
the planet I I don't think anybody can
beat you for uh for putting a book out
so tell us what uh tell us what we're
going to learn that we haven't seen in
the news uh what what are you adding in
the book that's going to be going to be
special and irresistible
yes so we we cover both what happened
with Thomas Matthew Crooks the shooter
in there and Butler at that rally uh and
then Ryan Wesley Ruth the would be
assassin there in Florida the bait and
switch that we noticed Jack and I within
48 Hours of the butler shooting there on
July 13 was concerns how could this
possibly happened and then it was
security failures and we heard that
hypnotic repetition Scott security
failures security fa faur unprecedented
security failures and we thought wait a
second what if the security failures
were a tactical success and then all
evidence associated with Thomas Matthew
krooks and his life and his Times Gone
just like that we thought oh something's
not right about this so Jack and I we
commissioned a private investigative
team to do our own you might call Open
Source semi open source uh investigation
into the matter and we have our First
full report on everything that we found
the sketchy stuff inside of bulletproof
uh the metaphor I like to use is when
you're out in the yard on a summer day
and you pull up a rock in the yard what
do you typically see you typically see
creepy cullies skittering around exposed
to sunlight and that's what we observed
before during and after in the life and
network of Thomas Matthew Crooks and we
talk about that inside of the book
interesting so krooks had a life that
you that basically doesn't look like a
regular life that that's the bottom line
on him right everything he did didn't
make sense for somebody who wasn't part
of something
extraordinary yes that's correct and
there's a significant amount of
suspicious and otherwise coincidental
activities with his associates and
colleagues that you might say people in
his life and we we had our team speak to
Neighbors uh spoke to friends spoke to
people that are in the the community and
uh we have siren siren siren lights
flashing sort of a situation there with
that and what we observed and we later
learned that the Turning Point action uh
group that Jack and I both have done
events with they spoke to Thomas Matthew
Crooks minutes before the shooting he
came by their booth and they said that
he came across cocky he they said that
he lifted up his chin at them and looked
down at them like this and wouldn't
answer any of their their questions I
thought okay this guy's kind of weird
what's he got going on and the Secret
Service director and then the acting
secret service director both lied to the
public about what they knew Crooks to be
doing before during the and and uh and
during the shooting activities they for
example we saw him on video jumping from
roof to roof Insight of the police we
have this from body cam footage what he
was up to and yet what we see with the
footage is someone acting calm cool
collected confident going at a normal
Pace as if there's some sort of a plan
that's being executed he doesn't act as
if he's worried about getting caught
that's what is the most pants on fire
moment for us yeah like like somebody
maybe had told them you're G to be
fine could be yes and then officer Greg
nickel we find out was supposed to be
positioned overseeing that part of the
building the AGR building and then
inexplicably minutes before the shooting
few just a few minutes handful of
minutes leaves his
post and then said that oh I forgot
something I need to go back outside and
get it and then comes back in we
understand and then a couple of minutes
after the shooting goes back outside
again after this individual would have
heard gunshots now we're not necessarily
insinuating anything with this
particular individual because there's so
many events
that line up for example there supposed
to be a drone operator that day police
drone when when Jack and I were there
for the butler 2 rally the Trump's Grand
uh return in the memorial service for
Cory comparator 100,000 people there
with in attendance we saw perhaps seven
six drones overhead all over the area
but on that day the person who was
supposed to be operating the Drone was a
noob at drones and it turns out spent
several hours that day on tech support
with the Drone manufacturer customer
service like an 800 number trying to
find out how this thing is supposed to
work so you have events like this that
are all going up Greg nickel leaving the
the Drone operator are we ining that the
Drone operator is somehow part of this
great deep States conspiracy not
necessarily that I think that's not in
evidence and we don't want to speculate
even for entertainment purposes because
this is a serious National Security
matter but when we put all of this all
of these security botches Scott we put
them all into chat GPT it's a sort of a
social experiment oh interesting and we
asked GPT 40 we asked
it what is the
probability of each of these security
botches failures all happening the same
day an armed and trained Marksman is 140
yards away and is's able to get eight
shots off at a presidential candidate
right we asked and the probability and
and we put all of this inside of the
inside of the book there towards the end
I said the probability of these events
occurring independently of one another
is one in a
septian which is a one followed by um 27
zeros the similar uh probability for
this is if you flip a coin and it turns
up heads 95 times in a
row all right well let let me give you
uh let me give you the challenge to that
to make make sure you're ready for this
so you and uh Jack pabic are like an
amazing team because he's got he's got a
lot of the background in the security
you know intelligence world so he's
going to spot some things that the rest
of us couldn't spot but you have a
backgrounded
hypnosis and so presumably you're uh
keyed into you know confirmation bias
and you'd know you know there'd be
there'd be problems in any large
organization there's going to be a lot
of in in competence how do you sort
out the natural incompetence that every
organization has from something that
would be an extraordinary amount of
incompetence like where do you draw the
line because when I saw the this story
my first reaction was that even if
there's something you know that we'll
never know about some plot there's still
going to be a whole bunch of stuff that
looks like it's part of the plot that
would be ordinary incompetence so how do
you how do you you sort that out or even
how does chat GPT sort that
out yes that's a that's a fair response
and we thought about this as well
because it's not unusual for there to be
the occasional security uh botch so
right at the release of the book UNH
humans that Jack and I co-authored back
here and that came out in July we did a
pre-launch event in Detroit and there
was a turning point event and Donald
Trump spoke Sunday well it turns out
that and I don't recall who exactly it
was but there was law enforcement either
the drit Poli the Detroit police or the
Secret Service themselves who had
allowed a number of people in who didn't
have security badges who didn't have who
weren't supposed to be there suspicious
circumstances and everyone locked down
and everyone had to be rewinded again
and events were pushed back three hours
because some law enforcement let someone
in who wasn't supposed to be there and
it was clamped down immediately uh
afterwards actually no it was Saturday
night I was wrong it was Saturday night
that that happened
so that's not an unusual sort of thing
that happens like you said large
organizations where there's not instant
communication this sort of thing happens
what is unique about the butler rally is
the number of these security failures
that had not happened before that there
was a precedent for and they all are
occurring on the same day and there
seems to be certainly motive means and
opportunity for such a hit to occur that
day so we walk up to the line of
speculation and WE peer over it we we we
lean over it with a probability
experiment and the other thing is it's
not binary it's it's not that there's it
was only mistakes and it's not that
every single thing we saw was part of
the plot it it's
almost one of the mo more likely
scenarios which is some combination of
both of those things
we suspect so yes given that we we've
seen these sorts of things happening but
we also are aware of the fact that the
Trump team had requested from the Biden
Administration additional Secret Service
uh support because of the number of
Iranian plots uh and let's say noise
around Iran attempt attempt attempted to
wanting to attempt to assassinate uh
former president Trump uh and of course
they were denied repeatedly over over
this and I am I am reminded Ed of a
story in the Bible a story that is so
welln it is it it speaks to uh let's say
an instinct of our of our species almost
I like to think about religion in
biological terms and the religions that
are closest to human thriving and
flourishing from a biological
perspective are the ones that are truer
um so this is a story from the Old
Testament many of your viewers will know
the story of David and ba Shea right so
David's cheating on you know um his
wives and Bas Sheba is married to
somebody else a man named Uriah well
David orchestrates this plot that gets
Uriah marched out to the front lines uh
in in battle and then he has all of the
other soldiers pull back from the front
lines to leave your out there by himself
be surrounded by the enemy because
there's plausible deniability associated
with oh well that was just a maneuver
that that that the king had order and
the general approved it you know that's
that's that's real tough luck and that
was immediately what came to mind within
minutes after I saw that video I'm
sitting there July 13th at about 6:30
eating Thai food and my phone's blowing
up and in a reference back to my
previous one of my own books called so
good they call you a fake uh one of the
moms for Liberty women texted me and
said so good they try to kill you that's
the text right and I thought they just
shot Trump and so I I pull up my phone
in 50 messages you know everything's BL
up at that point and a few minutes later
I start writing
bulletproof and I I'm watching that
video over and over and over I I tried
to find the longest one the speech up to
that moment and this it it felt a little
bit like when I turned on the television
at 10 years old and I saw the second
tower get
hit wow it was a moment like that for me
right and I wanted to be more than just
a civilian citizen Observer I wanted to
be a commentator participant in telling
this story because I go over to the
mainstream media and its headlines like
Trump collapses on stage fireworks heard
nearby and it's and I have some I have
some family members um who are more uh
liberal and Lefty and I ran this past
and like did you see what happened and
like what are you talking about that's
just a conspiracy of course they're
going to claim you as assassinated this
is what they do they just exaggerate
everything everything has always ended
the world with those people they don't
know anything right it was not even two
movies on one screen it was two
different movies at this point not even
a Shar set of facts right
now wow so we we live in a world where
we think the JFK assassination was
probably an inside job did would you
would you say that the the assumption
that JFK was a CIA hit especially since
RFK Jr seems to be behind that idea do
you think that's generally accepted in
the public
now yes in the lead at working on this
book we did our own casual surveying and
pulling to get a sense of like in our
networks and in our our world people who
believe it was the official story about
the JFK that there's this lone shooter
named Lee rvy
Oswald it seems to be the vast majority
even people who are employees of the
federal government military contractors
service members the response is oh yeah
they them that that's it's not even just
I don't know about that official story
about
JFK now the official story about JFK
also falls apart
statistically right very reminding me of
your approach to this one because you've
got things like right who was in charge
of the commission to look into well
maybe the person who might have done the
murder and you know so every every time
you
find even the uh
the accuracy of the shot you're like you
know the ability that you would get that
shot off in the moving car with that
rifle and all that stuff so so it seemed
like uh or the one Magic Bullet all the
all the weird
coincidences um so there are a lot of
coincidences in this one too it seems at
least rivaling that level of coincidence
and and that's something that after
several decades we've come to believe it
had to be an inside job
yes it it does defy expectations that
this would be possible defies belief the
the official story and we we lay out a
few different scenarios we don't we
don't we don't make any particular claim
of of of truth because we don't have all
facts and evidence in our possession so
we can't uh 10 foil hat this thing we
lay out the scenarios that are being put
forward including the oh this was just a
troubled young man who was a very
computer savvy but was only able to get
a job as a uh working assisted living
parttime as a helper uh and yet he
somehow could find out how to build uh
bombs and he was expert Marksman and he
attended a marksman uh Club um a
Sportsman's Club that known federal
agents regularly frequent and train at
uh and the records that we found which
we had to significantly redact so was
not to docks seemed to indicate Scott
that Thomas Matthew Crooks was going to
the range with someone on a regular
basis wow there's so much in our private
investigative report that we are not
able to publish uh for for for
confidentiality reasons plus Jack likes
to call it the bulletproof project
because it is an ongoing investigation
and going back to the Rock and sunlight
metaphor and skittering about all these
months later they're still skittering
and we're
following wow all right so uh just to
wrap up for people coming in uh late
hold up the book listen to the book it's
a bulletproof and it's available now
everywhere that you buy books I assume
all the book yes that that's right we
have autograph copies available at order
bulletproof.com but most people are just
ordering it on Amazon and Jack just
finished the Audi book uh recording that
excellent all right thanks uh everybody
go out and buy that that sounds like the
most uh timely book that ever could be
find out what's really happening in your
world and we're we're in this weird uh
fake news World bubble where sometimes
the only way you can know what's true is
by looking at the statistics and saying
to yourself does that look true could
all of those things happen at the same
time so sounds fascinating can't wait to
look at it and uh thanks for joining
Joshua book is bulletproof available now
go get yourself a copy all right thank
you Scott all right thanks
Joshua
thing all right back to
me that looks like that'll be
interesting all right well four
astronauts have returned from the
International Space Station SL splash
down it's funny that we're treating that
as routine now we just got four people
out of space who were there for 232
days do you think you could stay in the
International Space Station for 200 32
days without being badshit
crazy I don't believe I could I'm pretty
sure I couldn't do that and I also
wonder how long it takes you to get your
muscles back do you ever think about
that if if you spent over 200 days in a
weightless
condition walking would be really hard
wouldn't
it like it' be hard to walk upstairs I
wonder if it takes a year I bet it takes
a year to get back to your normal stuff
unless they do weight maybe they do
resistance training up there oh maybe
that's it maybe they do a little
resistance training before they come
back well here's some good news you know
we're always thinking there's not enough
lithium in the world but there's a new
technology that would double the
extraction efficiency according to
scitech daily so now you could get your
lithium from places that previously was
not economical to get your lithium it
reminds me of
fracking you know how
make sure this is reminds me of fracking
in the sense that you know we we had a
way to get oil but then it wasn't good
enough or at least in the United States
we couldn't produce enough that way but
we got the fracking so it looks like
there's something that would be not
similar in technology but something that
would maybe have the same effect on
lithium hey there's new loneliness
cure um I like to remind you because
loneliness one of the biggest killers in
the
country um but it turns out that new
research shows that having a group uh
reading a reading group or you read the
same book and then you discuss it is
apparently some really special way to
handle uh
loneliness now if there's one thing I
could tell you about loneliness it's
this the only way to make
friends is through activity
let me say that again the only way to
make really good friends the kind you
really have a deep relationship with is
through shared activity so if you're not
taking a walk exercising with them
joining the club they're not your
co-workers they're not your
relatives it's just really hard to just
make a random friend because you met
somebody on the subway I've never seen
anybody do that but this idea of doing
uh reading
groups seems like that would work great
because you could put all kinds of
different people together in a room
people that you would never pick on as
your friend but if you read the same
book and you wanted to talk about it you
would have a good time and apparently
people feel real connection when they do
this so I'm not
surprised um but every time I see that
there's a new way to defeat loneliness
it always has in
common that you have to be
organized so I tell you again if you
want to be special in the in the world
of robots the robots going to be lifting
all the heavy things and doing all the
chers and they writing the
code but somebody needs to organize
people and I just don't think the robots
are going to have the I don't know
Charisma or the special magic to do that
so if you can become one who organizes
groups of other people for
anything I would work on that skill add
that to your Talent stack you want the
largest group of cool people that will
go where you want them to go because
they've learned that doing what you want
them to do is a good idea so do
that speaking of which uh there's
there's a article in the conversation by
Brad
Cannon and now this shouldn't surprise
you that having the right kind of
friends is a secret to Building
Wealth and the right kind of friends in
this kind context what Brad Cannon's
writing about is people who would know
things like how to use the stock
market because if you didn't know
anybody who had ever bought a
stock chances are you wouldn't either
but suppose you did and you put any
money in the stock market when you were
20 years old you're probably pretty
happy about it today if you're you know
65 so um I'm volunteering to be your
wealthy
friend so apparently if you have wealthy
friends they talk about what they do
with their wealth and then you say
really what do you do and then you learn
how to do it and you're more influenced
because it's somebody you know so one of
the reasons that I start this live
stream Lately by telling you what the
stock market is doing is that reason I'm
your your basic digital virtual friend
and I can do for you what maybe you
don't have locally which is I can expose
you to some good ideas for wealth
building and so I'd like you all to know
that the stock market is a good place to
be if you're
diversifying I never recommend buying
individual stocks except really special
cases but diversification is how you can
make money and then wait so there I just
took care of a whole bunch of people who
did not have a smart friend now this by
the way as well as education are what I
consider the number one um problems of
um systemic
racism if you didn't have any friends
who were investing in the stock market
how would you know how to do that I mean
I I was influenced by my father who was
influenced by his father so you know I
there would be lots of conversation
about buying stocks in the living room
of my lower middle class family home so
I just picked it up naturally and
um you need to do that too if you're a
but if you're black and you've you're a
lower socioeconomic group that that
probably is something that has rippled
from the time of Slavery to today and
it's very
fixable in terms of systemic racism the
most fixable thing is to make sure you
have contact with people who know how to
do stuff that's pretty flexible join a
book club join a book club meet some
people you wouldn't meet otherwise um
we're join the gym yeah so make sure you
rub elbows with people who know how to
do stuff you don't know how to do Steve
Bon's going to be out of jail on October
29th some people think that will make a
difference in the election do you I I
feel like by October 29th the you know
decisions will have been made but uh
it's going to feel good
won't it and one of the things that you
just can't put a number on is the animal
spirits and the animal spirits are
Skyhigh right
now the the animal spirits the thing you
can't define the the weird energy I
don't know is it the Charisma the Magic
in the air the whatever it is the
energy there is a ton of
it
and by far
is overwhelmingly in the right direction
now of course there's energy competing
but oh my goodness now one of the things
that is in the news a lot is that the
Republicans are doing unusually well in
early
voting now everybody who's smart and
talks about this the first thing they do
is they say what I'm going to say now it
doesn't predict
anything it just means the Republican
white Republican wised up they're
listening to their leaders their leaders
said it's going to be important this
year to to vote early and so there's a
lot of voting early it does not predict
who's going to win just because there's
more early voting that's what all the
smart people are telling
you they're all wrong it does predict
he's going to
[Laughter]
win it absolutely predicts it but not
directly so everybody who says the early
voting does not predict who's going to
win they're correct in terms of directly
it doesn't directly tell you but here's
what it does tell
you
Republicans are listening to their
leadership so the leadership of the
Republicans
said you better vote
early and then we observe Republicans
obeyed now they don't obey because
they're OB obedient this is an important
thing to know about Republicans no they
didn't obey because they are obedient
people they obeyed because their leaders
made
sense and that their leaders acted like
leaders and then they wanted to follow
them when you see the enormous change in
behavior from something that's a
lifetime habit you know voting is a
lifetime habit and they changed they
changed because their leaders were
credible and their leaders showed
up and they needed them and they
recognized the
need when you look at Scott pressler's
success in uh registering people in
Pennsylvania part of it is that Scott
Pressler is apparently a force of Nature
and just does an amazing job doing hard
work you know the things that we don't
want to do and he's successful at it but
the
substory is this Scott presler is a
leader and the Republicans who signed up
with him said you're a credible leader I
will follow you not because I'm obedient
but because you're awesome and you're
leading me in the right
direction now when you see how many
people have registered when you see that
Elon Musk is risking his life
when you see the number of pirates and
as Jordan Peterson is calling him the
X-Men which is kind of a Great Frame
actually the people who have joined the
pirate ship the Trump ship the people
who are putting their entire careers on
the line because this time it matters
more than it's ever mattered
before I
think that the voters have
decided I think that the early voting is
not again it's not by self predictive
but it is predictive of people accepting
leadership as credible and worth
following and I don't think they have
that on the other side you know they
they may fall in line and might be a
little bit more follow of leader uh but
I don't think it's thought out I think
it's just sort of mindless following
things and I do think that on the left
more and more people are recognizing
that that plan hasn't worked out you
know just going left hard all the time
so my suspicion is that if you feel the
the animal spirits you feel the energy
you you watch what leadership is
happening the people that are uh taking
the amount of risk that they're taking
I'm positive that Trump has the
votes and I'm also positive that I can
tell you he has the votes and you won't
stay
home yeah you know how they always say
don't get too confident because people
will stay home
nope not this time do you know why
because your leaders are telling you
very clearly you need to win the popular
vote you need to beat you need to beat
the cheat you got to be too big to rig
so no matter how confident you
are if you're a republican you have been
trained in a good way by your leaders
that this time it matters
you you you think you're a Californian
so it doesn't matter if you vote
Republican oh it matters you you got me
to vote this time I actually voted do
you know the last time I voted I don't
even remember don't even remember but I
voted and I made sure that I made sure
that at least a few other people voted
because I made them vote and not not
made them but encourage them I
guess how many of you uncharacteristic
Al something you've never done before
went out of your way to make sure at
least one other person voted in the
comments you tell me tell me in the
comments how many of you went out of
your way
uncharacteristically to get somebody
else to
vote now you'll see the the yeses
screaming by this is not like your other
elections do you do you know the uh the
big movement of
men here's something that I believe to
be true but maybe you have some counter
counter
examples if there's a big Trend and it's
something that women are doing it can be
really really big for women it's less
likely to attract men if it if it gets
identified as sort of a thing women are
doing men are likely to say well that's
for women we have our own thing but what
I observe is that when men all start
leaning in One Direction it often brings
women for example
football football traditionally was a
big male sport but I think at this
moment there might actually be more
female Watchers of of football and
Sports in general so there are lots of
examples where men lead unintentionally
they're not trying to they just found a
sport they like to watch on TV and all
of a sudden it's the most popular
sport so when you see that the men in
droves are moving toward Trump I believe
that they are biologically
activated by a number of things number
one they see real risk most elections
don't look like a real risk it looks
like well you can't even tell if it's a
Republican or a Democrat and it all
looks the same this one doesn't this one
looks like you could end the the
American Experience if you pick wrong I
mean it really does feel that way the
hyperbole aside it does feel like this
is could to be the end of it and I've
never said that before you know as much
as I disliked Hillary Clinton I just
thought she'd be bad for
me I didn't think she'd end the country
and I still don't I don't think there
was any chance she would have you know
ended the country but KL Harris is a
different animal there is a real there
is a real risk that she could ruin it
all and I've never seen that before and
I do believe that men are recognizing it
and they're being biologically triggered
to fix it I've often said that you know
if there's an
explosion half of the men are could run
toward
it to see if they can help to see if
there's danger they will risk their life
running toward an explosion trying to
help and what you're seeing is the men
running toward the explosion in this
case the explosion is Trump and they're
recognizing him as a real
leader they feel the leadership they
know it's focused in the right
direction
and I think they're going to bring more
women with them than you know I'm not
entirely
sure that the uh you know the polls are
registering anything right at this
point and we can expect that the number
of of Republicans who are lying to the
pollsters may be as big as you think I
saw a poll you know just a poll on
X um this suggested a lot of Republicans
are lying to
posters and that
too would
be mostly men who have decided how to
win so if you're a Democrat and you're
worried about losing you should be
really really worried because I think
you don't have a chance of winning the
vote now
what
happens I was saying Insurrection Barbie
an account on X talking about what's
likely to
happen well if it's really
close then probably the Democrats will
play games and say well you know these
votes don't count and these do and you
know somehow they'll end up making their
candidate win with trickery and lawfare
and you
know basically trickery but but what's
going to happen if it's a
blowout uh the the worry is that the
streets will be filled with
protesters however it's not going to
work this
time do you know why the street protests
aren't going to work this
time it's the same reason that the
October surprises didn't work against
Trump do you remember did did you see
this there were like three of them this
week right there were three October
surprises there was a very non-credible
woman who claimed some you know some
groping 32 years ago what what what was
your first reaction to it
nah your first reaction was it's October
some uh Democrat is claiming that Trump
did something decades ago no way it's
true that was that was your first
reaction right your first reaction is
that's not true then you heard that
these same liar
who who created obvious lies in Prior
Cycles uh that Jeffrey Goldberg guy and
that General Kelly the two least
trustworthy people in politics come up
with a few more Hitler things to which
you say oh come on it's the same
people how many times have I told you if
you know what is happening you don't
know anything if you know who's doing it
you know everything spoke I told you
there was a complaint that TR that Trump
privately loved Hitler you'd say to
yourself whoa I I'm sure worried that
might be true suppose I told you it came
from General Kelly and Jeff
Goldberg oh now you don't have to worry
about it because you know it's not true
if you know the
people you know the story if you only
know what is claimed to have happened
nah nah now remember in uh 20 you know
17 and 18 when the when black lives
matter and antifa were raging through
the cities and you thought it was some
kind of spontaneous organized but you
know spontaneous and it's because of the
situation it's because of trump it's
because there too many white
supremacists hiding in the hills and
maybe there's really something wrong and
and these protests are so big it's
really telling you that you can't have a
president
Trump now suppose it happened again
maybe the names of the organizations
change but they act the same how are you
going to act this
time are you going to send Kyle there
with his
gun nope you're gonna you're going to
get the out of there you're going
to leave them alone and you're going to
let them rage and you're going to let
them rage and you're going to let them
rage and you let them rage as long as
they need need to you let them let them
be as bad as they need to if you own
property well you've got another problem
you you might need to do something if
you own property but if you don't and
you're just watching like most of us
will just be watching put it in
perspective treat it like it's an OP
because it will be it will be an OP it
won't be real citizens who are mad about
real things although the people in the
groups don't know they're part of an up
you know most of the people think
they're they're with their friends and
they're trying to save the world none of
that will be true so I believe any
protest in the streets would
be let's say discredited as quickly as
the October surprises why because now we
know the op we've seen this op we know
how it works we know the media will line
up in one fake you know fake narrative
we know that Soros will be funding some
people to march in the streets and
pretend there's there's a big public
outcry we know it all we know that Jamie
Rasin will try to uh get Trump put in
jail we know they'll be talking about
you know new new scandals and new things
you never heard of yeah we know it all
we we know the whole play now that's why
it's not going to
work this time it's not going to work
and I would like to point out that the
uh Trump loving side of the world has
gained what I call an immune
response there was a time when when the
news would be infected with some fake
story about Trump and even Republicans
believed
it remember the the fine people
hoax Republicans believed that not all
of them you know maybe half but that's a
lot to believe something that's
completely made
up but uh now I think conservatives have
an immune
response meaning that uh well just this
morning so moments before we we were
live here I saw somebody commenting
about a video that alleged to show
somebody who has black hands and of
course that's just to make it seem a
little bit too on the nose right the the
Blackness shouldn't matter except that
it's political so everything matters in
the political sense and it would show
somebody purporting to rip up fill down
ballots that were for
Trump now the moment I saw that I said
that's fake that's just so obviously
fake and then but some other people
weren't sure and so they asked me and
then I said oh yeah that's fake now
because there are a number of prot trump
people who have made a reputation in
calling out fakeness
you have some trust that if I say
something's fake it probably is now I'm
not I'm not foolproof so I'm not
claiming 100% of anything nobody has
100% but if you asked two or three
people that you knew had been good in
the past so if you ask me about that
video and I said it's fake you might say
not sure so you check with cernovich you
say does that look fake and I don't know
what he says about it or if he's seen it
but let's say for example
he
said I don't feel comfortable with that
one now you've got two and you're like I
still think it's
real and then you ask who you know
whoever is your third best person that
you trust and they say it looks fake too
now what happens you change your mind or
at least you soften your belief which
would be fine as well so I think that
what is really different is that
Republicans were 100% % susceptible to
hoaxes in 2016 and 2020 wasn't as as
better as it could have been but now it
feels different it feels now that
everybody is
trained um on the right they're all
trained that if they hear a story that
sounds sketchy they know exactly who to
go to to say does this sound sketchy
right do you believe this one I mean if
you're watching TV you're gonna you're
GNA look for a Gutfeld right
because you know he's reliable history
of catching early you're going
to look for you you can name half a
dozen other people but you all have your
favorites banino Dan banino if banino
says something's fake are you going to
ignore
that you better
not if banino says something's fake and
I thought it was true I would
immediately change my mind because he's
credible right so once you know who the
people people are who can see around
corners it depends on the domain right
banino can see around corners in in a
lot of domains not everyone maybe
somebody else could see around the
corner maybe Dr Drew could see around
corners about you know some new medical
claim but we all know who to who to call
now everybody knows who to check with
that's different this is new so there's
an immune response like the left is
never seen and the immunity is to f news
and Trump of course gets most of the
credit for that he's the one who
destroyed the illusion of of of
news Well meanwhile Trump has said he'll
fire fire special counsel Jack Smith
within two seconds of getting
elected now how many think that's a good
idea so the special
council is you know selected by prior
Administration and uh job is to
investigate
Trump and then if he becomes the
president he can just fire this
person does that seem
fair I say yes yes because I don't even
need to look at what Jack Smith has for
evidence because again if you know what
happened you don't know anything if you
know who's involved you know everything
if you think Jack Smith is an
independent um
unbiased member of the you know legal
Community then you might believe
everything he's coming up with if you
know a little bit about his history and
his biases at least app parent biases
then you would say to yourself oh this
is not an a
legitimate process and uh so yes Trump
should fire him immediately so here's
one possibility it is possible that in
fairly short number of weeks you'll have
a president Trump who gets rid of Jack
Smith and a Steve Bannon who's
free that might
happen everything's heading in the right
direction let's look at the polls you
you all know that the the big polling
entities they have to get either to uh
oh it looks like a tie so that the rig
can happen right now we've all been
trained that the polling is not real and
that it becomes real only in the last
weeks this is something we didn't all
know before right but every one of you
knows it now think about how different
that is imagine when you thought that
the polls actually were real and that
they were just coincidentally converging
at the end and now you know a year in
advance they will converge at the end
because they have to remain credible but
before that they can be just working for
their team which is look at all all the
voters for Kam Harris you people who
fund elections I mean she's looking good
in the elections so you should give some
more money and guarantee she wins so the
early polling and this is this would not
be true of every single polling company
but I'd say the majority are not really
in in it to give you the right answer
and then toward the end they know they
need to be because that's what they'll
be measured so they all converge and so
the New York
Times um how surprised are you that
their final poll see if you can guess
what it
is what's the final poll of the New York
Times
tie it's a
tie how much in advance could you have
predicted that the New York Times poll
would be a
tie by election day
it was the most predictable thing in the
world now but in 2020 Biden was up by
nine which of course was fake and
Clinton was up by four in
2016 U which wasn't enough I mean she
was ahead in the um the national vote
but it wasn't enough to win the uh swing
States so what else we got uh CNN's uh
polling Guru Harry enton who's very
entertaining I really like him in his
his
position um he's saying that the odds
of trump basically taking all seven
swing States is pretty good or at least
five out a seven so it's looking like um
even though the numbers seem
close um Harry enton says very real
possibility it will be a landslide in
the Electoral College it'll be a
landslide so the the the total vote will
be in that probably 4% to a closer range
but
the the Electoral College could be
Landslide um now let's see Wall Street
Journal poll the latest one says that uh
uh Trump has taking a narrow lead over
vice president Kam Harris so basically a
tie um he's pulled out in front 47 to 45
but I think that's within the poll's
margin of error that's a tie
so let's see the the New York Times And
The Wall Street
Journal both both have it basically
within the margin of
error does that sound
real well here's what I call the uh the
October surprises that didn't work out
for the uh for the
Democrats um you've heard the Hail Mary
you know in in uh football a hail play
is when it's the last second of the game
and you've got one chance left and
you're just going to throw the ball as
far as you can into the end zone
everybody's going to be there you hope
one of your players gets lucky and
catches that last second play that's
called a Hail
Mary because it's like a you know you're
praying to God that it helps you know
Hail
Mary um but I think that if you if the
last thing you do before election day is
come up with some more Hitler Hitler
hoaxes it's more of a h
Mary H
Mary and it didn't work it just it just
died in its
crib and it died in its crib
because Trump's supporters have been
educated and we know exactly how the
hoaxes are done we know who does them we
know when they
happen you you could have predicted a
year ago
I don't think anybody did but you could
have predicted a year ago that this week
Jeffrey Goldberg in the Atlantic would
write an article about an anonymous
source or somebody like General
Kelly saying that something happened
behind the closed door that nobody else
heard and it had something to do with
Hiller you could have predicted that a
year
ago so it it hits differently when you
when you know the whole place
all right
uh according to uh
polls I think this was
raspon uh the support for political
parties uh for photo ID for voting 98%
of Republicans want photo ID for voting
but also two-thirds of Democrats and 84%
of The Independents want photo ID and
yet we don't have
it let's see we're a allegedly some kind
of a federal republic with Democratic
processes driving things and we have the
most important question in in our system
which is who gets to vote the most
important
question and an overwhelming just
overwhelming majority on the same side
there should be voter ID and yet we
don't have
it is there any other way to interpret
that other than the democrat's plan to
cheat no there's
not there really isn't any other way to
interpret it how do you interpret that
we use machines when nobody can tell you
a reason that we use
machines it's exactly what you think it
is right yeah so if you have no voter ID
when all the public overwhelmingly wants
it for all the obvious reasons and then
you have machines
that only you know probably less than
half of the public even
believes and you know exactly how to fix
it all and you
don't what else can it
mean there I don't even know what would
be another
hypothesis I don't know how to even
explain it like you know normally I can
steal man the other
argument you know normally even if I
think I know which what is the truth I
can say well but they're making a claim
that you know it's hard to check and you
know may maybe there's something to it
or maybe it's a little Hal true no no
the the the voter ID thing there's no
other side to that there's no other side
the Democrats who say that they they
don't care you know one-third of
Democrats they are not saying that they
don't think voter IDE is important
they're saying they want to win the
election so therefore they're saying the
the voter idea isn't important there's
nobody who thinks it's a bad idea to
have voter idea there's nobody you
cannot find me one person in the entire
planet who in their private honest
moment is against ID for voting there
are only people who think their side
will win if they don't fix it that's it
you know you you can count on
that there's always some crazy people in
the 2% maybe so everything seems to be
set
up um
for a election that nobody
trusts so I would say that the most
likely
scenario is that the people who want to
retain power will go to
the whatever is plan
C and plan C could be
wet I mean it could involve
violence I mean I I sure hope not and I
recommend that nobody do any violence
nobody do any violence don't do any
violence um but you sure wonder what the
Democrats are planning if all of their
current plans aren't
working uh meanwhile the worst people in
the world have all emerged I I feel as
though the worst human beings are all
like
Locust like they they just sort of
hibernate until it's time for an
election what was the the last
time um McConnell was in the
news Mitch
McConnell oh oh suddenly he's in the
news he's got a book that says that uh
um Trump should be uh impeached for what
he did on January
6 and that Trump is a SLE ball
narcissist Now where's McConnell
been all the times we were paying him to
do his job and the only thing that I
even know he did is this just this you
know this douchebag thing and then we've
got 82 Nobel laurates in chemistry
medicine physics and economics they
wrote a letter strongly supporting K
Harris yeah here's what they
said um blah blah blah blah blah they
want KL Harris for President we write
Trump would jeopardize advancements in
our standards of
living would he
uh what are some of the things that
Trump would do to jeopardize
your your advancements and our standards
of
living what exactly would that
be there's a lot of smart people who
signed on but why can't they talk to me
in a way that makes sense are they so
smart they can't communicate what what
would be an example of that what what
are you what kind of news are you
listening to that said Trump would
jeopardize advancements and your
standards of
living what and then they go on and it
would
um slow the progress of Science and
Technology it
would how how would Trump slow Science
and
Technology what what part of trump is
not pro-science and pro
technology I can't think of
anything Elon Musk is his bigest
supporter do you think El musk wants to
stop the stop the
progress but it gets better it says that
Trump would impede our responses to
climate change oh there it
is they found 82 people who are smart
enough to get Nobel uh to win nobels and
dumb enough to believe that climate
models are
real so they're actually just
idiots the these would be the easiest
people you could ever fool or
hypnotize because they've they've got
first of all obvious
TDS the first part that Trump's going to
lower your standard of living and and
slow down Science and Technology there
there isn't the slightest you know
Trump's Trump likes crypto he likes
AI he likes nuclear power he likes uh
space he started space
force he he always brags about his uncle
who is some kind of engineer
scientist so they've got massive TDS and
they're not smart enough to recognize it
in themselves and they think that
climate models are actually accurate
Andor that the that the warming and the
CO2 is going to you know kill us before
we fix it these are not smart people
these are people who might know a lot
about their domain but they don't seem
too smart to me based on this
anyway uh speaking of models uh Good
News Network says that the climate
models need an upgrade because plants
absorb 31% more carbon than previously
thought huh so you got your uh your
climate
models and uh one of the biggest
variables is how much carbon gets uh
absorbed by the plant life on Earth one
of the biggest variables I mean the Sun
would be the biggest one I guess but one
of the biggest
variables and they were off by a
third and they just found
out off by
Third meanwhile 82 Nobel laurates are
depending on those
models
meanwhile
meanwhile um there is a uh a hackathon
for the
uh climate models so there's a group
that's looking at all the climate models
and they're comparing them and they're
they call a hackathon but basically
they're looking to improve the
models
why why why why are they improving the
climate
models uh I've been told that they're
already good enough to commit uh $4
trillion are you telling me that the
climate models are good enough for me to
commit $4
trillion but they're not good enough to
just sort of be used the way they are
they got to be hacked and and fixed and
tweaked and maybe they'll do something
about this 31% error in the uh error in
the uh
carbon well what about did did you hear
the story about the um the instrument
the temperature measuring um what would
you call them kiosks or little buildings
so if you're measuring the temperature
for climate change you put your very
sensitive temperature gauge in a
enclosed structure very small enclosed
structure and it's important that you do
the enclosing part for reasons I don't
know
what but it turns out they found out
that you you paint them a certain color
uh but when the paint gets worn off and
it changes color then the building
itself changes uh its
temperature you know just as you knew if
you have black tile on your roof you get
a different result than if you had white
tile on your roof if it's black it's
going to absorb the heat if it's white
it's going to bounce it back so they
build these little enclosures they paint
them white and they're I think probably
all the same white and that's good so
now you've got something that's you know
all the same but then some of them get
worn out and turn a little bright
Browner or less White and the
temperature of the building
changes and it's going to change in the
direction of less
white which would
be
warmer right if if the nice white color
starts to fade then it won't be
resisting the heat as well as it was
when it was new so you've got you've got
thousands of these thermometer things
out there and everyone that hasn't been
recently
painted should show
warming no matter what the weather is
doing now I didn't know that specific
thing until recently but I lived in the
real world and the thing that I keep
telling you that that sounds
outrageously you know
provocative we can't measure the
temperature of the
earth we we I just add to you Joshua Lys
on talking about his book with Jack
babic and it's called bulletproof new
book about the uh assassination attempts
and you look at the level of
competence that was displayed there now
even if compet you know the level of
competence was not the whole story if
there's if there's more to find out and
it certainly there certainly does seem
to be some indication there's more to
find
out but that was considered you know our
most capable people in the country well
the Secret Service would never well okay
they did but I'll tell you one thing
these professional Secret Service people
they would never well okay they did that
too but there's one thing they would
never okay they did that as
well that's the real world the real
world is highly capable people who are
doing really stupid things like these 82
Nobel laurates who are highly capable
people who are doing something that in
my opinion is objectively and obviously
stupid because they don't understand
their own confirmation bias they don't
understand probably that the news is
fake they probably believe the news
imagine being a Nobel laurate but
thinking that news is
real yeah think about it I'd like to do
a survey of the 82 Nobel laurates and
ask them where they get their
news do you think that would be funny oh
I do
yep yep it would be hilarious because
you would learn that the 82 Nobel
laurates are idiots and that
they don't even know that the news
they're reading is all made up that's
what you would find out I guarantee it
that most of these people think that
they have good sources of news and you
have bad ones and that's why you're
getting the wrong message that's why
you're getting the wrong answer they
also believe climate models so they'll
believe
anything and anyway a uh former
Archbishop somebody who was a Roman
Catholic Archbishop uh he was
excommunicated so so he was he was on
the ounce with the Catholic church but
um he's a very Pro
Trump uh and he says there's no question
that the Catholics should vote for Trump
and he says because vice president K
Harris is and I quote an infernal
monster who obeys Satan all right well
there you go I've been struggling to
find a reason that would be persuasive
as to why you should vote for Trump over
KL Harris but it turns out um God has a
message that he's sending through this
EXC communicated uh former Archbishop
that haris is a infernal monster who
obeys
Satan
infernal now it's very different Trump
is an energy monster
he collects energy and then he tries to
use it
productively uh but he's running against
somebody who's an infernal monster who
obey Satan never obey Satan if I could
give you just one piece of
advice don't obey
Satan all
right Putin is defending his possible
use of North Korean troops
that Putin always makes me laugh because
he's so
capable
that every time Putin does something
it's almost like he plans it to make me
laugh like I loved when uh he he was
asked who he'd support in the election
he said well you know we think Joe Biden
was you know nice stable normal
President we could work with him and if
he thinks that K Harris is his natural
successor then we'll just agree with Joe
Biden and we'll we'll back the natural
successor because Joe Biden's a
legitimate president and he backs her
now to me that is hilarious because you
know you know that Putin is only saying
things for a fact right and I'm sure he
doesn't think that KL Harris is a strong
leader that he can deal
with but it is a hilarious answer
because it makes you think about wait a
minute we got rid of Biden because his
brain doesn't work but we're going to
take his recommendation about who to
replace him even though the news says
that maybe he thought it was a terrible
idea and he could have done better and
oh my God so it's just funny with the
the way Putin inserts himself with a
plausible
deniability but just enough to make your
your your brain
explode he's really good at
it now for those of you who are possibly
NPCs Or democrats or or not very bright
I would like to explain the following
thing it is possible to say that
somebody who is a a murderer and a
desperate uh does some things
well yeah without actually supporting
the desperate did you know that and now
I'm speaking only to the stupid people
the rest of you could take a take a
break I'd like that this message is only
for dumb people uh dumb people it is
completely legitimate
to say that somebody's a great
athlete but they beat their
spouse right that could both be true you
could be totally against beating the
spouse while noting that their stats are
good you can actually do that yes and uh
I know how mad it makes you but you can
do it you can so Putin is a very skilled
operator Trump says it all the time time
and then the dumb people say well why do
you love Trump Putin so much why didn't
say I love him he's just very good at
his job oh why why don't you kiss him
you love him so much well no really
nothing like that it's more that anybody
observes that he's doing sort of a good
job for his country not us well why
don't you just have sex with him then
okay not getting
through so I do love it when Trump says
that President XI is brilliant I do love
it when he says that uh Putin is a
strong leader and they he can work with
him he's just
negotiating he's simply negotiating
because if they return the favor which
is what he would hope reciprocity then
they should be saying things should he
get elected probably they'd wait till he
gets elected but if he gets elected then
Putin will say things like well you know
honestly I can work with Trump
and president XI will sayou know what
you you've got the strong leader over
there I can work with him so this is
exactly uh
count all right so we've got um a drunk
in the comments on
Rumble my vote almost didn't count over
half of the country votes almost in
count Trump told Pence to overrule
overrule please
so he's spamming with the same all caps
message I assume you're drunk right two
RAB doing little morning
drinking I think you should just paste
your ranty crazy message a thousand
times cuz 500 wasn't
enough yeah it looks pretty drunk I
don't have a way to block him but uh
calling all
Engineers if you can block T RAB on
Rumble he seems deeply drunk and out of
control and he's ruining the chat for
everybody he's ruining this is why
joining uh joining locals is good
because all the locals messages are not
ruined but the person on Rumble has
decided that all of you will have a bad
time now oh it looks like you got
deleted all right I guess that worked
out
all right everybody that's all I have
for my prepared remarks if you didn't
already know it yes the Dilbert calendar
is available for sale but only at
dilbert.com follow that link to the only
place you can buy it it is not on Amazon
this year and not in bookstores this
year it is only online made completely
in America for the first time and comics
on both sides for the first time Twice
As Good As It Ever Was So you need
it all right to
RAB your your your drunkenness is noted
you can go away
now all right that's all I got I'm going
to talk to the uh locals people
privately and we'll get rid of tab tab
You're Gone in 30 seconds locals coming
at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for