hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams today will be
one of the best coffees with Scott Adams
of all time because we've learned that
coffee is even healthier than we thought
how about that huh yes the recent
science New York Times reports says that
coffee is really really good for you so
not only do we have the delight of the
simultaneous seven but we're all going
to be healthier in a moment those of us
having coffee and all you need to
participate is a cover of margaret glass
detector chelators died in the canteen
jurgen flask a vessel vedic eye and fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee because it's so healthy
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't fit me into the day
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous app go yes science
confirmed I feel healthier don't you I
think you do
alright how bad is it for the Democrats
when one of the biggest conversations is
which candidate Trump would destroy the
most have we stopped even talking about
Democrats winning the presidency I feel
as if the conversation is shifting to
how badly Trump will destroy whoever
gets nominated probably Bernie
speaking of Bernie what does it mean
that Bernie has so much support from
young people what's that tell you well I
could tell you is bribing them with the
money of old people I mean that's
basically what he's doing he's
transferring money from the old to the
young so that'll get some young people
but the problem is
our young people the dumbest among us
and I say this would love because
everybody was young and if they're lucky
they get older and I tried this
following experiment with a teenager in
my in my social world so recently a
teenager was noting that you know she
seemed to be as smart as an adult
doesn't matter the topic and I said this
have you ever noticed that you know more
than you did when you were 6 years old
try to try this with a person in their
20s person in their 20s says Bernie it's
burning it's burning all the way and say
this you know do you think you know as
much as you did when you were 6 years
old or do you know more are you smarter
than you when you were 6 years old now
anybody in their 20s is going to say
yeah obviously
now you say are you smarter than when
you were let's say 14 you know now
you're 25 are you smarter than when you
were 14 years old most people knew
twenties will say oh yeah yeah I'm a lot
smarter and here's here's the punchline
do you think that stops the do you think
that you're not going to be smarter at
40 then you are at 25 do you think
there's any chance of that now you could
argue that when you're 85 you might slow
down and maybe a 25 year old is smarter
than an 85 year old on average could be
but you ask a 25 year old do you think
you're gonna stop growing and you're not
going to get any smarter or do you think
it will be like every other year of your
life where you get more experienced and
smarter because if the people who are
twice as experienced are generally
thinking that the person you're voting
for is a really bad idea
but you don't see it what is the problem
here now you can't really change
people's minds with this argument but
it's a lot of fun get people to first
agree
that youth is associated with lack of
experience and that we know that because
all of us are smarter than we used to be
there's no exception
you can't find anybody who believes they
were smarter of 14 than they were at 25
nobody's going to say that and so we
have to look at the fact that there's a
candidate who's getting a lot of the
young vote and it's not a compliment if
you don't I mean all right I wonder if
there's anybody who will take this
position in voting let's say let's say
Sanders gets nominated will there be
anybody who says I really really don't
want Trump but on the other hand I don't
want Barney to destroy the world with
his socialism so what would you do well
it's because you don't want a Bernie to
destroy the world but you desperately
don't want president Trump anymore how
would you vote I'm wondering if some
people will do this the vote for Bernie
and then vote for all Republicans in
Congress just try to try to flip the
house Republican why because Bernie if
he's elected president means you don't
have President Trump so that that
mission might be accomplished for
somebody who for whom that's the biggest
mission but if you get Republicans in
Congress birdie can't do anything he
doesn't have any power so you can get
rid of Trump without worrying about
Bernie if you also flip the house now I
wonder if I'm not by the way I'm not
suggesting anybody take this path I'm
wondering it's just a question is there
anybody out there who says you know I
just can't take Trump one more year but
I can't take a risk on Bernie so I'm
gonna vote in Republicans to keep him at
bay I mean it could happen you can
imagine somebody voting that way all
right
does does does Bernie have persuasion
skills the way Trump does and here's a
filter I'm going to put
this to let you see the whole race a
little more clearly
generally speaking money will predict
outcomes if you follow the money you're
generally going to be closer to a good
prediction than if you don't
you know ignoring the effect of money is
just always the worst predicting mistake
you could make and right now you have a
situation let's see if you agree with
the way I'm going to frame this
politicians generally tried to bribe
voters somehow I mean it's all bribes
one way or the other
the way Trump tried to do it is he tried
to bribe the American voters with money
from other countries right because Trump
was saying let's close down
immigration which would be bad for the
other countries but his argument would
was that it would be good for especially
in low income voters so he was
explicitly trying to take money out of
the hands of other countries and put it
into the pockets of Americans in other
words bribing Americans to vote for him
look I'll give you money it's going to
come from these other countries and I'll
even make Mexico pay for the wall you
could argue whether that happened or
whether Mexico paying for their forces
on their southern border to keep the
caravans out is sort of like paying for
the wall but the point is Trump said I'm
gonna make other people pay our bills
what did he say about NATO I'm gonna
make other countries for more of the
bill
looks like free money what did Trump say
about about spending instead of being a
deficit Hawk he ran up the deficit
basically Trump said I'm going to give
you money today and it's going to come
out of people in the future I can take
money from the future and give it to you
today
right that's what a debt is somebody in
the future has to pay for it but today
we give free money the other way Trump
gave us free money or tried to bribe us
is by cutting regulations and cutting
taxes to Goose the economy if the
economy's better it creates who creates
money that where it didn't exist before
and then Trump says hey we can all share
on this money so Trump was bribing the
public but bribing us with money that
didn't yet exist and money from other
countries and and money that maybe was
even imaginary that's a that's a pretty
good package because nobody who is a
voter had to say oh I'm gonna give my
money to somebody else it was all
somebody else's money coming to us
that's good persuasion and now let's
look at Bernie I don't know if you'll be
able to see this too clearly but maybe
you will so here's my little chart let's
say Bernie gets the nomination well you
could expect that Republicans are still
gonna vote for Trump because Republicans
are pretty unified right now so whether
you are an older and richer or younger
and poorer citizen if you're if you're a
Republican or even the independent who
usually votes Republican you're still
going to be happy with your choice so
you can expect that Trump will get
pretty much all of the Republican vote
then what about Bernie remember follow
the money
birdies plan is to take money from the
older and/or richer part of the public
it usually tends to be the same right
it's not completely overlapping but it's
the older people who have more money and
he plans to take a lot of that away and
give it to younger people so you should
expect the younger people who would say
hey free money yeah sign me up so if
you're a Democrat and you're younger and
or poorer tends to be the same but
doesn't it have to be you're probably
going to say you know that looks pretty
good to be so I think Bernie could it be
expected to get all of the younger for
Democrats but what about the people
who've got some money or they're a
little richer let's say you were you are
Chris Matthews
let's say Chris Chris Matthews is up in
this top left quadrant and and he's
getting ready for retirement one assumes
you know he's a he's at age where you
started thinking about how much do I
have I earned and what's my retirement
looked like and all that and he's
looking at working all of his life
working really hard amassing a certain
amount of money getting ready to retire
and then Burnie is saying I'm gonna take
that money that you earned fair and
square and I'm gonna give it to people
who ran up big debts
who really shouldn't have let's say
student loans and did not work as hard
as you do for their money yes Chris
Matthews even though he's a Democrat
going to vote to give his money that he
worked all of his life and that was
looking for his retirement and suddenly
Bernie says I want to take the comfort
of your retirement away and give it to
people who did not do the hard work you
did and did not do the right things is
you know what is a what does Chris
Mathews going to do is Chris Matthews
gonna say yes it's good for other people
that I have a less secure retirement and
then I worked hard and then just sort of
gave it to people who didn't is that
going to be okay with Chris Matthews I'm
gonna say no so I don't see any scenario
in which Bernie can get the older richer
that's on his side if you take the
filter that money is determinant so
here's the basic problem Trump will be
bribing the public with money that this
imaginary is future money is potential
money is money from other countries so
no voters are out of pocket for that
stuff and then and Bernie is doing the
opposite you say I'm going to take money
from the people who are above average in
terms of their living conditions and I'm
going to transfer it to people who are
below average all the people above
average should not vote for Bernie if
they're going to vote for their own
self-interest now you assume some people
are going to do it anyway because they
you know want a better world
they're not doing the math good or you
know so people will still take the sub
optimal path but I think money is really
predictive and birdie has a proposition
which is half of the people who should
be voting for him should be able to look
at it and say you know I'm in the half
that's doing okay it's all it's just all
bad for me it's just good for the people
at the bottom
why would I vote for that say the people
who were in the top half
all right does it seem but does it seem
to you that nobody is taking feed Buddha
judge seriously at the moment I feel as
if you know if you look at the last
three contests the Buddha jej either
came on first or second right or he was
near the top and all three contests
shouldn't we be talking really really
seriously about people to judge but
we're not right even the Democrats are
not really taking him seriously and I
think that the the whole power point
attack on him just being sort of an
empty jargon filled suit I think it took
a toll I think Pete went from exciting
and new and you know he's a he's the
shiny new thing and he's smart and he's
fun he's he's good-looking and you know
has a lot of cool things about him but
then you listen to him and it just
sounds like empty jargon talk and I
think as soon as the word PowerPoint was
mentioned I think that was the end of
the end of his political run for this
time so I may be over overstating how
much difference that made but you know
you just don't see any enthusiasm for
him anymore let's say who would you say
is dividing the country if Sanders and
Trump run if you listen to Trump talk
the Trump will be saying and doing
things like this here's me in a room
full of
young black voters cheering me on
because they're Republicans here's me
this is Trump talking here's me praising
black leaders here's me bragging about
lowering black unemployment here's me
bringing us basically bringing everybody
together not insulting Americans
insulting other people but yeah it is
critics but not insulting voters who
were minding my own business and then
there's Sanders do you know what Sanders
is saying have you heard him recently
he's decided that he's going to go full
racist sexist xenophobic homophobic and
first of all none of that even really
lands calling Trump a homophobic that is
so not even close to what I'm observing
are you I mean in what what would you
even look at to claim the Trump is
homophobic it's ridiculous
and the other claims are just warm
warmed up you know the Charlottesville
find people hoax and ridiculousness so
you've got Bernie who's ripping apart
the Democratic Party wouldn't you agree
I mean there's a lot of division with
the Democrats that didn't exist before
it's not something the Trump made Trump
is out there every day saying let's get
together we Americans and that does not
include people who came here illegally
that's his message like it or not that's
his message it's all about coming
together but bernie is all about
separating the rich and the poor making
the rich and the poor enemies making the
republicans look like a bunch of racist
and sexist and it looks to me like
bernie is just ripping the fabric of the
country apart to get elected
am i wrong would would that look like a
biased statement today now if you were
looking at candidate Trump in 2015 and
comparing him to candidate Sanders in
2020 you'd probably say oh you know
there's two candidates who
like they're they're trying to divide
the country that was candidate Trump but
President Trump is funding the
historically black colleges used to in
prison reform he's bragging about black
unemployment being low he doesn't look
like he's dividing the country to me he
looks like everything he's doing is to
bring it together and Bernie is working
as hard as they can to divide it because
that's his path to the to victory I
imagine he thinks so certainly we could
not accept that Trump is the one
dividing the country it's just not
happening now if you said he used to be
that way and his rhetoric you used to be
more more dividing I would say yeah
that's probably true I would say that's
probably true it's just not true down so
there's anybody taking Joe Biden
seriously did you hear the two the two
things he said this week I guess he told
audiences three times in the last two
weeks that he was arrested 40 years ago
in South Africa while trying to meet
Nelson Mandela except there is no
evidence independent of him saying it
recently that that ever happened Joe
Biden seems to have hallucinate it some
some history of his own in which he
tried to meet Nelson Mandela in South
Africa and got arrested but it's better
than that he also told audiences that
his deceased son had been the Attorney
General of the United States which he
hadn't been have you been an attorney
general of a state or something that's
probably what he was thinking I don't
know that resume of his deceased son but
those are some pretty big departures
from reality and at this point I don't
think anybody takes Biden seriously much
losses on the team all right
I'm fascinated by how the media moguls
are going to hinder
the handle of Bernie Sanders let's say
you're Jeff Zucker Jeff Zucker
makes a lot of money does Jeff Zucker
want to live in a world where Bernie
Sanders takes Jeff suckers money away
and gives it to other people I'm gonna
say no I mean I'm not gonna read his
mind I can't read Jeff soccers mind he
might be the greatest guy in the world
and he just thinks you know other people
should take my money but I suspect that
anybody who wanted to have less money so
that poor people could have more they
certainly have ways to do that it's
called charity you can give away as much
as your money as you want
so if Jeff Zucker you know wanted to
give away Ellen's money he could do that
without Bernie Sanders and I'm guessing
they he doesn't want to do that so what
is CNN do when they've got Trump who is
their nemesis they of course have to say
bad things about him that's their
business model but they can't really
promote Sanders because he's gonna be
really expensive for the talent and the
owners of CNN he had the managers it
would be a disaster for them the same as
it would be a disaster for me you know I
I would suffer greatly financially under
a Bernie Sanders regime so I think we're
starting to get the answer to that
because on CNN they recently hired Joe
Lockhart and Joe Lockhart writes this
article on CNN their website saying that
Bloomberg needs to take out Bernie and
quickly can you imagine that's sort of
shocking isn't it that they would hire
and a very anti Trumper guy Joe Lockhart
and he is super you know super partisan
anteye Trumper and they let him write in
an opinion piece on CNN basically anti
Bernie it's pretty much anti Bernie so I
think CNN doesn't want to take sides
with Bernie what would that look like
well I wonder what is their business
model even gonna look like
because they had a really clean model
which was Democrats of the world united
against this evil trump guy and that
worked really well but what if they
don't like either one what do they do
what do they do with that so I think CNN
is going to have to try pretty hard to
take Bernie out and we have this weird
enemy of my enemy situation in which CNN
and Republicans are going to be on the
same side so look for that how wonderful
is it that the two top candidates to run
against Trump the you know the the the
Democrats had you know years to prepare
they know exactly what they were up
against you know President Trump is a
really well known quantity so they knew
exactly what kind of candidate would
match up well and what they picked were
one billionaire who's got accusations of
sexism racism and foreign entanglements
okay that's one of the choices that they
came up with after years of thinking
about what would be a good match up with
Trump and the other one is literally a
con man you know there's there's no
other way to say what Bernie is doing
because I don't think Bernie believes
his math works right you know I need to
be a mind reader because I can't tell
what's in his head but do you get into
any indication that Bernie Sanders
believes that despite whatever stand and
anybody who can do math tells him that
he alone knows how to make the math work
and it'll all work out I don't know if I
had to guess again I'm not a mind reader
but I don't think there's any chance
that Bernie thinks that the proposals
he's pushing are actually practical do
you I mean he does seem like he acts
like a true believer but I my guess is
that he wants to push things in that
direction at least as far as they'll go
so I don't think and again this is just
speculation
because I'm not a mind-reader but I
would guess that Bernie wants to push it
in that direction as far as it'll go and
he doesn't know how far that is but
probably doesn't think it would go all
the way to the extremes that he's
promoting so I don't know it looks to me
like bernie is essentially a con artist
who's saying I'm gonna take money from
other citizens and give it to you if you
vote for me and it just doesn't look
like leadership it just looks like a con
he's just taking money from one pocket
and putting it in another and he's the
one who benefits how in the world will
president Trump compete against Bernie
saying he would forgive the student debt
because if you're a student or you have
some debt or even if you have a family
member who has a lot of student debt
that's a really attractive thing right
so let me suggest one way the President
Trump could take the issue of student
debt completely off the table are you
ready for it here it is President Trump
could say and I'm by the way I don't
think you will do this so I just like
thinking through the persuasive
techniques so this is just a thought
experiment but president Trump could say
you know Bernie wants to forgive all
student debt I'll tell you what if the
Congress passes such a law
I'll sign it now your first reaction to
that is what the hell that would put
President Trump in the same place as
Bernie just you know just wiping off
debt of the people who made what looked
like the wrong choices and the people
who were hard workers and paid off their
debt they get nothing they get nothing
you know and you're suggesting Scott
that the president should say he would
sign such a bill here's the thing if
Congress passed it it would mean that
both Democrats and Republicans and
representatives of the people wanted it
to happen by majority if you're the
President of the United States and if
you're the presidents of the United
States and both both houses of Congress
or at least the majority and the people
who closest to the people say by a
majority yeah we want this law I kind of
think the president ought to sign it
just in general now if it had a let's
say you know a National Defense element
to it or if it were discriminatory
against some disadvantaged group well
then the president should step in and
say yeah I get that the will of the
people want to do this but this is mob
law and that's why you happy you had me
to stop mob law but there's nothing like
mob lawdness
this would be rational people who look
at the choices and hypothetically
Republicans and Democrats got together
in sufficient number to say yeah we're
gonna vote away all of the student debt
now I think there's no chance that it
would ever happen so that's the first
part there's no chance would happen but
what if it did no what if it did I would
say the president should sign it even if
you don't like it because it would be
actually a pretty fair representation of
the will of the people their
representatives would say you know my
people kind of want this so I'm gonna be
for it I think the president could
completely take the issue off the table
by saying you know Bernie is just saying
that if Congress gives them that bill
he'll sign it well guess what if the
public wants it that much that it can
get through Congress I'll sign it to
take so completely off the table
right because I don't think it would
ever get through Congress but it has to
get through Congress whether it's Bernie
or Trump in order for a president even
to be part of the decision all right
there's a in no particular order Oh Tom
Tom cotton was tweeting because
apparently China has determined or at
least their current opinion is that the
the Wuhan
market was not the cause of the corona
virus outbreak so the current of
thinking which I'm sure is subject to
revision but the current of thinking is
that China doesn't know where it came
from or at least they're not saying they
know where it came from so Tom cotton
gotten Senator Tom cotton got in a
little trouble because he he had
suggested that we can't rule out the
Wuhan weapons plant because wouldn't
that be a big coincidence that a bio
weapon plant was right near where where
a serious coronavirus broke out but he
wasn't saying I think that's what I was
he was simply saying you got to keep
that option open and then the only other
option just got eliminated right there
are only two options on the table that I
know of one was that it came from
animals that were you know not prepared
in the safest way I guess and the others
that came from a bio lab and we just
eliminated animals now that doesn't mean
it's the bio lab right it probably means
that we don't know where it came from
and you know they're probably a thousand
ways that could have gotten there that I
can't think of but cotton you might be
closer to the truth than you thought all
right so there's some leaked pages from
Twitter meaning because it's a leak we
don't know if Twitter is really planning
to do this or if these are just tests
and demos but there are some leaked
pages showing at least indicating that
Twitter is considering marking untrue
things as lies in other words
highlighting them with let's say an
orange color a little tag that says this
tweet is not true
now my first reaction to that was yeah
that could be kind of helpful yeah I
would like I would like to have
something flagged
I mean I'll use my own judgment on it
after the fact but it would help me if
they flagged things that at least some
other people say are not true I think
that would be useful I could make up my
own mind I could still see it you know I
can check links etc and then I thought
wait a minute what guess who gets him
flagged by whom so somebody's saying in
the comments then my second thought was
wait a minute yeah who gets to decide we
watch we watch every day as people who
are well-meaning can't decide what's
true looking at the same information so
I just don't know there's any way to get
there now what I wouldn't mind is if
there was a point in the counterpoint
you know if they flagged it in orange
and said this is a disputed fact I would
be completely happy with disputed if at
the same time there was a link to the
dispute on either side so if something
was flagged as potentially not true and
that I could see if the people who say
it's not true and I could see the
argument that says it is true right next
to each other I'd like that
and then I don't have to worry about
whether it's true or false I can simply
note that people disagree with it I can
look alright so there might be something
good coming we'll see lawrence O'Donnell
over at MSNBC I can't tell if he's lying
or crazy or acting and I'm fascinated by
it I couldn't look away but he did this
big thing saying the president is a
Russian operative this is yesterday
right this is this is not even during
the Russia
collusion hoax but as recently as
yesterday I think us or day before the
president is a Russian operative that
sounds like the description of a bad
Hollywood screenplay but it is real and
it is Vladimir Putin
greatest achievement Lawrence O'Donnell
actually sent that sentence on TV and
and then he goes on about how you know
Putin owns Trump and I think to myself
does he even believe any of that I don't
I can't tell can you
does he because he looks crazy like to
my eyes he looks he looks crazy like
like he's at a cognitive dissonance
bubble or or TDS or something but it
looks actually crazy so but who knows
maybe he's just making James Carville
said something that made me pause no
matter what you want to say about James
Carville he is a smart guy and a
straight talker and every now and then
he'll just say something that would just
knock you off your chair and make you
really think he's good at that and
here's one of the things he said then
why I didn't think of this I don't I
don't know but he said that that if
Russians are trying to help a burny it's
not because they want him to be
president it's because they know he's so
weak he lose to trump so in other words
Carville is saying that Russia only
wants to help Trump and I either do it
directly through there you know hacking
in social media or they do it indirectly
by promoting Sanders as the competitor
because he doesn't have a chance of
winning and I thought to myself I had
never really thought of that
interpretation and yet it's kind of
obvious it's sitting right there
like why in the world did that not occur
to me and I'm not sure it's true but I'm
shocked that it wasn't obvious to me
that Russia you know could play the pro
trump card two different ways by
supporting him directly
or by supporting Sanders but here's the
thing National Security Advisor Robert
O'Brien who has access to all the
intelligence says that he's not he's
seen no intelligence to support the
claim that that Trump is being helped by
Russian there's no so one of the guys
who has access to all the information
says there's nothing there there would
suggest Russia is helping Trump now
here's what I'm going to add to it that
James Carville needs to listen to me all
right James Carville I don't think
you'll ever see this but let me give you
a twist on this because you you sort of
blew me away with that fairly obvious
insight that for whatever reason escaped
my my my filter but here's one for you
James Carville if if Russia wanted Trump
to get elected isn't the best thing they
could do stay completely out of it
I mean seriously because they're
watching the same stuff we're watching
and they know who's likely to run
against them I don't think at this point
they see anybody who could beat him so
wouldn't the dumbest worst stupidest
thing that Russia could do is clumsily
do the same things they did before and
easily got caught in other words make
some memes and trying to hack stuff
apparently we can catch them when they
do that why would they do that again
of all the things of all the things that
would not help Trump the worst thing
that Russia could do by far by a hundred
to one the worst thing they could do is
try to help Trump there's nothing they
could do that would be worse than that
if they wanted him to get elected right
now James Carville what do you say to
that
do you think Russia is simultaneously so
brilliant that they could do all these
clever schemes because they're so smart
but at the same time they're so stupid
that the schemes they tried last time
were weak and pathetic
had no effect whatsoever and they got
caught oh so they're gonna do some more
to that stuff the stuff that's weak and
pathetic and they're definitely gonna
get caught because they're such geniuses
that's their plan
none of it makes sense alright so you
know you're being lied to
we just don't know what the truth is
let's see what else we got going on so
California might might be heading in the
right direction on this homelessness
stuff so gavin newsom seems to be
learning because he's made the
homelessness thing high priority so
that's good and he's also made some
mobile I guess some mobile trailer homes
available for homeless in this short
term and that's good ish but remember
it's not really a problem of people
finding homes it's a problem of
addiction and mental illness but it
seems that according to an article by
Joel Pollak in Breitbart it seems that
Newsom is looking hard at legislation
that wouldn't allow a doctor to
basically take somebody off the street
now I don't know what that would look
like but you know that I think he's
getting close to what I would call the
dr. drew insight about homelessness and
I'm guessing the probably dr. drew broke
through I think probably he was the one
who's influenced on this this topic is
probably the one that broke through and
that was the idea that you have to deal
with the homelessness problem as a as an
addiction and mental health problem and
now Newsom is starting to talk in those
terms and talking about needing
legislation to effectively force people
into treatment because if you take away
the involuntary part there's nothing
there there's nothing you could do you
could build houses all day long and
people will still have mental health and
addiction problems and they won't
in those houses or they will ruin them
so and then the other thing that
California is doing is looking to make
some state land available for resettling
the homeless but also through some
experimenting and also to reduce some of
the permitting make it easier to build a
low-cost place just for the homeless
that that's all good that's all pretty
good stuff so I would say
congratulations to dr. drew because I
think probably dr. drew you're the one
who who broke through and got everybody
at least thinking and the right
productive line still a lot of work to
do but at least the the thinking seems
to be right so that's pretty positive
all right um so you got that and I think
that's about all I was going to talk
about today anything else happening for
you I'm just looking at your comments
now yeah providing a hundred trailers
for the 10,000 homeless or whatever it
is it's just uh it's a small thing but
at least maybe they'll learn something
from it
what did Houston do somebody says a
Houston reduced their homeless but I
don't know about that
talk about a Oh see I saw a OC was
getting some some heat because she wore
an expensive ish dress of the view but
you know really you know if you're if
we're mocking women for the the dress
they wear we're just not I mean you're
just not being productive so and by the
way it was a really it was a really good
dress so in terms of the fashion I would
say a plus but otherwise I don't think
we should care about with the dress
navall disagrees with me on the slippery
slope
well I think if we were in the same room
we probably would not disagree some of
it is just your choice of words it is
true that things that sometimes go in
one direction but it's not because
there's something called a slippery
slope it's just true that some things
will go in one direction until something
stops them it's just a better way to
think of it
yeah the Phil Haney apparent suicide I'm
kind of watching that story but you know
people do kill themselves so I'm not
going to immediately jump into the
there's something fishy here he was a
whistleblower so you have to you
definitely have to question that one
Scott have you ever thought of moving
out of California yes I think about it
almost every day you know if you live in
either California or New York and you
have a high income it doesn't make sense
anymore because tax wise it's a it's a
disaster to be in the state so some of
my smartest friends have recently moved
at a California to Florida and to Texas
for the better tax treatment and if I
did not have you know ties locally I
would definitely move but I have a lot
of ties locally Healthcare is still a
GOP blind spot absolutely
you know if the GOP doesn't offer a good
argument for health care a good plan for
making it better
Bernie deserves to win you know if it's
Bernie so you know if the president
loses and he doesn't have a good health
care argument or plan or persuasion he's
just sort of you know abandoning that
argument if that happens then he
deserves to lose because that's a high
priority and it's not being addressed
and if the president doesn't address it
well maybe maybe birdie can take a shot
at
yeah a Clint Eastwood is saying good
things about Bloomberg I don't think
Clint Eastwood's opinion matters or any
any one person's opinion yeah you know
the other thing I don't like about
Florida is the bugs and the humidity so
if you could get rid of those maybe
you'd have something and of course the
yeah you've got the Hurricanes all right
that's all for now I'll talk to you all
later