oh it's time it's time everybody come on
in here yeah you're on time good work
those of you planned accordingly we're
getting ready to jump in here and get it
while it's fresh gotta get it while it's
fresh
ask-ask deejay dr. funk juice he'll tell
you gotta get it when it's fresh or you
can do it on replay it's also good then
but if you'd like to enjoy it now with
optimal optimal experience you're gonna
want to do the simultaneous hip and to
be prepared for that all you need is a
cover of mug or a glass so tanker
chalices diet I can't change Agra flasks
a festival event in KY and fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine you know the day
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go it's almost like
this coffee is so good that hearts are
just coming out of it see what I'm doing
it's an illusion all right let's talk
about the only thing that the news cares
about this week Bloomberg so it turns
out we found a candidate who in his own
way might be as interesting as Trump now
of course he's only interesting because
of his matchup with Trump so it's really
all about Trump still but Mike Bloomberg
is he's a he's making that and he's
making a run here now all of the we'll
talk about Mike Bloomberg's persuasion
game in a minute
but there's something interesting that
anti jumpers have to hold it in their
hand as true in order for them to figure
out why they need to replace Trump and
this is it you're gonna laugh when you
hear this because I swear I'm not making
anything up everything I'm gonna say I
think you would you would verify as and
you're a description of the world in
order to be a Democrat who was
anti-trump and thinks say he really
needs to be removed for all of his evil
all of his incredible evil and
incompetence in order to believe that
you would also have to believe that it's
a special kind of evil and incompetence
that doesn't kick in for four years see
where I'm coming from
apparently in order to think that
everything they believe about Trump is
true and has always been true the only
way you can explain it based on what
we're observing is that it's a special
kind of evil with the four-year fuse so
really the first four years not much
happened that seen bad news things look
like they went pretty well for four
years objectively speaking sure you can
pick out things you wish were better but
the last four years certainly were
anywhere near what people predicted
would happen so in order to hold that
illusion you've got a paper over it as
as you observe things which disconfirm
your belief you have to quickly paper
them over oh paper that over and by
Election Day 2020 what they're gonna
have to paper over is why they believe
that Trump has a special kind of evil
and incompetence that waits for years
before it shows his head now of course
they would say we've been seeing it all
along look at this or that he did but
it's hard to point to anything you can
actually measure that would be an
evidence of that the the counter
examples of that would be the national
debt but I think everybody's unhappy
about that in the same amount and
probably whoever was president would've
done the same thing but think about the
mental gymnastics you have to go through
to say it's a special evil that waits
for years before it kicks in I saw it in
view I'm not sure who it was was
interviewing Joe Biden
it was challenging him about the Obama
administration putting kids in cages
and oh it was it was kind of sad trying
to watch Joe Biden escape the trap
because Joe Biden is no President Trump
Trump can escape traps you famously
remember the only Rosie O'Donnell escape
one of the greatest one of the greatest
Houdini escapes from a trick question
you've ever seen in your life or our
trap question that wasn't the track but
Biden just he just didn't didn't get it
done
so Biden's got a kid in cages problem
because even the question is damaging
independent of what of what he answers
now that now that people are willing to
ask the question it's the question
that's the problem nobody really
believes the answers anyway when they
come from politicians all right let's
talk about Bloomberg there's a report
that Bloomberg hired an expert on
narcissism and a comedy writer so he
hired two people one is an expert on
narcissism and the other dose had a
right humor I'm thinking to myself I
guess he doesn't have the budget to hire
me because I could do both of those jobs
oh I wouldn't call myself an expert on
narcissism but I have lived with myself
for a quite a few years and I've
observed myself and so while I'm not
technically an expert on narcissism I
think I know what it feels like from the
inside out and I write humor for a
living so one billion dollars is my
price Mike Bloomberg if you're listening
it's kind of a bargain for 1 billion
dollars I will consult with you Mike
Bloomberg that price will go up every
month until Election Day so next month
it'll be 1.1 billion
I made this offer to Hillary Clinton in
2016 and she didn't take it now do you
think it would have been worth a billion
oh and here's the catch I know Mike
Bloomberg you like do you like to
negotiate
your business guy so here's the deal I
won't take a penny if you lose if you
lose the election I won't take a penny
free consulting you just keep it all but
if I win in other words if you get
elected because of my excellent
consulting my expertise on narcissism
and my humor rating I will take 1.1
billion next month if you if you get in
early you can get the discount to save
one hundred million dollars who doesn't
want to save a hundred million dollars
I mean seriously I'm looking at the
comments saying would you actually work
for him do you think he's going to give
me a billion dollars so those of you who
are not not too good at determining what
is serious and what is not can maybe
talk among yourselves to the others all
right we will talk about Hillary alright
let's talk about Hillary so I guess it
was Drudge Report broke this story that
is the biggest non story in the world it
was all the headlines it was all the
chatter yesterday and it's literally
nothing and the story was that the
Bloomberg campaign is considering asking
Hillary Clinton to be the vice president
it was like all over the news
now what's wrong with that story let me
tell you do you know which other
candidates running for president on the
Democrat side do you know which other
candidates also considered asking
Hillary Clinton to be their vice
president the answer is all of them all
of them they all considered it if they
didn't they're idiots because it's
certain it's on the it's on the plate
it's one of the things that they all
should have considered now that doesn't
mean that they would like to do it it
doesn't mean they considered it and said
yes or that they considered it and said
no or that they've even decided because
it would be too early to decide one way
or the other it is simply true
that all of them considered it so what
is so what is the breaking news
yesterday the Bloomberg considered it
that's not news what's the opposite of
news let me give you some more breaking
highlights from yesterday Mike Bloomberg
breathe oxygen yesterday yeah so Mike
Bloomberg ate lunch yesterday yeah and
those are more to this story because
it's lacking a little bit of punch
doesn't have that dog doesn't have that
man bites dog quality to it so ignore
all of that apparently yeah the the
detail of the story is that they had
some internal polling showing that a
combination of Hillary and and Bloomberg
would win against Trump okay sure
because the combination of Bloomberg and
and Hillary Clinton would there would be
no targets there with their president
Trump would have a tough time attacking
that duo wouldn't he are you freaking
kidding me would you pair the woman who
protected Bill Clinton against all
manner of accusations true and probably
some of them false but most of them true
I assume would you pair him with the guy
who's being accused of exactly the same
stuff at this moment probably not would
the Hillary Clinton ever allow herself
to go from keep this in mind her current
status is someone who claims as she's
sort of kind of won the presidency
because she got the popular vote oh yeah
yeah we all understand that that doesn't
mean she's President Bush that's her
current claim what if she runs as vice
president that's not really a step
forward is it do you think Hillary
Clinton was the what might be the last
move of her political career to be
losing to trump a second time except
this time as vice president
I don't think so can you imagine
Hilary's ego taking the number-2 spot
because the number one guy is really
really rich
there isn't any there's no scenario in
the whole world except one where I could
imagine that happening are you ready
here's the one scenario if my blue Berg
plans in advance to step down after he
gets elected so that would make Hillary
the winner without ever having to
actually do much to run for president in
fact that you know that would that would
be a diabolically clever approach I'm
not saying he's going to do this but
just you know play it through your mind
imagine if Bloomberg said here's the
deal I'm gonna run for president Hillary
will be my VP so we've got some you know
good connections and you know and you
know on all the right people who know
where all the keys are kept and you know
she could step in any moment if
something happened because I'm I'm older
so you can imagine him saying that but
what people are really thinking is
you're really just electing Hillary
Clinton she wouldn't even have to
campaign she wouldn't even have to leave
what she was doing she just stay on her
book tour she could just you know stay
home and take questions cuz everybody
knows who Hillary Clinton is she doesn't
need to she doesn't need to tell people
her qualifications she doesn't even need
to explain why Mike Bloomberg would be a
good president she could simply just go
on with her life be named as vice
president and then when Bloomberg gets
elected if you just say huh trick I quit
Hillary's your president so I don't
think that's the plan he's playing so I
don't think there's any chance the
Hillary would join as a real vice
president who plans to be the number two
job and and retire in that role I guess
all right it feels like it feels like if
you were to start from nothing and try
to build a candidate who would be the
worst matchup for Trump would it be Mike
Bloomberg I mean you could argue that it
would be Bernie because
socialism against
capitalism is sort of dead on arrival so
you know birdie is a sure sure thing to
lose because of his policies because I
can't see him even getting enough
Democrats to vote for that that he could
get it over the top but if you were to
design a more standard politician
someone who's not trying to sell you the
full socialist package and you were you
were trying to design them as poorly as
possible wouldn't it be Bloomberg
because if you think about it everything
that you dislike about Trump if you're a
anti Trump er you can find at least a
little bit of it in Bloomberg so bloom's
Bloomberg has a history of sexual
related accusations sound familiar
and let's be serious any billionaire
that aged male or female it's got some
sexual stories they need to explain it's
just universally true don't tell me
there's you know don't give me the story
about the billionaire who you know who
never wandered that's just not a thing
all right so he's got that that
environment or I'm sorry then Bloomberg
also has that problem with stop and
frisk so he's got a problem with women
he's got a problem with minorities he is
way too old white guy from New York
billionaire with entanglements and with
a major country with which we are an
adversary now in in Bloomberg's case
he's got a China situation that he would
need to explain and then you know throw
on there that he's boring he has no
charisma he had to hire he had to hire a
joke writer do you think Trump hired a
joke writer no no he did not
nope I well I mean I could be surprised
I suppose anything anything's possible
but when you read Trump's funny tweets
and the funny stuff he says in his
speeches none
of them look prepared you know none of
it looks like it went through a
consultant or some expert it really
looks like his it's his voice so I don't
know how Bloomberg could possibly win
against us now if you haven't read up on
there's some kind of a compilation of
Mike Bloomberg offensive things he said
that is making the rounds I guess it
makes the rounds every time he's run for
office somebody brings up the fact that
within the Bloomberg organization some
person or people compiled a list of all
of his sort of provocative and naughty
quotes and there is one topic that comes
up over and over again and I don't want
to say the top I don't want to say the
topic but if you read what he is accused
of frequently referring to it's a two
word thing the first the first word
starts with the B and the second word
starts with J and apparently he can make
a B J an elegy or reference in just
about any topic the only thing that
would cause me to suddenly back at
Bloomberg for president is if he was
willing to take that kind of talk into
the presidency if you could give me a
president who whenever he's talking to a
foreign leader he throws in a bj analogy
which apparently Bloomberg did on the
regular when he was just the CEO of
Bloomberg but to put it in context I
don't believe that's been happening in
recent years because you know
sensibilities have have certainly let's
say evolved so even he would know not to
do that today I'm sure but he's got a
lot of explaining to do now there are a
few accusations of things he is supposed
to have said in the past that I'm gonna
say I don't quite believe all right so
here's one of the accusations is that
Bloomberg allegedly with a with a big
question mark on allegedly here for me
there was some employee who said she was
pregnant and Bloomberg allegedly said
some version of are you going to kill it
now I wasn't there and I can't read
minds
but on its surface if you don't know
anything else about the story does that
sound like something that happened I'm
gonna say no now if you told me he did
ask the question about whether she
wanted to you know take it to term or
not I would believe that I mean that
would be a deeply offensive question but
I could certainly believe you might have
asked but do you think he actually used
these words are you going to kill it
mm-hmm you know you can't rule it out
right because that sort of anything's
possible people can surprise you you
know people have a public face but maybe
they have a darker side I'm gonna say no
I'm gonna say no I think that if you
want to find reasons to dislike
Bloomberg you need to look beyond that
one
because that doesn't even that's not
even a little bit credible there let me
give you some context on this as a as a
famous person myself I'm often the
subject of accusations some true some
false and some of the false ones are so
ridiculous that people should be able to
say on the surface okay I just on the
surface I don't even need to hear your
side of his Scott I don't even need to
hear the context because on the surface
it's obviously baloney so if you heard a
rumor that I was in favor of you know
eating babies so let's say tomorrow
there's a headline that says Dilbert
cartoonist comes out in favor of
cannibalism but only babies because
they're tender why should it be your
first thought about that your first
thought should be no he didn't say that
he didn't say that whatever he said may
have sounded to somebody like that but
on the surface you didn't say that
so this is quoted about Bloomberg you
know are you gonna kill your baby
on the surface you know maybe maybe but
I'm gonna go with didn't happen then
he's got another quote that somebody was
having trouble finding a nanny for their
baby and then Bloomberg is alleged again
with a big question mark and alleged to
say something like this that she could
find quote a black to watch it and the
person doesn't even need to speak
English because it's just a baby you
just have to make sure you get the baby
out of the buildings on fire
so I'm paraphrasing but the the
offensive part was he's alleged to say
you just have to find a black to watch
it does that sound like something he
said because it doesn't really sound
like a sentence like who who would say
that sentence so I've got a question
mark on that alright
but again baby you know anything's
possible but I would say those are the
two that are least likely alright so in
response to these accusations of things
that Bloomberg allegedly said in the
past this is what is campaign cent and I
want to I want to pull this spark
because there's a lot of persuasion in
here or lack thereof alright so in
response to terrible things Bloomberg is
alleged to have said in his past the
campaign issues the statement virtually
all of this has been reported over the
past two decades so does that mean he
did it he didn't do it does he feel bad
about it does he does he run away from
those comments we don't know the first
sentence is that it's been reported
before okay and they go on in any large
organization there are going to be
complaints what but Mike simply does not
tolerate any kind of discrimination or
harassment and he's created cultures
that are all about equality and
inclusion
so they so they they give some context
in any large organization they're going
to be complaints this is a bad misuse of
the Steve Jobs technique now I hope they
didn't get this for me because I've
written about this and in fact my my
comments on this made it into the figure
whistle was it the Walter Isaacson
biography of jobs called jobs and it
tells that story of where when Steve
Jobs have the problem with the antenna
gate when the iPhone would cut off if
your finger touched the wrong part of
the phone most embarrassing problem you
could have if you're making a handheld
device well it's a handheld device but
it won't work if you hold it in your
hand and Steve Jobs when he finally
commented on this said you know a more
brilliant version of this but he said
yeah we're we want to make our customers
happy
all cell phone companies have problems
this is what we're going to do now in
his case it made a lot of sense to
broaden the question instead of saying
doesn't there's a Apple have a special
problem
he said all smartphones had problems and
suddenly the news started looking at
other cell phones they said is true they
all have problems it's a new technology
he just put it in a whole new context
but that doesn't work with sexual
harassment complaints you can't use that
technique with sexual harassment you can
use it with a technical bug on your
phone but you can't say you can't you
can't wipe that away by saying and then
you'll argue a large organization there
are going to be complaints and I'm
thinking that didn't make it better now
in any large technological situation
you're going to have bugs and people's
go well that's reasonable you know we
wish it didn't happen but yeah any new
technology you're going to have some
bugs so people get that but would you
ever accept yeah a person don't let's
not call it Bloomberg but a person a
person was sexual harassing in the past
but you know in any large organization
you
again a lot of sexual harassment so put
it in context totally the wrong
persuasion to use in this situation
because there's no explaining away that
behavior based on the fact that other
people are complaining in large
organizations but they tried and then
then it brought it to the present which
that part was good and they say he
doesn't tolerate any of this behavior at
the moment I'm adding the at the moment
part so I think what they're trying to
do is is just say it wasn't that
important let's focus on the present and
I think maybe their instinct was wrong
but I'm not sure that that message was
the best here's my persuasion rule
people like a reformed sinner more than
they like a liar so the candidate who
can say yeah you know you got me not
only do you got me I did more of that
too
I did the things I was accused of doing
and man do I see how wrong that is now
at the time I don't know what I was
thinking
you know I apologize to anybody who was
hurt but I'm not that person anymore
that I would fight hard to make sure
that there are no people like that
around me now that would be an example
of a reformed sinner here's the
alternative I did do that they're all
liars they're all liars which one do you
like more well it depends if you believe
them if you believe that the accusations
are false then the person who is lying
about it wins but I think most of us
sorta suspect there's something there
when there are accusations it's unfair
but we're sort of biased or thinking
that the accused are guilty even when
many times they're not
but we're biased to think that I know I
think that I think Bloomberg would be
stronger if he said you know we were
less enlightened back then and if there
are any of you who are still if any of
you today are like I was in the 80s let
me help you let me help you grow out of
that because I wish I had never gone
through it I wish I had never been
that way but at least I understand now
what the cost was that what I did wrong
and if they and I understand that world
then they'll help you I'll help you grow
and of it too they have something like
that I would say oh that guy was bad
before he's not so bad now not so bad
now but he was bad before and he just
owned it so keep that in mind I reformed
his sinner if you do it right you have
to do it right the execution matters but
a reformed sinner it could be more
popular than somebody you say well I
think maybe they did it they're just
lying about it all right
I was watching hilariously scientist
Richard Dawkins get in trouble online
and an alert an alert reader noted that
the the people who were mad at this
famous scientist were not themselves
scientists you know I am saying this my
book loser thing talks about how people
who have experience in different domains
are more qualified to think productively
because you learn to think differently
in different domains and so famous
scientist and famous famous atheist
which doesn't matter to the story but
that's why he's famous Richard Dawkins I
think he what would be his field of
science biology or more I'm not sure
exactly his scientific resume but
evolutionary biology is certainly a big
part of plus other plus other things I'm
sure so he's talking about eugenics the
idea of breeding humans to have some
improved qualities according to
somebody's subjective opinion and this
is what Richard Dawkins says on the
topic of that now keep in mind he knows
it's yeah he knows it's a full of
landmines this is a really touchy topic
so he's going to go careful he's going
to be very clear about what he says so
he doesn't get in any trouble
alright so watch the clarity of this
statement it's one thing to deplore
eugenics on ideological political moral
grounds it's quite another to conclude
that it wouldn't work in practice of
course it would
it works for cows horses pigs dogs and
roses why on earth wouldn't it work for
humans facts ignore ideology so his very
first sentence is is it's a different
different topic if you're talking about
the moral ethical political ideological
stuff so he's telling you that what
follows has nothing to do with that do
you think that those people who read his
tweet took him exactly the way he said
it which is from a mechanical factual
perspective of course it would work you
could read people to have different
characteristics because you didn't do it
with roses you can do with animals of
course you could do it with people it
would just have issues on political
moral ideological grounds so here's the
fun part
I'm gonna read you the some of the
pushback and then we're gonna see if you
can guess what kind of job they have the
person pushing back all right so a
scientist clearly says it would work
here's some pushback from a guy named
Scott Lynch
he says you absolute pinheaded simpleton
it doesn't work in practice because too
many of the goals turn out to be
arbitrary fantasies and too many of
those fantasies are the pet projects of
abuse of biggest who F up any
civilization and get they get their
hands on ya
are you new here and then he uses a
another bad word okay so he clearly
didn't understand the point that the
scientist was just saying scientifically
it works you can make up your own mind
about the ethics and the practicality of
it what's his job
author author okay so that's what the
author says here's another comment see
if you can guess the job this is from
Dan Hicks he
says this is racist trash Richard the
analogy you draw here between the
ideology of eugenics and the
domestication of cows or horses is false
dangerous and historically illiterate
okay so here's somebody who didn't
understand the point at all what kind of
job does Dan Hicks have looks like
college professor of he studies art he's
a art anthropologist his field as art
and anthropology okay here's another one
here's another guy who just says it's
time to delete this one buddy in other
words he doesn't even have to give the
reasons it's just so obvious there's
still time to delete this one buddy
what job did the person who tweeted that
half let's check musician all right so
the so people are now noticing the the
correlation none of the people who
criticized Dawkins understood it nobody
understood him to say this is the stuff
I'm not talking about so let's not talk
about it here's what I am talking about
if you'd like to talk about that I'll
talk about that you know does it work
but I'm not talking about this other
stuff and then three of his critics jump
in because artists can't separate
artists conflate engineers and
scientists separate so if somebody is
that lets say a lawyer economist
business person scientist if they've
gone through one of those fields they
tend to isolate variables and say okay
this one doesn't affect this one let's
look at them individually artists
musicians and authors say everything
affects everything else it's all one big
ball you can't claim it doesn't matter
that it's associated with this other
thing so you'll see that pretty pretty
commonly all right I'll believe you
that's just about all I had to talk
about anything else going on today
somebody said I understood it and it was
really vile what was well it was really
vile that you understood
did you was the vial part the part you
agree with because if you're saying that
Richard Dawkins comment is vile well
part because he didn't make a comment on
whether it was good or bad and practical
or political or anything he didn't make
a comment he just said it works do you
disagree with the fact or do you think
it's gonna lead to the end of the world
or something alright the truth is
sometimes vile people say yeah alright
so that's all I have for today yeah
we're all talking about President Trump
doing a lap at the Daytona 500 and the
Beast the presidential car I guess if
that's if if that's what we're talking
about it's it's a good time if that's
what we're talking about somebody asked
if yang is a possible VP picked I would
say no because you want your VP to be
somebody who knows where where all the
keys and the locks are in government
yang would be not as able as someone
else to walk into the top job as quickly
all right that's all I got for now I'll
talk to you tomorrow