but I'm put bum bum bum bum bum
Joanne always here first quiet lion
coming in second hey everybody it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams this is the
the travel version how does somebody got
engaged last night congratulations
Cameron Bruce Bruce a lot of people
named Bruce I'm here today well it's
time to raise your glass your copier mug
you're jealous you're Stein fill it with
your favorite liquid before you lift it
I like coffee join me for the
simultaneous sip mm-hmm so I'm seeing
that Burma is in the house and my Mr Man
everybody's here so the news is kind of
boring but busy if you noticed that yeah
this is a terrible camera angle but
about that setting better slightly
improved
so it's too early to have an opinion on
any of these staff changes we're talking
about Kelly might leave and knickers
might come in and we've got a new UN
representative and maybe a new Attorney
General and it's all great fodder for
the news because you can chat about that
stuff all day long but I'm sure all
these people are qualified and probably
it's going to be a lot of chatter with a
lot of substance I tweeted this morning
that a top guy from British Intel
recently said in an interview that
Facebook is essentially dangerous
because of its influence and this is the
like one of the top in telega is from
great britain saying the facebook is a
threat to democracy and should be should
be regulated like a utility that's a
pretty big statement and i believe it
think about the enormity that now i've
argued that social media has already
replaced democracy it's sort of a form
of democracy but a dirty form and that
facebook and social media in general are
part of that and the way that model
looks is that our government who elect
really doesn't have the option of doing
something that social media doesn't
approve of wouldn't you agree
now in the short run you can have ideas
that social media doesn't like but in
the long run you're really going to
either lose your next election or you're
going to have to conform one way or
another so social media largely
determines how the government is going
to go because they they can't get on the
wrong side of social media and that the
big tech companies are the biggest
determinants
of what social media thinks and says and
does because they can control which
messages have the most play so their
algorithms are essentially I would say
have already replaced what you thought
was the Republic or what you thought was
a democratic process so we're way past
the point where you have to ask yourself
hey can social media distort democracy
we're way past that it's already
happened the Republic has already been
replaced with a new system now you can
like that new system or you can not like
it but I don't think you can
legitimately argue that the old system
still exists I think that I think that's
a settled a settled deal there so it
seems to me that the odds of the
Facebook someday being regulated are
pretty high and I think specifically
that the form of the regulation will be
some independent body may be some kind
of judges they have technical
backgrounds they can look at the
algorithm and say the only thing we're
going to we're going to look at is any
change to the algorithm and and then the
judges will say okay this change is not
in the best interest to the country
because it's in its it's introducing
some bias so I think something like
that's guaranteed eventually now what's
interesting is that because the social
media companies control how we think
that they could also control the public
to be against any kind of public
regulation of their entities so that
will be O'Kelly just quit somebody said
I don't know if that's true but the
reports were that that was imminent
somebody's saying they're going to
depose Zuckerberg soon at Facebook I
think that's a strong possibility
I think Zuckerberg might not last too
much longer in his job and a lot of that
will have to do with the the public's
distrust of Facebook's intentions and
actions you know one of the things that
Zuckerberg has working against him is
that he's not a sympathetic character
meaning that his public persona just
just let's say his charisma if you will
doesn't come across as somebody who's on
your side he comes across as a little
bit robotic and that I think that's just
scary to people yeah if you have
somebody I've told you before that the
definition of charisma is power plus
empathy so if you don't have empathy but
you have power you look like a monster
oh no it's somebody with a lot of power
who doesn't care about me that's the
scariest thing but if you have lots of
power and you care about people then
they say that's great I've got this
powerful person on my side I love this
person so Facebook is this big powerful
entity who who's a public face is
probably the least empathetic persona
we've seen in the modern age it's very
hard to watch Zuckerberg in action and
feel he feels my heart you know he's
he's really connected to my my emotional
reality like you don't really feel that
from Zuckerberg now by the way I'm not a
Zuckerberg basher because clearly he's a
genius clearly he's I think people have
said he's one of the top top CEOs maybe
of all time
so in terms of capability strategy
intelligence
you know motivating his staff and all
those things he's probably the one of
the best we've ever seen so you can't
you can't take that away from but in
this very specific situation where he's
become so successful that Facebook has
so much power you have to make sure that
the face of that power is compatible
with you know the business model and the
business model is that they need people
to like them and his the way he comes
across is not as likable as it could be
so I think for that reason alone
probably there will be a change and
somebody said the uncanny valley I was
going to say that but it seemed too
cruel I was thinking it I was thinking
exactly that and I was thinking it for
like actual analytical objective reasons
I was thinking it but it just sounds so
cruel to actually apply it have you
noticed that China apparently did not
have a big push back to the CFO of
Huawei I think it's pronounced getting
picked up in Canada and will be turned
over to the United States for some kind
of crime and again I don't understand
how the United States can have a
criminal jurisdiction over a Chinese
citizen who did things in China like I I
just don't know how that all works so
I'm a little confused about how we have
any authority there but let's say we do
did you notice that China did not push
back hard on that they asked for her to
be released but they did not say they
were going to derail the trade deals and
that's what I was predicting yeah I was
saying that these stakes are too high
there and even though this person who
was picked up is the daughter of the
founder of this major company
this company is being blamed of such
terrible things I think they're being
blamed of theft of intellectual property
as well as essentially being a spy
organization for the Chinese government
so that if you put their equipment in
your in your country you've installed
spy equipment from China now I don't
know how true that is
but that's that's what the belief is out
there so so my my prediction was that
China could not tolerate having that
being a bigger story than it already is
so if they were to reverse the trade
deal and say how we're walking away from
trade that would be a gigantic worldwide
story and the last thing they want is
for us to talk more about this Chinese
company that's apparently a bad and bad
actor so I think the Trump
administration played this perfectly
meaning that they they had a free punch
because given the sensitivity of the
trade negotiations China really can't
die on that hill they're not going to
put all their bags all their eggs and
the hey you grabbed our CFO basket
because that means talking more about
that company and the bad things that
they've done that no American is going
to be happy with so it just works
against them to to push on that the Dow
is going down yeah so I had said
apparently incorrectly not too long ago
that December is the worst month for
stocks and so somebody doubted me on
that and then said be a shark this
showed that the last quarter was
actually pretty bad but it's not it's
not the month of December specifically
so the luck the last quarter of the year
traditionally and somebody needs to
fact-check me on this please because I'm
not entirely confident on this but the
one chart I saw seemed to indicate that
historically
the fourth quarter was was low now the
thing you got a look at in deciding
whether to be panicked or not about the
stock market is that it seems to be
reacting largely to just a headline news
and the headline news is wait for it
always exaggerated so remember then the
news the business model of the news
industry is that if they can scare you
that's better
they make more money if they can scare
you so all of the press you're seeing
about the risks and the financial risks
etc are filtered through hyperbole
they're filter through fear because
that's the message that makes people the
most money so when your so when you're
watching the stock market drop based on
the headlines a lot of people who were
let's say more balanced in the way
they're looking at this are probably
thinking it's a buying opportunity now
that's not financial advice don't take
any financial advice for me but it's a
statement of fact that some some people
are gonna say I will definitely get a
deal with China because we have to the
reason we will get a deal with China is
that we have to we have to they have to
we have to we have to might take a while
but it has to happen so those people who
are willing to wait it out are gonna and
yeah so the people willing to wait it
out are probably going to be rewarded
but that's not a financial advice
bitcoin is at its lowest right now well
I hope you appreciate what I've done for
a Bitcoin I don't know if you know but
when Bitcoin kept zooming and zooming I
said darn it
people are giving rich while adding
nothing to the economy and they're
getting super rich while adding
literally nothing to the economy
so I said as a public service I'm gonna
stop this so I bought some Bitcoin
actually I bought a fund that the holds
Bitcoin and I said to myself this will
stop it BAM
and that was the end of Bitcoin now if
there's anything else you'd like me to
stop by investing in it just let me know
I'm sure I can I can kill it like I
killed Bitcoin and by the way I'm not
even joking a little bit about that why
I bought it I literally bought it
because if it kept going up well I'd
have some but the odds of me not
crashing that market were low all right
can I stop climate change I probably
already have who makes opioids China was
that a trick question
all right so I've got a question for you
in my new book I'm working on I'm I'm
writing on the idea that war may might
be obsolete so that's my prediction war
is obsolete and here's my argument so
war between nuclear powers has been
obsolete for some time because of
mutually assured destruction if you if a
nuclear power attacked another nuclear
power there's a good odds that nobody
wins so war usually happens when at
least one warring party thinks they have
a good chance of winning
and so for nuclear powers they know that
there's no such thing as winning in that
environment so so we haven't seen any of
those wars now the smaller Wars let's
say Iraq and Afghanistan and Syria where
you have big powers conquering small
towers that's not a nuclear risk because
only one side has nuclear weapons and
they're not going to use them in a
non-nuclear war but because it's so easy
to get really good weapons to guerrilla
resistance I think the days of
economically holding a conquered country
are over meaning that if the United
States conquered you know any smaller
country those citizens would have access
to really good explosives a really good
drones really good weapons so that
holding that country would never be
economical it would always cost more to
occupy our country then you could gain
by having it now that wasn't always the
case
wars throughout history often had an
economic incentive even as recently as
World War two even Hitler had a
reasonable he had a reasonable belief as
crazy and evil as he was he had a
reasonable rational reason to think that
he could conquer neighboring countries
and economically and here's the key
economically hold them because the the
resistance in those countries was likely
to have just rifles and over time you
could probably you know pacify that kind
of a country but today they're gonna
have all kinds of weapons so I think
it's not economical secondly because the
the economy is so interconnected if a
big country conquers a small country and
it's an unpopular conquest the big
country is going to suffer economically
because the rest of the world is going
to say hey you stop doing that we're
gonna put some economic sanctions on you
so you see that happening with Russia
and it's aggression against the Ukraine
you see that happening with against
Saudi Arabia and Iran economic pressure
because of their proxy wars in Yemen and
of course Iran because of their proxy
wars you know all over the place so the
economic reason for a war is now gone
think about it I'm pretty sure that's
that's a defensible statement that the
economic incentive for war is completely
gone now because no conquering country
even if they win the war can do it
economically and if they can't do it
economically just doesn't work so tell
Putin so I think that all that's left is
what I'll call the specialty Wars
meaning that there's a special situation
and a special situation might be for
example a Russian country conquering a
neighboring russian-speaking country
that maybe used to be part of their
country and maybe the local population
is actually friendly toward the
conquering country so if you've got
specialty situations you'll see yeah its
Crimea for example you'll still see that
so I don't think that'll change but I
think you're gonna need the conquering
country
to be at least neutral or positive about
the conquest I think they're gonna have
to sort of be positive about it
and speaking the same language will help
as well so so that's my that's my thesis
my thesis is that because it's no longer
economically feasible to conquer a
neighboring country no matter who you
are except for those specialty cases so
you just won't see it and I would argue
the President Trump is a big part of
that new psychology because you see him
putting economic pressure on North Korea
successfully North Korea is responded in
a rational way to the fact that they
could never have never never ever have a
functioning economy and that's the sort
of pressure that Trump is putting on
Iran Iran in its current with its
current stance on things can never have
a functioning economy ever it's just not
an option because the interconnectivity
of the world and the fact that economic
or so is so effective
likewise you see Russia getting you know
economically slapped around because of
its you know recent provocations so
that's why that's my optimistic feeling
about the future is that it's no longer
economical to conquer and hold a country
except for special cases and in the
special cases it's not even going to be
clear that maybe they shouldn't have
been conquered or didn't want to be
conquered you know that you and that's
what makes it a special case
tell Russia so Russia is actually the I
would call the edge case you can look at
Russia and you can see the limits of
what I'm talking about
so Russia taking over Crimea is a
perfect example of the special case but
if they try to extend that to you know a
full conquest of Ukraine and correct me
if I'm wrong but if let's say
theoretically Russia just militarily or
in other ways conquered Ukraine just
completely conquered it would Russia
have a better or worse economic
situation after that I think worse and I
think clearly worse because the
international community would get pretty
tough about it
Estonia is a good example
so Estonia I think is safe because if
Russia moved against them there just
would be no there would be no way to
justify that and so I think the
international community which is shut
down Russia as a as a trading partner
with the world you know I think I think
their pipelines would be replaced with
other sources so anyway so that's what
I'm saying that war I think will decline
how would you like to see I don't have
any thoughts on the candidates for aje
or anything else right now because I
just don't know those characters let me
give you yeah
so that's my view can you tell where I
am I'm in Deer Valley Utah
so I'm in Utah deer valley so one of the
things they don't tell you when you
travel to a place like this I I got here
and I learned that there's something
called altitude sickness did you even
know that was the thing somehow I got to
my current age without knowing there was
such a thing as altitude sickness we're
above a thousand feet mostly when you
get above 8,000 feet it's hard to harder
to breathe until you get too used to it
and you actually get flu-like symptoms
and I got up here and I thought I was
dying or something because I I had like
all these generic flu-like symptoms and
I couldn't breathe and you know I was
head achy and all that stuff so I didn't
know that there's a place you can go on
vacation and that you can sick simply
you can be sick simply by being there
and that doesn't seem fair yeah it seems
like you should have to get a bug or you
know some specific illness but if you if
you visit a nice town and this is really
a beautiful place if you just go to a
nice place it shouldn't make you sick
just because you're there you'll feel
great when you get back maybe so so I'm
feeling better today but yeah trying to
stay hydrated as someone said you can
die it felt like it yesterday
yes I'm sucking through the water like
crazy but it's not enough all right
work on your breath work yeah I've been
trying to breathe deeply okay is there
anything else is happening besides the
staffing changes because I don't think
because I don't think those are
interesting all right I'll talk to you
all later