There you
are. Should we have a uh Mother's Day
show
today? All the lazy people are sleeping
in, but I think we can do better than
them. Comments are
working. There's not much happening
today.
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better day. But if
you'd like to try to take this up to
another level that nobody can even
understand with their shiny human
brains. All you need for that is a cuper
mug or a glass of tank or chelstein, a
canteen jug or flask vessel of any kind.
Fill it with your favorite liquid. I
like coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine, the
end of the day, the thing that makes
everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip and happens now.
Go. Ah,
delicious. Well, let's see what's in the
news. According to
Axios, Jenzers are more likely to be
going to church, especially the men. So,
at the same time that the young men are
turning toward Trump, they're turning
toward church. Um, it used to be that uh
women were more likely to go to church
than men, but that gap is closing as the
Gen Z men are skipping off to church
like crazy.
So, if you're a young man, you're
probably not watching this because
you're in
church. Well, speaking of Jenzers, not
only are they more likely to go to
church, but they're more likely to marry
an
AI according to the New York Post.
So this is the number of
genzers who said they could form a quote
deep emotional bond with an AI generated
partner. What do you what do you think
the percentages before I tell you? What
percentage of Gen
Z's could possibly get in a
deep emotional relationship with an AI?
83%.
really. Uh well, 80% said they would
even consider marrying one if it were
[Laughter]
legal. A staggering 75% of Genzers also
said they think AI partners have the
potential to fully replace human
[Laughter]
companionship. Now, is that because
they're
gamers? Is that
why or or are they just ahead of their
time? Are we just old? Is that the
problem? Is the problem with the young
people or is the problem with
us? Because you never really know,
right? When you reach a certain age, you
know, as I have, you don't know if the
problem is that you're just too old to
understand and and they've got it right
and they understand the future
or or has the entire generation become
non-mating material and they're just
going to give up and get a get an AI
partner? Well,
this this next news comes from uh a news
entity called Slay
News. All right. Now, that's part of the
funny part. That's that's a real news
entity is called
Sleigh. And they're reporting that a key
diddy, you know, in the Diddy trial
that's starting off, one of the key
Diddy witnesses is reported missing.
Now, that might be the least surprising
news I've ever
heard. Now, didn't you imagine that when
the Diddy trial started that witnesses
were going to start to disappear and
maybe die in tragic accidents and
possibly get
murdered? Is there anybody who surprised
that a key diddy
witness disappears right before the the
time she had to she had to testify?
That is so
non-surprising. Anyway, you've probably
heard that Kanye West has a new
provocative song uh titled
Hitler and you won't be surprised to
know that there's a big uh push back to
it. But
um Kanye says it's really about it's uh
it's against prejudice and hate. So, if
you understood the song correctly, he
says, you would know that it's opposed
to all those things. It's not promoting
them. Well, good luck,
Kanye. Good luck selling that.
Um, if I could give you one bit of
musical
advice, my musical advice would
be if you're idea for your song is to
have a whole bunch of people saying
Hitler, don't try to sell it as being
opposed to
prejudice cuz nobody's going to hear
that part. They're only going to hear
the Hitler part. So, I guess that's what
happened. Well, according to the uh free
press, they're reporting on a uh NIH
study that finds an alarming rise in
breast, colarctyl, and uterine cancers
among under 50s. What do you think
caused
that?
Anybody in the
comments tell me what do you think
caused the alarming rise in cancers in
the under
50s? Any possibilities? Has anything
happened? Well, the joke's on you
because this was actually a study of
between 2010 and
2019. And I'm pretty sure at least half
of you said, "Well, that's the
vaccinations. Oh, that's the co shot.
Except the study was before the
pandemic. So, you didn't see that
coming, did you? No. No, you totally
fell for it. You believed that it was it
had to be because of the co shot. I
tricked you
intentionally. It turns out that some
cancers actually went down during that
period. The lung cancer and prostate
cancer actually decreased.
So the overall cancer stayed about the
same but
uh 14 out of 33 cancer types increased
in in at least one younger age
group.
So did you learn anything there? Did you
see did you see how quickly you were
positive it was the
shot and yet the data was before the
shot was given.
Let that be a lesson to
you not to be too quick to take the
popular explanation. It might be right.
Yeah, I mean it might be right that it
causes a problem, but that's not what it
tested. Um I saw I saw a post by Fisher
King on X. Uh I was quoting John Adams
who said uh democracy never lasts long
as soon wastes exhausts and murders
itself. There never was a democracy yet
that did not commit
suicide. But I don't really understand
that quote because wasn't the United
States the
first democratic republic kind of a
thing. Were there democracies before
that?
Well, I would like to add to John
Adams's um
thinking that there's exactly zero
civilizations that ever
lasted. While it might be true that
every democracyoriented
uh civilization eventually committed
suicide, it's also true that 100% of
societies that that are ancient, they
all died. every one of them. So, I mean,
there's remnants left, but basically
they didn't that even the Roman Empire
kind of went away or some say it turned
into the Vatican if you want to if you
want to go that way. But, uh, there
seems to be some kind
of rule that civilizations don't last
long. And I have a here's my
hypothesis. My hypothesis is that most
civilizations don't get that far. And
that that's the
normal the normal arc for a civilization
is starts small stays small doesn't
really go anywhere but every now and
then you get some kind of Roman Empire
or uh the Mongol hordes or or something.
So every now and then one will break out
and just be a
superstar but they don't last either.
And my my hypothesis is that it's so
rare for a civilization to break out and
last that the normal path is that it
just doesn't last very long. At least in
terms of, you know, the entire arc of
human civilization, it doesn't last
long. So probably all different reasons.
Sometimes disease, sometimes attack,
sometimes the Mongol hordes get you. But
uh I don't think there's any
civilization that lasts. And maybe
there's no civilization that could, you
know, unless it became so dominant that
it could cure every disease and, you
know, resist every enemy and it wouldn't
fight with itself and spend itself into
oblivion. But I feel like it's so rare,
like everything has to go right for your
civilization to thrive, that the odds of
everything going right for thousands of
years, pretty low. pretty
low. Well, according to the Daily Wire,
there was
a there was an official that worked for
USA ID. You've heard of them. Uh now USA
ID has been closed down, but uh but
apparently a contracting officer
um was um he made himself a fake
business so that he could give himself
PPP loans.
And are you surprised by that? That a
contracting officer at USA ID came up,
created a fake company, and paid himself
money. I think we we we have no idea how
much fraud there was in the government.
so
much now closing USA ID or at least most
of it may have at
least at
least created you know making it
impossible for this kind of thing to
happen again. So, I've said it before,
but if the only thing that Doge
accomplishes, even if they don't cost
directly, you know, like right away, if
the only thing they accomplish is they
make
people, you know, say what they're
spending on and use the right codes for
the spending and maybe get a little bit
more auditing,
um, then I think, uh, I think that would
be a big deal in the long run. We'll
see. According to the Daily Mail, um the
second the the vacation rental boom is
collapsing. So, a lot of people bought a
second house, a vacation house, which
they would rent out when they weren't
using it. But apparently, they're uh
they're getting spooked. A lot of the
old ones, the older people are getting
spooked because the stock market and you
know the economy being weird. So they're
selling their second homes if they have
them and so the price of them will be
collapsing. But that's good news, right?
For the people who are trying to buy a
new
home. Imagine if you were a young person
trying to buy a new home, but all the
new homes were getting bought by the old
people who already had a home.
How pissed off would you be that you
couldn't buy a home at a good price
because all the rich older people had
two? Well, if they go from two back to
one, um there should be a a decline in
the housing prices. That should help you
out a little bit if you're a young
person looking for a house. So, every
everybody's bad news is somebody's good
news. But why is it that owning a second
house turned out to be a loser? Well,
mortgage rate mortgage rates are higher.
Uh maintenance costs are
higher. A lot of people had to return to
the office, so they didn't have an
option of hiding in their vacation
house. Insurance co costs are through
the roof. Homeowner association costs
are way up and boomers are spooked by
the stock
market. Well, the Daily Beast has a
story. You you may have seen this. I
wasn't even going to re talk about this
because it's just so darn weird, but you
remember the story of Thoranos, the uh
the company that turned out to be a
fraud. And it was run by Elizabeth
Holmes. She was the founder. And she
claimed that they had this new
technology that could take a tiny drop
of your blood and do all kinds of uh
analyses of your blood. Turns out that
they did not have any machine that did
that and it was just all fake. So
Elizabeth Holmes is in jail, but believe
it or not, she still has a romantic
partner who is not in jail. And the
romantic partner has created a startup
that says it can test blood, salivor,
urine for disease bio biomarkers in a
matter of
seconds. What does that sound like?
That sounds like
Theranos. And uh the guy's he's raising
money for it. He's actually raised
million allegedly raised millions of
dollars for
it. Can you
imagine? Can you even imagine
investing in the boyfriend of Elizabeth
Holmes with the same essentially the
same kind of company?
Now, it could be that he learned so much
from his association with Elizabeth
Holmes that he found a real company that
could really make a prototype and really
do it. It's possible, but what are the
odds? It just seems like the odds are
really low that this is a real thing.
But hey, stranger things have happened,
so we'll see.
Uh
PXT is looking to uh decrease the size
of the military at the top. Apparently,
we got too many generals and admirals.
He wants to get rid of about 20% of the
generals and the admirals. Now, you
might say to yourself, "My god, could we
spare 20%." Yeah, it turns out we've got
way too many generals and admirals. Just
way too many. So, yes, he can reduce
those. Um, I'm assuming that he's going
to go after the ones that were a little
too
woke if he can determine who they are.
So, if you're woke and you're a fourstar
general, you might be looking for
another job pretty
[Music]
soon. Uh, did he I I think I may have
mentioned this or or it's a different
situation that reminds me of it. I can't
tell. But uh apparently Oklahoma
um is going to teach students that the
2020 election might have been
stolen. Isn't that wild? That one that
one of the states will be teaching their
kids a different
history, completely different history.
Now, the way they're doing it is not so
uh heavy-handed that they're saying that
the election was stolen. So, they're not
saying that. They don't say the election
was stolen. What they do instead is they
it's a social studies curriculum. Uh
that's for the coming year and it's
going to require high school students to
quote identify discrepancies in the 2020
election results. and and the factors
that they will examine will be for
example the sudden halting of ballot
counting in select cities in key
battleground
states. Now the again Oklahoma is not
saying that that's proof that the
election was stolen. They're just
saying, "All right, students, does this
look sketchy to you that the there was a
sudden halting of ballot counting in
select cities? Not everywhere, but just
select cities, you know, where where it
mattered the most.
and they're going to learn about the
security risks of mail-in balloting and
sudden batch dumps. You know, where you
get just a whole bunch of mail-in
ballots that you think to yourself, huh,
I wasn't expecting a whole bunch of
ballots right at the end
there. Now, again, those are not proof
of anything, you know, any security
problem, but if you were going to learn
what to look for, they would be things
to look for.
Um, and then the unforeseen record
number of
voters. So, you're probably all aware
that Biden got more votes than Obama,
more votes than Trump, and then when he
when Trump ran against Kla Harris, she
didn't get anywhere near that number of
votes. And there must have been just as
many people who hated Trump by then.
So, even if you say to yourself, well,
Biden got so many votes because people
really wanted to stop Trump, you don't
think they wanted to stop him even more
on the the next time he
ran. And yet, there were nowhere near
that number of
votes. Well, that would be something
students should uh look at. Why is there
an unforeseen record number of votes in
2020?
And then my favorite is the
unprecedented contradiction of
bellweather county trends. So the
bellweather counties are the ones which
will tell you who's going to
win very reliably. So, in other words,
if a candidate wins these these uh
bellweather um counties, they're pretty
much guaranteed to be the winner of of
everything else because I guess the
bellweathers are, you know, kind of a
close match. So, if he wins all the
close matches and the bellweathers, it
probably means you're going to sweep the
whole country. And yet Trump won the
bellweathers rather handily and
suspiciously for the first time ever he
still lost the election. Huh. Kind of
suspicious. Now you might uh say to me,
Scott, but none of this is proof that
2020 was a rigged election. That is
correct. But I was watching a uh a news
person in
uh talking to the state
superintendent Ryan Walters and the news
still says that it's sort of proven that
2020 was a fair
election. Like that's a
fact. That couldn't be a fact. How could
you possibly know if it were stolen in a
way that you didn't know it was stolen?
And they
insist that because there were audits
and there were court cases that that
means that there were you you've proven
that there was no problem. You can't
prove there was no problem. Let me ask
you this. If our CIA
hypothetically found a way to hack the
uh machines used in other countries, so
we're talking about other countries now,
not America. If our
CIA hacked the machines in other
countries, would the other country know
about
it? Would they? Well, if we did a good
enough job of hacking, I would think
they wouldn't know about it. Now,
hacking could
include, you know, bribing the insiders.
You know, it doesn't mean that you're
just sitting at a computer doing some
stuff. It could be that you have some
insiders that you've co-opted. You might
be the insider, but would we really
know? And would the other country know
if we had rigged their election from
afar? I don't think
so. I doubt it. I mean, they might know
in some cases if if something went
wrong, but generally speaking, the whole
point of rigging an election is you try
to figure out a way they can't get
caught.
So the the theory that we know for sure
it was good is just
stupid. The only thing you know for sure
is that you don't know for sure. You
could say for sure we have not found
evidence of widespread fraud that would
um change the result. That's true. But
you don't know that it's not there. You
only know that you didn't find it. And
the news people, they all act like they
don't understand
that. They they all act like it's a fact
when they couldn't possibly know. It's
not
logically. It doesn't make any sense at
all. The only thing you know is that you
didn't find it.
Period. Anyway.
Anyway, so Trump is
uh going to sign some new executive
orders that would turbocharge, as they
say, the u the nuclear energy programs
in the United States. But I didn't
realize that one part of it is that
uh well, we don't know that this will
happen, but there's one draft that he
hasn't signed yet. uh he might not sign.
There would be a complete overhaul of
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. So,
they're the ones that do the the
approvals, a complete overhaul. So, my
guess is that the people who have been
there a long time are just used to
turning everything
down. It's like they've never approved
anything in their entire career. Reject.
Reject. So, I don't know that you could
just tell them to accept more things.
You might have to just get rid of them
all and replace them with people who are
maybe more up to date on the real risk
and reward of nuclear. But, uh, he's
looking to go from 100 to 400 gigwatts
by
2050, which would be fairly gigantic.
So, I would say that the biggest
war in the world is uh the war to get
the most
energy. So, we'll
see.
Um Trump is uh telling us again, I I
love Trump the salesman, but you but you
have to understand him as a salesman.
If you don't understand that he's always
selling, then it just looks like he's
lying. But if you understand him as, you
know, the biggest cheerleader for the
country and, you know, he he's sort of
using hyperbole and selling, then it all
makes sense. But, uh, here's one of the
things Trump says about trade deals that
are upcoming. Quote, "We had a wonderful
deal yesterday." I guess that's talking
about, um, the UK. We have four or five
other deals coming immediately. We have
many deals coming down down the line and
ultimately we're just signing the rest
of them in. I don't even know what that
means. But when he talks about the
deals,
um he he just says, "Oh man, hundreds of
deals. We're going to make billions of
dollars. Everybody's lining up."
and it's probably actually close to
true, but I I love his sales take on all
this
stuff. Well, Colombia University, as you
might know, had another one of those pro
pro Palestinian protests where people
went in and they took over the main
library. But, uh, now 65 students have
been identified,
uh, as being part of that protest. And
from now on they're banned from exams
and they're going to get booted off of
campus except I guess they can go to
their dorm but they can't hang out in
the rest of the campus. So essentially
their their college careers are
over
and you could argue that they're
unemployable. So that's that's pretty
bad. Now, I'm assuming that most of them
are female students, but I don't know
that for sure. Imagine if your parents
worked with you to get you into a good
college. You finally got into
Colombia, and then you attended a pro
Palestinian protest, and your entire
life just got flushed down the
toilet. That's pretty bad. That's pretty
bad.
So I feel bad for the 65 students
because their brains are not fully
developed and uh they're a little bit
hypnotized and propagandized etc. Now
it's not like they don't have a you know
have a point that there's a lot of
violence going on that they wish was not
going on but I don't think they've
thought through the
entire situation with with too much uh
with too much
understanding. Well, according to the
postmillennial,
uh, Doge has deactivated over half a
million federal credit cards that were
unnecessary or, you know, I don't know
if they're extra or what, but, 500,000
seems like a lot, but there are 4.6
million uh, government credit cards.
So, if if they got the half a million
that were maybe the fraud and abuse
ones, that that could be some good work.
We'll
see. Well, Alberta up there in Canada
um is actually kind of serious about
breaking away from Canada, which is
different from wanting to join the
United States. So, they're they're not
expressing a a will to become part of
the United States, but they are
expressing a let's say
uh a frustration with the rest of the
Canadian government because in Alberta,
they've got a lot of energy kind of
industries. And so, the Albertans want
to make money and drill for oil and, you
know, exploit their energy because they
have it. and the rest of Canada, I
think, wants to solve climate
change. So, they really don't fit
together. So, there's one area that just
wants to go nuts with their energy, and
there's the rest of Canada that's like,
"Hey, you know, slow down." Um, because
they don't personally gain financially
from from that stuff in Alberta. So,
don't think that this is part of any
Canada becoming part of the United
States. That's not really part of it.
They just are mad at the rest of
Canada. Well, let's look into the fake
negotiations. Um, so it would be the
second day of talking to
China and uh Trump said about this. It
was a very good meeting today with
China. So I guess he said that yesterday
and he said many things discussed much
agreed to a total reset negotiated in a
friendly but constructive manner. Uh we
want to see for the good of both China
and the US and opening up of China to
American business. Great progress made.
Do you believe that? Again this is Trump
in salesman mode. But here's what I like
about it. So he starts out being, you
know, very insulting to China and
dismissive of them and, you know, acting
like he can punish them with tariffs.
And of course, China wouldn't even talk
to us when we were just being jerks,
meaning Trump was being a jerk. Um, but
they waited until until they could, you
know, find some way to get a respectful
meeting. And uh so that's what's
happening in Switzerland. It's a
respectful meeting. But I like the fact
that Trump was negging them. Yeah. He he
was using the trick that the uh the men
who try to seduce women use where where
you first you you tear them down
verbally and then they just want to get
your
approval. Now it shouldn't work.
like it shouldn't work with dating, but
it does. And it definitely shouldn't
work with international
affairs, but I think it
does from a persuasion perspective since
both the China and the United States
know, you know, we're going to have some
kind of important relationship going
forward, no matter what that looks like.
So, we know we're going to be in
something. And I do think that if you
insult China enough in that Trumpian way
that first they get
mad, but they also want to solve it
because they don't want to live in a
world where America can just say out
loud, you guys are you guys are a bunch
of thieves.
So I do think that Trump creates a
situation where China, you know, wants
to have a good deal and, you know, they
want to take care of China first, of
course, but at the same time, I think
they have, you know, I think he put in
the Chinese leadership a deep desire to
have the United States say good things
about
them. And here it is.
So, I think this actually worked. Now,
I'm not predicting that they get a good
agreement or that it happens fast. What
I am predicting is
that Trump's insulting of them, which
almost every smart person said is the
worst thing he could have ever done. I
think maybe was clever. I think maybe he
knew what he was doing because he does
it with everybody. It's not like this is
the the one time he tried that trick. He
does this with everybody. First, he
insults you if you're not doing what he
wants you to do. And then if you start
moving his direction, you're just the
greatest person in the world. There's a
total reset. U we love you. And I think
it's
working, you know, and it and it's
weird. shouldn't work away, but I think
it is because people are people and they
want they want their important
relationships to think well of them and
we're part of their important
relationships. So, we'll see. Tom
Cotton, Senator Cotton has introduced a
bill um to have location tracking in our
AI chips so that we would know if any of
our AI chips made it to where they
shouldn't make it, such as China. So,
it's called the Chip Security Act. It's
not signed. It's just a bill that's been
introduced. And uh I don't know I don't
know how it works technically.
I guess the the chip would somehow know
where it is. Um, seems like it'd be
expensive to add GPS to each
chip, but there must be something about
it that allows you to know for sure
where this chip is. I don't know how the
that works technically, but if there is
a way to do it
technically, feels like a good idea cuz
it couldn't be that much more expensive.
you know, if it turns out it's super
expensive to add that to it, that's
another
conversation. Well, do you remember
yesterday uh I was sort of complimenting
Trump uh for being able to create a
ceasefire between India and Pakistan.
Well, that didn't last. So, the
ceasefire was broken immediately
basically.
So the the India Pakistan is raging on
that they just keep firing at each
other. So, none of that worked. But, uh,
there is some new information I saw in
Mario Noel's post uh, who you should
follow on Mario Noel. Anyway, uh, he
reports that the, uh, the
Indians are hacking the uh, Pakistani
entities like crazy, but it may not be
the government.
So the the reporting is and I'm not sure
how much we can rely on this but the
reporting is that they're a bunch of
Indian vigilante hackers who are sort of
taking it on themselves to hack Pakistan
in
retaliation and they've taken over
allegedly they've taken down over 700
Pakistani websites hacked a thousand
more of or more of their CCTV cameras
and breached everything from military
databases to power plants and banking
systems.
Wow. So, but those are private
individuals, so they don't have the the
best tools. I'm guessing they wouldn't
have the same tools that a that a
military would have, but uh they're
they're whacking Pakistan pretty hard. I
don't know if that's safe. Uh I think
the Pakistanis are trying to respond,
but maybe they're not as capable hacking
wise.
And then there is the uh fake Iran
deal. So the Wall Street Journal's
reporting that uh Iran and US they
remain divided on one
issue. Uh so the the reporting is that
you know great progress has been made
and you know the talks are on and you
know seems like something's going to
happen but they're divided on one key
question which is that Iran wants to
maintain the ability to enrich its own
uranium which means enrich it to the
point where they can build a nuclear
weapon in 10 minutes and America wants
them not to do that.
So if you don't solve that part and it
looks unsolvable to me because Iran is
kind of saying pretty clearly we want to
build a nuclear weapon or have the
ability to do it
quickly and that's the exact thing that
we don't
want. So how in the world are we close
or making
progress? I mean, you could talk all day
about the other stuff, you know, you
know, sanctions and everything else, but
this is the only thing that
matters, whether or not they they're
going to keep enriching uranium to the
point where they can weaponize it in 10
minutes. So, I don't think there's any
chance of an Iran nuclear deal.
What would we threaten them
with that we haven't already
threatened or even offer as a
alternative if if they need this? Like
they're going to they're basically
betting their entire country on keeping
the ability to enrich their own
uranium to any level that they want. And
uh to me that doesn't look like a deal
that's going to happen. But at the same
time, we're hearing reports that Trump
is mad at BB Netanyahu of Israel and
that the US is doing its own sort of its
own uh negotiating and its own deal over
in the Middle East without without
Israel's consent and/or
participation. So, is there any way that
the US could get a deal with
Iran that Israel wouldn't like, but
somehow the US would like it? Not if we
insist that they don't have the ability
to enrich
uranium. I I I just don't see any deal
that's possible
here. Well, President uh Putin has said
he wants to meet and have direct
conversations with Ukrainians. he wants
to meet in Turkey. And at the same time,
Zalinski has said he wants a uh
30day, you know, um
ceasefire. Putin has rejected the 30-day
ceasefire, but he's offered instead
direct talks. And do you remember I said
I didn't understand why
uh Mr. Zinski would be so tough and not
want to, you know, immediately talk
peace.
And I speculated there were several
possible reasons. You know, one is that
he couldn't survive a piece, but the
other one I speculated is that they had
way better weapons than we knew about.
Well, here's a
shocking shocking fact. According to
Forbes, the uh the Ukrainians have
developed a whole, you know, underground
mostly, I guess. Well, I don't know if
they're underground, but a whole bunch
of uh workshops where they can make
drones. So, all over Ukraine, there are
smallalish buildings where they're
making they're making drones like crazy.
Guess how many drones Ukraine is able to
make. Just take a guess. Let's say per
month. In one month, how many small
drones that could carry, they're capable
of carrying a a bomb, you know, like a
hand grenade or something. How many do
you think they could make per
month with all their little
workshops? I'll bet none of you will be
close. I'm looking at 40,000,
50,000, 10,000. Okay, those are the
numbers I would have guessed. Yeah, I
would have guessed, you know, maybe a
100,000 at the top. The answer is 2
million. They can make 2
million drones that can each kill a
soldier or take out a vehicle. 2
million. And that's not future. That's
current production.
But apparently the Russians also have
the ability to produce
millions millions of drones per
month. So there's no question that it's
turned into a drone war. And it would um
the speculation is that's why Russia
hasn't made much progress yet. So
there's a about a 16 mile zone beyond
the front lines on the the Russian side
of the front lines where if you get on a
road and you're driving anywhere for any
reason and you're anywhere near the
front line but you're you're in Russian
held territory,
uh a Ukrainian drone will pretty much
take you out. So it's like a 100%, you
know, death drive if you try to use any
of those roads uh on the Russian held
territory.
So I guess that gives the Lensky a
little bit of bargaining power. Um and
and obviously the Russians are they have
some technology for jamming, but the the
Ukrainians also have some jamming of
Russian ones. The current reporting says
that the Ukrainians are better at
jamming. Do you believe that? I'm not
sure we know for sure. Uh but that the
Russians have something
coming that will be like a really good
jammer. So there So it's a continuous
war of who's got an unjammable drone and
who's got better jamming to jam the
unjammable drones. But it's a drone war
now.
According to Scitec Daily,
um there's a project going on in France
that appears to be uh internationally uh
involved. So, they're not doing it by
themselves. But over there in France,
they've got a
uh a facility that's going to try to
make fusion, nuclear fusion. and they've
got uh a giant US-built magnet that's
taller than a six-story building and
it's going to work with these other
smaller magnets which are also gigantic
from China, Europe, Russia, Japan and
Korea. So those are just some of the
countries involved. And if it works and
keep and keep in mind this is not on
paper. They already have the big magnets
and putting them together in France. But
if it works
um it will make uh 10 times more
uh energy than it
uses. 10 times more. Now, you've seen a
lot of experiments where where somebody
says, "Oh, we've made this big
breakthrough in fusion and we're making,
you know, 5% more energy than we're
using," which doesn't help you that much
and it doesn't last that long. But, uh,
they seem to be pretty confident here
because this would be a really expensive
kind of thing. And if you if the US
built a magnet that's sixstory building
high
um and all the other these other serious
countries are contributing their
ringshaped magnets. It sounds like they
have some confidence that they can make
this thing work. Now I don't know who
owns it, you know, if it works. Uh, and
I don't know if it would be like a just
another test or or turn into
a an actual fusion uh, entity, but
probably it's a limited
test. But if they pull it
off, could be a big big
deal. Well, of course, it's a slow news
day, so that's all I've got for you
today.
And uh I'm going to say hi to the people
on locals, but uh the rest of you need
to go take care of your moms or if you
are a mom, you need to get taken care
of. So, it's all about the moms today. I
hope some of you moms have two cats on
your lap because that's the best way to
listen to this show. Cup of hot coffee,
two cats on your lap. That's that's the
way to do it. All right, locals. I'm
coming at you. The rest of you, I will
see you on Monday. I think there's going
to be lots more fun coming on Monday. I
feel like Monday is going to be big.
We'll see.