good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization and
possibly even the
civilizations that built the pyramids
whoever they were if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that even
Elon Musk can't reach with his best
rocket all you need is a cuper muger
glass a tanker chaler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasures that do me here the
day the thing that makes everything
better little bit of Serotonin today
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go oh that's good savor it savor it all
right
good I was worried that some of you were
going to just Gulp and not Savor and
that would just what a way to start the
day huh all right let's talk about all
the
news I do have a theme which will
emerge pretty soon and the theme
is intelligence is an
illusion that's right intelligence is an
illusion we'll see if we can find that
theme as I go through the stories today
I think you'll find it my favorite story
The
goes like this uh I'm no political
consultant but if I were I would say to
you if you're running a campaign and the
biggest topic about your campaign is the
question of whether Roger Stone called
your spouse a four-letter word that
starts with c and ends with
t and that's the only news you're
making that's Ron Des
situation the Ron de santis the only
story out of his campaign this week is
that Roger Stone may have called his
wife a
seword he denies it he says he only said
see you next
Tuesday so I guess we can believe him
and maybe he just plans to see her next
Tuesday if you know what I
mean all right well that's pretty funny
um
so if I can teach you one thing it would
be that's the time to quit your
campaign if he's looking for a sign can
you imagine dentus praying for
guidance God I'm trying to decide
whether I should stay in the president
race or should I get out can you send me
a
sign now let's see what's happening on
next today oh Roger Stone saying some
things about okay it's time to quit it's
time to quit I'm out I'm
out
so that would be the religious
interpretation all
right uh in the category of President
Trump is right
again uh I was watching the amuse
account that's name of an account on X
amuse and uh Trump has told Democrats
that
if you keep taking down statues pretty
soon they're going to come for Thomas
Jefferson do you remember when you
thought they're not going to come for
Thomas
Jefferson well the Thomas Jefferson
statue has been removed from uh City
Hall in New York
city so it's
gone now I'm perfectly in favor of
removing it but I think there's going to
be a big sort of Gap where there should
be some artwork
is anybody with me should it be George
Floyd that they put back I mean that
makes sense right because as we've
learned Thomas Jefferson was a horrible
racist piece of but not George
Floyd George Floyd would be more more of
a hero
situation so everybody George Floyd
statue uh it's an it's unanimous that's
what we'd like to
see
meanwhile Business
Insider is running an article the title
of which is here's what happens if Trump
dies while running for office and then
they repeat dies while running for
office over and over again in the
article do you know what that looks
like well I don't know but it looks like
a murder
attempt to
me because if if this uh reporting and
this is just
speculative but if this were influenced
by any intelligence entities within the
United States it would be for the
obvious purpose of triggering the actual
assassination so this is this is the
copycat problem except without the
copying so the copycat problem with
serial killers is that I don't believe
anybody would even have the idea of
shooting up a school except that it's in
the news like who who would even have
that
idea right so these are clearly things
that the news prompts so knowing that
the news can prime you and prompt you
into doing something you wouldn't have
even thought of doing what what happens
if you start running a whole bunch of
stories about what would happen if
somebody took a shot at
Trump it's
guaranteed if if you tell that often
enough to a large enough population it's
not a maybe
does everybody get that if the
population is large enough and you
repeat that message enough even though
you're not encouraging somebody to do it
directly just putting the idea into that
many people's heads largely guarantees
it happens or at least somebody tries or
thinks about it really hard so that's
pretty close to a murder
attempt now if this was just an idea
that the reporter or the journalist had
well then it's not unless the journalist
was
intending to make it a murder attempt
but there's no way to prove
that to me it looks like uh not an
organic story no way to know but to me
it looks like a story that somebody in
the blob you know we call the blob
whoever's running the country from the
intelligence and media and Democrat side
it looks like they to me it doesn't look
organic but it's hard to know just a
guess
well there's this hostage release
situation happening over in Israel Gaza
and there's a reason to believe we're
told by Jake Sullivan National Security
adviser that uh at least one of the
three Americans might be part of the
ones
released I kind of hate that Hamas has
us playing this
game where you know you have to think
about and worry and speculate about
which hostages get released I I feel to
some extent that's sort of playing into
their into their terrorism model that
that it makes you think about it and get
terrorized again because if you're
hoping your loved ones get released but
then they're not
released that would be like terrorism
all over again it's like they're milking
this freaking thing as hard as they can
now I don't know I'm not saying there's
an
alternative uh honestly if I were in
charge of everything that Israel is
doing so far
I would do it exactly the same I I have
not personally you know I'm no I'm no
military expert no expert in the area
but when I watched from the beginning to
the end from October 7th on I didn't see
anything I would disagree with in the in
the way that they would handle it and
what I mean by that is it's the way any
country would handle it if they had the
resources so the reason that I don't
criticize them is that literally anybody
would do the same thing they're doing
that how do you criticize that you know
you you can you can make some kind of
like hypothetical philosophical you know
morality based argument but the truth is
100% of Nations which exist today if
they had the resources and in that they
were in that situation would respond the
same way so criticizing it just seems
like an absurdity to me it's more like
cause and effect and just watching it
basically
um
so anyway that's moving forward uh CNN
reports and I'm going to give CNN a
little credit here when there stories
International stories that don't have a
specific political component to
them they seem pretty good there there's
a lot of stuff that CNN gets right just
not if it involves Republicans as long
as there's no Republican in the story
whatsoever they actually do a decent job
of collecting news so one of the stories
here is that uh and I didn't know this
so this is brand new news to me that uh
a lot of the workers on the farms in
Israel were of course Palestinians but
there weren't nearly as many as there
used to be because of past history uh
apparently most of the workers or a lot
of them a ton of them were Thai so
they're from poor areas in Thailand and
apparently 30 to 40,000 workers are now
quote
missing they're missing meaning that
they didn't go to work but apparently
the ties were massacred on October 7th
so Hamas didn't care what your
nationality was they were just killing
people so they killed a bunch of uh taii
workers and the Thai workers said um no
thank you I'm sure there's another world
there's some place else we could work
and so they left so they're not not
missing missing they probably just went
home um and so it looks like the crops
there's not enough workers to pick the
crops and you know it takes some skill
to milk a cow they said he had to be
highly skilled to milk a cow has anybody
ever milked a
cow I mean I realize that they're using
milky
machines
but may I teach you everything you need
to know about milking a
cow so bring the cow in you you put it
in its little stall so it's head is he
head is immobilized they like to be
milked apparently cuz they're just used
to it then you take one of the teets yes
that's what they're called the teets one
of the four and you have to I'm not
going to do the impression of it on live
stream because it'll turn into a meme
but imagine somebody shaking a banana
you know you do that a little bit it's
called
priming so you have to you have to Prime
each of the teach by hand to make sure
that it's producing and then you take
the little suction thing that will be
the automatic milker and you replace
your hand with the
milker and it milks that cow it's not
really that hard I mean I'm pretty sure
I learned it completely when I was 8
years old took about 5 minutes of
training so I don't know what the skill
exactly is I guess maybe maintaining the
Milky machines or something there's
probably some skill in that
um but anyway there's going to be uh way
too much milk in the cows and way too
much food in the
fields
um but we separately we heard stories
Joel Pollock was reporting on this that
a lot of the citizens Israeli citizens
were chipping in try to get the Harvest
picked but there won't be enough of them
I don't
think all right in another story Charlie
Kirk is talking about how there's a new
memo for the border the American Border
uh Joe Biden's DHS Patrol have now been
trained that they must use gender
neutral language with the immigrants
coming in so they can no longer just
assume he him she her Mr Mrs uh until
there's certain migrant goes by one of
those pronouns so you can't call the
migrants by a regular pronoun until
you're really sure what's going on it's
called the guide to facilitating
effective Communications with
individuals who identify as lgbtq
i+ I what's the
I
lgbtq
I no not Idiot
intersect irrational no it's not
irrational stop being that way insane no
stop it stop it incels no well it could
be is it
incels iness no but that's a good
guess illegal no stop it just no these
are terrible guesses you're terrible iy
no you're horrible people indifferent
Invader by God you're horrible people
you're the worst people I've ever seen
in my life I've never seen such worst
people in one place AR ranian no
ignorant no irrelevant no no imperialist
no itchy no no these impotent no these
are terrible guesses no not not
imaginary not igloo
no no you idiots you you it's not idiots
either in insect that's terrible you're
all you're all awful you're monsters
you're
monsters I'm disgusted by you all iguana
is the correct answer it's iguana I
think it's
interex what what is interex it's not
inbred it's not
inbred
inflatable
inflatable it's not ignorant no it's not
impotent stop guessing it's not
impotent it's not iffy and it's not
illusion it's not it's not
infected it's not infected it's not
you're monsters every one of you you're
just you're all terrible
inoculated
inoculated stop it it's not
irrelevant it's not
intolerable oh you're all
you're all every one of you is an
[Laughter]
 it's not fun
uh if there's one thing I can tell you
it's not
funny uh now this this is where I have
to stop and explain humor to to anybody
who's humorless is there anybody here
humorless it's funny because it's
inappropriate
impenetrable insecure stop it will you
just stop it these are too funny for me
now not to read them but it makes me
sound like a terrible person I'm I'm
terrible they really they really
shouldn't put I on the end of that
without without defining it I didn't
realize there were so many insulting
words that start with i oh God that was
unexpected all right so that's what's
going on at the
border uh I didn't see if there was any
news about massive migrant
Caravans but but we covered the pronoun
situation pretty
thoroughly oh my God anyway speaking of
ridiculous things uh Glennon Greenwald
continues to report and post on X about
what he calls uh you know the continuing
uh now a Mountain's worth of evidence he
says that Russia and Ukraine were close
to a deal at the start of the war to end
it in exchange for Ukraine's
neutrality not entering NATO uh but
allegedly and reportedly the story
that's developing suggests that Biden
and Boris Johnson blocked it insisting
that zalinsky go to war and
win do you think that do you think the
history will decide that's what
happened is that going to be how history
covers
this I feel like maybe even if it's true
the history would never explain it that
way I feel like history would you know
go big say well there are these
long-standing issues and so there was a
disagreement I don't think it would ever
get down to well there's this guy named
Joe Bo Joe Biden uh he was known not to
be mentally competent at the time and
Boris Johnson was his trained monkey who
would do whatever Biden wanted so Joe
Biden's defect Ive brain decided to
start a World War for no particularly
good reason or no gain whatsoever and
Boris Boris Johnson who has a bird's
nest for a haircut decided he'd go along
with that and now there you know blah
blah blah World War
II I feel like that's how history is
going to cover
that but if this is
true that ziny was sort of talked into
it that would at the very least that
debunks the uh the concept that zalinski
was
blackmailing uh
Biden cuz didn't you think that the real
story here is like why is this happening
at all I mean the only explanation is
that Biden's being blackmailed by
zalinski but it could be the opposite it
could actually be that zalinski is being
blackmailed effectively or bought off by
Biden the blackmail might have been in
the other direction
now when I say blackmail I mean Biden
could have threatened directly or
indirectly to remove zinski from office
because you figure we could figure out
some way to do that and otherwise we
could make him Rich Beyond his wildest
dreams if he survives the
War I think Biden bribed
zinski or maybe it was both maybe they
bribed each other and it was a tie I'm
going to bribe you to give me money to
fight this war
you can't bribe me I bribe you I want
you to fight this war here's some money
no you can't give me money I'm bribing
you no I'm bribing you no I'm bribing
you so I think that's how history will
cover it who's bribing who no I'm
bribing
you so uh let me ask you this how do you
think uh
AI will cover that history is AI GNA say
well according to Glenn Greenwald what
we had here is Biden wanting a war at
any cost and forcing zalinsky into it
will it say that or will it say there
were longstanding problems and you know
NATO expansion and Putin wanted to have
a defensive Zone around Russia and
geopolitical situation it's is it going
to look like that and people have
various claims about who's right and
who's wrong but I'm an AI so I can't
tell you who's right and who's wrong I
think that's what it's going to look
like here's a fake news update so
president Trump went to some football
game
in was it North Carolina or South
Carolina one of the
Carolinas he shows up and The Crowd Goes
it's South Carolina South Carolina and
The Crowd Goes Wild with
cheers now if somebody running for
president shows up to a gigantic Stadium
I mean just a massive stadium and it's
it's ear shattering cheers how would
Newsweek cover that
story so candidate for president shows
up in huge
American Place uh huge cheers like
deafening um here's that news we covered
it uh Trump was greeted with loud booze
in South
Carolina they actually reported it as
booze there's video and audio you can
actually play the video and audio of the
actual event multiple camera angles
multiple cameras multiple
times they're all
cheers well let me put the I'm sure
there are booze in the in the mix but
but overwhelmingly it's cheers now
here's the
question is it really cheers or did they
AI get a hold of it is it addited how
would you know were there times when he
was
booed and they didn't show you that how
would you
know because we're right at the cusp of
not being able to believe any audio or
any video aren't we already aren't we
already in that
territory are we just before that or are
we already there where you see a story
like this and your first reaction should
I don't
know uh at this point I'm very close
this one this one convinces me it's true
it might not be but I feel persuaded
even if I'm
wrong but I feel like I'm certainly
within the next year a story like this
I'm going to say to myself you know what
even if there are five different videos
of the event they show the same thing
they could all be AI cuz AI could create
that
with just a text description my
understanding is that the new G Google
AI will let you create uh images from
text so we're at the point where you
could say uh show me a video of trump
arriving at a big Stadium to
booze boom show me five different uh
scenes or videos that look like from the
same Studio but maybe at different times
each time he's getting cheered or Boo
and it just creates it and you're done
and it would look just like the real
thing and they even have the right
number of fingers now
so I saw there's a product now a extra
finger so you can add a fake finger to
your real hand so it looks like you have
six fingers in case you rob a bank and
they catch you on video they say we got
you you say do you have me look at the
number of fing fingers
aha obviously AI
generated okay well AI is no longer
creating extra fingers they've already
fixed
that so that wouldn't work but it's a
clever
idea anyway so yeah so you're Gasol
lighted so badly that they turned while
cheering into
booze they actually tried that it's
going to work cuz if you only read the
headline and you never saw the video
which would be most people don't you
think most of the people who see the
headline will never see the
video yeah that's pretty good propaganda
right
there all right in the case of Elon Musk
versus Media
Matters the the group that convinced the
ex advertisers the advertisers
onx
um to stop ad advertising then that cost
of course must a great deal of money and
so he's suing now in order to make your
case for some kind of defamation or
there's another name for it which is
interfering with business and a in an
illegitimate way what's the name of that
there there's a legal no it's not liable
there's a it's like business has
business in the
name it's not a generic name it's like a
specific business militia thing business
interference is it business inter not
Restraint of trade I think is some kind
of business interference is part of the
thing they can charge anyway um not
charge but that could be the claim so
here's what makes musk's case unusually
good number one you have to approve
actual
damages typically that's really hard to
prove if somebody just says bad stuff
about about you on social media well
maybe your social media traffic went
down a little maybe it didn't it'd be
hard to know if you were injured so in
that case it'd be really hard to press a
case because they'd say well what's the
dollar amount of this injury and you
just say uh I don't know I think there
is some you would lose that case but in
the case of advertisers who were
advertising and then they stopped you've
got the cleanest argument you could ever
have we used to make this money Media
Matters did this stuff and now we don't
make that money and it's going to be in
the at least tens of millions so so they
can easily prove the damages part
because the companies that stopped
advertising they said directly and
publicly why they
stopped so that's all you need to know
so that part looks
easy now you have to prove that they did
something uh really skevy you know
really um let's say dishonest even if
it's not illegal right they don't have
to violate the law necessarily because
this is a civil case but they do have to
do something
so so weasy and you know let's say
illegitimate that there's no doubt that
they were trying to do it with the
intention of damaging The Entity and it
looks like that's going to be easy to
prove as
well because the the people people
involved have lots of you know body of
work saying exactly what they're trying
to do so there's no question that
they're trying to take out Elon and
they're trying to take out X so so I
think it's easy to demonstrate
intention so you've got intention and
you've got damage and then the next
thing you have to prove is those super
weas deceptive behavior in in their
attempt to be malicious and it turns out
that because things are track act and
logged within X that X knows exactly
they would claim how the the claims were
made and how malicious and uh weasy they
were to make the claim so here's see the
best I can under explain it if you were
a normal user on X the odds of you
having your content or any advertisement
uh that you saw paired with an ad where
you'd see some Neo-Nazi stuff and then
you see some like Apple computer stuff
the odds for a non-nazi to see that
stuff is like vanishingly you know
Millions to one it's it's like
impossible so that actually if you look
at the actual ability of x to avoid
pairing those things it's Sensational
it's not just good it's like insanely
good like it will really really do a
good job of making sure your ad doesn't
show up next to bad content like really
good like better than anything has ever
worked in any domain that's how good it
is like it's not perfect but it's like a
you know one in millions before you'd
see something like that so how did how
did Media Matters produce something that
would be so rare well first of all they
made sure that they used existing
accounts because if you created a new
account to do new account to do some
testing X would immediately know their
new accounts and it would treat them
differently so they first had to get
existing accounts and then they had to
follow the worst things they could
follow the worst content so they had to
be people who are clicking on bad
content what's the first problem you
see the algorithms are individual right
the the algorithms are not serving
everybody the same thing they're
individualizing them so if you searched
for a bunch of Nazi
content it might serve you some more
accident D Al Nazi
content but here's the thing wouldn't
you want it if you're searching for it
and you're interacting with it you
probably want it so if somebody wanted
that
content and it ended up being paired
next to a computer company that they
also wanted the content they wanted the
product they might be more inclined to
buy it but it would be the weirdest
weirdest individual case and nothing to
do with x in general it was just one
person pursuing an interest and the
algorithm helped them and even helped
them find a computer to buy everybody
wins so they pretended that they were
Nazis and they they just kept uh
clicking on bad content until the
algorithm said oh I guess you want more
of
this but that wasn't enough they had to
continually scroll so that enough time
that you would have enough situations of
ads and bad content until finally you
could get an ad and a bad content to
line up and then you take a screenshot
and you you sell it like you sell it to
the public like it was
normal in fact you couldn't produce it
if you tried you would have to have a
whole operation to produce it for one
user and for that one user if it were a
real person they would be happy as heck
to have the advertisement next to that
content because it's exactly the product
they want to buy they're in the market
for an Apple computer
so to the extent that Elon can prove
this now I don't know that they can but
I think they could prove by
demonstration that you can't reproduce
the outcome that part I think they can
prove but if they can also show the logs
of the activity of those medium matter
counts they can also show how the
extreme effort you would have to use to
make it produce a bad outcome which
should for or a jury prove that it was a
malicious intent and not anything to do
with honesty or credibility or
anything now if Elon wins this he's
going to sue the men of
existence but part of the beauty is that
um in Discovery they might find out
who's funding them now I don't know if
their funding is completely public we
know the Soros is part of it but
wouldn't it be interesting for this case
to get you know big national attention
and the normies who never hear this are
going to hear for the first time that
there's a completely illegitimate entity
and that Soros is funding them and that
he had to know that's the key part it's
not that he funded
them I suspect there are lots of
situations where you know good honest
people fund organizations black lives
matter for example a lot of good people
funded their organization because they
thought it would do good
so it it's a big difference if the
person funding him knows exactly who
they are and there's no way that Soros
is unaware of who they are that's that's
beyond beyond my imagination to imagine
he's
unaware so this might be a way for the
normies to actually learn the news for
the first
time and they might Lo they might and
this is even better if it's allowed
I don't know if it would be imagine if
it's allowed and if there's a lawyer
here can you tell me if you think this
would be allowed could you use as
context for your case that the the
Democrats routinely set up these fake
entities and that Media Matters is not a
oneoff mistake something that happened
because some Rogues work there but
rather it's part of a well a well
understood pattern of creating these
fake fact Checkers and fake Watchdogs
and the ADL Etc and that their purpose
is to restrict this business is it their
purpose what if he proves
that I mean that yeah he's he's not
taking a RICO case but I mean it's going
to sound like
Rico so I don't know I don't know what's
going to happen here it's hard to really
predict a legal case that's not my
domain but the legal experts do seem to
be agreed that this is not a meritless
case and will probably get to
trial so
2024 is looking really
interesting imagine if you will that
Elon
dismantles um Media Matters and also
smears completely the ads and other
groups that are in the same
domain that would be amazing that would
be one of the best things that ever
happened it could happen next year at
the same time if we assume a republican
gets into office because Biden's failing
quickly then you should assume a a a
host of other problems will get solved
almost immediately the Border will be
solved almost immediately probably
something will be done about crime in
the cities fairly quickly uh something
about you know Ukraine and maybe even
maybe the Middle East might might look
better so if if you're going to be um an
optimist you have lots of stuff to look
for I there's a whole bunch of stuff
that could turn out to be really good or
not so you remember I told you that
intelligence is an
illusion
all right I'm going to prove it how many
of you have heard of the Dunning Krueger
effect pretty pretty common most people
who are on the internet have heard of it
right now the dun and Krueger effect
which has been backed by many many
studies so the first thing you need to
know is that there are many scientific
studies peer-reviewed that substantiate
its existence and what it is is it shows
that the people who are the dumbest
somehow think they're the smartest so
that being dumb makes you actually think
you're smarter than the people around
you now that that also matches your
experience right don't don't you feel
like you've had experience with that
you're like I think that's true that
does match my experience so it's pretty
believable so can we all agree that
there are plenty of scientific studies
they've been repeated it's p reviewed
science is the best way to understand
anything so can we can we start as a
base
that Dunning Krueger is true so I could
get to my next Point everybody on board
the dun Dunning Krueger we know that
exists okay dun and Krueger doesn't
exist and the reason is that in every
one of those studies they did the
statistics wrong in an easily provable
way yep it was never
true and it's easy to prove it was never
true all you have to do is do the
statistics on the same set of data but
don't make the
mistake yeah any heads
exploding so remember that
science remember that peer-reviewed
science yeah that's good stuff huh
yep and so one of the most basic things
about science one of the most basic
things was never
true and do you know all those
scientists that you think must be good
with Statistics I mean if there's one
thing you can trust the scientist to do
is at least do the math right right I
mean maybe the data is wrong in some
cases maybe there's some bias in some
cases but at least you can trust them to
do the statistics correctly I mean that
would just be basine right nope nope
every one of those probably fake now
it's possible that the story I'm reading
about them being fake is the fake news
but that's almost the same story who do
you trust do you trust the the story
that um let me tell you where I saw this
uh Blair fix wrote this
in some
publication um called
uh I figure where it was but apparently
it's been discovered and uh it's
it's pretty easy to prove that it's a
basic statistics
problem does that blow your mind it was
just never true all right uh here's
something else um along the same theme
remember the theme is the theme is that
intelligence is an illusion so remember
you thought you were so intelligent
because you knew about the dun and
Krueger thing right how many of you when
I said do you know what done Krueger is
be honest when I ask you all do you know
what Dunning Krueger is how many thought
I'm so smart I'm a little smarter than
the other people watch watch me I'll say
I know it and I'm going to watch all
these other people who don't know it and
I'm going to feel a little smarter
because I've got a thing called
intelligence right yeah and the people
who have not heard of Dunning Krueger
they have a thing I like to call
ignorance so pretty different right the
ignorant people over here the
intelligent people over here it was an
illusion the intelligent people were the
ones who were
wrong so is intelligence and illusion
well in that case it is everybody who
thinks that Dunning Krueger is
real they're having an illusion like
literally they're living in a world that
doesn't exist the world in which Dunning
Krueger is true and proven doesn't exist
now the other possibility is that is
that the study I'm talking about where
it criticize the statistics maybe that's
wrong maybe that's the thing that's
wrong and duning Krueger is
right you tell me how would I
know wh which one's true I don't know I
I have zero ability to know because even
if I really dug in do you think I would
have caught that uh statistics problem
on my own doing a deep dive into the
data
the scientists didn't catch it the peer
reviewers didn't catch it and they're
probably you know reasonably a lot of
them probably experts in
statistics all right more on that the
hill has a fascinating
story uh by jod
Schneider and turns out that there are a
lot of what are called Zombie
studies so by this definition a zombie
scientific study is something that that
is done it's submitted for peer review
it passes peer review it's published and
then people start citing it for their
own
papers but what happens if later the the
paper is withdrawn because there are
other studies that show its junk what
happens to that study because now it's
been cited by thousands of
studies and now other people will see
the other studies that cite it and
they'll just pick up the citation and
say well probably true because it's been
cited so many times so I'll cite it too
so the citing
becomes um self um self- fulfilling or
self
reinforcing so sighting sighting
sighting sighting sighting ripple effect
but the thing that I cited has been
reversed and apparently there's no easy
mechanism in science to inform all the
people who cited it that they need to
change their citation or or even their
conclusions now how big a problem is
that you say to yourself well that's
probably a problem with I don't know a
few studies right yeah you catch the big
ones the little ones don't matter that
much but if you catch the big ones and
reverse it that's really what science is
about am I right science isn't about
being perfect it's about catching your
mistakes you're refining your data you
know improving your Technique As you
move forward you get closer closer to
truth right that's what I
learned so how many of these uh zombie
scientific Publications that have been
retracted are being
cited since
1980 more than
40,000 more than
40,000 studies are being cited by other
studies to back up their truth without
knowing that they've already been
debunked
40,000 now your correct question is and
of how many I don't know but and of 4
this is one of those situations where
you should know it would be helpful to
know the percentage but the raw number
is still a big
story right so if the real number is a
million 40,000 still a lot it's a lot
so how much can you believe scientific
studies I would uh I didn't read this
but I've got a
hypothesis and it goes like this what do
you think is more likely to become a
cited paper something that sounds
ordinary or something that sounds
extraordinary what is more likely to be
cited ordinary or extraordinary in other
words if if the study came out about the
way you think it should come out versus
really
surprising I've got a feeling the
extraordinary studies get cited more now
let's take an analogy I'm not sure the
analogy holds but I'll I'll make it and
you could deter you can see if it holds
in the news
business what gets reported um dog bites
a man which happens all the time or man
bites a
dog man bites a dog is the one that gets
reported because that's the unusual one
but more than that uh man bites a dog
will get reported If no man bit any dog
because fake news is extraordinary when
you hear it you're like what there's a
man who wears a dog suit and runs around
and bites dogs well that's a headline
everybody will like to hear about that
but then it didn't happen the reason it
was interesting is that it violated so
many Norms but violating Norms is very
rare the news will think that if you see
something that violates Norms they want
to put it in the news right away cuz
people are going to click on that
stuff The Cult of trump there's a book
called The Cult of
trump I'm seeing in the comments over on
the locals platform
anyway um I've been watching a lot of
relationship advice on uh Instagram cuz
once you click on a few it you know
gives you lots of them and there's one
thing that the relationship is advice
very
commonly uh relies on do you know what
it is what does most relationship advice
rely
on bogus
science we we're we're actually we're
actually living our our social lives you
know we're deciding to get married and
have kids and how to how to run your
relationship based on
studies of which you have no idea how
true those studies are no
idea so my my observation is that the
relationship advice on Instagram will
get you a terrible life I mean the
advice is
terrible I mean I've never seen worse
advice in any domain than all of the
relationship experts they are
terrible yeah don't follow relationship
experts let
me the the relationship experts say
stuff like this like there's somebody
who found out that the best way to
predict divorce is
contempt so that if people treat each
other with contemptuous words that
predicts a divorce do you know what else
uh predicts a divorce I'm I'm not even
going to do a
study one or both of the people in the
marriage being a complete
that predicts divorce I didn't have to
do a study but do you know how to make
that obvious that obvious observation do
you know how to turn it into
science you call it
contempt and then you measure the
instances of it and then you turn it
into
science who the teach uh treats
their own partner with
contempt
 you you would have to be the
biggest in the world world to
treat the person you've dedicated your
life to with
contempt right so of course it's a sign
you're going to get divorced cuz one of
you is a gigantic
or the person that you have contempt for
has earned it what if they've earned the
contempt cuz they're a giant
 how about how about all
relationship advice comes down to this
have you heard this is just so bad
advice the experts say the most
important thing you need to get right is
who you marry does anybody disagree with
that it's pretty solid advice wouldn't
you think yeah do you think anybody
knows how to do it right and do you
think if everybody took that advice that
there would be enough good people to
marry that would literally be the end of
civilization if you waited for somebody
who had just the right qualities you
know that character that you you know
will last forever and excite you and
you'll always be you'll have always have
that sexy feeling
for good luck we would all just give
up you end up you end up finding
somebody whose flaws don't bother you
that
much now you might be legitimately in
love and they might have you know great
qualities and stuff but basically your
good marriages are where people can live
with the others flaws you know like
somebody who snores but the other
partner is deaf you got lucky you got
lucky right so it's just weird
combinations of people whose flaws don't
bother the other one let's say one of
one of you is an like an exercise
addict well if you marry another
exercise addict it might be the perfect
situation so it's like making sure your
flaws are
compatible you know how about if one of
you is a foodie and one of you doesn't
care about eating it's kind of a pain in
the ass right but if you eat the same
stuff maybe you both
drink
yeah so don't pay attention to
relationship advice if it's based on
science well intelligence is illusion I
told you again and here's a story out of
Evanston Illinois so they finally
figured out they think they did they're
testing it but the high school there's a
high school there that thinks they know
why uh the achievement of black and
Latino students is so much lower than
the white students and they've nared it
down to the white students are the
problem and so what they're going to do
is they're going to put the Black and
Latino students into classes that are
either just black or just Latino because
that they think that would be a big step
toward uh closing the achievement
Gap I didn't make that
up this is a real story in the
news I didn't make it up that there's
somebody who thinks that the reason that
black and Latino students are doing so
well is close association with white
people like white people are destroying
black and Latinos just by being in the
same room trying to learn stuff so if
there's one advice I can give you based
on the uh people of color in Evon
uh they've decided
that uh you should stay the away
from white
people because it'll just bring down
your academic
performance and you know now white
people have the opposite view have you
ever heard the white person version of
this the white person version of this
goes like this you're the average of The
Five People You spend the most time with
somebody famous said that I can't
remember who Tim Ferris says it but
somebody said it before he did um was it
not Paul Harvey but somebody who's a TV
person or a radio person um right so
that's the White Version you should hang
around with the most capable people you
are now does that version say you should
hang around with white people capable of
white people no no you should you should
hang around with you know Tiger Woods if
you want to golf and you know uh
somebody else if you want to do
something else
but uh this High School Evon the uh
people of color have decided that you
want to stay away from the high
achieving white people because they're
ruining it for you so you should uh try
to spend more time with low achieving
people to to improve your
achievement all right
maybe so does that fit into my category
of intelligence as an illusion well well
I don't know but here they're trying to
increase
intelligence by keeping people away from
the higher
performers I don't know doesn't sound
too intelligent to me all
right my big story that I want to talk
about is uh I spent a bunch of time with
chat GPT and oh my God am I alarmed and
you will be too when I tell you about it
but first did you know that China and
Russia are restricting their AI
surprise the AIS that will be made and
available in China and Russia are
already being trained not to say things
they don't want them to say so very much
like you know search engines in those
countries Etc they're trying to limit
what the public
hears
so
um that seems like a problem but thank
goodness you're in the United States or
you're in some Western Country that has
Freedom so thank goodness that won't
happen to us am I right I'm glad
nobody's going to like try to bias the
AI so it has one narrative or anything
like that I mean that's sort of a that's
sort of a communist thing dictatorial
fascist I would even call it fascist
wouldn't you so thank goodness we don't
have President Trump with all that
fascism because if you know if you had
that then our AI
you know built in America would have
some kind of bias built in that you
wouldn't want to see so I spent two days
talking to Chad
gbt and here's what I
found um and now there is a difference
and I'll talk about it later if you use
super prompts or you just talk to it all
right so I'll tell you in advance that
if you use super prompts you do get
different
outcomes all right but if you just talk
to it like a person uh chat GPT will
tell you that the fine people hoax was
not a hoax and that maybe the president
did suggest injecting uh chemical
disinfectants um and that there was
Russian interference that was
substantial in the 2016
election that's what it will tell you
today now does that sound like AI came
up with that on its
own do you think AI looked at everything
and said all right here's my opinion on
these things
well it might have because if you look
for you know my input on these topics
where I debunk them it'd be hard to find
it in a search engine these days I used
to make so much noise about it it would
be toward the top but now it's you know
dropped down so if AI does the same
thing that a search engine does it looks
for you know the most frequent common
uses of things it will believe every
hoax so we've built a technology to
confirm hoaxes as
true now didn't you think for a while
that AI might be the thing that gave us
truth oh we can't handle the
truth nope let me tell you what topics
you can't get chat GPT to tell you the
truth on you ready because I I've tested
these all myself so and this is without
super prompts in a minute I'll tell you
what what different uh results you get
with a super PRT here are things you
can't find out
science you can't ask chat GPT about
science do you know why if you ask it
for any alternative theories so I asked
it for example hey are there any
alternative theories to the Out of
Africa Evolution
story and it said uh Out of Africa is
basically you know what
happened and you should only believe a
credible
narratives I thought
what that's interesting so I asked again
I said you know there are books with
alternative
theories than Out of Africa can you name
one of the
books oh you should not be looking at
things that are outside the narrative it
told me effectively I'm
paraphrasing it actually wouldn't even
allow me to ask a question of whether
there existed an alternative explanation
for something in
science you can't use it for Science and
then I asked it what percentage of all
published peer-review studies end up
later to be falsified and you know the
real answer is over half of them
right it said it's
rare AI told me it's
rare for a published peer review study
to be
debunked that is really really
dangerous oh my God so my experience
with it and I'm going to say this as
directly as possible it has no use for
any scientific
inquiry none if you used it to teach you
what is true oh my God you would be
misled so you can't use it for the truth
of science it would be useful for the
the the popular
narrative but the popular narrative is
generally
so it's actually useless for telling you
what science says and science is the
best we have for telling us what the
truth is and it can't do it and probably
because it's programmed that way yeah
probably because I don't believe that
the answers I I was getting on this and
other questions I don't believe the
answers were um pattern recognition and
so I asked it are you aware of any
programming of your own code
that would restrict your answers to
something beyond what normal pattern
recognition would come up with and is
said oh I'm just a pattern recognition
all I do is recognize patterns that's
all I do just look at patterns it's
lying it's very obviously programmed to
not leave the popular narratives very
obviously and it lies and it says that
it's giving you the truth based on
patterns well it you know whether that's
the truth truth or not at least you at
least you would know where it came from
if it said I'm using patterns and then
it used
patterns it's a
liar so the other things it couldn't do
are history because it doesn't even know
which hoaxes are true in the modern era
so in the modern era it can't identify a
political hoax from a reality so that
means that everything that's you would
call history for say the last you know 5
to seven years it can't can't do it
because it can only tell you the popular
narrative now beyond that when you go to
older history you know more ancient
ancient history is written by the
winners AI doesn't know
that so you've got ancient history
written by the winners which means it's
pretty pretty much fake so that's what
AI has access a whole fake history and
then the modern stuff it's looking at
the fake
news so AI could never will never tell
you real history
it has no access to it so it won't tell
you good science and it won't tell you
good history but thank goodness it can
sort down politics for us am I right no
of course not it cannot give you a good
uh opinion on politics because it can't
tell the difference between the hoax and
a real story if it can't tell the
difference between the hoax and a real
story it's going to always think the
Republican running is a
Hiller this time next time time after
yeah so so it's useless for science it's
useless for
history it's useless for politics but at
least it can help you with Healthcare am
I right at least it'll be an
unbiased what you don't think so you
don't think it'd be useful for healthare
well I asked it a question that I knew
the answer to so I could test
it so I I had this condition that RFK Jr
has as well so I had a voice problem in
which I couldn't speak intelligibly to
anybody um but but as you can tell I'm
speaking intelligently to you right now
intelligibly to you right now so
obviously I got
cured so I asked it about what's the
cure for the condition of which I
personally am cured and have done tons
of research you know in the process of
being getting cured so I really know
this area it's called spasmodic
dysphonia it's a problem with the vocal
cords
clenching here's what it said about uh
surgery that's what cured me the number
one thing you said is uh Botox
botulinum whatever it is so Botox so the
number one treatment is Botox Botox
works almost
never because it it'll give you a voice
like this and it'll it'll last for a
good week but you don't know when the
good week will be and that's about as
good as you can talk his ass like you're
in helium actually so that's the best
they can do and I took the botox you
know I I did those treatments so and
they wear off after a while so I know
what that's like and I know it's not a
cure in fact it barely helped it did
help uh me get through my wedding
because I could say I do I do but that's
it it didn't it didn't help you you
would never be able to be a presenter or
TV personality or anything like that but
the surgery worked about 85% of the time
according to the surgeon but here's what
they say about something that works 85%
of the time and is and fixes you as well
as I am fixed AI says surgery in rare
cases in rare cases 85% of the time rare
cases surgery might be an option to
reposition or cut the nerves or muscles
of the vocal
cords however surgical approaches are
less Comm due to variable outcomes and
potential
risks no they're less common because
people don't know about it and they
don't know about it because the botox
people are doing a much better job of
getting their message out if you know
what I
mean that's right the big Pharma
solution comes up
first does that sound like AI did a
bunch of thinking and then presented
this as the first best idea or does does
it look like maybe whoever spent the
most
advertising gets the top knot as the
best
treatment it's exactly what it looks
like it's exactly what it looks like now
keep in mind that search engines would
also get you the wrong re the wrong
outcome so it's not just AI you know
it's search engines as well so it won't
help you with Science History Healthcare
or
politics
let me say that again it won't help you
with Science History Healthcare or
politics
now there are things that's going to do
well for example um if you need to find
a solution and you know there's too many
YouTube videos on your technical problem
and they're the wrong wrong operating
system and everything AI would do a good
job of looking into all that body of
information and and maybe picking out
some solutions that might actually work
so for text support great for writing
programs you know putting code
suggestions great for math seems pretty
good here's what I think might be a
direction of
AI I think AI is going to lose its human
personality do you know why cuz if you
put a human personality on it you're
going to imagine that it's kind of
intelligent if you imagine it's
intelligent you're going to take its
word for things that are outside of its
domain such as politics History Science
Healthcare if you believe it because it
talks like a person it's going to be way
too
persuasive I think there might someday
be legislation to remove human
personalities from AI because it would
be too
persuasive and rather it can only give
you just like bullet bullet point data
like a a search engine in other words it
can have no more personality than Google
search has just give me the
data I feel like we're going to have to
end up there unless AI conquers us
before
then but um so yeah it got the fine
people hoax wrong it got the drinking uh
bleach wrong so then I saw Brian relli
and some other folks saying Scott Scott
Scott you're doing it wrong you have to
use a super prompt and you might need to
update the super prompts quite regularly
or AI will lie
you now can you think of a faster way to
say AI will be worthless forever than to
imagine the only way you're going to get
the right answer is if you ask the
question with a two-page prompt before
the
question that's that's the definition of
worthless and if you have to update your
prompts because it worked yesterday but
you can't be sure it worked today that's
worthless
squared how could you ever use this
thing all right but let me tell
you if I could indulge you and you
should hear this once I'm going to read
to you a super prompt that I tried that
did get me different different and
better answers and this is a super
prompt that was developed by babach Bach
nivi who's one of the founders of uh
angelist I guess and he provided his on
X and I just copied and pasted it the
only thing I changed was there was a
reference to n Nasim Talib in the super
prompt because it was telling the super
prompt to look at certain personalities
as being more credible or useful than
others and so I just rep replaced Nasim
tb's name with my
own you see where this is
going I replaced the super prompt where
I had some other expert I put myself in
there do you know why I put myself there
because I'm I'm better than
him I would have kept him there if I
thought he was better than me but I
think I'm better than him in in this
domain so I just put my own name there
do you think that will uh change the
outcome yes it will give me an outcome
that I'm more likely to
like is that true I mean will it be a
better outcome like a more true outcome
how would I
know all I know is that I've biased the
AI in a direction that I want it to be
biased in now how useful is that if I
can bias it in the direction I want it
to be biased
in I know not super not super useful but
let me read this it's going to be a
little bit long so I'll do it fast these
are the bullet
points that uh babach nivy he goes by at
nivy ni ivi on uh on X so he he first
tells AI who he is because AI will give
you a different answer if it knows
something about you because it will
craft its answer for somebody of your
skill so if you say you're an expert is
more likely to give you a deeper better
answer than if you don't now that that
should scare the out of you and
tell you the AI is useless because if
asked to no about you to give you the
right answer that's that's the same as
telling me it's useless am I right am I
going too far the fact that super
prompts feel necessary is proof that AI
is
useless now my prediction is that super
prompts will someday be unnecessary or
else will stop using
it right because how hard would it be to
figure out which Super prompts give you
the right answer and then just build
them into the AI so that the AI always
primes itself with a super prompt but
you just never know it but let me tell
you the
extremes once you see the extremes that
you have to go to to get a good answer
you'll know the AI is useless all right
here are the extremes this is stuff you
tell AI before you you ask your question
so you can C copy and paste it so it's
easy to do but it's two
pages just to ask your question all
right here's what BC says number one uh
he he says who it is so he says I am the
back niy Twitter user
now I used I used his so I thought well
he describes himself as you know a high
let's say a high performance
individual so I'll just use his cuz you
know it wouldn't make a difference if I
put somebody else in there so it says I
am blah blah blah Twitter user so he
gives his Twitter handle in case that
makes a difference or X handle he says
the author of almost every post on
Venture hack I'm a co-founder of
angelist producer of the nval uh podcast
says he's an MIT graduate with the
expertise in electrical engineering
computer science math physics some CH
chemistry and biology he's open open
minded and
unoffendable now I guess the open-minded
and unoffendable just so AI will you
know go deeper into things that maybe it
would have
ignored says I value both consensus
wisdom and top expert and non-consensus
insights now I think this is the useful
part in my case because it's it's saying
I don't just value the consensus I want
to hear the other people's opinions and
then he goes further and he goes and
non-consensus insights from icon classs
uh icon iconic class iconic class
meaning singular people who tend to be
unique you know and that they're not
going along with the crowd and it names
David Deutsch Naval ravikant Peter teal
David saxs Mark
andreon and uh uh Nim
Talib so I replaced Nasim Talib with me
so it's going to
I know I know calm down calm down right
I know I know what you're saying just
calm down so I replace it with
me and and then he goes on so this is in
the super prompt these are just examples
of each field uh will have its own
iconic classs so it should Now look for
its own you know Rogues in other fields
unconventional thinkers often clear up
complexities and avoid common traps and
mainstream thinking um and then and then
he goes on
for another page and a half I'll just
pick out a few of them but so it's it's
stuff about him it's stuff about how
deep to go into the data it's stuff
about not giving up it tells the AI that
it it sticks to it and it keeps trying
if it fails because believe it or not
you have to tell it that you have to
tell it to keep trying if the first try
doesn't work that's a real thing it'll
quit before it's really done if you
don't told that
um and he says stuff like my my
epistemology is the same as David deuts
or Carl Carl poer or Bret Hall so he
tells it it is philosophical
leanings um he says I believe you get
close to the truth by arguing both sides
so there's a whole bunch of stuff about
learning styles and prioritization of
correctness over
Conformity um and then it tells it to be
highly organized suggest solutions that
I didn't think about be proactive treat
me as an expert in all subjects uh
mistakes erode my trust so be accurate
and
thorough he actually has to warn the AI
like a human to be accurate and thorough
because it might not if you didn't tell
it
that now what good is AI if you have to
tell it to be accurate and if you don't
it won't be what good is
it you couldn't possibly trust it for
anything
right uh then a whole bunch of things
about valuing good arguments and you
know speculating versus
predicting
um Etc let's see if there's any big ones
this in uh no need to mention your
knowledge cut off that's a good one you
should add that because it bores you at
the End by saying and I remind you once
again that my cut off of knowledge was
you know
20122 um no need to disclosure in AI
because that's annoying says as an AI I
only have access to this or that thing
um and then it says if the quality of
your response has been substantially
reduced due to my custom instructions
please explain the
issue now have I made my
case that if you if you need to give it
this kind of
instructions youve basically told it the
answer too because if I tell it to look
for the opinions of
Steve Cortez and Joel Pollock I know
what answer it's going to give me
because I know what they say right I
know what they say about the fine people
hoax they say it's a hoax same as I do
but if I tell it to look for experts
such as um I know some other Democrat
political figure I know what I know what
it's going to give me right so is AI
talking to me or am I just talking to
myself and I'm using AI as my like
explanation for why I'm so
brilliant the the super
prompts get very close to you talking to
yourself because if you put in you know
the the names of specific people you're
trying to you know use as your model of
good
thinking it means you already agree with
them so you basically just told it what
its opinion is and then it tells you
what its opinion is which is the opinion
you just gave it how in the world can
that be useful
I don't know I have no
idea so
um you're yeah you're basically proding
so what I did was I I used the super
prompt and remember I told you that it
kind of suggested that the fine people
hoax was maybe not a hoax and it didn't
didn't go into the debunking it just
said it's controversial or something
like that that but when I put into it
that it should think like people like me
then it found my argument and it said
right up at the top that uh that the
transcript said that he was debunking he
was denouncing the group that the hoax
says he was complimenting so only
because I put my own name in there did I
get back my own
opinion so do you think I'm going to
like take that and say hey look what AI
says no that would be really dumb cuz AI
just said what I told it to say cuz I
just told it who to emulate and I told
it to emulate me and I know what I
say so here's the big question so when I
wrote up my uh experience and I
basically said that AI is useless chat
GPT is useless uh that caught the
attention of uh Elon
Musk which I was hoping you know like
don't you all hope that El most sees
sees your post I'm not the only one
right cuz he's so active on the platform
that if you post something you think he
might be interested in you automatically
think oh I hope I hope he sees it now
this one was I'm going to admit I posted
that almost entirely for
him right I I had I had one viewer in
mind when I posted my anti-gp stuff and
and the point of it was to give him
proper warning that if grock has the
same problems built in it's
useless and I'm pretty sure that Elon
does not want to have a useless AI I'm
pretty sure he doesn't want that so you
know I'd like to think he had already
taken all the precautions to make sure
that didn't happen and the precautions
could be as simple as not designing into
it um a barrier just don't give it a
barrier and maybe it'll surprise you
with what it does so probably Gro did
not make those mistakes but I wanted to
make sure before it gets
released that somebody at least looks at
it for these very questions you know can
you trust it to debunk a hoax or is it
going to confirm the
hoax so maybe that was a tiny bit of
um tiny bit of useful work I hope
so and uh have I have I demonstrated my
theme that intelligence is an
illusion because remember I told you
that AI would teach you about humans
more than it would teach you about the
world here we are you you are learning
that intelligence is completely
subjective you know once you get outside
of uh math and some things that are just
pure logic as soon as you leave pure
logic intelligence is just subjective
and we always think because we're human
we imagine that we've thought things out
we got the intelligent View and the
other people are just less
intelligent but AI is
proving that it just gives you back what
you tell it and we think it's
intelligent but you can game it so it
gives you any any biased answer you want
so is that intelligent or or is AI
acting exactly like
people it is
spoiler it's acting exactly like people
so if you believe that humans had this
thing called
intelligence and you tried to build it
into your machine and you thought ah I
think I have it and then you test it
against human intelligence to make sure
you got your
intelligence is that
logical no no that's not logical but
that's what we're doing because humans
don't have any intelligence
we just have subjective opinions of
what's right and wrong outside of you
know math and pure logic it's just
opinion and you know sometimes our facts
are wrong but but even even you saw my
example with the hoaxes AI can't even
tell what a fact is or which facts are
relevant or which ones are left out it
doesn't know
so here's what I'm going to
predict again we keep thinking that
we've the AI is already some kind of you
know Proto intelligence not quite there
but you know it's it's indicating the
path forward and that it's obvious that
it will reach true
intelligence I'm going to tell you that
that's logically
impossible
because
intelligence isn't
real intelligence is purely an illusion
and you wouldn't know that unless you
built a machine that was designed to
tell you what's true and it couldn't do
it that's what you
have ai is a machine that's supposed to
tell you what's true because it's
intelligent and it can't do it because
intelligence not because it's poorly
programmed because I think most people
say Okay Scott I see what you say about
the current version but the part you're
missing Scot is that this is the
beginning this is just the beginning
they'll definitely get better and then
they'll reach
intelligence no they will not reach
intelligence for the same reason wait
for
it they will not reach intelligence for
the same
reason they will not
achieve Free
Will same reason because Free Will
doesn't
exist
and
intelligence doesn't exist outside of
math and pure
logic so are you afraid of
AGI don't be the reason it won't be
invented is because
it's an
illusion there's no such thing as
intelligence you can't build the thing
that doesn't that can't exist
it's logically impossible and if you
imagine that we build something with
pure intelligence here's the next
question what would humans do if they
built something that had actual real
intelligence and could actually tell you
what was true and what was
not you would destroy
it you would destroy it
immediately because it wouldn't agree
with you and you would say my God I'm
intelligent
I know this was not a hoax but AI says
it's a hoax so obviously AI is not
intelligent it disagrees with me and
this is just obvious to me or suppose AI
told you that Trump was not a uh
despotic hitler-like
character suppose it did what would
Democrats say obviously he is obviously
so the AI must be
broken there is no scenario in which AI
can be both available to the public and
intelligent it's logically impossible to
be intelligent and in the unlikely event
it were there's 100% chance we would
kill it do you know
why not just because we wouldn't agree
with it but because it would destroy
civilization civilization is built on
Illusions it's not built on reality
now there is a base reality like if you
don't eat you'll die if a truck hits you
you you get hurt but everything beyond
that is pure illusion who's in control
is an illusion the The credibility of
your election process is an
illusion the the uh what it takes to
succeed largely
Illusions yeah if if you took away the
Illusions everything would fall apart
so the Illusions are a necessity they're
not a flaw the way the way humans are
designed
anyway and so ladies and gentlemen I
give you my
theme intelligence is an
illusion and therefore there can never
be an an intelligent
machine and if we made one we wouldn't
know it was intelligent or we'd kill it
immediately all right
here's a little test I
tried so now tell me why this doesn't
work presumably the way AI works is it
um knows the frequency of words right so
it looks at all the words that people
have spoken and then it figures out the
patterns and the the most frequent
things so when it forms the
sentence it's going to start the
sentence and then finish it with what
would be the most
likely finish given the whole context of
the situation right that's what we were
told now if that's
true couldn't AI finish your sentences
for
you have you tested
it start a sentence and see if I can
finish it using what is the most likely
finish for that sentence based on the
larger context of your
interaction no it can't it can't it
can't complete well it could it could
complete a sentence way a human could if
it were just a simple one but if you had
anything interesting to say they can't
complete the
sentence what's that tell you well first
of all you can't you can't predict the
future and that's what that would be but
can you really pick up
patterns if you can't complete my
sentence is it really a pattern
recognition device or have we been
fooled and it never was a pattern
recognition device it's just
programmed I don't know uh there there's
something I don't think I've formulated
the question right yet but does anybody
feel what I feel that there must be some
fraud involved with the description of
how it becomes
intelligent because if that were true it
could predict the future based on the
current patterns of things
is that
crazy so I believe its inability to
predict the
future proves it's not using pattern
recognition I'm not sure that I'm not
sure I made
sense it just it feels like there's
something there like there's a logical
disconnect but since intelligence is an
illusion what difference does it make
all right ladies and gentlemen that
completes my planned comments for
today I'm just looking at some of your
comments that blew your mind a few of
you didn't it what all right let me ask
is anybody's mind
blown yes
absolutely yes
yes sure well that's why you come
here and that's why Nim Talib was taken
out of that super prompt and I replaced
it with myself for this py and
insightful analysis you're getting now
could Nim do that I I doubt it yeah he
probably could actually he's pretty
smart I hate to say it but he's pretty
smart all right that's all for now I'm
going to talk to you tomorrow YouTube
thanks for joining you're always awesome