hey there I
am well we're getting ready for an
amazing show
today I know they're usually amazing but
might be better than usual you never
know
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and it's
the best time you've ever had but we can
take this up to levels that you'll never
even understand with your tiny shiny
human brain and to do that all you need
is a cuper Mugger a glass a tanker gel
or steine a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
hope mean end of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
that's right the simultaneous sip
go well it's nice to have all the
morning people here the people who get
up on a weekend on a
Sunday and it's no such thing as too
early for this content so you're the
special people you're the go-getters the
uh the movers and shakers you're
unusually sexy and smarter than people
think so that's who you are how would
you like a show anybody up for that all
right so deep mind there's a there's a
uh bunch of Engineers at Google's Deep
Mind project who finally found something
to do with robots and AI that really
could change
everything they've developed a robot
that can play amateur level ping pong
finally finally I I have two ping pong
tables but I don't really have anybody
to
play so the minute this is
available I'm not sure exactly how much
I would pay for a pingpong playing robot
but it's not it wouldn't be a low number
I mean i' I'd put some serious money
into it I was actually looking at my
tables yesterday and thinking God if
only I had a robot that could just hit
some balls back it'd be really fun and I
thought well it won't be too long before
I have a pingpong robot oh yeah I'm
completely serious if they make this
pingpong robot commercially available
I'm almost certainly going to get
one well the people who make OIC and I
guess people studying it say that o OIC
that's the weight loss drug that your
doctor recommends sometimes uh that if
you're on OIC you have way better sex so
people are reporting that uh after they
lost 85
PBS sometimes just one of them one of
the partners that their sex life
improved and they're thinking huh is
there something about this OIC drug that
makes people a little bit
randier to which I said h here again
maybe you should talk to Scott before
you spend a lot of money doing a study
let's see would losing 85 pounds improve
your sex life I'm going to say
yes so if there's anybody else who is
thinking of spending a lot of money to
find out why people on OIC are suddenly
having more sex you don't need to you
could just stop what you're doing right
now they will have more sex
if there are any other questions you'd
like to ask before you waste a lot of
money on some big old study I'm here for
you seriously just ask I can I can
answer most of
these here's a interesting uh study
apparently you can reframe anxiety so
there's a Washington State University
LED study in which they looked at people
who were doing funding pitches for
startups and of course you would have
anxiety if you're going to do a funding
pitch because if people like you it
could change your life because you get
funding and they found out that if they
simply reframe the
anxiety as a emotion that somebody has
about the importance of their funding
pitch that they actually get a better
response from the
funders let me say that again they
reframe anxiety the anxiety that they
would know giving a pitch they reframe
that as
emotion that you have emotion for the
thing you're trying to promote now the
example they gave was people trying to
get funding for a charity now I'm not
sure if that would exactly extend to
funding a business but funding a charity
you would have some real emotional
connection to it and apparently if you
have an emotional connection to it you
get a better response and you can
reframe your anxiety
as your emotion your positive emotion
for the thing you're
promoting and they tested it and it
turns out that people receive the
message better if you're just you're
thinking of it as your emotion and not
your anxiety now you might say to
yourself but wait a minute the anxiety
that I have for a pitch is a completely
different thing than emotion I have for
my thing that I want the funding for but
your brain is just a machine and if you
move it from first gear to second gear
it doesn't have a choice of being in
first gear anymore you just moved it to
another gear so think of reframes like
that they don't have to be logical by
the way that's my book reframe your
brain teaches you this a reframe doesn't
need to be logical it doesn't need to
make any sense at all it just needs to
work and because your brain is a machine
and because your brain works on
uh word patterns just like AI does if
you change the word pattern you can
sometimes get an unexpected positive
benefit this is very much reminds me of
the reframe I was teaching to my sub
subscribers on locals I do little videos
I call Micro lessons and the most recent
one I did was on a reframe that was not
my own somebody else's but instead of
saying I have to do something let's say
exercise you say I get to do it now
that's not a logical
change but will you see how much that
changes your perspective when you say I
get to do this I get to exercise imagine
if you couldn't exercise for whatever
reason it would feel like a privilege if
you got to exercise so it's easy to just
put your brain in the wow I'm so lucky I
get to do this mode for things that you
you know dreading or feel felt like
drudgery now I added to that by saying
imagine that you'd been dead for a
thousand years and living in the spirit
world and then somehow you got a magical
ability to go back to your old ordinary
life where you're just doing drudgery
like brushing your teeth and feeding the
dog and those things you usually think
ah I can't wait till I'm done with this
so I can go do the things I enjoy but if
you've been gone for a thousand years
and you got to just experience this life
again feeding the dog would be
awesome so I just imagine I just pop
back to life and I'm just experiencing
my life for one of the the rarest
opportunities to just feel like what it
is to just be alive to be able to do
things to touch things to move things
changes your perspective instantly by
the way this this would't really change
you so just say I don't have to do it I
get to do it and imagine that you came
from a Thousand-Year death
just to try it down again see see how
your arms and legs move and see how it
feels so the remember uh the United
States has this quote special
relationship with Great Britain you know
we're we're special
friends um I think that's kind of over
because if I'm afraid of traveling there
because I think I would be arrested for
something I've said on x five years ago
um and that's a real that's a real risk
and by the way the U the UK says they
can they would at least try to extradite
people maybe even Americans so that they
could punish them in the
UK for something they said in America as
an
American on an American
platform now you say to yourself well
you my government's never going to let
Great Britain ship me out of the country
and put me in jail and Great
Britain well if your if your government
is a trump government it's not going to
happen but what would happen under a
Harris Walsh government if they said
huh uh let me let me see if we
understand this request Great Britain uh
can can you say that again uh we'd like
to um we'd like to uh arrest Scott Adams
because he said some things that we
consider hay speech and then the her
Administration says Scott Adams huh
what's he been saying about us oh he's
been saying a lot of bad things about
you and uh he might be able to move the
needle huh but he would be no problem to
us if he were in jail in Great Britain
is that true well yeah that's
technically true then what happens to me
do do you think do you think my
government protects me from Great
Britain or does my government say you
know he hasn't broken any laws in the
United States but it sure would be good
for we Democrats if he just got the
out of
here so let me say as clearly as
possible Great Britain you are not part
of any special relationship with me you
 if you have that rule that
I can go to jail in my country
because you've got an rule over
there you're not my special anything
you're my
enemy you're my enemy
let me be as clear as that as possible
you're my enemy if you're going to put
me in jail for my free speech in America
and you think that maybe that makes
sense and by the way if the Harris
Administration ever let anybody be taken
from this country to be jailed in Great
Britain over something that wasn't
illegal in the United States well then
then they're my enemy
too there there's no ambiguity about
that anybody who's trying to put me in
jail for free speech you're my enemy I
don't care about your special
relationship and I do think that we
should make a real effort to uh recruit
the most useful and richest people in
England who are trying to get out
because apparently the number of
billionaires who are leaving Great
Britain is the highest percentage in the
world the people who can afford to leave
are getting out while they can and we
should make sure they come here
because you know who I want somebody who
knows how to manage a billion
dollars and has successfully made a
billion dollars I want all of
them come on so again just to be clear
nothing about the people of of the UK I
I love the people of the UK so bring
them on here and we're not talking about
anything uh nothing about race or gender
nothing about that I just want to know
that can you make money and can you add
to a country if you can make money pay
for your own bills and you can add to
our country please come on over right
away sooner the better so get out of
that uh decaying crappy country and come
on over here if you can but that would
require you know our country having a
useful vetting system for for people
coming in which we don't
have there's a study that says uh people
distrust
journalists when they debunk
information so people are more trustful
for a journalist if they tell you
something and they trust them less if
they say oh the thing that you have been
told is
wrong do you know how they could have
saved some money on that study by asking
Scott because this is basic hypnosis if
somebody believes something to be true
and then you shock them by saying well
let me tell you this is not
true the normal human behavior would be
nope I reject what you said and uh there
must be something wrong with
you right that would be the most
predictable outcome when somebody tells
you that a thing you've known all your
life is wrong you would think there's
something wrong with the person who told
you so you didn't have to study that
that's the most basic observ D human
behavior that you could ever imagine if
you hear something you don't like you
blame the messenger it's the most famous
human behavior of all time now you
didn't need to study this you could have
just ask
me well the New York Times Sienna poll
came out and other polls have shown
Harris uh overtaking Trump in the polls
especially in some Battleground States
Etc do you think these polls are
accurate well here's what uh an analyst
Ryan juski or gusy I don't know how to
pronounce it says um that there's some
big problems with the poll this would be
the New York Times Sienna poll
apparently if you look at the details it
suggests that Trump uh is losing seniors
by 12 12
points and as jeski points out Trump
isn't losing seniors by 12 points
right if your survey says that there's
something wrong with the survey how
about uh uh it says that Harris is tied
with white
voters probably
not so that would be an indication that
there's something wrong and Trump's
margin with non-oled whites is in the
30s not 13 which I guess the poll set so
if you look at some of these
subcategories they're so obviously out
of range of what any other poll is going
to show that you know something's going
on have I ever mentioned that the polls
when it gets this time of the summer are
all going to be
fake when do the polls become
real because it does
happen they very predictably become real
in the last few weeks before the
election itself do you know why they do
you know why they all become real
suddenly
because that's the only time they'll be
measured for being accurate so they'll
wait for the actual election they'll
compare it to what the pollsters said
and that will be the only time they will
be held
responsible because all the way up until
the day of the election the polls can
just say well that's what they thought
in November there's no way to really
know it wasn't true but when you have
the actual vote that's the one and only
time you can say h which pollster did a
good job so when we get close to the
actual vote all of the pollsters
especially the fake ones will suddenly
tweak their
methodology and get the right answer or
a lot closer to it so expect
that all right uh I'm uh continued to be
uh intrigued as a writer named PG Keenan
is intrigued by the VP candidate wals
and his connections with China so here's
what pachy Keenan said on X today about
walls 30 trips to China on a school
teacher salary obsession with China
devoted his life to taking American kids
to China to learn about communism has
zero investment in American stocks or
bonds none who is the real Tim
Walls now that's a pretty good question
and apparently he started going there
and doing tourism right after tianan
Square which is when there really wasn't
a lot of
Tourism you know the tourism was kind of
suppressed then but not for him and he
was just taking chid killed kids over
there to find out how Great China
was and so pichy says uh in a followup
post looking to interview any American
who was a high school student who
accompanied Tim wals to China on one of
his Educational Tours in the '90s please
DM so if you are in that category of or
you know
somebody um have them contact pichy
Keenan because we'd like to know a
little bit more about that experience
wouldn't we we
would here's a persuasion update um I
think most of you noticed this but I
hadn't called it out yet and I feel like
that's that's a whole I got a plug so
you know how uh the the critics KL
Harris would always make fun of her
cackling and I would go so far as to say
that the cackling might have been her
biggest negative because people don't
follow the issues you know they just
sort of look at how they feel about
somebody's Persona and the cackling
looked like she was maybe not confident
or not capable or I always thought it
was a way
to um maybe get rid of her anxiety of
talking you know maybe to stall so she
can think of an answer maybe to avoid a
question but none of it looked
strong all all of it looked weak so the
cackling always just came off as weak
and they re they reframed it the
Democrats did into
joyful so they added another uh awkward
laugher so wals is another like like a
freaky creepy laugher when he laughs it
seems like he's laughing too hard and it
doesn't look real you don't you don't
know exactly what you're looking at
there it just doesn't look genuine so
they have these two weird
laughers so instead of saying well we
got weird laughers just don't pay
attention to that look at our policies
they don't really have policies to look
at so instead they said the cackling and
the creepy laughing are signs that
they're a joyful group they're joyful
now on one hand it's
funny that you would you know
reframe creepy laughing is joyful on the
other hand it totally worked it totally
worked it it's almost like that audio
illusion where if you're reading if
you're reading a certain sentence the
audio sounds like that sentence but as
soon as you read the sentence after it
the same audio sounds like the next
sentence that has nothing to do with the
first sentence and you're like how did
that happen and then they can do a eight
more
times yeah so whatever you're told to
expect is often what you hear and
somebody says well okay now expect it to
be a different thing and then you can
you can hear it just like it's real so
our reality is so so
malleable and so subjective that you can
just say ah it's not weird cackling it's
joyful don't you love joyful and I say
to myself that is one of the best
reframes I've seen
do not do not
underestimate the quality of the
persuasion advice that Comm Harris is
getting it's looking really good and I
don't think that was the case um until
she was clearly the the preferred
candidate so I think she's getting the
benefit of the you know the top shelf
best Democrat advice I don't think she
had it before but why did it take so
long to redefine
cackling as joyful totally works it
totally works and you can see now the
videos of the people at the rallies they
all seem joyful so it's this whole
joyful we're having so much fun oh my
God I can't wait to dance and sing with
k Harris very good
persuasion but I'll tell you the way uh
that that K Harris is laughing makes me
feel she makes me feel the way I do if
I'm driving a car
and there's a female passenger in my car
who starts singing along to the
radio that's how it
feels now that won't mean something to
everybody but for some of us having
somebody else singing along to the radio
so that you can't hear that awesome song
that you'd really love to hear but
instead you're hearing somebody who's
not a professional singer trying to sing
it out
loud that's what it feels like it's like
okay I get that you're being joyful
yeah I mean I like
joyfulness and and I get that you're
being joyful as you sing that song but
it's now spreading to me the joyfulness
hurts stop it stop the
joyfulness that's just I'm channeling
Larry David there I think well the
weirdest and maybe smartest thing that K
Lis did was she went to Nevada and just
like Trump in front of a bunch of
employees many of the whom work for tips
she said that she would pref she would
advocate for no tax on
tips now if you're just hearing this
story from the first time you probably
just said wait what uh wait did you just
say that she said the identical thing
that Trump said that nobody running for
office had said before except I guess
Paul had said it a while ago but are you
telling me that she just literally
copied what Trump
said yes she
did now here's my take on
that your first impression as a let's
say a trump supporter your first
impression was no no you can't do that
stop it no no you're
copying but did that change your
vote no did didn't change your vote at
all you just didn't like it but what
about the people who heard it who wanted
to vote for a Democrat but they also
didn't want to be taxed on their tips
she just gave them an option she just
gave all those workers a way to get no
tax on tips and she just took that away
from Trump now Trump argues that he's
going to really do it and he argues that
she might not follow through maybe but
they're not sure that Trump would do it
either
if you can take a bet on no tax on tips
and you wanted to vote for Democrat she
just gave you the option she just took
away one of Trump's strongest plays just
took it
away so we can we can spend our time
thinking about how weird it is and and
we could spend our time saying oh but
she as people are uh but before that she
was uh using the IRS to go after people
who hadn't paid tax on tips so blah blah
blah hypocrite blah blah blah none of
that's going to matter if you don't want
attacks on your tips and you want to
vote Democrat she just gave you the
option so that is a clean dead
win clean win so when I tell you that
KLA Harris's advisors are a different
level oh this is
it this is it can you imagine that
conversation imagine a bunch of dards
and one genius sitting in a room and the
one genius says I got an idea why don't
you tell them that you you also will not
have taxes on tips and then all the
dollars in the room would go oh that's
so stupid that's so stupid that's Trump
yeah we're not gonna we're not just
gonna copy
Trump and then the one genius in the
room says why not well we can't we
well we we we can't we can't just copy
him and then the one genius says yes you
can you just say those
words and then you'll take away from
Trump every Advantage he got from doing
that and then all the dollars would say
but I that's
nonstandard didn't think of it
but you're
right this was one person
right I wasn't there I don't have any
insight but all my experience says they
have one
genius I don't know if they have more
than one but they have a
genius CU because whoever sat in that
room and turned all of their turned all
of their minds into that it wasn't K
Harris it wasn't walz I don't you know
they're just regular politicians I don't
think they came up with it there is
somebody in the mix who is really
 good
and I don't know who it is don't know
who it is but this is unexpected it
makes news it gets Republicans all
worked up but there's nothing they can
do about it and it just takes Trump's
Advantage away from a huge category
perfect but uh when I saw the story that
Comm Harris says no tax on tips the
first thing I thought was huh I guess
that means the shaft and the balls are
still in play
I'll let you just sit with that one for
a while just let that let let that one
sit in the pocket for a while all right
you good with that now all right we're
moving
on so um part of the narrative that's
forming is that kamla is just turning
into Trump so she's stealing his no tax
un tips things so that's like Trump
she's uh she used to be you know weak On
the Border but now she's going to get
strong On the Border not only is she
going to get stronger On the Border but
she likes walls Tim
Walls but still it makes you think that
she's turning into
Trump and uh she blames Trump for
killing the bipartisan bill that makes
her the strong one on the on the uh the
border and then wal had that uh viral
moment where he was at the rally crowd
and uh he was yelling at Republicans
that Republicans should mind their own
damn
business now that is just
Republicans Republicans want the
government to just stay out of their
business in a whole variety of different
ways but when it comes to abortion it's
sort of the reverse so wals quite
cleverly use the
Republican basically the the basic
Republican and thought leave me alone
and he
successfully reframed as a something
that democrats should be saying leave me
alone but they're not saying government
leave me alone they're more saying
Republicans leave me alone which is I
guess similar if if the Republicans were
in charge
so not
bad um their persuasion game is quite
strong at the moment but here's the
thing that really stands out to
me you know my perspective on politics
is that there's no politics going on and
there's no and there's no argument going
on it's just brainwashing so there's two
major brainwashing operations one is an
individual Trump who is so powerful in
terms of persuasion that he's competing
with the
entire government blog structure of you
know government and media and uh the
external uh you know entities like the
Nos and the fact Checkers and basically
an entire world of brainwashers on one
side and on the other side there's Trump
and people who like him you know who
work collectively with him but basically
is Trump against the strongest
brainwashing persuasion you've ever seen
in your life but how how strong is the
brainwashing let me just give you this
one fact which you all agree
with before KL Harris was picked and
Biden was the primary guy and before
Trump was almost
assassinated all of their persuasion was
Trump's a dictator dictator Hitler
dictator dictator dictator dictator
Hitler dictator
dictator and then it
stopped and they just changed it and now
they're about no taxes on tips and
um you about how to control the border
and uh suddenly what happened to
Hitler now are we to believe that we
were under an existential threat of a
Hitler character rising to power but
then it just
stopped did it just stop why are we
talking about taxes on tips if Hitler is
comeing to power
well obviously the reason is that it was
never true in the first place that's the
only reason you would stop talking about
it if that were ever true there's not a
single other thing they're talking about
that would be in the even competitive in
the range of something you should care
about and they just made it go away so
let me summarize this in a way so you
can really see the power of brainwashing
the brainwashers made Hitler appear and
of nothing you know in the form of what
they were accusing trumpa Bing they they
basically conjured
Hitler and if that doesn't impress
you they made him
disappear in a
week they created
Hitler totally out of
nothing and then they made Hitler
disappear
here in a
week and we don't even talk about it
anymore now imagine being a
Democrat did you
notice did you notice that you went from
you know Hitler persuasion to oh let's
talk about taxes on
tips how do you not know that that was a
brainwashing operation well if I suppose
if you didn't pay attention to
persuasion as a tool and as a skill and
you know you didn't know how to
recognize the the Tells for persuasion
in the wild maybe you just miss it but I
don't think there could be a stronger
signal that people are not making up
their minds by looking at the topics and
you know looking at the pluses and the
minuses and doing their risk reward
calculation no they are literally just
brainwashed to go immediately in
whatever Direction they're told and we
just watched it in real time we just
watched them create Hitler and then
remove
Hiller and all it was was talking there
was never a
Hiller I mean that's really impressive
if you think about it and I hope you
do
anyway um Pennsylvania I don't know if I
mentioned this but Pennsylvania
announced they just want everybody to
know don't expect the Pennsylvania will
be done counting the votes on Election
night might take a while CU you know got
to make sure you got them all and things
might come up and you know things aren't
as efficient as you like and maybe they
need to do a little double cheing and
you really got to get it
right can you imagine living in a
country where you're a Democrat and you
think the elections are all real and
that there's no cheating and then a
state tells you I just got to tell you
that unlike every third world
country in the world that can absolutely
give you a result the same day we
can't I don't know how to interpret this
other than we're telling you we're going
to cheat that's how I hear
it now do you hear it that way this is
Pennsylvania telling you they plan to
cheat and they need to have a cover
story in advance so they can say we told
you it wouldn't be the first you know we
we told you it would take a while well I
mean we told you because of all these
reasons yeah no no it's not because of
cheating I you what are you crazy what
what are you talking about cheating I
don't even know what you
mean now I just told you the
brainwashing made Hitler appear and then
disappear for the entire United States
or half of the United States here's
another thing that brainwashing
did they convinced the country that our
elections are secure and that we can you
know know for sure if we got uh rigged
or or anything how in the world could
would you be convinced that that's the
case how much inexperience would you
have to
have to to think it couldn't be rigged
without you knowing
it You' have to know nothing about
anything you'd have to know nothing
about any kind of computerized system to
the point where you've never had a
computer with a
password because everything that we know
has been hacked
and you tell me the election systems are
not so I I posted uh uh yesterday that
my DMs my private DMS are being read by
somebody before I read them now how do I
know that because the new ones have an
indicator that there's a new message and
there are only a few specific people who
never have a new indicator and it
doesn't matter how often they they DM me
it'll never show us
new now why would that be because
somebody read
it somebody's somebody is literally
reading my messages on DM before I am
now does that Shock Me and annoy me and
uh make me afraid no because there no
there's no difference from my world view
my world view is all of my
communications have been compromised by
democrats who are looking to take out I
would believe that everybody who has any
kind of
influential platform and has any prot
Trump leanings I believe they're all all
of their uh Communications are probably
open at this point so I live my life in
have for decades as if all my private
messages will become public not might
but will you know that's a very
different thing if if you're playing
your your private digital Communications
as if um as if they might not be read
you're playing it
wrong I I think it's entirely possible
that in your life everything you've ever
written privately will become available
to everybody just because you know there
might be you know a uh password hacker
encryption killer that can just make
everything available and some hacker
just makes everything on the Internet
available at the same time anything like
that could happen especially in the age
of AI so if you're not already living
your life like you have nothing to hide
you better
start you better
start all
right um this story about Iranians
hacking a trump Communications
website is a little murky I guess Trump
said it was only a website it wasn't
somebody's email we had originally heard
it was one member's email but now it
looks like it's maybe one web page or
website and uh it was only public
information Trump says Politico
allegedly has Communications from that
hack and some of it might be
embarrassing but if any of that
communication were embarrassing to
Trump you would have seen it already do
you think that they'd be sitting on
something if they had
it well maybe to save it as like an
October surprise or something maybe oh
yeah they might if it was really juicy
they might sit on it but I've got a
feeling they have
nothing and then the claims for
Microsoft that it was an Iranian hacker
I don't think you can believe that at
all Microsoft is the company that funded
MSNBC MSNBC isn't even close to being a
real news organization that's clearly
just a you know intelligence
driven brainwashing oper
so there's nothing that Microsoft says
about any you know geopolitical stuff
that could be considered credible they
are not a credible voice on this topic
now there's other things I would trust
them on but not that the Iranians hacked
that is that is too on the
nose that's a little on the
nose and to me it looks like maybe
something being set up so if something
happened to Trump or if the Americans
did something that they want not to be
known they did they've got this
Iranian option they can just blame it on
Iran oh uh Trump's jet had a mechanical
problem oh that was probably an Iranian
sabur oh he got hacked I think the
Iranians are up to that again oh there
he might get assassinated look at those
Iranians
uh it's starting to get a little bit
obvious the whole Iran thing now is it
possible that Iran is in fact going
after Trump yeah yeah does that mean
that these stories are true no
completely
different the these are the stories are
not coming from credible sources
Microsoft is not credible the FBI is not
credible when it comes to Trump related
anything and our intelligence people are
not credible when it comes to anything
Trump related not at all I mean not even
a little
bit I'm afraid I'm underselling
it if you're looking at these are your
sources and I don't know if it is but if
your sources are
Microsoft the
FBI and intelligence people let's say
Homeland Security or something like that
within our government and then our
government who is Democrat at the moment
if those are your sources none of those
are credible not even a little bit those
are not even slightly credible sources
based on what we know from last number
of
years so here are the things we've seen
happen uh there was a you attempted hit
on Trump's life he had a plain
mechanical failure but not bad enough so
that the landing looked dangerous I
don't know what the mechanical failure
was
um then there's that weird story of the
terrorist who was planning to kill
people including Trump and somehow he
was caught and interviewed at the border
and considered a risk and then just let
go we don't know why so you've got you
know suspicious Secret
Service
failure um and then whatever whoever
talked to this must been the FBI failure
and then you've got uh those mechanical
fail
failure a lot of
failures and then the website didn't
have good enough cyber security and it
failed so I don't know I I think this
could easily be confirmation bias
meaning that uh it's looking like
they're just it looks like Democrats are
literally trying to kill Trump
but are
they um I think confirmation bias would
explain everything you've seen
but so would them trying to kill
him so it would look the same either way
so you can't say it looks like they're
trying to kill him so he must be trying
to kill them what you should say is it
would look like that even if they
weren't so what we're observing is
consistent with the idea that somebody's
trying to take him out it's
consistent but it doesn't mean it's true
because you would imagine you saw it
were if it were true or not and we we
imagine we see all these little signals
that might not be
real well El mus says that they've added
encryption to the direct messages within
uh X that wouldn't make any difference
to my situation because whatever is
happening somebody's just inside my
system reading my messages so I don't
think that I don't think encryption can
help because it looks like they're just
in my account the same as I am
now um because it's hard for me to get
in my own account you know I've got
authentication and you know if if I just
turn off my browser I got to go through
this whole you know security thing to
get back online in X so it's not like
whoever is reading my
DMs it's not like they just got my
password because if they got my password
it still wouldn't work because the
signal to on would come to my personal
phone and I would say I'm not trying to
log on so it wouldn't work so whoever it
is is either a state actor or an
Insider or it's the weirdest bug in the
world but I don't believe it's a
bug anyway so don't trust uh anything to
and Elon mus says don't trust their
encrypted messaging yet but I would add
don't ever trust encrypted messaging I
don't believe there's anything like a
truly encrypted message at the very
least if they've hacked into your phone
they can see what you're
typing before it gets
encrypted and if the person you send the
message to is not really who you think
they are and they decide to share the
message well that's not encrypted then
either because they're actually just
reading it so they just take a
screenshot and send it to the
newspaper so no nothing you do is in
crypted in any way that's
important uh there's a website now that
allows you to calculate what would
happen to your taxes under a Harris
Administration if they allow the tax law
the tax cuts I guess to
lapse and so I went to
it um and I put in my personal income
and Age and what did it ask me just age
and income and what state I live in and
it said that I would save a lot of money
on taxes if KL Harris becomes
president now remember there's there's
no
accounting there's no accounting for any
um write offs so that it doesn't ask you
about any deductions except kids I said
zero so it's just income age and
state and and I put in two different
incomes and two different ages just to
see if I get a different number in every
case uh I would save money on taxes if
Harris becomes
president does that sound accurate to
you do you think that the people who
made made that said that a relatively
High income person with no
deductions is going to pay less under
the Harris tax
plans no obviously the page
doesn't work
so so I'm not going to give you the webs
s because obviously the thing
doesn't work there's no way that I'm
going to pay a lot less taxes if haris
gets elected and my tax my tax rate goes
up because the whole conversation is if
she's going to allow the tax cuts that
you know she would say applied more to
high income people she'll let them lapse
because they had a deadline on them how
in the world do I save taxes when my tax
rate goes up and there's no other
deductions that's not a thing so no
don't trust
that all
right um there's a report I don't know
if it's true that the US is doing this
long shot play to see if they can get
the Venezuelan president Maduro to give
up power in exchange for
amnesty to which I say nobody does that
yeah that's a pretty big long shot have
you ever heard of a dictator just
surrendering and saying you know what
yeah yeah now that you mention it being
a dictator in Exile sounds like a much
better deal than running my whole
country and having total power of my
country no by the time you have total
power over a country and you're a
dictator you don't really want to give
that up for anything so I don't think
that's going to work but it does make me
think we need a dictated retirement plan
wouldn't be great if you went to some
country like let's just say Venezuela
you said look here's the deal we we
can't let you stay here and we have a
big army and you know we have lots of
dirty tricks so if you stay here it's
going to be very bad for you I can't
even tell you how but wow it's going to
be bad for you however we have this new
dictat retirement plan you're going to
go to the loveliest place in Hawaii
let's say and the other dictators might
be on that island too so you might meet
some other fellow dictators that you
think are fun and we'll put you behind
the Gated Community with lots of good
security because you know your life will
always be in danger as a retired
dictator but we'll make sure that nobody
can get to you and we'll make sure that
you can take some of your stolen money
with you and just bring it to the United
States because we like your stolen money
good for our economy and you can just
live out your days in this greatest golf
cart you know friendly community and uh
you can retire to that and we guarantee
that you will be safe and all of your
family can come live with you too and
you all be safe
forever I don't think anybody's going to
take anybody up on that because they
wouldn't trust that they'd be safe
forever but we shouldn't expect
dictators to retire or just give up
power just because we asked
all right I need an in between
STP ah much
better all right now we get to the meat
of things um there's
a recent uh Pew research study about uh
people wanting kids and there are three
reasons why people having fewer Kids In
America one is fertility is having some
problems the other is people can't
afford it
kids in marriage are too expensive and
uh the other is people just don't want
kids what would make people not want to
have kids if they could afford it so
suppose money wasn't part of the problem
it is but suppose it
wasn't why would you not want kids today
when you did want kids in the past I
would like to offer the following
possibility and this is from a story of
a friend of mine years ago
his uh teenage son was uh graduated high
school and was going to go off to
college and I said to him you know
privately at a at a party I said wow you
know how are you going to deal with the
uh the empty house because that would
leave just the uh the two parents in the
house alone and he looked at me and said
no different I haven't seen him in
years and I said to myself okay that's
obviously not
true you can't have somebody living in
your
house like living there full-time and
you don't see them and he would say yeah
um when he comes home he just goes into
his bedroom gets some food you maybe
grabs a plate goes into his bedroom and
then we'll see him leave in the morning
to school if we happen to be in the room
but if we're not in the if we're not in
the room he walks through to leave the
house we don't see him leaving in the
morning and then he's gone all
day and then he's with his friends after
school and then he comes home at you
know nine o'clock does his homework by
himself in his room and then goes to
sleep we haven't seen him in
years and I thought that was pretty much
an
exaggeration until I saw it
myself in in the modern world even if
you're with a teenager that's your own
teenager they're on their phone
you're not with them when you're with
them you're not with them when you're
driving them in the car you're not with
them when they're in their bedroom
you're not with them
ever so one of the reasons that people
probably don't want kids is that you
don't really have them you have an
expense you have a you have a new set of
problems you didn't have before and you
know I know it's rewarding and in a ways
that I can't understand I get that but
you don't actually spend much time with
them after they reach a certain age and
it's not a very old
age so I can certainly see that in the
modern world where people are just
cyborgs addicted to phones after a
certain age that it's just not the
same you know the the experience of
being with your own family is completely
different than it used to be now your
mile your mileage may vary and you're
going to tell me no Scott I tell my
teenagers to leave their phone when we
go camping no you
don't no you
don't
anyway over in the UK they're uh they're
going to have some uh kind of curriculum
for the kids to teach the kids how to SP
spot fake news are you worried if uh if
the UK is teaching their kids how to
spot fake news and I think there's some
programs like that in the United States
small ones well let me tell you how how
I teach people to spot fake news and I
want you to tell me how many of those
things do you think they're going to
teach the
kids right so they're going to teach
them how to spot fake news and I'm going
to give you a pretty good list of ways
to spot fake news you tell me if you
think the kids will be taught any of
that all
right so here's how I would tell you to
spot fake news number one you need to
know that no Government Can Survive real
news that's just my first one do you
think do you think that when they teach
them how to spot fake news they could
say look you have to understand that
anything that comes from the government
or anything the government can influence
such as any news that's on the air um if
it were
real what be they democratically elected
or be they dictators they really
couldn't
survive if the public had real
news do you think the students are being
taught that it's all it's all fake it's
all fake because it has to be because no
no government could survive and actual
Free Press with real
news now if you don't teach them
that is anything else going to
matter because then they're going to
think there's some fake way that they
can tell what's real and do you know
what the what I believe they're going to
hear I believe that the students will be
taught that the way to spot fake
news is by the
source that if it comes from a bunch of
scientists and the government it's true
and if it comes from Breitbart it's
false you know that's what they're going
to teach them they're going to say these
are New York Times you know they'll do
the gray BR version of it but if it were
the United States we'd say the New York
Times is real uh but you got to watch
out for that Breitbart and and by the
way Fox News just makes up news but CNN
legitimate news MSNBC well there you go
there you go to get your good news you
know your reliable stuff but whatever
you do don't listen to something that
Elon mus said on
X
yeah all right so the they're not going
to tell their kids that the government
can't even survive if the news were real
and here we're talking about the
geopolitical
news second thing I would teach a kid is
you have to know the
players you should know for example that
in the United States there's a liar
Squad the Democrats who are always
called out for the big lies you know the
the shiff and the Rasin and the swall
well to to name a few if you see those
specific characters you know Bren and
Clapper if you see any of them on the
news it's because there's a Whopper
coming like a really big hoax now if you
didn't know that you can identify
whether the news is Real by knowing who
the professional Liars are well you
haven't really taught kids much at all
have
you um how about knowing which entities
in the news are controlled by
intelligence
outfits if you are up with things in the
United States you say to yourself oh
Washington Post story Washington Post
highly suggested to be influenced by the
intelligence community so therefore any
story in that domain is automatically
almost certainly
false now do you think that the kids
will learn that no they'll just learn
that things on the political right or
wrong and things on the left or right
how about the
factchecking if I teaching kids how to
spot fake news I'd say one of the things
you really need to know is fake the fact
Checkers are
fake what what yeah the fact Checkers
are fake they're to make you think that
the fake news is real that's why they
exist they are created for that purpose
and you won't know if there's a real one
you might see you know competing fact
Jacks you won't know what the real one
is I would also say that when they
correct the news you don't see the
correction but they they can stay Honest
by say oh we corrected that but by then
it's done all its damage and that that's
probably
intentional um I would teach kids about
Gilman Amnesia the fact that if you know
a topic you can tell that it's fake news
because you're an expert but then you
turn the page to a topic in which you're
not an expert and suddenly you believe
the news might be real well why is it
always wrong when it's a topic that you
understand
this is a very important thing for
somebody to know if they're trying to
pick out fake news do you think that
kids will be taught that all complicated
prediction models are
fake they
are do you think anybody's going to say
okay you can't believe climate change
models because no there's no such thing
as predict in the future 100 years in
advance no they'll tell them the
opposite they'll say 98% of the
scientists say these models are good
that's why you know they're good
will they teach the students that 98% of
scientists can very easily lie and it's
more likely than not because they have
bosses and they work for big companies
and or they need grants and stuff and
they couldn't do their jobs and stay in
their profession if they told the
truth so therefore 98% of scientists
being on any side no longer means
anything although it might have there
might have been a time in the past when
it did but it definitely doesn't now
because all those scientists work for
somebody or depend on somebody for their
income how about the two on the nose
trick the one I use all the time where
you hear a story that's just you know so
perfectly crafted for the political
situation you go that's a little too
perfect and almost always those are fake
how about uh the anonymous
sources if the what if the New York
Times reports an anonymous source in the
White House said are these kids going to
be taught that the New York Times said
it so it's probably true or are they
going to be taught that every story with
an anonymous source is fake when it
comes to politics all of them they're
all fake no probably they're not going
to teach them the truth they're going to
teach them that if the New York Times
said it you could probably depend on
that how about uh will they show them
the hoax quiz that uh in the United
States there's a list of 20 known hoaxes
that were perpetrated and organized by
the people at the top of the political
world on one side now there's probably
some
equivalent in the in the UK do you think
they'll show them all their hoaxes no
because those hoaxes have already been
sold to them as
true by the hoaxers so they'll actually
teach them that the hoaxes are
true and that that doesn't need to be
part of their hoax detection
will they teach them that some are or
some of the hoaxes are organized top
down and that they have massive media
collusion and that the media starts
using the same language at the same time
which tells you that it's brainwashing
not news will the kids learn that I
doubt
it will the kids learn about rupar edits
will they learn that you can reverse not
just
change completely
reverse what somebody said by a clever
edit just taking away a clarification
will they teach them that so that you
cannot Pro you cannot trust any quote
that you see in a video will they teach
him how to spot an AI
fake maybe that might actually be part
of the lessons but will they teach them
to not trust any picture of anything
from now on which would be the way I
would teach it will they will they learn
about how the government uses Nos and
relationships with intelligence people
in other countries to take down
critics probably
not and all all of that's related to
free speech and what's true and what's
not so imagine if I wrote the lesson on
how to spot fake news how close would
that be to what the government approved
lessons on spotting fake news are going
to be your government including the UK
are in the brainwashing business
they're not in the giving you useful and
correct information business if they
were they would go out a business
themselves because like I said no
Government Can
Survive accurate
news it would just be too ugly and
people wouldn't support it after a
while so that ladies and
gentlemen is a conclusion of my prepared
remarks and since it's Sunday I think
you should have a little extra time to
go enjoy your family your life your
hobbies get a little exercise get a
little sun and feel amazing today but
I'm going to talk a little bit privately
to the wonderful and beautiful
subscribers of my locals Channel and I'm
going to say no uh say no I'm G to say
goodbye to X and YouTube and Rumble and
I will see all of you tomorrow same time
same place thanks for joining
all right we're going to be
private
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e