pom pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in it's time for our coffee with
Scott Adams that's me and if you're you
and I think you are you've come to the
right place because with very little
effort you will be starting your day in
a sensational fashion one of the best
days ever today is going to be fun
in fact the whole weekend is going to be
fun I guarantee it and to get the fun
going all you need is a cup or a mug or
glass a tanker chalice or stein in the
canteen jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like my coffee and join me there for the
unparalleled pleasure the don't be mean
the hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better the simultaneous sip
go mmm
nailed it nailed it well I don't know if
I've ever been more entertained by
government malfeasance then I have this
week it's not all good but a lot of it
is funny
happy birthday Hooper I don't know where
to start with the funniness so I'll just
start in no particular order I've told
you before how reality can be viewed
through different filters and still all
the facts can make sense in other words
you could be imagining the world through
your your filter your movie and all the
parts work you can still go to the store
everything still works so I'm going to
give you a filter that fits all of the
facts that is completely different than
the one you're watching in the
impeachment because the one you're
watching is probably there's an
impeachment trial has something to do
with the Constitution we're trying to
decide whether a president should be
removed that's probably why you're
thinking right but watch how well this
completely different filter fits all of
the observe two facts just imagine that
instead of an impeachment trial
what it really is is an elaborate prank
on Chief Justice Roberts and the prank
goes like this the Republicans and the
the Democrats are all in on the prank
and the job is to see who can get Chief
Justice Roberts to read in public
allowed the most ridiculous now
and the competition is Parenti pretty
stiff so it turns out their chief
justice does have his limits he won't
read everything they say and with at
least one case his reading of it came
with a scowl you read Elizabeth Warren's
question about whether this whole
process is degrading the credibility of
the of the Supreme Court and he just
reads the question he just looks at her
[Laughter]
now I'm generally a big fan of the
founders of the country and the the
framers of the Constitution now when I
say I'm a big fan I don't say I like
everything they did for example owning
slaves not a fan of that but otherwise
you know making the Constitution they
did a great job creating well they're
also you know sexist misogynist you know
but if you don't count the slave owning
and the sexism the racism if you don't
count that they did a really good job
making a constitution well they also
discriminated against poor people they
weren't gonna let them vote unless they
had property so there were racist elite
sexist who largely raped at their own
slaves but if you don't count that they
were pretty good at making constitutions
I think we'd all agree but they weren't
perfect and as you're watching this
impeachment process it makes you think
that this was the part that they were
too tired to finish have you ever worked
on a project where you know you've been
working working it's been days you're up
late you're working weekends and
you're you're almost done and you've
almost done a perfect job on whatever it
is your project but there's just this
one thing left over you got to take care
of it's a loose end and you don't give
it your best effort kind of typical
right you get everything that most of
the stuff right
but there's some little trailing you
know little little details that you
don't give it your best effort and it
seems to me that what we're watching in
this so called impeachment process is
not their best effort I don't know for
sure but I think by the time they
designed the impeachment clauses they
had already been drinking
perhaps because who designed a process
where the Chief Justice of the United
States sits in front of the public now
on television but in front of the public
before and it's forced to read whatever
ridiculous the two sides of the
of the political spectrum decide to hand
him a little piece of paper who came up
with that plan that is the worst plan
I've ever heard now I think maybe the
Senate actually came up with a specific
version of it but the Constitution
allowed the Senate to kind of do
whatever they wanted and why don't we
what do we what are we all arguing about
if we're talking about impeachment we're
talking about the process we're talking
about can do can the Senate be badgered
into requiring witnesses or is that just
the houses job how about the framers of
the Constitution do a little less raping
of slaves and put a little more effort
into that impeachment part of the
Constitution maybe give us a little more
clarity maybe think it through a little
bit more so that we're not arguing
dumbass things like well it's a trial if
we use the word trial that tells us
everything we need because the word what
about the word I use the word trial over
here and so therefore
if it's the same word then all the
things that apply to the other word in a
different context a criminal context
well doesn't that apply because it's the
word how could I be wrong what about my
logic my logic
connecting those two things because it's
the same word TR IAL therefore logically
everything about that word in a
different context must apply when did
the founders of the Constitution come up
with the worst process you've ever seen
let's be honest the Constitution in
general pretty solid work a plus you
know for designing the Constitution but
the impeachment part do you - I can't
give you a good grade founders and so
maybe doing a little less slave-owning
and a little more a little more work on
that part would have been good all right
what else is funny about this
have you listened to any of the things
that the senators are making Roberts
read they you can't listen to them
without wanting to punch your television
because the whole thing has just turned
into a mockery nobody should be proud
about participating in this ya know
nobody's coming out of this process
belly and clean now I told you before
they're one of the ways that I predict
the future and it's just one way and I'm
not saying that this is a hundred
percent good predictor but it's fun so
I'm going to mention it and it's that
what I call the the best story filter
you could call it a movie filter but I
don't like to confuse things so it's
that filter says that if you can if you
can anticipate what would be the best
story in the future that's usually the
way things go I don't know why you know
it could be just coincidence or
cognitive you know dissonance or
something on my part but it's so often
it looks like you can predict based on
what the best story would be now what
would be the
story going forward well you've got two
competing stories one by the way all of
my although my polyp problems came back
but that's another story that's a third
story one you don't care about so one
story says that will get witnesses and
the reason that that would be predicted
by the best story is that it makes this
impeachment thing go on and there's more
to argue about and there's more drama
there's more surprise there's a mystery
so having the witnesses would be a much
better movie than not having witnesses
so the the best story filter says we'd
get witnesses even if the news is
reporting that it looks like it's not
going to go that way but there's a
second movie and this was really fun
Howard Kurtz mentioned this in the PC
wrote on foxnews.com and I don't know if
this is true but Howard Kurtz is saying
it so it's probably true he's he's a
credible voice so he's saying that if
the Republicans stay on track president
this is so delicious I almost can't say
it it's so good if the Republicans stay
on track President Trump could be
spiking the football about his acquittal
with sean hannity during the Superbowl
interview oh could that be better
because there's nothing that gets more
attention than the Super Bowl there's
nothing that people are are more paying
attention to than that on that day yes
if the way this turns out is that Trump
ends up as celebrating is total
acquittal during the Superbowl ah I'm
sorry that is just so good that is so
good that we have competing movies now
and they're both pretty good on one hand
I wouldn't mind a little bit more of
these witnesses just just because I
don't think it'll change the result
could make things fun but if we don't
get them what would be better than Sean
Hannity interviewing President Trump
during the Superbowl break I guess
halftime or something after a quill
there's nothing better than that all
right Howard Kurtz also wrote this funny
sentence in the same piece
he said the media's tone drastically
shifted yesterday morning as it looked
increasingly like the Senate Republicans
would hold the line and block any
witnesses from testifying the mood on
MSNBC was practically funereal I didn't
even know that was a word you is if you
nariyal f un e ar e al now generally as
a writer I have I have a rule as a
writer that if you use a word a
vocabulary word that you can reasonably
know your entire audience won't
understand don't use that word generally
speaking don't use a word that your that
your readers are unlikely to know but
this is a perfect exception this is good
writing it's a great writing actually
it's very good writing because you you
know what funeral means even if you
can't pronounce it okay it's like a
funeral but was practically funeral all
right here's some fun you want to see
some real fun find the Wikipedia page
for president Trump somewhere on his his
Wikipedia page they'll be mentioned of
course about the impeachment process
when the final result comes in the
Wikipedia page will be updated to
reflect the result because it happens
pretty quickly right this is going to be
fun
watch what happens because Pelosi is
already starting to frame things this
way she says quote he will not be
acquitted quote you cannot be acquitted
if you don't have a trial so this is
Pelosi saying this you don't have a
trial if you don't have
witnesses and documentation and all of
that does the president know right from
wrong I don't think so
so you can tell that Pelosi and the
Democrats are already getting ready for
their loss and then losing they're going
to claim that the president was
impeached and that he's still impeached
and their argument will be that the
Senate didn't do its job so the house
impeachment stands it's you know
unresolved but it's not acquitted so
that's that's gonna be their version now
the president's version of course will
be that he was acquitted and here's the
fun part
was it Lindsey Graham who said this
somebody smart said this I forget who it
was they said that if he's acquitted in
the Senate he can claim and it would be
it would be a valid claim even if you
disagree with it
he could validly claim that he was not
impeached because it didn't go through
the to the final removal now you're
gonna have two movies that are
completely different he was impeached
totally he was not impeached those can't
both be true but Wikipedia is going to
have to choose and there's going to be a
fight like you've never seen like in all
of the probably in all the years of
Wikipedia probably there would never be
more fighting of the the volunteer
editors over how to word this situation
now I think they if they were you know
if everybody was playing fair and I
don't think that's going to happen but
if everybody involved in Wikipedia were
just trying to get it in the most
accurate way they would just describe it
they would say here's what happened
Senate voted this way Democrats say it
doesn't count Trump says accounts it
just described it but I don't know if
it's going to go that way I think
they're gonna fight tooth and nail
because Wikipedia whatever you think of
its accuracy overall becomes sort of a
depository of what I would call common
knowledge or our agreed truth an agreed
truth
is where society says well yeah okay
yeah that version looks I'll go with
that
some people might disagree but it's sort
of the consensus truth ends up on
Wikipedia it's it's almost brute force
of opinion more than what's right and
wrong in some cases so watch that
Wikipedia will be the battleground I'd
like to see the news organizations
reporting on it in real time because I
think you'll be able to watch the edits
are going in and out in so quickly
probably in real time I don't know how
quickly that can happen but that that
page is going to be just changing while
you watch it all right what else we got
going on here so do you remember my
prediction yesterday morning possibly
one of my most accurate predictions and
I said that the entire day yesterday
would be spent with the the anti-trump
media willfully misinterpreting what
Alan Dershowitz had said that the
impeachment proceedings the day before
was I right did did we not watch the
entire media landscape acting as one
misinterpreting Dershowitz in just the
most obvious way maybe it's not it
wasn't even a clever misinterpretation
it was just such a heavy-handed
ridiculous misinterpretation they all
did it they all did it the same way and
Dershowitz to his credit he went he went
full Dershowitz on him and you know yet
he actually got back on CNN now if he
didn't see Dershowitz on CNN last night
find yourself a clip okay find yourself
a clip because it's good TV here's
what's good about it obviously
Dershowitz he's mentioned it before the
CNN sort of stopped inviting him when he
started saying things that could be
construed as positive for Trump but they
had a back last night because you
couldn't you couldn't not have him on
last night right I mean I don't know who
initiated the
interview whether we see you then order
shoe it's may have pinged him and said
you know you've been saying stuff about
me put me on and I'll clear it up so I
don't know who initiated but he was such
big news yesterday they couldn't not
have him on if he's willing to go on so
he goes on and seeing them and says as
clearly as you can write to their
collective faces
you are completely misinterpreting what
I said here's what you're saying out of
context here's the full context so you
can see how completely misinterpreted I
have been and now you should retract it
and I'm paraphrasing of course but he
basically said you're completely
misinterpreting it what do you think
Wolf Blitzer did when the person who
knows the most about what's inside alan
dershowitz head which happens to be alan
dershowitz
he's the one who knows the most about
what he said and what he thinks he goes
on their show and tells them their news
reporting is completely wrong and really
the biggest story of the day and he
shows them why in other ambiguous
certain terms things they can check they
could just go back to the tape and say
oh yeah
that's right when you look at the full
context it's obvious what did Wolf
Blitzer do did you say oh my goodness
you've just pointed out that the network
I work for has been spreading fake news
all day and they really should have
known because I mean everybody could
just see it if he didn't take it out of
context it's obvious that it's wrong did
he say that did he say did Wolf Blitzer
say I would like to apologize to you for
completely smearing you on our network
all day long so you have my personal
apology alan dershowitz did that happen
no no it didn't it didn't did Wolf
Blitzer push back and say no alan
dershowitz
I know you think you know your own
opinion but let me clarify for you why
CNN knows your opinion more clearly than
you do so let me explain what your
opinion is and then why we got the
reporting right and don't give us this
BS about you know what your opinion
is because we know what your opinion is
we're the news you're just a guy that we
sometimes let on but not very often
so did did wolf Blitzer's say something
like that no no he ignored it what he
ignored it Alan Dershowitz the most
important person in the whole country
yesterday you know I mean in terms of
the news cycle the most important person
in the country probably no not even
probably absolutely the most critical
opinion about impeachment on the biggest
question in the country highest
operating most experienced you know best
voice on this topic the
constitutionality of impeachment and the
president and they have him on and he
tells them that they've been reporting
fake news all day shows exactly how and
why and they freaking ignored it it was
like he hadn't been talking it was it
was crazy to watch that and have them
just act like it didn't happen and then
I thought to myself okay maybe you know
maybe wolf didn't know how to react on
camera so he was just he was just
playing it you know down the line and
let people make their own decision which
would be fine but I thought to myself
now that Dershowitz has gone on their
network clarified what it meant they
will never again report the wrong news
wrong today John Avlon who is one of the
big anti Trump or smirking faces on CNN
if you've ever seen him he's the one
with a smirky face so whenever somebody
else on the panel is reading something
that makes the president look bad he's
got his little smirky face if you're
only listening to this you can't see the
incredible impression I'm giving of John
Avlon smirky face I'll do it again okay
that was pretty good I think
thank you for bearing with that so he
writes with this argument
Dershowitz completely conflates a
president self-interest with the
national interest did he do that
did did Dershowitz conflate the
president's self-interest with the
national interest no no that didn't
happen that did not happen if a
president thinks quote so this is Avalon
misinterpreting Dershowitz if a
president thinks quote on the greatest
president there ever was if I'm not
elected the national interest will
suffer greatly
Dershowitz believes that cannot be
impeach Abul so he's putting words into
Dershowitz his mouth that are not
Dershowitz words and not his point and
completely wrong so did Dershowitz
succeed in getting CNN to stop reporting
the most obvious fake news they couldn't
be more obvious you just have to look
with what he says and then look how they
reported what he said they're not even
close and and they just write another
opinion piece like Dershowitz had not
just debunked their entire coverage it's
it's just mind-boggling to watch this
now even Howard Kurtz was a little bit
tough Dershowitz for the way cursed but
it had more to do with some ambiguity of
the way he explained himself that
offered the other side of club so that's
you know I think he went a little tough
on Dershowitz but he's got a point
that Dershowitz did explain things in a
way that made it easy to take it out of
context now I don't know if that's a
fair criticism as someone who is
experienced in media interviews you
definitely want to avoid saying things
that could be taken in a context and it
took me years and years of practice to
be able to do that because you have to
be thinking of what you're gonna say
while the cameras are rolling and you're
you know you've got pressure you're in
public or whatever so you're thinking
about what you're going to say which
takes a lot of energy at the same time
you've got to run a separate process in
your
and that's this checking what you're
saying and taking you sentence out
individually and saying okay what would
they do with this sentence okay what
would they do with this sentence out of
context so it's really hard it takes a
lot of skill to talk in public and and
craft a coherent thought that can't be
taken in a context I'm only just able to
do it at this at this level of
experience
now obviously Dershowitz has even more
media experience than I do and he would
be able to do that so he would easily be
able to do it an interview in which he
cannot be taken out of context but if
he's doing a lengthy scholarly
constitutional argument I'm not sure
that's possible because in order for him
to do the lengthy you know the big
picture where you got the whole canvas
you can see the examples you can see the
larger context in order to do that I
don't know that there's any way you
could avoid leaving little nuggets that
can be taken out of context so I don't
know it was achievable but the context
that well it doesn't matter it was taken
out of context you could see it yourself
to see why all right
the funniest weird thing I talked about
this yesterday but there's a new wrinkle
to it so we we'd heard the story that
Rand Paul had submitted a question that
Chief Justice Roberts would have to read
in front of the Senate and in it he
allegedly according to the news coverage
not according to me but according to the
news coverage if the question would have
revealed the name of the whistleblower
now here's the clever part that I didn't
know yesterday Rand Paul's questioned
had the name of two individuals in it
but did not in the in the body of the
question it did not refer to them as
whistleblowers it was simply a question
about their involvement and whether they
had some involvement that was relevant
now Chief Justice Roberts looks at it
and says the presiding officer declines
to read this question
without an explanation now of course
most people knew was because it would
give away the name of the whistleblower
but here's what was so clever the
question did not accuse anybody of being
a whistleblower you simply use the name
of somebody that the press has you know
in social media mostly has continuously
reported as being probably the
whistleblower so the news reports this
the new the same news that refuses to
give the name of the whistleblower for
ethical maybe legal reasons I don't know
but moral ethical you know what's good
for the country reasons they don't name
them because they want whistleblowers to
remain private but in in reporting the
story the way they did by saying we're
not going to talk about the names in
this thing because we don't want to
reveal the whistleblower they revealed
the whistleblower there wasn't it there
was this there's no way around it if
they said you can't say this name that
I'm not going to say in public you can't
say this name because it would reveal
the whistleblower and then everybody
says what name and then they look at the
name and they'd say I can't say this
name in public because that would reveal
the whistleblower didn't you just tell
me the whistleblower in public I mean
sure I had to connect two dots but you
gave me both of the dots I didn't even
have to look for the second dot dot one
what did Rand Paul's question say there
it is here it is here's a doc hold on
this dot let's see if we can find
another one dot number two the Chief
Justice didn't want to read it because
the name on there was a whistleblower
what okay I guess that's I guess that's
morally okay that's it morally and
ethically okay to report that because
they didn't say who the whistleblower is
they just gave you two dots place them
gently in your hand and said see these
two dots yeah yeah
I'm not saying who the whistleblower is
but look at those two dots I'm in the
clear
I didn't say it but the two got said it
that's enough on that in this
impeachment process we keep hearing this
claim that until our intelligence
sources have been saying that Russia is
behind the rumor that Ukraine meddled in
the 2016 election now I don't know since
I don't know enough of the details here
and I know that Politico reported at
least four times that there was some
alleged Ukraine interference in the
election in 2016 was political reporting
based on what our intelligence sources
said or did our intelligence sources not
know what Politico said or how do you
square those things how do you square
the fact that Politico was reporting
Ukraine was meddling and gave specific
examples that nobody's questioning at
the same time our intelligence sources
say no no it's a Russian rumor who do
you trust more the fake news in general
I'm not calling Politico fake news on
this story I'm just saying in general
you know a member of the press Politico
who do you trust them or are in are the
United States intelligence sources which
one would you trust neither right yeah
you wouldn't trust either one of them
but was the president justified in
saying there there's something to look
into
well according to Politico he wants now
Politico could be right and they could
be wrong but there's something there
that makes you say well I'd like to know
more about that whether they're right or
wrong it's enough to look into it one of
the good questions that came from I
think Ted Cruz was was one of the
questioners asked why is it so different
that the Hillary Clinton campaign can
use foreign interference with a steel
steel dossier what makes that different
than somebody getting some foreign
interference
Ukraine in the process of investigating
something that was worth investigating
so that's pretty good question because
we think in terms of analogies you know
even though we shouldn't so people's
mind say yeah what is different about
that now the first thing you say to
yourself is Great Britain is a an allied
country and Russia is not in the same
way does that matter it doesn't matter
at all if the United States interfered
with an election in France do you think
France would say what the United States
interfered with their election oh wait
you said the United States
that's okay their allies who would say
that nobody in France if you interfere
with another country's election it
doesn't matter if your allies that's not
really relevant and it doesn't matter if
you paid for it not really relevant in
my opinion all right so I would say I
would not trust our intelligence sources
to say that that Russia is the only
reason that people are looking at
Ukraine for interference they might they
might have boosted that signal but I
can't imagine the only one if all of you
seen Joe Lockhart appear on CNN yet and
talk crazy talk I think he was he was
going full Hitler undershorts I guess
and there's there's some things you
can't stop noticing what is wrong with
Joe Lockhart's eyes you know what I'm
talking about he has crazy eyes like you
look at him and before he even talks you
say well whatever comes out of that
mouth if that mouth is connected to
those eyes that's going to be some
serious crazy talk coming out of that
hole and and I ask myself all right who
else in the public political sphere has
crazy eyes you know Adam Schiff of
course Cory Booker some would say a
oversee some would say and I think to
myself are there
are there any Republicans who have crazy
eyes I couldn't think of one right can
you think of a Republican who when you
look at them their eyes say that I'm
crazy is this a coincidence yeah I'm
totally open to the I'm open to the
possibility that this is just anecdotal
nonsense coincidence
confirmation bias something like that
yeah Oh somebody I see some other
mention seer Michael Moore and Elizabeth
Warren you lying Omar no I don't think
any of them have crazy eyes I would not
say that at all
but the people who do have crazy eyes
all seem to be on the same team so he
says Lindsey Graham he doesn't have
crazy eyes Mitt Romney
no I would I guess it's pretty
subjective but I can't look at Joe
Lockhart without thinking that his eyes
are screaming crazy just just the way
that look I don't know it's a it's an
interesting walk all right let's talk
about the corona violence virus so I
tweeted this question which is if the US
government does not close flights or
banned flights from China temporarily
until we get a hold on this coronavirus
situation if we don't do that would that
be Trump's biggest error in risk
management one of the things I've liked
about this president is that he does
seem to understand risk management like
an entrepreneur and he he seems to
consistently not every time
but nobody's nobody gets it every time
but he consistently seems to go with the
best risk management decisions yeah
that's a longer story but it's just
something I've noticed about him that
I've appreciated but I'm watching this
situation and I'm totally stumped
because he's got the risk management
completely wrong and let me put it in
these terms if if we don't do anything
and he gets lucky
you know doesn't close the airport and
it gets lucky and there's little or no
problem in this country just people get
sick but they recover if that's the
worst that happens well then he got
lucky but would you would you make a
policy based on having to get lucky cuz
I think that would be mostly luck
because nobody is smart enough to know
what's going to happen you'd have to be
lucky that it didn't turn into a big
thing so but what if it goes the other
way suppose suppose a number of people
get infected in this country and some of
them die how many people in this country
would have to die from the corona virus
before you would say that it's a
gigantic error by the president I mean
just the biggest error probably is of
his presidency how many I'm thinking 10
but I also think somebody's job needs to
be to explain the cost benefit to us you
know when when we have a war or
something you often see the estimates at
least by the sometimes by the military
sometimes by the you know the pundits or
whatever and we say okay we're gonna we
can have a war or a military action we
think the risk to our troops is X you
know we might lose this many there's
always an implied will try to get this
benefit but it's going to cost us this
much in lives and and be aware that
every big decision the government makes
ends up you know killing somebody or
saving somebody you know if the
government says bicycles are legal
people die on bicycles if somebody if
the government says yeah you could have
a swimming pool in your backyard
somebody's going to drown in a swimming
pool so when the government makes
decisions or even decides not to make a
decision which is the same thing almost
anything big has an implication that
people die so the coronavirus would be
no difference but what is different
about it and here and here's my big
point I'm seeing the people arguing
against closing against banning flights
are saying that Scott Scott Scott do you
not understand
got you poor simple bastard don't you
understand that the regular virus you
know the normal flu is infecting way
more people like tens of thousands of
people in this country alone or billions
it's a lot whatever it is and that a
bunch of people die from that it's
usually people with degraded systems etc
so Scott don't you see that this
coronavirus is not such a big deal
because our just plain old regular virus
is just killing lots of people and it's
way more than this tiny little
coronavirus so let's not panic about it
that my friends is a form of loser think
loser think the way I define it is
people who do not have experience in
different domains think they know how to
think but they don't know what they
don't know in other words if you've
never studied economics you might think
your common sense is good enough but you
wouldn't know that there's something
important that you didn't know how to
how to consider this is a perfect
example this is an apples to orange
embarrassin it's something no scientist
would do is something no economist would
do nobody who had an MBA would be likely
to make a comparison to the corona virus
to the normal flu here's one reason why
the regular flu we can't stop I mean you
can't stop it by banning a flight the
regular flu as far as I know we do not
identify with a certain border in a
certain country and therefore there
would be no way to stop it by closing
off that country and say all right you
know you elbow nians Roy's giving us flu
so we're going to close the airport say
it wouldn't work right now I'm looking I
could be fact-checked on this so it
could be that maybe we do know what
countries they come from but for
whatever reason we don't close those
borders so here's my point you could
make a big difference in the corona
voice virus by stopping flights from one
country and checking passports from
people who may have you know tried to do
a circuitous route you could at least
tell that they came from
chyna that's completely different than
the flu that we don't have a better way
to stop than whatever we're already
doing they're just it's apples and
oranges you can't compare it to car
crashes alcohol cigarettes there's just
different things now if you could stop
those other things by closing the
flights for 30 days from one country I
would be in favor of it but it wouldn't
work what's different about the corona
virus is that we have a very specific
thing you can do that wouldn't kill you
it would be a little annoying a little
inconvenient and it would last maybe 30
days that's it so anybody who's
comparing those two things and saying
it's relevant that there's some other
unrelated flu that's worse doesn't know
how to compare things and I almost can
guarantee you that the people are saying
that don't have a background in
economics science probably engineering
maybe the law they're likely to be
artists writers philosophers that sort
of thing all right the State Department
announced a high-level warning on
Thursday not to travel to China because
of the corona virus so explain this to
me yes the State Department is saying
that we should not go there why would
they not ban flights from there to here
which in my opinion there's got to be
the bigger problem I don't think the
problem is that we're sending people
over there you know as long as they stay
there it's coming back it's the coming
back problem all right and I asked you
whose job it is in the government to
explain to us the people the
cost-benefit analysis because that's
missing and that is complete
governmental incompetence and
malfeasance in my opinion the lack of
that explanation guarantees that the
explanation
is corrupt let me just say that as
clearly as I can the the only reasonable
assumption you could make about why our
government does not have whatever
representative might be Health and Human
Services but whoever's whoever sort of
the lead person in this the only way you
can explain that they have not come out
and said we've considered closing the
airports for flights from China but
here's the cost-benefit we think if we
keep we keep them open we might have you
know a zero to ten deaths in this
country and on the other side if we
close them we think that that might have
an economic impact of whatever and that
economic impact also translates into
people living and dying because we know
that as the economy goes up and down the
people were sort of on the margin can
you know move from being a lot of
trouble to not being in a lot of trouble
with a small move so if you have a big
impact on the economy from one of your
government decisions it could end up
killing people but if you don't stand in
front of the United States public and
say here's here's the what we're
weighing we don't know if this would
kill people we think it would be a low
number but we don't know if this would
kill people either we think this could
be a low number so the reason that we're
going with this is that we think the
risk management makes more sense we can
get to the best result through this path
and here's why now if my government
explains that to me and even if I
disagreed I would say okay well at least
it's not corrupt it could be wrong
because risk management is about playing
the odds
you can correctly play the odds and
still be wrong alright and that's not a
crime that's just bad luck but if your
government does not stand in front of
you and say in public here's why we're
doing this the alternative was this
here's the cost-benefit as best we can
guesstimate it short of that you have to
assume corrupt something corrupt either
there's somebody with money who is
influencing somebody
there's somebody who has no political
financial some kind of interest that is
conflicting with the oranges so your
interest in mine are being put at a
lower priority than somebody's profit
now I don't know that but that is the
reasonable assumption because we've gone
so long without the obvious thing
happening which is somebody explaining
what the what the reasoning is in fact I
just saw a Trump being interviewed by I
guess was Fox News and he was asked
about it and he just gave general
statements about we're working with
China and other countries and we're
working hard and stuff like that and I
thought that's not good enough
that's you know that is not a
performance I want from my president now
if the president said we're looking hard
at closing the airports and we're
working out the cost-benefit analysis
will tell you tomorrow I would say okay
okay
that's on the right track you know look
that's that's what I would do that's the
reasonable thing to do but he didn't he
just he just waved his hand at you know
we're working hard and that's not nearly
enough that's not nearly enough so I
think President Trump has to explain
that and and and if people start dying
in this country while the airports are
still open to China I you know I'm not
sure I'm going to be okay with that well
I'm not going to be okay with that
I tweeted today a a weird little story
in which scientists have created the
first living robots WOD that's right
they've figured out how to take
unrelated cells and sort of just stick
them together and I guess cells like to
stick together so you can take unrelated
cells and just put them together and
they stay and then they start acting
independently because there are
different kinds of cells and one cell
will be you know trying to move and
another one won't be trying to move or
whatever but if they they use
supercomputers to figure out the nature
of all these different kinds of
sells and then they they rapidly
simulate all the combinations of how you
could put cells together and they can
actually put cells together that can
move you know an under microscope so
they can connect them together in such a
way that the the computer accurately
determined they would move forward or
move in a circle so they're actually
programming robots out of living cells
they have different characteristics and
they could put them together now I don't
know where that ends up because at some
point it might it might achieve
consciousness or something like it
something like free wealth yeah that's
an illusion but there could be a
Kentucky you know a robot version of
that so that's coming down the line at
you in the weird story some element of
anti-shah and I don't know what it takes
to be an anti-fog besides just saying
you are are planning some kind of police
subway fare protests in New York City
and it has something to do with they
don't like paying two dollars and
seventy five cents for the subway so
it's going to be some kind of a mass I
don't know civil disobedience about
paying the thing the fares and I'm
thinking to myself has anti-shah have
they drifted from hey I like what
they're saying because they're saying
bad things about they're saying bad
things about bad people so I like them
yeah they're they're against the racist
so so that's okay even if they do some
bad stuff at least they're against the
racist but assume 75 being an
organization which by the way if you
ever want to create an organization
that's guaranteed to fail one way to do
it is to let anybody join if you create
an organization that lets anybody join
sooner or later your organization is
could be filled with psychos all right
and and they're going to be running the
show so an tyfa being their preference
for not having a central control you
know they don't like the government in
general they don't like any kind of
government so of course their
organization is sort of independent
people doing independent things without
a central control and what do you get
instead of fighting the good fight for
social equality or or whatever they
might like now that you have an anti-fog
planning to to protest paying money for
services that's right
anti fire is going to protest the
concept of paying money for stuff I
don't know if they've thought this
through
I'm going to go out on a limb here
I don't know this to be true just as
suspicions nobody in the anti-shah
protest against the idea of paying for
stuff has a degree in economics I'm just
just guessing probably none of them have
an MBA probably nobody in an tyfa has a
history degree because i don't think
they know what the alternative is to a
world in which people don't pay for
services that other people had to pay to
create to provide I don't think they've
thought this through is all I'm saying
they're not even communist they ever
even thought it through that all right
that's about that's about the big and
the small of it anything else happened
in today you're all going to be watching
for the vote if the if the news coverage
is right we will see the end of
witnesses we will see a vote to acquit
and and and then we'll break into two
complete different movies in which some
people say he was impeached and some say
he wasn't Scott please address how
Roberts knew the whistleblowers name
well same way you do you know Roberts
reads the news same as everybody else I
guess so everybody in the public has
been a
opposed to the whistleblowers name and I
wouldn't say that it was justice Chief
Justice Roberts who gave away the
whistleblower he just knew that it was
dangerous territory so I think he did
the right thing I I would I would
support what you did I'm not sure I
support him continuing to put up with
what he's putting up with here's what
I'd love to see I would love to see
Chief Justice Roberts maybe at the end
of it or something say you know I just
got to give you my my feedback on this
process this was totally corrupt totally
botched because you made me sit in
public and read for two days
and you degraded the credibility of the
Supreme Court you should be ashamed of
yourselves you know better you should
not have fed me one question
filled with fake news after another and
four and cause me to read it you know in
theory the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court should be see if you agree with me
should be the most credible person in
the country period am i right who would
you want to be more credible more fair
more non-political than the Chief
Justice is it like you know that that's
the one person you want to feel
confident that that person at least
could go either way
follows the facts is not driven by
politics and to force that guy to force
him to read lies in front of the country
and and read them straight with an
opinion is is grotesque I mean to me it
just felt grotesque
I think he needed the the Silkwood
shower after that and I know that Chief
Justice Roberts is not fond of making
himself the story he likes to stay out
of the hot end of the spotlight and he
you know he maybe made a slight
exception by not reading the
whistleblower alleged whistleblower a
question but I feel like he needs to
step up and say something do you
I mean it'd be okay if he didn't because
at least that would be consistent with
staying of the spotlight and there's a
lot to be said to that but I think he
should he should say that he's disgusted
with it
I think he should present a complete if
he feels this way and I'm I'm assuming
he probably does this is an assumption
can't read his mind but don't you think
he's pretty pretty unhappy with the
people who gave him those questions and
made him read those that allowed I think
that's just a broken system you should
say something about that all right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you all later