looking
good looking
good well let me find my comments here
make sure the comments are
working I know they
will here we
go it's time for a show
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the highlight of
human civilization if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can understand when their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a Couer
mugger a glass a tankered chel a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dop me head
of the day that's the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go well let's start with some fun
science then we'll get to all the
political
Intrigue over in China they've got a
restaurant that pretends to be a train
so it's uh it's like you're inside a
train
car uh but the Windows look like they
have video screens instead of Windows
and they're coordinated so it looks like
you're in a train car that's going
through this beautiful countryside now
how much do I want to eat in that train
car that looks like it's going through
the countryside a
lot I think that would be really cool I
don't know what else it has I don't know
if it has vibration or some
background you know noise or something
like a train but I've long
imagined that what travel will look like
in the future is a drone with a 360 de
degree camera that somebody either
legally or illegally flies through every
street and places that you would want to
go so let's say you wanted to go to
Santorini or uh you wanted to go to
Paris you just sit in your room where
the the windows of your room would be
big windows but they would actually just
be TV screens and they would show the
exact video from the Drone that had
already gone through the city or the
destination imagine going to
Stonehenge just sitting in a chair in a
room and then you know you basically are
it's like you're in the Drone and you're
flying through all the rocks of
Stonehenge of assuming any that's
legal I would never need to go anywhere
again I've had some experiences with
with you know virtual reality where when
I was done I said you know what if this
were a real place in some cases they're
not real uh I would not need to go there
I would feel like I'd seen the pyramids
it if you had a full virtual room
experience where you were walking around
the pyramids and even like going up to
the top of one and inside one and all
that would you feel a deep need to
actually visit Egypt
I literally
wouldn't if you gave me a you know a
rich enough virtual experience I
wouldn't have any curiosity left I'd say
well got a pretty good idea what it's
going to look like I did that with the
uh
Coliseum so the the Rome Coliseum I did
a virtual reality program where you got
to stand there and look at it at least
from the outside and I said to myself I
feel like I've been there I I haven't
actual memory of being there and I've
never been there it's the weirdest thing
anyway here's a cool thing uh there's
now an
implantable device that can
automatically detect if you have an
overdose of opioids and then if you do
it administers a dose of nxone which is
that drug that they give if you overdose
on Fentanyl and other
opioids and apparently it's been tested
in a
pig so I don't know how long it would
take before it's in humans I also don't
know if it's a great
idea because if you said to a drug
addict hey if you put this little
implantable chip under your
skin uh and you accidentally get some
fentanyl you'll probably
survive does the addict say oh that's
good news I'll cancel my plan to get off
drugs I'll canel I'll cancel my plan for
Rehab because now I don't have a risk of
dying
so it could be one of those things where
the it sounds great on paper but if you
introduce it into the real world uh drug
addicts don't act like other people so
you could end up increasing the number
of drug addicts or at least increasing
the number who
survived and uh I'm not sure that's
exactly what they're shooting for but
more life is better than less life I
suppose meanwhile Columbia Columbia
University president re signed after
months of mounting pressure says Fox
News so this is uh man
shafik has resigned after all the
repeated calls for uh for leaving
following her response to the
anti-israel protests and violence on
campus so I feel like there is a uh
Power and balance with these protests
the anti-israel that seemed anti-semitic
to many
and that the there's really just a
timing
lag and that in the short term nobody
was expecting all these massive protests
kind of popped up quickly in the long
term I would expect that the the pro
Jewish American pro-jewish
pro-israel group would collect you know
they would organize they would figure
out how to respond and that eventually
there's going to be a pretty strong push
back to the protests that seem to be
anti-American in many ways
so so look for uh look for that power
imbalance to balance itself out over
time all right here's a question is this
real science or fake science so there's
a study according to Sky News that uh
people who feel older people who feel
their life has purpose are less likely
to get memory
loss so if you're an older P person
let's say you are retirement age your
kids are out of the house if you had any
and uh if you can find some other
purpose your memory loss will be
less does that sound like real real
science to
you does anybody have any questions
about that
science here's my question it's not an
accusation it's just a
question wouldn't it also be true true
that the people with the healthiest
brains would be the most likely to take
on a new challenge at a at their senior
years wouldn't it be likely that if you
knew your brain had lost a step you
would be less likely to say you know
what I think I'll jump right in and make
the world a better place with my
degraded
brain I've got a feeling this might be
backward science I don't know that of
course it's just when I hear something
like this I go you know I feel like this
could have worked either way people with
suboptimal brains don't take on as many
meaningful projects and if and if you're
like me I'm a certain age but my brain
unfortunately seems about the same as it
always was so I feel like I I feel like
not working at my current level of brain
health would be just the wrong decision
so I don't do I think think this this is
my you know just personal impression of
things but I feel like I do things that
are designed to be good for the world
and designed to be meaningful like like
this the thing I'm doing right now uh
because I'm not done my brain is still
functioning in many ways it's better
than it's ever been because I have extra
experience and so that's why I take on
things I take on things because I can if
I
couldn't I guess I wouldn't so I worry
that the science is backwards but don't
know don't know for sure they may have
found a way to control for that but
that's the question you should ask with
that kind of a
science well there's a story that
hackers somehow got a hold of and leaked
every American Social Security
number
oh
everyone
so do you remember
well those of you who have been with me
for a long time you know that I've been
saying for I don't know 20
years that you can want to have privacy
that's a perfectly reasonable thing to
want but there's no way you can really
get it because technology and the way
people work is so so so biased against
everybody having a reason to take a
little bit of your privacy and then the
technology will exist to steal the rest
of it and then the government will say
well if we can look at them wouldn't
that stop a lot of crime if we could
just sort of look at them and check out
their Geo fencing and everything else so
I don't think there's really any chance
that we will have a future with
something like privacy the way you used
to know it I think there's no chance of
that now you could it certainly makes
sense to fight it but your
mental you know your mental conditioning
going into that fight should be that in
the long run you lose because there
isn't really any way to keep privacy in
the long run the technology will just be
too
good so I'm not saying any of this is
good just in case you want to
misinterpret me I'm saying it's all bad
that they're taking your privacy but uh
nothing you can do about it and when I
hear that every single social security
number has been stolen I say is that why
I keep getting phone calls that my
subscribers uh well it's people who did
not
subscribe but found out that they're
being charged by
me so I'm getting more calls than I ever
have well only a handful but that's more
than I've ever had of people who say I
did not sign up for your subscription
service but you seem to be charging me
and then I have to give them the bad
news that their card has been stolen but
first I say could you check with your
spouse cuz sometimes your spouse signs
up for a coffee with Scott Adams and
doesn't mention it got put on the card
so that's happened to but yeah I'm not
even sure that credit cards will work in
the future because the the theft is so
massive at this point I
mean how many times your credit cards
been stolen in the past
year how many of you have had a fake
charge on at least one of your credit
cards in the past year for me it's every
year I I would say somebody steals one
of my cards or uses my number for a fake
transaction at least once a year I mean
our our entire system doesn't really
work it's heading in the wrong
direction well the mayor of Palm Beach
uh wants to shut down maral Lago and the
argument would be because I guess
security has increased after the
assassination attempt on Trump so the
Secret Service uh closed the road but
really that means that they just check
you when you're going in if you're a
resident they're going to make sure they
check you and uh so the mayor who some
have described as a rhino I don't know
if that's accurate but um is uh making
noise that if the road is closed then
you can't say that uh that that private
club should be
opened so it looks
like I I feel like just everybody who
has some way to go after Trump is doing
it we got another drump all capsure here
we got a serious drunk coming from
Rumble all caps I love that the drunk
people signal their drunkness with all
caps it's so useful I used to be against
all caps but now that I realize it's
only being the the only people who use
the L caps are the the
drunks that actually is helpful because
you could just oh all caps I'll skip
that
one all right so there's a Wall Street
Journal Story the big story today I
guess Wall Street Journal is breaking
this story that the nordstream pipeline
was not blown up by the United
States it was not blown up by
Ukraine the government the government so
here's the story that I don't believe
one bit of it
it might be true but there there's
nothing credible about this story
whatsoever right so here's the new story
that the the people who blew up the
nordstream pipeline were ukrainians but
they were private ukrainians operating
without the government's approval now
they they The Story Goes that they did
tell zilinski they plan to do it and
that when the CIA got wind of it the CIA
said no no don't do that and told
zalinsky no no no don't blow up that uh
Pipeline and then zilinski said no no no
you guys don't blow up that pipeline so
that means that the CIA was innocent
because they said don't do it that means
zalinski was eventually innocent because
he told the plotters to not do it but
then those plotters oh those those dirty
plotters they did it anyway so they they
rented their own little uh yacht
and they got their little team together
with Prof I know professional private
divers and they went down there and they
blew up that pipe that uh
pipeline how many people believe that's
true does anybody believe that's
true to to me it seems so ridiculously
obviously not
true uh that I just laugh at it I mean I
don't I don't think any of that's true
could it be true sure I suppose you know
one one of the ways that you can tell
truth from fake news is if fake news is
perfect if you're going to make up a
fake story you make sure it all hangs
together it all makes
sense the real world is is so weird that
you can't even believe it's
true if something is coming from Real
World observation it always has well
often if it's anything complicated
it has the quality of really some
somebody would act that way you know
somebody actually made that mistake
somebody's that incompetent so that's
what real stories sound like so there is
a little bit of real story about this
and that it's so messy and there's so
much Badness in it but it's a little bit
too on the nose you know what I mean
what what is it that our CIA would want
the world or Russia to believe what
would be the most on thenns thing that
the CIA would want you to believe that
it wasn't the CIA first of all but
miraculously and unbelievably it wasn't
Ukraine's
government hey look at that it it wasn't
us and it wasn't even the Ukraine
government isn't that convenient and
what about the timing of learning this
huh it's right when everybody observing
this is pretty sure that both sides are
getting closer to negotiating an end to
it you know it would be hard to make the
negotiations work if you were planning
to negotiate an end to the Ukraine
conflict what would make it really hard
is if Putin believed that you'd blown up
his pipeline because he might say to you
yes I will be willing to negotiate and
end this war
but you're going to have to pay for the
pipeline would that be an unreasonable
request if he said yes we we will uh
wind down the war the only thing I ask
is you got to pay for the
pipeline and it's $10
billion I don't know this looks a little
too perfect because if it wasn't the
government of Ukraine that did it and it
wasn't the
CIA who are you going to build you going
to build the six people on the boat they
don't have 10
billion so to me it looks like a
preparation for
negotiation I would imagine that the
Democrats would love to wind down the
Ukraine war and take that as a win if
they could spin it that way as a win
before the
election so every part of this looks a
little too coincidental so I'm not
buying any of
it that's my take uh rasmason has an
updated poll on Trump and Harris and uh
still has Trump up 49 to 45 and if you
throw in the third party people it
doesn't change much um at least in terms
of the percentage lead and
um of course we're at a point where we
don't know what to believe about polls
but it is true that the rasmuson poll
didn't change much by recent
events other polls are showing wow big
change K Harris is killing it everybody
loves her the joy you can feel the
joy um so someday we might know what uh
what's true but at this point the the
polls uh in general are not
believable um I have more confidence in
the rasmason pole CU traditionally they
do well compared to other pollsters but
also they don't really have a reason to
lie about
this they they're not so uh pro-
Democrat that you would expect them to
lie so the ones you don't expect to
lie have a different result than the one
you expect to
lie I don't know is that a
coincidence well inflation is a weirdly
low which is just good enough to confuse
the stupid people
because the stupid people will say my my
goodness inflation is now down to a
reasonable number under 2% or something
2% now if that were real that'd be
great but what what Republicans will say
is well if you were compare current
prices to 2019 they're up 30 50%
insurance is through the roof and eggs
and gas are way higher so it's probably
good news that inflation
isn't still going and it's really good
news but it doesn't make anything
affordable because things already went
up now why did they go
up so don't you have questions
about what exactly is driving all of it
I can tell you that in California the
reason Insurance went through the roof
is because there was fire
risk uh that was crazy so the the state
wasn't managing the fire risk
but also the state uh insurance
commission said you can't raise rates
for a while they've changed that but uh
and then the insurance companies just
said we're out we're done if you can't
raise rates enough to make money why be
in
business
so yeah and some big fires that just
whacked the insurance companies so we
have enough information that uh
Democrats can claim that inflation is
low while Republicans claim that it's
through through the roof and that the
Baseline went up so so much that an
ordinary person can't afford to live
anymore both are true both are
true so Harris is going to have some
kind of meeting Friday I guess tomorrow
and talk about her uh Financial economic
proposals that'll be interesting but uh
she wants to end price gouging she
says end price gouging and especially
for meat proc in
conglomerates now the question I would
ask
is is there one Economist in the entire
world democrat or republican could even
be a communist I don't care is there one
Economist anywhere who thinks that the
government should cap prices for
anything I believe the answer is there's
no such thing as any
Economist
anywhere left or right who thinks this
is a good idea so here's what you should
look for look for MSNBC and CNN to have
no Economist on on their show instead
they'll have pundits do you know why
there will be no
economists because no Economist thinks
that capping prices is a good idea none
zero you can't find
any now uh I might be wrong about that
but if you see an economist come on and
say you know what
in a capitalist system if you want to
have a good supply of things you cap the
price nobody will say that so watch how
fake the news becomes because you might
see an economist come on Fox News to say
well that's a terrible idea everybody
knows it but CNN and
MSNBC almost have to have no Economist
on the news for the next few months none
you watch
yeah the the even the economists whose
names you've heard of and are often on
the news they will be so shut out they
will have nothing to do with this and if
you were just a Democrat voter and you
were not an economist and you didn't
know whether price caps were good or bad
which would be reasonable I mean I think
you'd have to have some pretty deep
experience to know it's always a bad
idea some people would think well maybe
this case it is a good idea no it's not
it's always a bad idea idea 100% of the
time that's one of the few things you
can depend on in economics is if you put
artificial controls on things you'll get
less of it
guaranteed so meat processing
conglomerates I don't know what the
story is there I guess there were a
bunch of mergers and so the government
is claiming that the mergers allowed
them to make obscene profits do you
think that's true do you think that the
reason
meat prices are high is because the meat
processing
conglomerates uh consolidated and then
there's less
competition I'll bet that's not what's
going on I'm no expert but here's what I
would guess my guess is that the
consolidations are because they couldn't
make
money in other words there was too much
competition and the prices were too low
to handle their overhead so my guess is
if you looked at the return on
investment of whatever meat process meat
processing conglomerates exist I'll bet
you'd find the ROI would be right in the
middle of business in general meaning
that there would be no indication of
price
gouging because it's not price gouging
if the company is making just an
ordinary profit price gouging would mean
they're you know 100% more profit than
they've ever made before and they could
could easily lower the cost and still
make lots of
money where's that evidence do you think
K Harris will say Here's the the meat
processing conglomerates we're talking
about before they Consolidated their Roi
was a quite reasonable 10% a year after
consolidation and you know several of
them Consolidated now this one big
company is has has an Roi of
53% yeah way more than the average
companies so that's abusive do you think
she'll make that argument I guarantee
you she will not you will never hear
about the profit
Roi you know forget about profit number
if she just gives you a number like and
they made a billion dollars this year
whatever whatever the number is that's
fake you've got to you've got to know
the return on the on the assets that
they employed that would tell you if
they're making money more than you would
expect the company to make
so look for no good information on
economics coming out of any of
this um meanwhile Trump uh his economic
proposals
include extending his 2017 tax cuts now
somebody explained to me the other day
because I went to the website where you
can put in your your personal income and
age and state and we'll tell you how
much uh you'll save in
taxes um or lose in taxes depending if
this uh tax law
expires so I said to myself oh my God if
these Trump tax cuts expire how much
more am I going to spend so I go to the
site I put in my information and it
tells me that if the tax cuts expire I
will save money quite a bit and I looked
at it and I think I told you oh the
website doesn't work because it says if
the taxes go down no it says if the tax
go
up that somehow I'm going to spend less
on
taxes and I thought it must be
broken and that's why I said and then
somebody said no Scott because part of
the tax law was that it took away State
deductions and I'm in California so we
have you know wildly crazy taxes for
California so I used to be able to write
them off so that used to be a deduction
but I lost lost my state
deduction in return for a lower tax rate
but it didn't compensate so it turns out
that the Trump proposed uh taxes will
raise my
taxes so I'm not in favor of that I'm in
favor of raising your taxes not mine
like everybody else I just say it out
loud yeah I would love to raise your
taxes and lower mine is that wrong no
it's not wrong cuz you want the same
thing you want my taxes to go up and
yours to go down let's be honest we all
want everybody else's taxes to go up
except maybe poor people uh we don't
want their taxes to go up but but among
the people who are you know able to pay
their bills already we kind of want the
other people's taxes to go up so I I
can't support Trump's uh economic plan
because it raises my
expenses um there may be other parts of
it I might support I mean obviously I
think the how you treat the Border has
to be part of your economic plan because
the Border stuff is really an expense
it's just a different kind of one so I'm
not going to go all in on Trump's
economic proposals you can make your own
decisions if you do your calculations
and it looks like it will lower your
taxes then I would say you have a
complete
moral um cover to say you like that
better it raises my taxes I think I'm
not positive but it looks like it might
if it raises my taxes I'm against it and
I think you would you understand that
right right somebody's going to win
somebody's going to lose but nobody
wants their own taxes to go
higher all right and uh and Trump wants
to do more increased
drilling um even though I think we're at
record levels but you could do a lot
more I I think lowering energy costs I I
think that's the magic lever and I think
Trump has a much better
story that he would increase production
and lower lower energy costs so I think
he's got that the better story then
there's this whole question of tariffs
so I guess the Biden Administration
which was always anti- tariff decided
not to remove uh most of or all of
Trump's tariffs that he had on China is
that true I need a fact check on that
but I think that the Democrats were all
anti- tariff until they inherited the
government and then they said uh we
better keep these tariffs because that's
a lot of money coming in now some people
say but Scott you fool don't you know
that tariffs don't help at all because
all they do is pass along the expense to
consumers in this country to which I say
I'm not sure you understand how this
works
so here's my big
question if we're getting raw materials
from
China and we don't have those raw
materials here I would not expect to see
a
tariff because why would you just
increase the cost basically it just be a
tax on Americans because we would need
the raw materials for building whatever
we need to build it would be just like
ATT tax so why would you do that well
probably don't here's a case where would
make sense to put a tariff on let's say
China decides it wants to take over one
of our Industries and I'll just make one
up let's say China wants to take over
the refrigerator and Manufacturing
industry now I'm making that up because
they already took it over I think or
South Korea did or somebody did I don't
know we do we make any
refrigerators does United States even
make a refrigerator probably not but
imagine the situation where America said
our refriger ation manufacturing is
vitally important we can't have some
other country making all our
refrigerators um so in that case a
tariff would make sense because the
Tariff is to discourage people from
buying the Chinese refrigerator when
they could buy an American one and
everybody is a little bit better off
that way now if China had artificially
lowered the price of the refrigerators
so that a Chinese refrigerator cost half
as much
and was just as good well it would put
American refrigerator makers and a
business but not because of competition
it would be because the Chinese
government had subsidized their
refrigerators to make them so cheap that
it would put us on a business so a
tariff makes sense when you're
protecting an industry from being
attacked not by another competitor this
is the important part the Tariff is not
to protect you from a good competitor
the tariff is to protect you from a
government that is backing a competitor
so much so that they can wipe out your
entire
industry so in those cases you want a
tariff now would it raise the prices in
some cases of Americans paying for
things yes it
would but it would also Drive the right
Behavior which should compensate enough
to make that a good tradeoff the right
behavior is that we keep our
refrigerator industry now when I talk
about refrigerators it's ridiculous
because I think we've already lost that
industry but imagine if it's electric
cars do you think we can not be the
electric car
maker we need that industry what if it's
solar panels and and uh batteries for
your house no we need that we we really
really need that so there's some things
that have such basic domestic value that
you have to do whatever it takes to keep
the com competitors out and a tariff is
a good way to do that so just remember
this simple rule about
tariffs if it's something we need and we
can't get it somewhere else that's a bad
tariff that's just a tax if it's another
government targeting an industry for
Destruction you need to do whatever it
takes to stop it and if it's a tariff
even with a little pain that is the
correct answer so tariffs are not so
easy it's not tariffs are good or
tariffs are
bad Argentina elected an
economist the uh argentinians had a
problem with housing
Supply how how do you think it went all
right let's let's predict this so
Argentina elects an
economist and I told you economists
don't believe in price GS none of them
none of them so they elect an economist
did he put price caps on nope he did the
opposite uh he removed price caps rent
control and what happened he's an
economist he removed government caps on
prices for housing immediately it caused
a building boom and a a resupply of
rental
housing do you know why because it
always does it it works every time this
is not one of those things guessing
about if you elect an economist you get
this I I'd love to see if there's any
Economist in you know something like a
capitalist country that ever got a worse
result I'll bet not I'll bet they all
they all get a reasonably good economic
result and I would argue that uh Trump
is far closer to being an economist as
in being compatible with an economist in
terms of all of his views
than K Harris so if you can't get an
economist you want somebody whose views
are completely compatible with
economists and I think Trump is 100%
compatible with General economic belief
and KL Harris is I
think 100% incompatible with every
Economist now I'm making the largest
claim so there may be you know some
weird exceptions but I think that's true
I think there's no such thing as any
Economist who who believes in price gaps
for
example or or keeping the Border open
the way we have it um also the Democrats
are looking at attacks on unrealized
gains now without getting too wonky
about that uh let me tell you that 100%
of economists think that's a terrible
idea so what it would do to me is um
it would be really bad for me most of
most of my current
money uh is from my
investments almost all the money that I
made just sort of daily you know my
daily royalties for my career either
spent gave
away or invested in some kind of
business that usually didn't go well so
my entire wealth for the rest of my life
is from investment gains cuz early in my
career I made you know nice little
pocket of money and I just put it all in
an index fund and then I just sat on it
for 30 years so that's my money but the
the small amount that I put in
relatively small amount that I put into
the stock market is now a nice healthy
amount if they tax me on the difference
between what I put in and what it's
worth now even though I haven't sold any
of it
I'm going to get
killed I mean it would actually change
my entire lifestyle depending on the
percentage I
guess so it's uh it's pretty Draconian
and you know although I'd be fine I mean
I could I'm not going to starve but uh
you could imagine somebody who is in a
similar situation where most of their
net wealth is an unrealized gain and
it's what they're relying on for their
entire
um
retirement it it is just so wrong and
unfair and I don't think any Economist
is in favor of it now I might be wrong
on this one I'm definitely not wrong on
the price caps not being supported by
any Economist on the left or the right I
don't know about this one but I can't I
can't believe there'd be anybody in
favor of
it it'd be hard to imagine so um but but
of course you watch the news right so
the news has fully vetted
this what no no the this most important
question you haven't seen the news tell
you whether it's a good or bad idea to
tax unrealized
gains how about the one on tariffs do
you remember the tariffs who explained
to you what I just explained that there
are some cases where tariff is is really
a National Defense necessity do you
remember the news covering that in
detail for you
probably not now I do believe the news
has covered all of these things but they
just sort of do a light touch and move
on yeah they don't treat it like it's
the most important thing and I don't
know what's much more important than the
economy all right here's an
assassination attempt update um the the
uh Rabbit Hole of the Trump attempted
assassination just keeps getting bigger
uh I'm not going to give you details but
I would recommend to you a podcast in
which Benny Johnson was talking to Mike
Ben
and Mike Ben does this incredible job of
collecting connecting dots and
explaining the architecture of our
government and all of its parts and how
everything fits together and what looks
like a coincidence and what doesn't and
it's really a master class every every
time I see him on a podcast I think wow
I just learned something I never knew
before so if if you're not following
Mike Ben B
NZ you're Flying Blind you're just
Flying Blind you you really wouldn't
know what's going on anywhere because
almost everything that's in the news is
a fake
version everything that's real is the
layer below that and then even if you
saw what's happening in the layer below
it it would still be it wouldn't look
like anything to you you have to go to
the level below that where you know who
the players are
once you know the history and you know
the players then the layer above that
makes sense and that's something like
reality the layer above that the fake
layer is the fake news that's what we
hear we don't really have access to
anything unless you run into a Mike Benz
who can tell you who the players are
what the history is and how all those
parts connect if you don't see that you
actually know
nothing and that's a real hard thing to
get your to WRA your head around that
your understanding of the world is at
zero but it is it's actually a zero you
you're not even close if you don't know
who's who and the history of all that
stuff especially the intelligence part
of it
but here are some things that Mike Ben
points out uh I recommend again you see
the larger uh the larger conversation
with Benny Johnson but uh so the attempt
on Trump came soon soon after the
Supreme Court
ruling that made it less likely Trump
would go to jail huh that's sort of a
coincidence isn't it that as soon as the
risk of going to jail was substantially
lessened it's not zero but substantially
lessened then suddenly there was attempt
on his actual life but that could be a
coincidence
interestingly that attempt came just was
it a week or two before the uh RNC
convention where they would have
actually pick their
candidate because what would have
happened if the assassination attempt
had been
successful well it'd be too late to run
a whole new primary wouldn't it so maybe
somebody would get picked by the
delegates and the Insiders and the money
people and maybe it would be Nikki Hy
maybe it would be Nikki Hy I mean she
was one of the last ones in the race
right
yeah now is that a
coincidence so the actual assassination
attempt was sandwiched between two
coincidences that look like really big
ones one they knew he wouldn't go to
jail or it was less likely two it was
exactly the right timing where they
could have slotted somebody else in
without any kind of a process you know
much the way they did with
Harrison now is that is that or Harris
is that a coin incidence that that
attempt came exactly in that weird
little window where if you were some
shadowy organization that wanted to take
him out it would have been the perfect
timing could be a coincidence you have
to watch out because once you form a
narrative in your head you will notice
that everything fits your narrative so
could confirmation bias explain those
two
coincidences yes yes it could it could
are there any
more well we found out that this kid
learned how to make pipe
bombs which turns out to be a favored uh
favored technique of our undercover
people teaching people to become better
terrorists and that feels like a big
coincidence huh he also knew how to make
pipe
bombs that that's sort of
suggestive that some American
intelligence
entity may have taught him but it's also
possible he just learned it on the
Internet or you know he was just clever
and he figured it
out could it be confirmation bias it
could be it could be but that would be
three
coincidences and then there's also this
question of we I guess there's a new
video of the placement of the pipe bomb
on January 6 now this is separate from
the assassination attempt so January 6
we know there was a pipe bomb planted
outside some DNC entity kamla Harris
seemed to have walked past it without
any Secret Service problems it wasn't
especially hidden it was a pipe bomb
there's Now video that makes it look
like a cop might have placed it I don't
know if that's true so the the whole
story about the pipe bomb is being told
in a confusing way where I looked into
it and I was like I'm not even sure what
you're saying and there's some new
videos and I looked at them and I said I
don't know what these are showing and
the description of what's Happening
isn't really telling me what's happening
so the pipe bomb thing is getting
confusing but it did happen at the same
time that the uh people who uh are
sometimes considered Insiders on the
January 6 thing decided to make their
push on the capital
so was the pipe bomb part of a
conspiracy to make it look like the
protesters were more dangerous than they
were I don't know so that whole story is
just really confusing but all these
coincidences start to layer together and
their ven diagrams are overlapping and
you know why why is this the only
assassin in the world who doesn't have
social media you know he didn't leave a
note you know you just keep going and
you know the um the Secret Service were
unusually bad that day they were
replaced by uh elements of the
Department of
Homeland Homeland
uh Homeland Department of Homeland
what's the s
for so the uh there's just a whole lot
of coincidences there so I don't know
what to think about
that but uh certainly it's dirty looking
well Tim walace is getting the creepy
guy treatment from a number of notable
people I won't name names but you've
probably noticed that on the critic side
the non-d Democrat side A lot of people
are having the same viseral reaction to
him that I am now my visceral reaction
is not based on any super knowledge I
have of wrongdoing or anything illegal I
have no no personal information about
anything like that I just look at him
and he's got that John Brennan face you
know John Brennan used to be head of the
CIA and whenever he would come on to
talk about Trump and you know Russia
collusion which was totally made up by
people like John Brennan and when he
came on he talked about the hunter
laptop you know another case
you would just look at his face and
you'd say you look like somebody's lying
all the time he's just got this biggest
liar face John brenon does now maybe
it's just natural it doesn't mean
doesn't mean I'm peering into his soul
I'm just saying he has a face that you
would want to cast in a movie of
somebody who was a bad
guy
and I see the same thing in Tim
wals that he looks like somebody you
would cast in a movie of somebody who
pretended to be a good guy until you
found out he wasn't it's just a vibe
that I just can't shake now there are
let's say a number of coincidences
around his life that I won't get into
but everything about this guy just
screams there's something we need to
know that we don't
know
anyway um here's another Mike Ben's
thing I also saw on the Benny Johnson
podcast no I think it was on another
podcast it wasn't on that one but uh
he called the uh the issue where the
Harris campaign was modifying Google
headlines to make it look like it was
more positive for the Harris campaign so
they were sponsored ads but if you did a
Google search you wouldn't notice that
maybe the first ones were paid ads even
though they're they're indicated just
with a little indicator but you'd see a
whole bunch of positive things that
looks like the news loves KLA Harris or
or that the news is saying things things
are very positive for KL Harris at
least so they got busted for that and
there were lots of examples of them
doing it and they admit it uh but it's
not illegal it's not illegal it's weasly
but not illegal Google claims that there
was a some kind of problem in their
system that allowed Harris to get away
with it and that they're they're acting
like although it's not
illegal they're acting like it wouldn't
have happened under their process that
they wish had been working I guess I
don't know if you can believe that but
here's what Ben said that I thought was
uh
hilarious um we know that the news in
general is fake and we know that Google
can gain what news you see so if you
start with fake
news but then how you see it and the way
it's presented is also gamed that's like
two levels or two layers of fakeness
one is the news itself and two is
deciding which of the fake news or real
news you see that would be
Google Now the Harris campaign managed
to add a level of fake on top of the two
existing levels of fake so it was fake
news Google decides what you see and
what you don't which is another form of
brainwashing essentially and then the
Harris campaign modified the real news
into fake news so it was actually three
layers of
fakeness which Ben's called a fake news
tiasu because tiasu is a layered
dessert three layers of
fakeness that's where we're
at well there's a report that kim.com
might get extradited to the United
States from New Zealand I've always
wondered what was happening with that
case but if you don't follow Kim
as I do you would not know that he is a
a very vocal and out say productive
critic of the American government and
you know I think more so of the
Democrats but I'm not positive about
that
um so to me it just sounds like they're
trying to get their hands on a Critic
who knows too much he would be in the
category of people who seem to know
what's happening behind the curtain now
I don't know if he's always right but
he's a dangerous critic to the United
States and uh
surprise now the United States has
worked on a way to extradite him now it
seems to me that he got really quiet on
social media I used to see him every day
and I haven't seen him for a while now I
don't know if that's because the
algorithm changed or something has life
changed or it's this legal problem but
uh this is a big red flag now I'm not
I'm not supporting anything kim.com did
in the legal sense I'm not aware of what
the charges are but when you see
somebody who's such a
productive he actually makes a
difference in his opinion uh
publicly and then you see the United
States has a reason to pick him
up I'm just not comfortable with it it
could be it's just
ordinary Department of Justice stuff he
did some things that are illegal we're
going through normal process maybe you
know may maybe there's some things he
needs to answer for I don't know I I
just don't live in a world where I can
be comfortable that somebody who is also
a really productive critic of the
government coincidentally is getting
picked
up the coincidences just keep racking
up all right now we get to my most
provocative part of
today's um
presentation you know how we're all U
mocking Harris for not doing press
interviews and the Press is mocking her
and the Press is pushing her and all the
smart people are saying uh she's going
to have to do this and you know she's
she's avoiding it and blah blah
blah well here's what I
think what what is the point of talking
to the
[Music]
Press there's no reason to to talk to
the
Press if if you're a well-known entity
meaning the public you know has a basic
idea who you are and what you're up to
that would be true of both Trump and
Harris we've been watching them both for
a
while talking to the Press how does that
benefit either of
them if they want to get a story out
that's in in their favor they can do an
event and then the Press covers the
event but they don't get to ask any
questions if either candidate agrees to
an
interview what's going to
happen well you know in advance whether
the interviewer is a friendly or an
unfriendly right if it's a friendly it's
useless because it's basically just the
campaign stump speech as translated
through a friendly interviewer so we
don't need to see a friendly talk to a
politician it's it's just basically a
free campaign spending but what if
they're uh not friendly and they're very
clearly aligned with the other
side what use is
that you say to yourself but Scott that
is useful because then they're going to
ask the questions that are like the real
probing deep
questions is that what you
observe well let me ask this have you
ever seen any press Pro or anti anybody
who's at the the high level of the
Democrats either for Biden or Trump or
Harris have you ever heard them say um
what are you going to do about the
deficit that's going to kill us now they
let Trump say stuff like oh I'm going to
grow my way out of it and then change
the subject that's not an answer you
can't grow your way out of it or uh I'm
going to maybe we'll look at cutting
some expenses but I can't be more
specific no you can't cause spening
enough to get out of the deficit it's
not even possible
so where where is the hard-hitting
interview that's asking either the left
or the right any question that's
useful right let me give you another
one there's a there's now some uh video
uh Eric I think it's
uh Eric abinanti is uh is posting this
on X so a video of kamla Harris not too
long ago saying that in California they
needed to go to paper ballots because
it's the only way you could be sure you
had a secure
election let me say that again KLA
Harris not many years ago in California
has said in public as clearly as
possible that paper ballots are the only
way you can be sure the election is
clean just think about that now now ask
now let me ask this
question who has ever had a major uh
presidential candidate for an interview
and said can you explain why the
government even uses electronic voting
machines doesn't seem to be faster
doesn't feel more credible to the
public uh both Democrats and Republicans
at various times have said it's got to
be paper because we don't trust these
other machines it can't be cheaper so if
it's not cheaper faster or more
reliable can you vice president Harris
or can you uh candidate Trump explain to
me why we have them because the public
doesn't have any idea why we have
electronic voting machines because as we
observe we don't see evidence that it's
faster more reliable or
cheaper so just tell us why now those
are what I call good
questions have you ever heard a reporter
ask those
questions have you ever heard a reporter
ask smart questions about
tariffs here here's the reporter talking
about tariffs well some people say
tariffs will just raise prices on people
what do you say Mr Trump well I
collected $20 billion in tariffs
nobody's ever collected that much I got
so much in tariffs nobody's ever seen
that much money let's change the
subject nobody asks Trump about tariffs
in a way that when you're done you the
viewer would have any idea if it was a
good idea or a bad idea Trump just you
know throws his his persuasion in there
and changes the subject because you
can't you know spend the whole day in
one question so we don't have a press on
the left or the right that seems either
willing or able to ask any question that
a citizen would actually be interested
in do you know what they ask if if you
give a a really good
interview to one of the campaign here's
what they're going to ask what do you
think about JD Vance a couch
that that'll be what you get so given
that the entire news industry has shown
themselves to be completely useless
clowns with a few exceptions
right a few exceptions uh I mean you
know I always think of the uh the time
that uh bre Barts Joel poock um
challenged uh Biden when he was when he
was a candidate maybe he'd already been
elected I can't remember but challenged
him on the fine people
hoax but of course since it wasn't a sit
down he couldn't really get into you
know Joel couldn't really get into the
details and Biden just lied and said his
lie and then changed the subject and
went on so we do we do know that there
are some people who are willing to ask
the question that the public is
interested
in uh it's just there's no I mean do do
you think Joel's going to get a sit down
with Harris not a
chance if if it's George stepping upas
is he going to ask the right question
about why did you run on a
hoax no not a chance there's not a
chance so here's what I think we need
and by the way uh an couter added on to
the in a sense sort of a related Point
she said that political de are stupid if
you I'm paraphrasing the political
debates are stupid if the questions are
asked by
partisans and it doesn't really matter
if the partisan is on the right or the
left why do you have partisans at
all and her her point is shouldn't the
candidates ask each other
questions and I thought you know what
that's actually better I would love to
see the candidates say you each have six
questions you can't you know you can't
do more than that but you're each going
to come with six questions and you will
ask your six questions but then you'll
be able to respond and then respond to
the response you know some kind of
technique that makes sense so the
question comes from somebody who's not a
partisan but well they are ultimate
partisan because they're running against
them but it would be the far more
penetrating
question now I'm going to I'm going to
try to top that I think that that's also
not ideal because the the questions that
a candidate would bring would be so
biased that you know the question would
be the kind of the answer
itself here's what I'd love to see I
would love to see some kind of an entity
or
website that can capture the Public's
questions and somehow rank them because
the public has questions that the the
Press just doesn't ask so I want to know
Joel's question
right I want to know why are you running
on a debunk HX and I want to spend some
time on it I I want you to give your
answer and then I want to I want
somebody to say but you know that's not
true I want a real discussion based on
real questions I want somebody ask why
do we have voting machines can you just
explain
it and again I'm open to the fact that
there's some obvious reason to have them
that's I'm not aware of I that could
easily be the case
but don't we need to know doesn't the
public need to have a little bit of
education on this question so yes we
need some way for um citizens to be
asking the questions and now I'm going
to Triple down on my suggestion for
Trump you you may have seen a video that
went around where he was interacting
with some voters somewhere in some kind
of Commercial Business and he was
signing hats and signing baseballs and
patting people on the back and just
making conversation with people and it
was
amazing it was amazing from the
perspective of just watching his Persona
and watching his
Charisma now I'd like to take that to
another level where instead of talking
to his supporters all the time which
doesn't give you any new information I'd
love to see and this is the third time I
think I've said it I'd love to see Trump
go to
lunch with four or five Democrats who
are definitely not on his team and have
them ask the hardest
questions see how he does I have no
interest in seeing him answer a question
for the
Press not really I'm mildly interested
in watching the candidates answer
questions they ask each other but I
think the questions would be so gamed
that it would turn useless pretty
quickly but I would
never never be tired of watching a real
citizen ask the potential president of
the United States what the is this
all about and then and then just look
him in the eye and say that doesn't even
sound real to me that's the best you got
now I think that nobody would really act
that way to somebody who has been the
president you know
Trump's presence would be kind of
suppressing The Worst Behavior but
probably in a good way meaning that I
think people would still because we're
Americans right Americans are willing to
push uh your typical Americans are going
to still push him but they might do it
politely but they just wouldn't let go
they just wouldn't let go hey we're
going to be here for lunch so you better
tell me what you're going to do about
the national debt well I'm going to do
it with growth really because I don't
think growth would get you there well
how much of the debt do you think you're
going to pay off with growth and if you
got a 10%
GDP it would drive inflation crazy so
how do you get there you can't get there
from here now you might need an
economist sitting at the you might need
like a fact Checker sitting at lunch so
maybe I'll add a fact Checker to it
somebody who could add a little Nuance
you know so that if Trump tries to
answer the question but it's an answer
that the citizen wouldn't know is not a
real answer that the fact Checker would
say excuse
me um I understand the question I
understand the answer but the answer
doesn't seem quite addressing the
question and here's why I would love
that all day long all day long I could
watch that and it would be useful it
would change the votes I think people
would say oh that's me at that
lunch I I have exactly those questions
and I wish that was me but oh the person
who is there asked my question so you
would
totally pull yourself into the lunch you
would be one of the people at the table
and that to me would be a whole new
model of
news so debates are uh stupid and press
interviews are stupid the way things are
organized um I will call your attention
again to the uh the X account comma HQ
lies all one word um which basically
goes after every lie that Comm Harris's
campaign tells and then debunks them um
but I haven't seen There Yet the full
ranked list of her worst
lies that would be really useful I love
the top 20 maybe there are 100 but
they're at least a top 20 because we
need to be able
to you know forward that around whenever
that claim that uh trumps the
liar comes up again I think Harris
stopped saying that as much they may be
they may be modifying their approach
because they've been caught lying so
many
times but uh yeah let's see a list of
Harris
lies all right what else is going on
here uh the New York attorney general
Leticia
James um she's warning companies about
uh misinformation in the coming
elections and especially problem with
the AI so she sent a letter to Google
open AI X and meta to warn them about
the the rise of
AI
disinformation now I think we're um
we're in a weird period of
history in which uh people can still be
fooled by AI
images now I think that's not going to
last forever right because once every
single person knows that every single
photograph or video even video could be
fake won't we learn to ignore
it or will we learn that um you know the
real ones have some kind of a I don't
know Watermark or something on them
somehow is there a way that we'll be
able to tell the source oh maybe that's
all you need you just need to know the
source because if you trust the source
then you'll think it's not AI if you
don't know the
source probably
AI maybe that's all they need to
do you know what
rather than identifying
AI wouldn't it make more sense for the
social media companies to Simply
identify the source and if there's no
known source make sure people know that
there's no identified source for this
which would tell me that there's not
some video of this in the wild that
rather it must be AI unless it's the
only person who has this video so I
think if you simply forced people to to
say the for the to say the
source of wherever the art came from you
being good shape now could that be done
automatically or would you need people
to do that it might be automatic because
on Google for example you could search
for an image right if you had an image
you could search to find out if it
matches an existing image so wouldn't
Google know that if an AI image is being
run on a social platform would know that
that doesn't exist from any reliable
source and therefore almost certainly
fake anyway we'll see where that goes I
saw that Glenn
kersner who the hell is he um but he's
somebody important and he's he's saying
with h these big wide eyes that make him
look crazy and well just crazy um he
looks crazy I don't know if he is but he
said U if Trump loses the election he
quote will spend the rest of his
miserable life in court being prosecuted
and ultimately serving prison terms one
after the
other do you think that's true do you
think that if Trump doesn't win that the
the lawfare will just continue until
he's in jail or lawf fared into
submission it might but here's the thing
I worry about
out what would stop
that because none of it looks real to me
in in terms of regular person would not
be prosecuted for this sort of stuff I
feel like the Republicans need some kind
of um mutually assured
destruction and the mutually assured
destruction should be in the some same
domain you know meaning
lawfare and I think what they need to do
is say all right if you lawfare Trump
here are the the three leaders in the
Democrat Party that are going to have
non-stop legal cases against them um
through and ideally you should all be
legal right I'm not talking about doing
anything illegal in response but the
same way it's legal for them to do
infinite lawfare that would not be done
for another candidate or another person
another citizen um why can't Republicans
do the same thing but hold it as a
threat not necessarily is something
that's executed on moment one but rather
they should say if you're going to
laware of trump out of office or if
you're going to laware him after office
we're going to put a billion dollars
into destroying the lives of whoever is
behind it because you can't do that and
get away with
it I don't think we can have a society
where one can get a billionaire to fund
their infinite lawsuits against one
candidate they don't want to run for
office
I can't live in that country I need that
billionaire to be lawed out of office or
out of you out of the public life so
there needs to be some massive really
well-funded you know like a billion
dollars that says we're not going to
operate if everything's going fine you
know we're not an attack dog we're we
are simply NATO we're not an offensive
operation we're we're like a legal NATO
if if you if you laware one of our team
we're going to put a billion
dollars into burying
you but but if it's just law fair I mean
if somebody actually broke the law then
the legal system needs to handle that
but if it's clearly lawfare we're going
to put a billion dollars into ruining
you specifically for being behind it
anything short of that and we lose
everything because this whole laware
thing is so out of control it seems to
be the dominant way the government is
being run by
lawyers right and we don't trust the
legal system because you know you just
pick your Venue and you know what the
answer is going to be
so I'd say $1 billion of
legal NATO like defensive Force for
Republicans would be necessary for the
health of the Republic but don't use it
offensively that would be my
recommendation
well the American Society of plastic
surgeons of which almost all plastic
surgeons
belong um they uh broke with a consensus
and they're rejecting uh what is called
gender affirming care for minors in
other words doing surgery to change
their physical bodies to match their
preferred uh
identity now I've you know I've large
stayed down at this topic because it's
getting enough attention and I just
don't have anything special to add I
mean the only thing I have to add is
don't do stuff to
kids if you have more to talk about I'm
probably not
interested don't do permanent changes to
children and I'm done if you have
something to say about that blah blah
blah blah I'm not
listening and if you don't like it blah
blah blah I don't care
adults do what you want to do you know
follow your bliss children they can't
make
decisions you kind of got to wait now I
will
acknowledge that there must be people
who transitioned as children and are
really really happy about it that must
exist
and they would be
disadvantaged but I think that seems
like a reason reasonable tradeoff for
the people who would be transitioned and
maybe would have thought differently of
it if they had been adults when they
made the
decision anyway so adults do what you
want um there's a story
about Ukraine turned a hydrogen powered
car into a bomb that was really powerful
so it's not a hydrogen bomb so to speak
it's not like a you know nuclear
hydrogen sort of bomb but uh I know
hydrogen is not a nuclear bomb I get it
but uh it was just a
Toyota so they took a toyot Toyota and
they rigged it to blow up some major
Russian facility and it looks like they
they may have driven it by remote
control so what happens when you have
self-driving
cars and you can put enough explosives
in the self-driving car that you can
blow up anything in
any metropolitan area anytime you want
because if you put explosives in a
something the size of a vehicle it's
better if it's a truck you know SUV or
something but if you have that much
explosives and it's a self-driving car
and you could
just tell it to drive up to the ministry
of defense and and just blow
up that's a pretty big risk that's a
pretty big risk I mean I don't know if
it's a bigger risk than a person driving
it but it's got to be easier to it's got
to be easier to do a remote control
attack than to find somebody who's
willing to sit in the car when it blows
up even though there are plenty of those
people it's got to be easier to do it
without them save them for something
else all right ladies and gentlemen
those are my comments for today thanks
for joining I'm going to say bye to
YouTube and Rumble and uh X and I'm
going to talk to my beloved subscribers
on locals and I'll see the rest of you
tomorrow make sure you buy my book God's
bre the complete works it's the ultimate
summer reading and by the way I got more
comment I'm going to tell you about
soon bye for
now all right locals I'm coming at
you
be
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for