bow-bow bow-bow bumbum hey everybody
come on in
happy Sunday yes Chris I believe that
was you who reminded me it was time for
me to do coffee with Scott Adams and so
here I am I wasn't watching the clock
well good morning mark hello Joe Alan
Brad come on in grab your cup your mug
your glass your Stein your chalice your
tankard yours that are miss your flasks
filling with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that I like to
call the simultaneous end if you missed
it there might be more later so
something very funny happened in my life
yesterday my Twitter life not my real
life yeah my artificial life on Twitter
so in response to I guess it was Anna
Navarro who well there are so many
stories about this one tweet let me just
focus on one thing so I made a
provocative claim in a tweet in which I
said that 85% of CNN's political
coverage remember the words political
coverage well as hoaxes and fakes new
fake news so I'm gonna say that again
because my exact words are gonna matter
to the story I tweeted that 85% of CNN's
political coverage was hoaxes and fakes
in the fake news now how do you think
that was greeted by the many thousands
of people who read that tweet and don't
think the CNN has fake news
well I can't tell you how many people
how many people tweeted back at me
sarcastically and let me let me ask my
friend Dale to come tell you what people
said about my estimate that 85% of the
political coverage was fake news and
hoaxes they said something like this oh
you're just making up statistics show me
your sources can you point me to a
source that says that 85 percent of
CNN's news a snake and you can use got
me point me to a source scene now do you
see what I did there did you notice that
what Dale said can you point me to a
Sawyer source that says 85 percent of
CNN's news is fake that's not what I
said
what I said was 85 percent of their
political coverage was fake so a few fun
things happened for some reason a large
number of Democrats were cognitively
blind to the words political coverage
and they would say to me can you show me
a source that says 85 percent of CNN's
news is fake to which I said cheekily
because I thought it would be funny I
didn't say that why did I say I didn't
say it because I didn't now I did say 85
percent of the political coverage was
fake news and hoaxes so then people
started yelling me online because it's
so obvious that I did say that and they
would tweet my tweet that said 85
percent of their political coverage as
hoaxes and fakes they would show their
own question that changed political
coverage to CNN's news and they would
say I'm gonna save this tweet I took a
screenshot you liar
you can see it right here how wrong
you are and I would recommend to them
because it was funnier than explaining
what they were doing wrong I would ask
them in my tweets to find somebody who
could read to explain the difference in
those sentences to them and they would
just get angrier my god can't you see
you liar you liar
these two sentences are exactly the same
this one that says these words and this
woman has different words are exactly
the same they actually couldn't tell two
simple sentences that were different
they couldn't tell now I believe that
these are people who were educated
sufficiently educated that if you gave
them a test on a quiz or something
they'd be able to tell that those
sentences are different and they mean
different things but in the political
context they were cognitively blind to
the sentence yeah literally they were
looking at it and they couldn't see some
of the words I you know their perception
was just erasing those words so that was
the first thing that was fun and I of
course enjoyed letting them twist and
yell at me because they were doing it in
public
and they were they were doing it at such
a crazy way so eventually some Trump
supporters who could read came in and
set them straight which just happened a
few minutes ago so that's funny but the
other funny thing is the number of
people who asked me for my source I said
to tweet this is 85% of see events
political coverage as hoaxes and fake
news and you have to see my you have to
see my Twitter feed just to see how many
people came and said oh yeah I'm not
sure that number is real I'm not sure
you have a source for that so the first
funny part is the confirmation that
people can't tell the difference between
real news and fake news obviously I made
that number up I don't know how more
obvious it could be that I just made the
number up and the number of people who
challenged me
to support that number it just makes
your head spin but what is wrong with
these people how is that not obvious
that I just made it up but it gets
better so instead of just saying okay I
just made it up we're instead of you
know playing it in I don't know anyone
of different ways I could play it I
decided to give them my source so so
reply to all the people who are asking
for my source I pasted in I said well
this could get you started or words to
that effect this week' you started and I
pasted in a link to my own blog post
about the fine people hoax
now you I know you're all smart enough
to know they're linking to my own blog
post about just one hoax is really not
an answer to show me your source for the
85% of fake news there's not really
responsive but it puts the critic in the
awkward position of either reading this
lengthy blog post I wrote which is
pretty long and learning that their
entire worldview has been wrong because
if you just read that one one thing
you're gonna have some questions about
sia them so even though it wasn't the
answer to the question I found it
hilarious and what it did was it opened
up this little portal where probably for
the first time people people who were
you know CNN Watchers we're seeing
reality for the first time and people
got really quiet when I sent it to him
now a lot of wouldn't read it they'd say
that's your own blog post that's not a
source and then I would say but the blog
post points to the sources for the blog
post and it's those sources you can go
check yourself so I ended up red pilling
all these critics who came in to mock me
for not having a source which of course
I don't have but it but it caused them
to be exposed to some thoughts that
should have probably dismantled their
worldview if they read it
now many of you have read that blog post
you know that I it I talked about that
what I call the hoax funnel where they
start with the the big claim and then
when you debunk yet they just go to
smaller and smaller claims until they
get to the bottom of the funnel and
they're just asking questions like well
but have you explained this then and how
can you explain this and of course those
questions have easy answers but on
Twitter somebody gave me an assist to
put a really good ending on the funnel
because when people get all the way down
the funnel I'm noticing that they're
starting to do what al sharpton did
which is to say there are no good people
who could be in favor of keeping the
Confederate statues except that a
Reuters poll showed that 44% of African
Americans would like to keep the statues
I'll just let I'm just gonna let that
sit there for a while so after I've
taken people down the hoax model the
very last fact which I added as an
update is is a screenshot showing that
44 percent of African Americans are okay
with keeping the Confederate statues and
by the way I I don't know if that 44
percent number is accurate but I'm sure
it's more than 20 percent you know
probably I can't believe it would be so
inaccurate that at least 20 percent
don't have that opinion and so it puts
the critic in the position of saying
that the African American community
44 percent of them are not fine people
which is racist which I am enjoying
pointing out so they double 44 percent
to 80 percent I don't know what that
means but
the point is that I had the great great
fun revealing a little bit of truth to
some people who apparently haven't seen
what truth looks like now I also for
some of those people I responded that my
statistic for the 85% of their coverage
was was based on I said just Google
Russia collusion add that to the 25th
amendment hoax which CNN had been
selling us for months for a while and
then and then I showed my blog post
about to find people hoax which also at
the toward the end it includes a whole
bunch of other hoaxes so there's a lot
of hoaxes but then I then I I wondered
has anybody created the CNN fact check
because there's a fact check for the
president but is there a fact check for
CNN has anybody done that because I
would be quite curious if somebody could
compile the list of CNN lies because
wouldn't it be handy that every time
somebody says the president lied that we
could just send them a screenshot of a
huge list of all the things that CNN
said about the president which we now
know to be lies it would be very
interesting we should just and and I'm
not saying there would be 10,000 of them
but maybe but what you could do is maybe
put here here's how the list would be
funny the list of the CNN Fate news that
turned out not to be right and next to
it a Google search that included plus CN
n so CNN had to be in the story and then
plus whatever the term was so whatever
the search term was that most represents
that piece of news such as Muller report
or whatever and then how many hits it
gets they were from CNN because pretty
much all of those were fake so that
would be interesting of course would not
be scientific it would not be directly
comparable to anything the president
says but it was certainly close the
conversation
alright yang's am always bribing people
with their own money to vote for him
that's the funny spin I I think what
that refers to is Andrew yang running
for president who's talking about giving
people a universal basic income now that
now the universal basic income means you
know somebody who's paying for it so so
he you might be the first candidate who
figured out that he can bribe the public
with the public's own money now it's
coming from different people because the
rich would be paying for that for the
universal basic income of the poor but
why is he the first person to think of
that I suppose other people have said
let's raise your taxes so can you know
and distribute the income so I guess
they've all said that so I revise my
statement he's not the first person to
do that just the first person to do it
that way
alright let's talk about something else
so I saw a tweet today from Claire lemon
she's a founding editor of kwillet7
and she tweeted this morning about
trends transgender athletes
she said the issue is simple in sport
the women's category is a protected
division men's sport is basically an
open division no one's saying that
anyone should be excluded from the open
category just they're women and girls
deserve to have a category that they can
win in so this is her closing argument
is it's just that women and girls
deserve this is the key word they
deserve to have a category that they can
win in to which I replied in my tweet
nobody deserves anything if your
argument is this somebody deserves
something that's not a reason nobody
deserves anything you've abandoned all
all reason if you're relying on somebody
deserving something
now of course my critic said well are
you saying that you don't deserve to get
paid for making dillert to which I say
no I don't deserve it it's just that the
capitalist system allows me to get paid
for it that's it I don't deserve a
single penny I get I work within a
system that presents me money and if it
did not present me money for doing my
work I wouldn't work
now I earned it meaning that within the
capitalist system I I created a product
and I sold it but I didn't deserve it
nobody deserves anything if you're
trying to win an argument by putting in
the word deserve that's like putting in
the word with Fair which also can't be
can't really be defined because
everybody has a different subjective
impression of what would be fair in any
given situation so then other people
were arguing with me they'd say yes but
if you let the women you know if the
women don't compete both of that now
what was the argument some other
argument that it would ruin sports or
something or no somebody else said that
the that the purpose of sports is to
determine who is the best right that was
another argument I heard today on
Twitter that the purpose of sports is to
figure out what's the best and if you
add the transgenders and with with the
women's leagues you would not have
achieved your purpose of finding out
who's the best at the sport to which I
say that's not the purpose of sports
sports don't have a purpose I mean not
that purpose who in the world thinks
that the purpose of sports is to find
out it was the best do I need the young
I mean there are lots of reasons that
people play sports and those reasons are
probably there's some biological there's
probably something built into us about
competition about symbolic battle you
know about status there's probably all
this biological stuff built into us I
would say that if you were a scientist
the better way to say what is the
purpose of sports it's probably that we
can't help it I don't think as a purpose
I don't think we can help it I think if
you if you erased human beings memory of
sports so there's suddenly none of us
ever knew what a sport even was we would
just invent it again because we would we
would have symbolic battles that would
eventually evolve to have rules and we
wouldn't want to hurt each other because
we're the same you know same tribe or
whatever and eventually it would just
turn into sports again because we're
biologically somehow we seem to be very
highly designed to want to compete to
want to figure out who has the best you
know DNA and that sort of thing but I
certainly would not say there's any holy
like moral benefit to sports now it is
unambiguously clear that if you take a
hundred people and you put them in
sports I guarantee you that five or ten
is a hundred people are gonna have a
really good experience which might last
them and help them for the rest of their
life five or ten and at the hundred the
other ninety five ninety to ninety to
ninety five people lost so their
experience of sports were reinforcing
that they're baddest stuff this seems
important to other people so I think
that sitting on the bench which might
have been half of those hundred people I
think they learned that they were forced
to do something that they didn't want to
do and didn't happen
Justin didn't have aptitude just to
humiliate them so that other people
could have a better life so let me put
it this way if you take a hundred people
and you put them in sports the purpose
of 95 of those people is to help the
other people have a better life to help
the 5 proceed 5% of the people who were
born through no effort on their own part
tall fast good reactions good athletes
they had good genes and they were lucky
enough to be you know maybe a family
situation where they had some support
and the other 95 people who didn't have
that good luck get to participate in
honoring the people who are lucky at
their expense
Sports is well I don't want to use an
analogy but sports is a deeply horrible
thing for everybody but the few people
who are the this is the heroes and the
winners other people get get disabled
for life people get terrible injuries
they yeah they they have lots of
problems but I'm not gonna argue that it
isn't fun it's it's totally fun and
exercise is good but sports are you know
not always the the most effective way to
exercise anyway so that's my point
sports as I said before sports in its
regular forum is a giant pile a pile of
manure adding a little extra manure to a
giant pile of manure doesn't make it not
manure it's just more manure so the
transgender issue I argue if you're
arguing about fairness or who deserves
anything or or the purposes for winning
none of those are real we just make up a
bunch of rules because we're
biologically apparently we have some
kind of imperative that's just built
into us that we want to do that sort of
thing and that people enjoy it and it it
allows people to rise up on the backs of
all the people who were not good
sports all right so I would say if you
were going to summarize that the purpose
of sports is losing and in giving up
things to other people who were lucky
it's about transferring it's about
transferring resources honor and social
status to people who are already lucky
because they were born to be good in
sports it's the worst thing in the world
all right it's not the worst thing in
the world I might have exaggerated let's
talk about something else let's talk
about nuclear energy I believe that the
zeitgeist has decided that nuclear
energy is going to be a much bigger part
of our conversation now some of it I
think is just in in the air and has
something to do with climate change
being a topic etc now of course there's
a March nighter who's been doing an
amazing job promoting clean safe nuclear
energy generation four in particular
there's Mike Sheldon Berger who is doing
a great job writing articles and
promoting he's more about generation
three but still very safe but mark and I
were playing with some analogies this
morning some some ways to describe why
it is that Chernobyl is in people's
minds as what nuclear power is and how
do you get him off that and so we were
playing with a few ideas and I thought
I'd just throw them out for a little a
be testing alive I think I think Mark is
still on the on this periscope so you
can mark you can you can watch this in
real-time so the the framing that we
were we were going for is that first
pointing out that Chernobyl was designed
before computers now when you hear that
and you say if somebody says hey nuclear
power is dangerous what about Chernobyl
if the first thing you say is Chernobyl
was designed before computers it's
sixties technology
all right if you go beyond that you're
probably you're going further they need
to because nobody in the world is gonna
hear that something was designed before
computers in the 60s and they're not
gonna say okay that's that's my model
for understanding you know 2019 people
will pretty much abandon that being a
good comparison as soon as you say
that's before computers before computers
but then the second part of that was let
me let me trot this out so Chernobyl I
think would be a generation one I guess
would be what you would call it so you
know there are early versions but if
you're trying to say what does
generation 3 and also generation four
which is starting to come online
what are those look like in terms of
safety and the the image that we're
playing with and I want to test this out
is that generation three would be like
an egg surrounded by a hundred miles
thick bubble wrap so that's how to think
of generation three yes there's an egg
but it's covered by a hundred miles of
bubble wrap generation four is like that
except you replace the egg with a steel
ball bearings so even if all the bubble
wrap fell off a hundred miles of bubble
wrap yeah just ball bearing would fall
on the ground
nothing would break so that's that's
just a mental image just testing that
out if you have any you have any
feedback on that let me know because
remember the public isn't isn't in a
position to understand the technology so
as soon as you say well you know one of
them uses this kind of acting blah blah
blah cooling all the blah nobody can
even hear that it just means nothing but
if you if you give them these three
points to think on Chernobyl was before
computers the sixties of course I had
problems generation three egg with a
hundred miles of of bubble wrap in
generation four is still 100 miles of
bubble wrap but instead of an egg it's a
ball bearing even if all the bubble wrap
disappeared tomorrow pink the ball
bearing would just fall on the ground
nothing breaks all right
well so we'll try rest think about that
for a little while see if that means
anything somebody says you mean to say
before computers were applied to the
design of nuclear reactors yes that is
exactly what I mean yes I know that
technically computers were designed
yeah designs yeah yeah and the AK I know
I know I know
computers were designed to before the
60s but they were not in use the way
that we understand it now if you're just
trying to explain it to a citizen saying
that the sixties is before computers is
close enough but your your your
technical correction is absolutely
accurate
there were technically computers long
before that Chernobyl was designed by
vodka-soaked Soviets I was I was trying
to work out an analogy to say that the
Chernobyl was like three drunks juggling
hand grenades but then I thought oh
that's I don't know yeah that still
sounds dangerous so you don't want
people to think in terms of accidents
you don't want them to think in terms of
danger so that's why the bubble wrap and
egg imagery works a little better
because those are such safe comfortable
things bubble wrap egg all right the
other topic I wanted to talk about was
does anybody know who invented the
phrase trump derangement syndrome does
anybody know who came up with that I was
wondering who is the inventor that my
understanding is that it's based on prom
based on there was a bush derangement
syndrome before that and there might
have been other derangement syndromes
but I'm wondering because I remember
coming up with Trump hysteria so I think
I used hysteria first yeah you know a
lot of people probably get a credit
credit that to me and I was an early
adopter but I think I was using a yeah
there was Bush derangement syndrome
before and then somebody made the
connection and put Trump in there but I
don't know who said it first somebody
saying Crowell Heimburger yeah anyway if
anybody can figure out who said that
first that rush limbaugh stefan molyneux
all right well we don't know it'd be
interesting to know who came up with
that somebody says Adam Curie dr. Phil I
I think people are probably crediting me
for it unfairly now I do think it might
have been more than one person because
since we already there was already you
know in the universe there had been Bush
derangement syndrome it seems likely
seems likely that more than one person
came up with it independently but maybe
we only heard from one of them first so
it may not be a clean situation where
there was just one author of that well I
don't I personally do not claim I don't
claim that I created it I think I was
using hysteria instead of derangement
first but I'm not positive all right so
while we're talking about this stuff 430
rockets were fired from Gaza Israel
there have been a several deaths number
of injuries and Israel has struck back
targets in Gaza and they usually say
that they're attacking you know Hamas
weapons depots and you know military
assets
stuff but you know who knows how
accurate that is but they also
apparently they attacked a training
compound in command center located
inside a mosque so Israel took out a
mosque now if you look for the news
about this it's it's sort of this little
sidebar it's not even on the like main
news page there's like this you know
there's the news and then a little
sidebar there's like and you know a calf
lob well and a woman thinks that she is
you know Jesus and Israel's attacking
Hamas you know it's all it's all the the
lesser news of the little sidebar and I
thought to myself have we ever have we
ever been in a situation where people
cared less about Gaza and the
Palestinians and Hamas and that whole
situation over there it feels to me like
Israel is just pounding some people that
nobody supports anymore except Iran and
most of the Middle East is is against
Iran so yeah every time we talk about
peace in the Middle East even if you
imagine it's not possible which is a you
know always a good bet hypothesis I
don't know that the problem looks the
way I used to look because now it just
seems like Israel just mows the lawn
this military term it's like it's not
like a problem this is threatening that
Israel won't be there tomorrow they just
have to occasionally go and both along
so it's probably a reasonably it's
probably a reasonably good indication
that maybe a Middle East peace deal is
possible the the minimum requirement for
Middle East peace is that
rain becomes less AAA and nation that
the others can work with let's put it
that way I don't know how that happens
but it would be nice to give them a
chance to do that alright
[Music]
Sharia somebody says Sharia law is
practiced in America why is this not
concerning to all probably the reason
that lots of things are not concerning
because it's small there can't be too
much Sharia law happening in this this
country now I've got it I want to run by
you a provocative thought about
immigration you hear people saying hey
open up the borders let everybody come
in and then you hear other people say
close up those borders and only let
people in who who have some kind of
merit those are the two main positions
but I was wondering about this let's
take aa Tomales so Guatemalans are
streaming north because of economic
conditions we have the most booming
economy of all time well depends where
you who you compare to but our economy
is booming we probably need more workers
ideally we'd like the most qualified one
but there's so many jobs that are
farming and manual labor we probably
just need a lot of lot of workers
everybody everybody agrees with that
it's a question of how many we need at
the same time
Guatemala's economic problems how much
would they change if the number of
able-bodied workers was reduced by half
in other words if the Guatemalans
streamed into the United States as such
a rate that anyone who remained in
Guatemala had a good chance of getting a
job doesn't it solve two problems
now keep in mind you before you get
triggered by this question keep in mind
I'm in favor of strong borders and
merit-based and I am not in favor of
unlimited people just screaming across
the border even though our economy can
can employ a lot of them I'm not in
favor of it I'm just asking the question
is it a self solving problem in other
words there would certainly be cost
there would be crime coming to the
country or all of the bad parts that we
know of we know of right but wouldn't it
also be a problem that solves itself in
other words if you just didn't do
anything a number of people would move
from Guatemala to the United States it
would cause a certain burden and expense
etc but we would also employ them and
over time they would become integrated
into the you know the productive world
and and be additive maybe not day one
but eventually immigration becomes
additive if you reduce the number of
able workers in an economy in Guatemala
that didn't have enough jobs doesn't the
wage for the people who remain start to
get better don't the people who remain
all have jobs and they don't have to
take care of their relative anymore
because the relative when to the United
States so the question is is the any but
I don't know if anybody's making this
argument but it feels like you can
almost ignore the problem I'm not
suggesting that this is just an
intellectual and intellectual experiment
if you ignored the problem you would
absolutely be doing something that would
hurt some members of the United States
crime losing jobs competing for jobs you
know all the usual things you know about
so I'm not suggesting it because the
United States does get an option of
doing what's good for the United States
even if it's not so good for some other
country that would like to come here and
I'm totally in favor of being selfish
you know up to some point and that's a
good point but I'm just asking the
question
if we ignored it which I don't recommend
for all the reasons I just said wouldn't
it solve itself just basic economics of
supply and demand I don't know the
answer to that question but it feels
like you would over time anyway don't be
too afraid of that question you don't
have to worry about anybody taking that
seriously all right I think I've talked
about the main things I want to talk
about have you noticed that the the news
oh yeah so the news is pretty much all
word news about hey somebody used a word
or a sentence in a way we don't like and
then they take that out of context and
they change it until something but they
can make news and if the latest one is
this this William bar stuff and I hadn't
really looked at the details but Andrew
McCarthy did this great article in
National Review that I think I may have
tweeted it or I just read it I can't
remember but he talks about the fact
that everybody's that the anti-trump
errs are saying bar lied because when he
was asked if Muller's if he knew what
Muller's team wanted he said no but then
it's also a fact that he he had talked
to bar and he knew what borrow on it and
so when he answered he was answering
about the team and he didn't know what
Muller's team wanted but he did he did
know what Muller himself wanted who he's
known for thirty years
and talked to all the time so it seems
that bar correctly answers the question
with no conflict whatsoever and it is
being reported of course as that he lied
to Congress and needs to go to jail they
actually actually what bill bar did go
to jail over fake news literally they
just you know they just interpreted to
his clear sentence to mean something
else and decided he should go to jail
because CNN can't read that's actually
happening like there's actually a
conversation in the country as to
whether the Attorney General should go
to jail because CNN can't read
I mean I all think I'm oversimplifying
that I'm alright I don't know really a
comment here about hunter Biden which is
so horrible that I'm not gonna repeat it
but I might have laughed about it it's
pretty horrible one you know one of the
things that one of the things that the
world doesn't understand or maybe we
pretend we don't understand that when
we're talking in public but everybody
understands it personally
there are things that I laugh at in my
private conversations let's say if
Christine and I are just hanging around
and and nobody else is listening or it's
just you know me and one friend
yeah in a private private conversation I
will laugh at things because they're
terrible it's because they're so
over-the-top crazy terrible no and I
don't mean death you know I'm not
talking about like actual death or
something like that but just concepts
that you couldn't say in public things
that would be too terrible to say out
loud things that would be so wrong
headed so so mean so uncaring so lack of
lacking of empathy that you would never
say these things in public but in
private they're really funny as long as
those nobody's getting hurt you know
there are things that you would say to
one person that you know is fine with it
that would be so horrible you would
never want somebody to hear it who could
be hurt by the idea they might feel
insulted but let's let's not pretend
that it's not funny in private I think
you can laugh at things that are
horrible in private and still be a good
person you know what you do in in the
outer world how you treat other people
that's just a different conversation
I like to treat other people as well as
I can I mean I try really hard to treat
people well unless they unless they're
trolls who are coming after me of course
and then his game up yeah
example is that he came he saw he died
that's a good example yeah so that's
Hillary Clinton talking about the Libyan
Muammar Qaddafi so she joked about him
in public he came he saw he died now
that's the sort of thing depending who
you're talking to that might have been
hilarious privately but when you say
that in public man that's bad that is so
bad I would argue that maybe even not
maybe but definitely president Trump's
quip about McCain I prefer people who
didn't get caught I'm sorry that's
hilarious in private in private that is
actually a good joke in fact it's the
same joke that Chris Rock used in his
stage performance he used exactly the
same joke about John McCain so we know
it's a joke and we know it's funny
because Chris Rock knows what's funny
but the fact that Trump said it in
public first of all it it makes me like
Trump more not less because it was
provocative it was funny it was pretty
clever
it changed the frame but it didn't work
you know I think you'd have to agree
that even though I thought it was funny
the Trump said it in public it was a
mistake you know I'm not the guy who's
gonna say that every single thing Trump
does works or that he should have done
it that was a pretty clear example of a
joke that didn't land and can didn't get
him the result he wanted it was just a
mistake but in private pretty darn funny
publicly inappropriate
alright I've got nothing else to say
nothing oh I do have one other thing to
say I've been saving this but I think
I'm ready to talk about as we're
watching the Russia collusion
investigations with an S that never end
we've developed two views of the world
two movies and I wonder if they're both
wrong one version of the movie is that
there were these fine people in law
enforcement who were just doing their
job they were just doing their job and
they they of course they were looking
into rush inclusion because there were
enough Russian contacts that it was a
perfectly reasonable thing to do now
within this movie you'd have to explain
what did struck mean when he was texting
lisa page and when they were talking
about the insurance policy well the
obvious way to explain what that meant
is that all of these people were just
doing their job they had reason to
suspect there might be some Russian
problem collision wise and the insurance
policy would mean what I told you way
before we knew even what Lisa Paige said
about it I told you it probably means in
context that they were actually worried
there was rush inclusion and the
insurance policy was that if Trump gets
elected which they thought was very
unlikely and if there's some Russian
collusion which they also thought was
unlikely because remember struck said
there's no there there they thought he
wouldn't find anything but if you put
those two facts that they thought Trump
wouldn't win but they thought that there
might be some Russian collusion there if
he did win the insurance policy was to
make sure they had an investigation they
could spot that early so that's one
movie so one movie everybody was just
doing their job they had real things to
worry about there were real Russia
connections they were in
aged in Trump derangement syndrome
meaning that they did hate him they did
which he hadn't become president and
they certainly were not biased in his
favor but they're just doing their job
now within that movie yet we'll get to
to Massoud and the other movie is that
it was all a big plot everybody was in
on it they were trying to overthrow the
government and they got caught and then
they're all gonna they're all gonna go
to jail once the IgE and Bill Barr get
done with them
now I'm gonna suggest that there's
something maybe a hybrid of those two
that the world is not ready to see so in
other words it could be that the reason
that the good people in the FBI yeah
according to this movie I'm not calling
I'm not calling them good or bad so this
is not my personal judgment I'm just
describing the movie so the movie people
like Stockton page and McCabe were doing
the job but could it be that there was
the Clinton campaign working with at
least one person or maybe a few to
insert this steel dossier into the
system because people were smart enough
to know it would cause a chain reaction
which would cause the people who were
not in on the conspiracy to have to work
on it so there's a it's entirely
possible that there were there was you
know one or two or maybe some small
number of people who actually were
conspirators who were trying to get this
steel Doce into the system which would
open them up to and to look into all
things Trump just hoping they'd find
something whether it was Russian whether
it was something else they'd find
something I think that's the most
probable explanation I expect that there
were a few people trying to do some
weaselly things but that those people
may have been driven almost as much by
Trump during
and syndrome as by the fact that they
supported Hillary or to put it in
another way there may have been people
who were supporting Hillary who didn't
really care about Hillary some of them
thought they probably would get jobs or
would do better issue is elected but
I'll bet there are some people who
weren't so much Pro Hillary as they were
my god we've got to stop this monster
because I watched CNN if I watch CNN I'm
gonna think that Trump is a monster and
that I as a good patriot should find a
way to stop it I suspect it's gonna come
out that way I suspect that you might
find some bad behavior at the top and
the people who were directly involved
with the steel dossier may they've got
some things to answer but I don't know
that they had meetings in other words I
would be very surprised I would be very
surprised if rod Rosenstein is ever
accused by the IG or any legal process
for being in on a coup attempt so let me
draw the line there I don't believe rod
Rosenstein will ever be credibly accused
of being in on some kind of a plot I
think it's unlikely the struck and page
will be it will be credibly found after
we know everything that can we can know
that they were actually part of a plot I
think they didn't like the president I
think they were biased against them that
was a big problem but everybody in the
country was biased one way or the other
there was nobody working from the FBI
who didn't have an extreme bias one way
or the other so you couldn't really hire
somebody within a biased but when you
get up to yeah when you get to Bruce and
Nellie or then I start to have some
questions but they could also be
explained by just earning money
Nellie or had a job it could be nothing
more than she was just doing her job in
the way that she thought would makes the
most
maker maker bosses the happiest it could
be nothing else but you start to ask
questions at about that level then when
you get to clapper and Brendan well then
things start looking a little different
it's not as obvious to me that bread in
and clapper didn't know the full story
the whole time it's not obvious to me
that Brandon and clapper really believe
Trump is there is the you know the thing
that will destroy the world or if they
just referred Hillary Clinton because it
was good for them so that that's that's
where that's where you know things could
be different so for those of you who
believe that it was a conspiracy all the
way from Brennan clapper through Comey
Rosenstein you know mccabe struck page
for those of you nelly or Bruce or for
those of you who think all of that was
an organized plot ask yourself if you
think they actually were colluding with
each other in other words were they
actually meeting and talking about what
to do well some of them yes said you
know it seems clear that some of them
were talking but were they all or
whether did they all just know what to
do Comey asked an interesting question
he said if Comey said and remember the
hoax funnel you started at the top with
a statement of the fact and then was
debunked you end up at the bottom of the
hoax funneled by just asking questions
that have easy answers
this is Comey Comey said if we were out
to you no harm
Trump why wouldn't I have leaked or
somebody have leaked that we were
investigating this Russia stuff before
the election because apparently they
were when they did talk about Hillary
Clinton's investigation which some say
hurt her I doubt it but some say hurt
her in the election and they also had
station about Trump but they didn't
mention that one and they didn't leak it
so Comus Comey says how can you say that
we were around to get Trump when we we
could have so easily damaged him is
there only one reason it was there only
one way they answer that question is the
only answer that they weren't trying to
get Trump is that the only way you can
explain that they didn't leak that no
it's not the way the best explanation
for why they didn't leak it is that they
didn't think he can elected and then it
wouldn't matter
remember nobody thought he would get
elected they didn't need to leak it
because they were gonna get the same
outcome whether they leaked it or not
and why would you take on the extra risk
of a leak you wouldn't need the extra
risk of a leak now somebody says as an
insurance policy for Strock and Paige
just doing their job as it was assigned
to them would be the insurance policy so
they weren't breaking any laws in just
doing their job if comeon company had
leaked they would be breaking the law
and they would break the law to change
nothing because in their mind
Trump was still probably not gonna win
and then of course the Hillary situation
was something we already knew about so
he was just updating something we knew
because it was already out there so he
can't really compare those two
situations the Hillary was already out
there Trump thing was not known by
anybody leaking that would have been a
pretty big crime and certainly would
have affected the election somebody says
what do I think was Obama's involvement
well I would be super surprised if Obama
was in on some kind of a plot on a
detailed level because I tend not to
believe that about the the top person in
general
but was Obama involved in decisions
which if we knew exactly what they were
and what he knew we would be distressed
by that probably yes did he know that
there was such a thing as the steel
dossier and that it was full lies and
that it was being inserted did he know
that the FISA system was being gamed a
little bit you know did you know one of
those things mm probably not probably
not the slaughter meter is at a hundred
percent maybe higher
somebody just asked me in the comments
the slaughter meter being if nothing
changed and of course things do change
but if nothing changed between now and
Election Day
Trump would wind running away now Joe
Biden is is his lead in the polls
against his rivals and Democrat Party he
is growing
he was that like 38% or something he's
like completely dominating one of the
chance that the Biden can beat Trump I
think is zero I would say that Biden
would be the least likely to be Trump of
maybe of all 16 competitors so the
problem is that he doesn't bring with
him a natural a natural group that he
can lock in so that the beauty of
something like Cory Booker Kamala Harris
or even Buddha judge is that they can
lock in a voting group and guess
something like 95 percent of them you
know Buddha judge would get 95% of gays
don't you think you just lock him in but
he might not get the black vote
Kamala would get the woman vote pretty
much dominant woman vote and probably
the black vote so it seems to me that
she could just show up and she would be
as competitive as Hillary was which was
nearly enough whereas Biden
I don't think the black vote is gonna
come out for Biden do you I don't think
the gay vote necessarily comes out for
Biden you know maybe if they is the only
other choice is something they don't
like but and Biden is the human gaff
machine and he does seem sort of sleepy
compared to trump yo in the matchup is
just terrible if you're gonna match up
with trunk here's sort of matchup math
if you want to match up with Trump
you don't put against him a weak version
of Trump Biden is just what you end up
with if you take away all of trumps best
assets Biden is not as funny doesn't
have the energy he did Biden doesn't
have four years experience of being
president so interestingly Trump is more
experienced at being president and will
be you know twice as experienced by
Election Day so Biden is you and Biden
makes the same mistakes that are
attributed to Trump
so Biden will say things that sound
sketchy and racist he touches people in
a way they shouldn't touch which
completely takes the takes the grab him
by the whatever your thing away Biden is
just the worst matchup and I think
Democrats are gonna figure it out now of
course it's it's never good to make a
prediction that assumes Democrats figure
things out but I think maybe the pundits
will help them you know maybe it will
become obvious I I think the the race I
would most enjoy is Biden versus Trump
because it would be fun I mean that
would be just plain fun watching that
happen
whereas if he took somebody like Cory
Booker or like Kamala kamas
I think the stronger choice that's the
problem because she's not a weak version
of Trump she's just a whole different
product and
you've gotten real decisions Hey so
she's locking she would lock in the
black vote the woman vote just
automatically just by showing up and
then all she has to do is not make a
mistake and she's already in Hillary
Clinton territory I think I think Biden
the odds of Biden self-destructing are
probably 75 percent and then another 25
percent that it won't be
self-destruction it will be Trump
destroying so anyway that's where we are
now the slaughter meter is that over a
hundred percent because there's nobody
who could beat Trump who's in the it was
in the race not with this economy not
with anything that's going on now I do
think I guess say this as clearly as
possible if on Election Day Trump
doesn't have something that looks like a
at least a serious proposal for health
care whether you like it or don't like
it that's a lesser question but if he
doesn't have one he doesn't deserve to
get reelected I shouldn't use the word
deserve if he doesn't have a health care
plan even I wouldn't be able to support
him and I'm you know I've been
supporting this president for a long
time but if he shows up without a health
care plan that's an that's a you didn't
show up for class now I think you will I
think there will be something you know
that looks like at least the framework
of yeah I shouldn't use the word dessert
but it but at least be a framework then
you could say yes or no to if we don't
have that then I would say he's not
running for president he's he's on the
ballot but there's only one candidate so
I I'd probably be at least tempted to
support the candidate who had a real
plan for one of the biggest issues I
doubt I would change sides but you know
III don't think I could give a
full-throated support to Trump's
reelection unless there's something that
looks like a health care framework
that that use pushing alright that's
enough for now I'll talk to you all
later