hey everybody hello Aaron and Jack and
Sharona and Tyler and the rest of you
come on in here we got lots to talk
about and I think you know what time it
is you do now
you know it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams
join me now grab your stein your
beverage your your your cup your mug
your stein you're jealous
and have the simultaneous up right now
all right I got a bunch of stories let
me start with the some things I tweeted
there was a a student group college
students who have been working for years
to try to develop a inexpensive $20,000
house and they showed a picture of the
twenty thousand dollar house that they
say they can build and I applaud the
effort so I'm a big fan of the process
of trying to create a design having
having some particular things you're
trying to accomplish working on it over
time to improve it but I would say if
they had lion $20,000 home is a little
bit misleading
as many people have suggested the land
would cost much more than that the
process of getting something approved in
any locale would cost more than $20,000
and in my town it would cost you more
than $20,000 just to get a permit you
know not a permit specifically but all
of the approvals and everything else so
you should not believe any story about a
twenty thousand dollar house for poor
people and and I have a few criticisms
although I love the process the thought
I
of the you know the attitude of it what
is that the house itself is just
god-awful ugly and I just can't believe
that has to be the case I don't believe
that design necessarily has to cost more
so that's the first problem what it was
built from a it appears to be built not
from a living perspective but from a
what's it cost to build a perspective so
I would say on a scale of one to 10
where 10 is learning how to build a good
livable home for people who don't have
much money this $20,000 house is closer
to a 2 and the 10 meaning that we're not
even close to what we could get to but I
love the fact that they took you from
zero to two it's the right direction so
directionally it's good I will be
joining bill full day of the blight
Authority you've heard about that a lot
on Fox & Friends on Friday morning
unless the weather gets in the way I'll
be shipping a little bit to head to New
York and will will tell you some
suggestions for what to do with that
blight cleared land and the inner cities
and one of the one of the main things
that is important and other people have
pointed this out is that it doesn't
really work to take a nice house no
matter what it costs it doesn't really
work to take a nice house and just plop
it into a bad place and then fill it
with people who don't really have the
training to know how to manage their you
know their finances manage the home etc
so you have to approach it as sort of a
system problem you know you might have
to build a community that that allows
the people who are in it to come in and
experience their own little world within
the community and then maybe you have a
chance but there's a lot more you have
to do a lot more than just get the cost
of construction down so the purse is
that next there's the Pompeo Secretary
of State
has a article in The Wall Street Journal
in which he defends working with Saudi
Arabia and he outlines all the things
that we have that we have that we work
with Saudi Arabia to accomplish
everything from trying to figure out
what's going on with Yemen trying to
curb Iran trying to get something going
with an Israeli piece something about
oil prices etc etc etc and I thought it
was a good article that laid out the
case now as I watch people make
reasonable arguments about things I've
noticed that the what I'll call the I
hate to use this phrase but it just
works the liberal approach to arguing if
you haven't noticed is to use sarcasm
instead of reasons have you noticed this
to use sarcasm as if it's a reason and
it works like this I'll have to ask Dale
to come in so let's say I make a claim
that two plus two equals four and let's
say I do a tweet and I say two plus two
equals four now you know that whoever is
on the other side of the political
divide has to disagree with it but
sometimes there are things that are hard
to disagree with and so instead the
critic will come in and they'll say
something like this Oh
cartoon boy says two plus two equals
four Hey look everybody two plus two
equals four two plus two equals four can
you believe it okay look have you seen
this have you seen this guy check this
out this is just like all the mistakes
he's ever made in the past it's all put
into this one one new mistake two plus
that we kill for and seen so we're
seeing a lot of that with the with the
Saudi Arabia situation because it's one
of those deals where pretty much
everybody in that same situation would
act the same way in other words if they
really wanted to help the country they
would probably work with Saudi Arabia
given given all of the variables that
are in place but since we have to take
sides
you have people taking sides against
something that they would do you're
seeing the same thing with the the so
called the gassing of women and children
at the border
nobody is blind to the fact that this is
a normal procedure that apparently Obama
did many times on the border and the
reason they use the what is it the the
spice gas whatever it's we call the
reason you use it is that it's the least
bad thing you can do and of all the
alternatives so who is it who would pick
a peppers rheya
who is it who supports doing the most
dangerous thing well nobody right
everybody agrees if they were in the
same situation they would do whatever is
the safest thing to do it turns out that
lobbing a few pepper spray canisters
into the you know onto the other side
kind of is the safest thing you can do
so what do you how do you argue against
doing the safest thing you can do given
the situation well I'll tell you how oh
so now we just shoot projectiles at
children and and women so you've got a
regular like that because I don't know
how else you could argue now keep in
mind that anybody watching this will now
say cartoonists favors gassing women and
children no I know how to play this game
so let me say as clearly as possible no
children in cages and no guessing women
and children so I'm just going to do
what all of the children in the argument
say which is just forget about the big
picture and just talk about the little
picture so that's what I'm doing because
people seem to like that now the
hilarious story of the day
is that there's an african-american X
Facebook employee who is coming he was
going after Facebook for not having
enough black people on the staff and so
Facebook he says is a much used platform
by the african-american community but
the employees within Facebook are only
four percent black and he's saying that
you know there needs to be something
done about that now here's the
interesting thing people have suggested
that this would be the case that the
that that the liberal entities would
start eating themselves well I'm looking
at a Facebook and I'm looking at all the
tech companies who are you almost 100
percent not a hundred percent but
they're overwhelmingly left-leaning the
employees in Silicon Valley the
employees in Facebook etc and I think to
myself how is it that the widest or at
least the least diverse group of people
in the world have become the standard
bearers for diversity how is it yeah how
is it that it never made sense to us
that the you know the group of people
that is the least diverse are the
champions of diversity in other words
it's it's their biggest issue is racial
equality inclusivity you know gender
equality those are their biggest issues
but am I wrong to say they're the worst
offenders so are the biggest complainers
also the worst defenders
I usually don't do the you know the
hypocrisy things like oh you saw this
but you're doing this I always think the
hypocrisy claim is ridiculous
this is more like a puzzling situation
it's not I'm not I'm not calling them
hypocrites I'm just saying how do you
how do you reconcile it how do you
reconcile being
clearly and factually the worst
offenders at the same time you're the
biggest proponents and you're the most
aggressive proponents of not doing what
you're doing
it's an interesting situation alright
let's talk about Jack passive exceed
this morning in which he talked about
david Corsi sometimes called an
associate of Roger stone that's if you
don't like President Trump if you do
like President Trump he's called a New
York Times best seller Harvard Graduate
Oh Jerome Corsi right sorry
and so but anyway that the topic is dr.
Corsi and being interviewed by
apparently the the Muller team and there
was the report now let me let me clarify
that I have no way to know what did or
did not happen in a room that I wasn't
in so so there's nothing that I'm gonna
say they should validate the facts of
the story because I don't know the facts
but the facts that are reported are that
[Music]
I'll just read over the next few hours
as a linskey and Ray they must have been
the the interviewers on the Muller team
would use any number of techniques to
push me meaning dr. Corsi we pushed me
to remember a source finally szalinski
said quote dr. Corsi many people find
they have to put themselves back in time
to a particular date in place to
remember precisely what happened
zalinsky suggested that I should go back
to my trip to Italy putting myself
mentally back to July in August 2016 I
put my hand up to my forehead close my
eyes and tried to engage seriously in
the regression exercise I think I see
someone telling me about Assange I
finally said trying hard to imagine
myself in Italy
was it a man or a woman ray asked with
obvious enthusiasm that the prosecutors
may finally be breaking through a mental
block they presumed I had I think it was
a man I responded then I realized how
ridiculous this was as I was beginning
to invent people and make things up just
to answer their persistent questions but
it really struck me as preposterous that
a serious US Department of Justice
prosecutor like szalinski would ask me
to use this type of regression technique
used by hacks promising to unlock for
gullible clients past lives
embellishments to enrich otherwise
troubled present existences so so the
claim here or the the topic I guess is
whether or not a an investigator can
plant false memories in somebody they're
interviewing and the answer is yes yes
so unambiguously yes if these facts
happen the way they're reported and
that's the part I can't confirm or deny
I wasn't there yeah and keep in mind
that everybody involved and in the
Moller investigation is unreliable yeah
there are no reliable characters and any
of this and any of this drama so even
the people who mean to be right or
sometimes getting things wrong so
nothing's reliable but if it's true
that questions were asked in this nature
is this the type of approach which just
systems wise and process wise that could
implant a false memory and the answer is
yes
I also retweeted this morning a YouTube
video of a researcher who shows it being
done so if you don't believe that you
can implant a memory with this technique
watch the video and you can watch actual
people believe they remembered
committing crimes that they did not
believe
now and of the people that the
researcher tested what percentage of
them do you think had a false memory
that the researcher implanted would you
say ten percent would you say ten
percent of the people got a false memory
because it was sort of suggested to them
no it's higher it's higher than ten
percent would you say 25
no no it's 70 it's 70 percent 70 percent
of the people with minimal effort
generated a false memory of committing a
crime when they were younger now I don't
think that you know given this was one
one study I would not say the 70 percent
is necessarily something that you could
reproduce so I wouldn't put too much you
know faith in the 70 percent part but
what you should put faith in is that it
can easily be done whether that's thirty
percent or twenty five or seventy or 90%
is a little less important than the fact
that it is a real phenomenon so well let
me just put that out there that a lot of
what we think is reality
it is not now another topic I see a lot
of people are coming after me on Twitter
lately and they're noticing that for
example farmers are having a tough time
and GM is you know laying off people and
they say to me something like whole
Scott I couldn't wait to come over to
your Twitter feed and rub it in your
face because as you can see just like
everybody smart knows a a tariff or a
trade war never works for anybody it's
bad for the people who do it whoever
starts a trade war they always lose just
look at the facts look at the history
looking for data look at the studies if
you start a trade war and always turns
I have seen let me address that number
one what did these people think a trade
war was if not something that hurts both
sides so the fact that a trade war is
hurting your own side in in some ways in
the short term is not proof that it's a
bad idea it's simply a description of
what it is a trade war is both parties
hurting each other until somebody wins
or something changes right so you can't
claim credit for what everybody knew was
going to happen because that's exactly
what it was it's a trade war now the
question about whether you can never win
a trade war and therefore you should
never get into one doesn't that sort of
depend on what situation you're starting
with because for example if you had a
deal that was kind of close to even but
you started a trade war it would
probably be bad for everybody because
the best you could come up with is
probably something else that's close to
evil but if you start with trade that is
uneven you can take a lot of pain and
it's still worthwhile in the long run to
even it up so if you're telling me that
historically it's always better to back
down in negotiations I would say I would
really like to be in a negotiation with
you because the people who think the
best strategy for negotiating is to give
in because otherwise the other side will
do something bad to you
you might be the dumbest people in the
world I mean I don't know how you'd
measure who's the dumbest person in the
world but the general concept that if
you're in a negotiation your best
strategy is always to surrender because
that's what not having a trade war is is
simply accepting what the other side is
giving you in what world is surrendering
a hundred percent of the time better
than not surrendering
in a negotiation my experience is it's
kind of the opposite but let me give you
my best negotiating tip you're ever
gonna hear it's a slightly off point but
it's a good it's a good learning
experience so back when I was offered a
contract to be a syndicated cartoonist I
had never been a cartoonist and getting
a syndication contract and the
syndication sells your comic to all the
big newspapers so the big break for a
cartoonist is to become syndicated so
when somebody offers you a contract to
be a syndicated cartoonist that is the
biggest deal in your life it's a totally
transforming experience and so the
syndicate gave me a contract that was
sort of like China negotiating with the
United States right their initial
contract said we want everything and you
will have nothing I'm exaggerating but
it was a very uneven contract which is
normal the normal situation is the first
offer is sort of an aggressive offer and
they don't expect you to accept all of
it now normally in that situation you'd
say oh no the big syndication company
has all the power because if they don't
pick me they'll just pick somebody else
and so there's nothing I can do because
I have no negotiating leverage
fortunately my background was not in art
my background was in as it turns out
negotiating so I literally negotiated
two contracts for a living
during my corporate life that wasn't my
entire corporate life but it was a big
part of it and I had a MBA and you know
an economics degree and I'd seen enough
of the world from the corporate side to
know the following fact here's a fact
that I knew that made me a fortune and
the fact goes like this if a big company
let's say a syndication company what
makes you an offer and then
enters into a negotiation because it's
it's a lengthy process to negotiate this
sort of thing if they enter into it they
have also put skin in the game and they
don't want to change their mind they
don't want to be wrong in their offer
and they wouldn't make an offer to you
unless they thought you were rare so in
other words it wasn't true that they
could just easily go to the next
cartoonist I mean certainly there were
thousands you know in line but it's very
unusual to find a new cartoonist that
you think has potential so the very fact
that they had offered me the contract in
the first place
tipped their hand they tipped their hand
that they needed me a lot because their
entire business model depended on
finding rare people so I with my lawyer
and of course having a good lawyer helps
a lot push back hard so at the end of
the process and successfully we got a
contract
the Syndicates that some version of I
hope we never have to deal with your
lawyer again because that guy that guy's
just he's like the toughest lawyer we've
ever dealt with
now why was my lawyer the toughest
lawyer they've ever dealt with two
reasons number one he was a very good
lawyer and very experienced so that's
good number two he had the best client
in the world because I wasn't willing to
take BS for an answer if something was a
reasonable thing to ask for I held out
for it until I got it so here's your tip
for the day in negotiating if somebody
is willing to enter a negotiation with
you they have a bigger opinion of your
qualities than maybe you do so and
people rarely just walk away from a
negotiation and don't come back so you
can say no as long as you're
productively saying no you don't it's a
bad idea to just say no I can't deal
with you
your your first offer is so ridiculous I
walk away that's just dumb alright that
maybe that could work in a car
dealership situation that's a special
situation but if it's a big complicated
contract you want to get them a little
bit pregnant you want to get the lawyers
involved you want to get them you want
to make sure that they've had meetings
in which they said yeah we've got this
going it looks good because nobody wants
to go back to their boss and say yeah
I'd negotiated with this guy for a month
and I couldn't close the deal because it
makes you look weak and stupid so I
allow the other side to get a little bit
pregnant and then they will take a lot
of pushing once they're a little bit
pregnant because they can't unpregnant
themselves well now we'll get into that
all right let's talk about China and
their persecution of the we gar if I'm
pronouncing that right minority the
Muslim minority in China apparently
they're sending them to re-education
camps now we don't know exactly what's
going on over there but so one of their
diplomats I think it was the Chinese
diplomat in the United States said that
they send them to these reeducation
camps until and here's the fun part
until they can make them normal normal
what yeah they're sending them to
re-education camps to make them normal
Wow now remember that what I told you is
that the Chinese model is that the that
Islam they're treating it like a mental
illness
now without saying I'm going to try to
enter this part of the topic without
giving you an opinion so I'm gonna
describe it with them so don't take this
out of context and say Scott says this
was that their approach whether it's
right or wrong might be less important
than whether it works or whether
doesn't because from China's perspective
keeping order is a question of life and
death
because there are just so many people
and it's so hard to keep order with all
these different people in a vast country
so that the the level of challenge for
the Chinese leadership is much higher
than it is for a lot of different places
just because of the scope of the thing
they're trying to manage so for them
they probably can't tolerate as much
dissension as maybe a smaller country
you know in a different situation now
that doesn't make it right so I'm not
defending anything China does as you
know China is on my my my bad list for
Christmas because they're fentanyl
practices but it is instructive to look
at how they're looking at religion as a
mental problem that can spread by
association and and I wonder if there's
any analog to that you know not that
analogies are persuasive but is there
any other situation where a way of
thinking is considered a mental national
mental problem and while we see it with
trump derangement syndrome that's joking
aside it's an actual medical problem
people are seeing therapists and
reporting mental problems because of it
but I've not seen anything in which a
way of thinking is considered so
dangerous that it has to be quarantined
but imagine if you would anyway I'm not
going to say much
oh it's somebody saying it's similar to
trying to convert gay folks no it is
opposite of that it is opposite of that
the the folks who were who are treating
homosexuality as a mental illness were
were missing the biological and medical
fact that people
or born with us or an orientation and
there's nothing they can do about it
that's very different from someone who
is born as an open slate and then a
religion is introduced to their mind so
it's not a it's not a how you're born
situation it's it's how you were
socialized situation so those are not
comparable some of you are saying gender
dysphoria is a mental illness I not to
get into conversations that our
definition conversations it's always
illegitimate to try to win a convert to
win a debate by owning the definition so
just because you can say oh the way or
your gender orientation is a mental
problem just the fact that you can put
words on it it doesn't change what it is
it doesn't change how you should deal
with it it's just trying to win an
argument by putting a definition on it
is what it is
and you don't need to define it in order
to figure out what to do about it or or
how to be kind I happen to be far more
open to the the flexible definitions of
gender than most of you because the
simplistic version that your genitalia
determines your sex is a convenience for
society but that's all it is it's just a
convenience that happened to be very
inconvenient for a segment of the world
so if your goal is convenience then
maybe a stick with your external
genitalia which is very bad for some
people who have who are somewhere along
the continuum and not where you are so
yeah I can see I can see that all the
ways that I will be taking in a context
when somebody says what if what if it is
partially a choice well I don't believe
in free will so the question is invalid
it doesn't mean anything that if your
chemistry and your situation and your
life have brought all of the the
particles and your existence to a
certain point the next thing they do is
going to be the next thing they do
there's not like it's not like your soul
is changing what you're what you're
going to decide so the whole what if you
chose it is just word thinking because
you can't choose it you're gonna do what
you're gonna do why don't you believe in
free will I won't get into that because
I said it too many times but basically
the the basic argument against free will
is that the rules of physics do not
change once they once it's inside your
skull your brain is part of the world
the world is based on rules of physics
you can't think anything different than
what you're gonna think you don't have
an option it's just gonna be what it's
going to be you have an impression of
free will but that's all of this
what about fakers it's such a small
problem I wouldn't worry about it go
back to my China point oh so yeah thank
you so I had a China point which was so
apparently their Chinese are using you
know sophisticated digital means to
control their Weger population and this
this reminded me of the caravan did you
see the news that apparently Homeland
Security is reporting there are 600
known criminals in the caravan have you
asked yourself how they could possibly
know that
how could homeland security know there
are approximately 600 known criminals in
the caravan did they interview them did
they
asked them probably not
did they photograph them and use a
facial recognition well the technology
is here so they certainly have the
technology to fly a drone over the crowd
take pictures of all their faces run it
against the database and find out how
many of them are criminals and probably
that's what happens just guessing you
know because I can't imagine any other
way it would happen unless they
literally just made up the number which
you can't you know you can't rule that
out but so that's some scary stuff took
a sample size and expanded it yeah and
are you saying that the sample size may
be the sample size was based on facial
recognition but maybe they could have
interviewed people too I doubt it
so we talked about Jerome Corsi if you
missed that I've got to get ready to fly
so I'm going to cut it short and I will
talk to you later