[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and um
pretty sure there's never been a better
day in your life but suppose you wanted
to take it up to new levels levels that
nobody had ever seen before what would
you do then well I have a suggestion I
say in a Biden whisper
all you need for that is a cuper a
Mugger a glass a tanker chalice or Ste a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine head of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called simultanous up it
happens
now
go so no video some people are saying
no video you say
interesting interesting cuz I can see
myself audio is
working video is working
now no video some say videos
back videos
back all right we're all good now right
everybody's happy all right good we're
going to launch into the best show
you've seen this morning it involves a a
whiteboard there will be a
whiteboard and uh let's just jump right
into
it one of the good things about uh doing
the dilber comic on my own instead of
having a publisher is that I can do it
faster and so this week uh squatters
have moved into uh the cubicles in um
Dilbert's
workplace so Ted will be the first one
who is replaced by a squatter and the
the rules of the state the boss to give
the salary and benefits from Ted to the
squatters who took over his
cubicle and uh and so it goes if you'd
like to see that you'd have to be a
member of locals Scott adams. locals.com
or subscribe to Dilbert reborn on
X anyway uh here's some good news
they're restarting a nuclear plant plant
in Michigan so the Biden Administration
I will give them full credit for this
that allow me to be non political for a
moment Biden Administration uh putting a
$1.5 billion loan to restart a Michigan
nuclear power plant hello good job good
job government I'm sure it could have
been faster and better like everything
in the world but if you're moving in the
right direction I'm going to call it out
and yes this is the right thing would
the Trump Administration have done the
same thing probably probably because I
think it's just
time and I would like to take another
Victory lap for those of us who work so
hard to move that
Battleship um from saying that nuclear
is bad to nuclear is the thing that will
save the world from every energy problem
we
have so another call down to Mark
Schneider Michael shellenberger Zion
lights and everybody who helped on that
that do you realize that that was
literally a Grassroots
change in
Civilization that there were specific
individuals and there weren't there
weren't that many of them probably just
a handful of people who collectively use
persuasion and a tremendous amount of
energy there there may have been some
Financial backing from just
citizens
and and the entire the
entire thing
changed I don't even know the last time
I saw anybody negative on nuclear can
you remember the last time you saw a
negative nuclear story in the
press or anything negative except that
they were closing right so everything's
changed and that was people people did
that so that's kind of
impressive well there's a new report
that says uh uh that there's a there's a
compound found in cinnamon that might be
the cure for baldness
uh they caution you you can't get the
benefit by eating a bunch of cinnamon
you wouldn't be able to eat enough
cinnamon to do that but uh Yep they're
going to cure
boldness you know if they reverse aging
and cure boldness and I can put a chip
in my head to cure my eyesight
and fix all of those other aches and
pains I think I'm going to live forever
yeah yeah I'm going to have a full head
of hair any minute now I think it's the
weirdest thing that we're trying to cure
hair now I don't know if anybody can
back me on this but being bald is way
better than you
think do you know how much time I don't
spend on my
hair yeah it's it's a it's a really
tough mental thing to get past because
you say to yourself ah lost my hair all
my verality is gone you know women will
not like me I will be teased for my hair
but it turns out if you go to the gym
and shave your damn head you actually
come out
AE just go to the gym shave your stupid
head and never worry about combing your
hair again it's really kind of awesome
you know it's one of those things which
you wouldn't ask for you nobody would
say please make me
bald but it does turn out to be better
than not bald it literally is better if
as long as you go to the gym if you
don't go to the gym it's it's just
adding one bad thing to another bad
thing but as long as you go to the
gym bald works
perfectly all right they Babylon B is
reporting that uh Rond DeSantis has been
kicked out of the Republican Party wow
what did he do kicked down the
Republican party for H accomplishing too
many
things accomplishing too many things I
think the last STW was when he
immediately uh responded to the public
outcry about squatting and immediately
changed the law so squatters don't have
rights in Florida and everybody said
that was a great job but now you got to
go I'm sorry you got to leave you're
making everybody look stupid by
accomplishing things oh Ronda santis you
think you're going to be such a showoff
by accomplishing things well we've had
enough of you
sir sit
down go to the back we've had enough of
this accomplishing things that the
public wants we won't put up with this
well Katherine herriage as you know had
some kind of weird
uh exit from her job as CBS but there is
rumor that she's negotiating with X to
be on the
xplatform how awesome would that
be to to me that would
be probably the single most important
thing that happened on
X since the
Takeover and and I say that because she
has such a good reputation as a solid
investigative journalist that having run
the platform would be very different
from adding Don Lemon to the
platform
right because you know Katherine
herriage is not noted as anybody who's
in the bag for one side she seems to be
straight down the middle so that would
be a huge boost to The credibility but I
have a
question as Elan musk has pointed out a
few times the traditional media is
taking a big hit in viewership it's down
like 20% a year while X clicks are up
and but you've all noticed that a lot of
the traffic at least the political
traffic and news related traffic it
links back to the news
so what would happen if the traditional
news just went away I don't think it can
because they need it for propaganda but
if x became the only good place to get
news because it's the only place you
trusted it would the others go away or
would they just devolve more into the
propagandists that they are I think they
would just devolve more that's my guess
but anyway it's a big that's a big deal
I hope they make that
deal um so poor step Crowder as you know
his divorce situation is public and I'm
not going to get into the you know the
who did what part but there's a a story
that's bigger than the story the story
is about the people
observing so there's a whole bunch of
people observing uh a divorce in which
the wife was not uh working and the
husband had made a ton of money
especially recently and uh they had to
work out the financials cuz there's no
predom and I guess it's not super
friendly or as friendly as it could be
and so Tim p and others are watching in
horror uh as they're learning they're
learning for the first time that uh the
husband has to pay his
opponent to take his
money so the the the court will charge
the husband because he's the one with
the assets for the legal services of
both the husband and the wife I mean the
husband will get his own um attorney but
the wife will get her attorney she'll
pick it on her own and then she'll use
the husband's money to extend the
lawsuit because the lawyer for the
wife uh is going to want to keep it
going as long as possible because that
person gets paid by the hour so the wife
will get this you will hire the lawyer
from hell and and just torture the
husband for extra money until he just
psychologically gives up and writes a
big check and can't stand paying the
can't stand paying his opponent to
negotiate how long can you pay your
opponent for negotiating with you there
there's some point where you just can't
do it like your brain just says I can't
pay people to take my money it's bad
enough they're going to take my money
but I can't pay them to take my money
like that's just too far now anyway the
bigger story here is that the whole uh
Enterprise of marriage and divorce is a
really poorly designed system I'm not
going to take sides in this specific
divorce because we don't know enough and
it's not fair and I wish them well and
we don't know what's going on and any
judgment that we make about what they
are doing or not doing completely
inappropriate but the but the larger
story that people watching it are
horrified at the system they're not
they're not horrified at what the people
are doing people are kind of working the
way you do within the system it's all
it's all ugly anyway that really needs
to be fixed but I don't have any ideas
for doing
it there's a weird and alarming trend of
women in New York City doing selfy
videos showing that they had just gotten
punched randomly while walking down the
street now I don't know yet is this
really a thing or were there just three
examples of it and we think it's a thing
but there are I just watched three
videos of young women in New York who
said they were just walking down the
street and somebody walked up and
punched them in the head and now they
got a big black eye or bump on their
head or something
now I don't know if that's really a
trend or a weird little blip
statistically but I will tell you this
if you're having any conversation on the
topic of young women being punched in
the face randomly because I walked down
the city
street that's when you should reexamine
your strategy for
success and I'll say it
again that the Democrat strategy for
Success focuses on
victimization and fixing it and that's a
female
strategy because if a man complains
about the little things that are holding
him back he looks pathetic and it's not
exactly the
the way men were evolved we were evolved
to run into an obstacle and then die
trying to get rid of
it pound on it with our head stab it
with a knife shoot it with a gun do
something but but you don't get you
don't stop because you had a complaint
you know it doesn't matter you got a
sniffle or a limp or a or uh you know
massive discrimination you don't stop
you just keep
[Music]
in your terribly destructive worldview
that victimization is should be the
primary motivator of everything what
what would be if you were designing the
simulation how would you let's say wake
up
people
well I would have them being punched in
the face on a regular basis which by the
way I'm not in favor of so don't want to
act I don't want to act happy that
anybody's getting punched in the face
that's all bad we don't want anybody to
get punched in
face but it's hard to
avoid the fact that we live in a
simulation and it's telling us hey hey I
have something to tell you about the
quality of your political preferences
really what is it
bam I'd like to have a second
conversation because it looks like you
didn't hear me the first time about what
your political preferences would you
like to talk about them well all right
bam now how many times do you have to
get punched in the face before you start
saying hey maybe it's something I'm
doing I I wonder if I wonder if somehow
my actions are in any
way related to the outcomes number one
get the out of any City where
you're getting punched in the face
walking down the streets get the
out of
there that's number one number two
examine your
voting just give it a second look that
that's I don't give a lot of
advice but I'm going to make an
exception if your political
preferences cause you a young woman to
be randomly punched in the face because
you went
outoors just just take a pause just look
at the big picture just ask yourself is
there anything wor doing that we could
do differently that would make fewer
people get punched in the
face it's all ask just rethink it there
was a study in the UK on uh
representation of black people in
advertising so over in the
UK uh they did very well very well in
diversity so in the advertisements they
looked at over a two-month period and
found that 37% of the advertisements
featured uh black people in the
advertisements very good job how good
it's like the best job I've ever seen
because the black percentage of people
in the UK is 3% so although black people
in the UK are 3% they are 37% of all
advertisement and I think we could all
say that's a huge
success you know I feel that I've
reached equity and equality
already because once 3% of the
population is 37% of the advertis M I
feel like everything's now
equal so well not totally I still have
to pay a few trillion dollars and
reparations but I think that's just
fair there is a new film that I guess is
debuting only on X Grace price is the
producer and uh I didn't watch it but
the teaser seems to suggest that cancer
in this country is maybe being triggered
by our
food
supply do you think you would see that
documentary in let's say one of the
major
networks probably not because they take
their advertisement from the food
industry um now there might be some of
that advertisement on X but probably not
so X by being boycotted by
advertisers uh at least to some
degree um becomes maybe the only safe
place you can put on a documentary that
would challenge one of our biggest
industries so I don't have an opinion
about the accuracy of the documentary
and remember there's always a
documentary effect if you watch any
documentary with any point of view by
the time you're done you will think it's
all
true doesn't mean it's true it just
means you saw one point of view for an
hour if you see one point of view for an
hour you're you're going to be persuaded
because they not going to show you any
counter evidence so be careful about
that but my every part of my instinct
does say that our food supply is
poisoning us and causing cancer and
um oh wow she was an 18-year-old girl
wow so she says it's a story of how I
and 18-year-old girls spent two years
relentlessly searching for the true
cause of cancer and yeah the true cause
so you know there's a genetic component
to cancer of course but then there's the
lifestyle triggers so she went looking
for the triggers that will be very
interesting uh Greg
Abbott U issued an executive order that
the Texas Colleges and universities
should you know look at all their uh
rules and make sure that uh that
they're they're sort of anti-
anti-Semitism so they're trying to
reduce anti-Semitism in the Texas
universities and so Greg Abbott did
these executive orders and uh people
like Christopher
rufo who says he's you know very
committed to the fight against
anti-Semitism as all of us should
be um it says why are you calling out
this one
group
oh that's a good question shouldn't the
rules be uh looked at to make sure that
100% of all people are free from anti
everything that in other words there's
no group that gets discriminated against
why do do you need to call out one
particular group is it because that one
particular group is the subject to the
most
discrimination no that's not why that is
not why because if it was based on the
most discrimination they would have
already done an executive order to stop
discriminating against white people
white people and men have been by far
the most obviously discriminated people
and and Asians asian-americans in
colleges so there are a couple of groups
that are by far more discriminated but
at the moment anti-Semitism is sort of
at a crisis level so I do understand why
he felt the need to
respond but it is a very good
question why do you ever need to pick
out one group if it's a general rule for
your population it should be don't do it
to anybody there's no
exceptions but I but I understand you
Wen wer a special time in
place and uh Governor Abbot felt he
needed to respond to that I feel that
was more a political um response than a
good government
response well let me put it in another
way I don't think DeSantis would have
done this what do you think so DeSantis
is sort of setting the standard for what
a good Governor looks like you know no
 if you want it and it's
important and you know the science
supports it we're going to do it
he's a competitive
bastard whatever nickname you give him
it's going to be like hey let's call him
small penis Dawn I swear to God his
penis eyes would double in the next day
yeah he's he's just a winner he's just a
winner that's just in case any
anti-trumpers wandered into the show Ju
Just to really give them a heart attack
and make them hate me extra
well I was just saying on the man cave
the other day and it's worth repeating
how telephones have ruined
movies you you you've noticed that it's
impossible to watch a movie that all
movies are just garbage now now some of
it is the wokeness we talked about that
a lot but here's another phenomenon I
remember going to the movies let's say
in the 60s when I was a kid in the 70s
and the 80s and it always felt the same
the movie would have would open with
something terrible happening to somebody
somebody would lose a job or their
family would be slaughtered when they
went out to the grocery store something
horrible would happen but then during
the course of the movie you know the the
the antagonist the hero would would
Prevail and then you would get this
relief at the end it's like ah it' be
like a dopamine relief so not only did
he watch a good movie with lots of good
scenes but but that because they
depressed your dopamine with the bad
news at the front when they released it
you're like oh yeah pretty good so
here's how phones ruined
that if I'm looking at reals or Tik toks
you know the little videos that the
algorithm that I want if you look at a
15 second reel and you compare the
dopamine you get from 15 seconds to any
15 seconds of a three-hour movie any 15
seconds which would be a better dopamine
hit
the real not sometimes every time
because there's no 15sec slice of any
movie that gives you much of a dopamine
hit I mean most of it's just connecting
tissue it's like we you need to know
this to move it along here's another car
chase yawn another guy tied to a chair
to be tortured yawn another sex scene to
show you that the characters really
really do love each other yawn fast
forward
so how in the world can a movie compete
when every 15-second slice is inferior
to every every 15c slice when I'm slice
looking through my
phone now worse than that there's
another bigger effect I used to be able
to easily handle watching somebody's
family get slaughtered in the first part
of a movie now of course because it was
fiction but also for some reason my
Constitution in my brain could sort of
handle some bad
news I was strong enough that like I
needed to artificially take down my mood
just so I could artificially feel the
difference when they raised it
later but what happens in 2024 if you
walk into a theater and the first scene
is horrible damage and terrible things
happening to somebody that you're going
to care about later you just don't want
to watch it I literally want to just
walk up walk out right away it's it's
intolerable so I can't I can't handle a
big dopamine drop and I don't know if
it's because the environment has changed
it's more complicated something about my
phone but I cannot handle bad news in a
movie because my brain is saying why
would you watch 15 minutes of somebody
being tortured when every single flip of
my phone is better than every second of
every movie it's it's just there's no
competition anymore I don't I don't
think movies can survive I don't see any
way that can happen we keep talking
about how AI is going to make it easy to
make a movie I'm gonna I'm going to give
you the counter prediction AI will make
movies useless and
worthless so once you take the money out
of it because let's say anybody can make
a movie nobody's going to want to watch
that movie you made how how many clips
of AI have you seen as like examples of
how AI can make a a 15-second clip and
it's so good and I watched some of those
15 second Clips I go oh that's sort of
interesting
but when was the last time you went to a
movie and then gushed about these
special
effects I don't remember the last time
but when Star Wars was knew you did
right it was like mind-blowing wow you
got a little dopamine hit just seeing
what they could do was a dopamine hit
but now there's no dopamine hit because
they can do everything so imagine you're
watching a movie and it's not the first
time you've ever seen Ai and there's a
character walking through a complicated
cityscape it's all done by AI are you
still
impressed no because it's not the first
year of AI the first year is all pretty
amazing by the second year it's just
what's there it's just background so
you're not going to watch want to watch
the movie because you're not going to
want to watch any movie because there
won't be any movie with a 3X structure
no matter who makes it humans or AI
nobody cares but in the short run the
movie makers because they still make
money they can kind of force you to see
a movie by brainwashing
you literally what we're still at that
point where if the advertising is good
enough we all have to watch
it you it's like you're forced to Dune
to I don't want to watch watched Dune
2 but the advertising got me I know I'm
not going to like it I know I'm not even
though it's exactly the kind of thing I
used to love you know good sci-fi movie
but no so yes phones ruin movies and
there's no coming
back we keep talking about uh the causes
of kids being more depressed and having
mental health problems we always think
ah it's the phones it's the phones it's
the phones and I think it's it's mostly
the phones but I think we're leaving out
the fact that it's
everything if we concentrate on the one
thing it's you know we're going to lose
everything else I think the thing making
kids young people depressed and anxious
is the food suppli is bad the there may
be environmental pollutants that have an
effect it's the phones of course it's a
bad adult
advice on everything um how about the
homework does any have a teenager who
does four hours of homework a night how
how do you be happy if you have four
hours of homework every school night and
at least one night on the weekend that's
actually normal in my town that's normal
four
hours six nights a
week and that might be on top of a sport
or something so that they're getting to
bed at midnight so they're getting no
sleep and then when they go to bed at
midnight they pick up their phone cuz
they they need an hour of phone before
they go to sleep so
homework if you took out you know the
food pollution and you took out the
phones and the only thing you did was
make kids do four hours of homework a
night they would all be anxious
depressed and unhappy that's all now
that's just one
thing the food is definitely killing
them making them fat and unhealthy and
feeling unsexy and dropping their
testosterone and everything else um the
homework this the bullies the social
media the and then there's the mass
hysteria in the
news when I was a kid I distinctly
remember getting a mental health problem
from being told that we were going to
get nuked by the Soviet Union maybe any
minute now like I actually had a bomb
shelter in my basement which my father
thought could be done with cinder
blocks that'll stop that
radiation so and we the you know Duck
and Cover things for a nuclear attack
all that crazy stuff so I actually know
what it feels like to be part of a mass
hysteria now in that case it might have
been a real risk so I'm not sure if it's
a if the false part is true but the
hysteria was certainly true now we have
the same thing with climate
change if you were a kid today you're
being told that climate change will
destroy your world in your lifetime in
your lifetime and there's no way
back what would you do if all the
parents all of them every every TV show
because they're not watching Fox News
right so every time they turn it on it
says your world will be destroyed it
doesn't look like the adults can stop it
you're going to grow into a hellscape uh
we're spending all your money by the way
there's no way you can pay back the debt
and uh probably the terrorists will kill
you all so the news is certainly making
young people
anxious all right as you know Oregon's
looking to back out from their uh
decriminalization of drugs because it
made things much worse so the ODS went
way up when they decriminalized but
there's a little pushback because in
Portugal there's a claim that their
decriminalization worked and the claim
is that uh they did a more comprehensive
job in other words in Portugal uh it
could be de criminalized if you were
doing drugs but they would try to force
you into
treatment apparently in Oregon they
passed some money for treatment and then
they never implemented the treatment
part for whatever reason so they had
decriminalization without any treatment
or extra treatment so I say again I
think it's terrific that there was a a
trial you know that's what the states
are for hey test this see if it works
but that test I don't think you can call
that a good test now I will say uh just
to put a Counterpoint on this I've heard
other people say that the Portugal
success is all fake have you heard that
that the so-called Portugal
decriminalizing drugs we heard it was a
big success but it's all a lie I don't
know what's True by the way I don't know
if it's a big success or a big lie but I
know they did it differently so if they
got different outcomes that would be
useful
all right here's a uh brain flipper for
you we'll get to some more politics in a
minute but uh AI is going to flip the
creativity
implementation um model that has always
been driving our society what I mean by
that is Forever at least in my lifetime
a good idea had no value at all because
we all have good
ideas it's all about the
implementation implementing anything is
just so hard getting through all the
laws and the the you know just even
hiring a lawyer to set up your
corporation and hiring people and
payroll and you know and then you get
sued and so starting a business is
insanely hard but coming up with an idea
for a business has always been cheap and
free and easy that just
reversed because with AI you'll be able
to start a company just by telling your
AI to do it we're not there but maybe by
next year you'll be able to say hey
startup AI I got an idea I need you to
make an app and the app should do this
and that and then I want you to form a
corporation around it so contact the
lawyer or act as the lawyer fill out the
forms you know I'll just sign things
I'll answer questions and sign things
but you're going to do all the work
you're going to set up my Corporation
you're going to set up the payroll you
know you're going to hire if you need
anybody but you probably won't need
anybody because buddy it's just me and
you so it's just me and the AI but the
AI will do everything all the legal
stuff the lawyers the accounting
everything it'll it'll make sure you
don't violate any state laws it'll pay
your taxes they'll do all of it and what
I would do is come up with the
idea so it's Shifting The Power from
great
implementers and I would say Elon Musk
is a great implementor to great
ideas did Elon Musk come up with the
idea of the electric car no no he did
not but he's the greatest implementor
we've ever seen did he come up with the
idea of hey Rocky ships would be good
for a variety of reasons no he did not
did not invent that but he implemented
better than anybody ever has you know
Nur you know neuralink implementation uh
starlink implementation buying X and
fixing everything firing 80% of the
staff
implementation right so implementation
makes you the richest person in the
world and should and should that's all
deserved however imagine if I can wake
up in the morning and say you know what
I've got an idea for an app form a
company AI write that app and let's test
it with a few people and I could
actually just come up with hundreds of
ideas over the course of maybe a few
years try every one of them or at least
to the point of having a you know viable
testable product to see if anybody's
excited and it should create the value
in the creative people and this is the
the weird
part I contend that my generation is
special special in one specific way we
were born and we grew up before
phones so our brains are developed
before the smartphone gave us all the
productivity and gave us all the
creativity so we had to come up with
creativity and Solutions on our own so I
believe my generation developed some um
some skills for
creativity if only because we sat there
alone a lot and not looking at anything
do you know how much time I just sat
there not looking at anything or doing
anything because there wasn't anything
to do like just nothing I used to sit on
a wall when I was a teenager and pick up
the little sticks the Twigs that fell
off a tree and I'd watch the traffic in
my small town which would be one car
every 5 minutes and I would take the
bigger sticks and I break them into
smaller pieces and when I was done with
that I would uh get another
stick and I could do that for an hour
because there was nothing else to do I
would be in my room trying to spin a
basketball in my
finger because I didn't have anything
else to do I learned to
juggle just nothing else to
do but now I've been uh you know
immersed in technology so I was old
enough to to be to have a brain that was
created pre-
technology but I was young enough that I
was completely immersed in technology in
my whole work
career so that's unique and now I'm
still young enough but just barely
because you know I'm really past my
expiration but I'm staying healthy so
far
I'm one of the people who has a full
creative structure in my
head and I've got enough wewi all with
technology that I should be able to be
one of the few people you know small
sliver of people who could use Ai and
add
creativity my belief is that we've lost
our ability to be creative because we're
more we're more consumers and less
creators yeah if you don't have a a
phone you create because you create your
own consumption come up with a thought
think about it that's your entertainment
but if it just coming to you there's no
thinking you're just create you know
your creative muscle is basically
atrophied so I believe that as AI gets
better the creative muscle in humans
will atrophy it will just let the AI do
it but there'll be a thin sliver of time
in which I can quickly become the
richest person on Earth simply by coming
up with ideas
that are higher quality ideas than young
people are able to
do but I also would have the ability to
instantly Implement through
AI none of that's going to happen but
it's an interesting thought so the the
only thing I want you to remember is
that there's a inversion where
implementation used to be everything and
now it might be nothing so it might make
the idea the valuable thing for the
first time in
history the idea has never been the
important thing except maybe the wheel
you know because you could implement it
yourself with a you know carving a stone
or
something all right
um
so prosan is dead but they think his
troll Farms live on and there's more
priming us that Russia is going to
influence the elections huh who would
want to Prime us to believe that the
elections were being influenced toward
Trump oh yeah all the bad guys who if
Trump wins they're going to say it was
Russia collusion and they're going to
try to overthrow the election and say it
wasn't fair because Russia interfered so
they're setting you up for that uh I
don't believe there's any evidence that
any Russian troll Farms make any
difference in our elections there's no
evidence that made any any difference
the last time in 2020 anyway um so I
don't think it'll make a difference this
time this is the fake data season this
is the season where all of the economic
will make it look as though everything
is working great because the Democrats
control the government the government
comes up with the the data and believe
it or
not uh the data is going to make it look
like the economy is doing well well
surprised some data came out and it
looks like inflation is slowing
down well I think we can thank Joe Biden
for that now for your
amusement uh
you know a lot of you believe that Joe
Biden has been replaced by
AI because he looks and acts and walks
like he's AI may you know maybe a
version 3.5 GPT sort of AI not really a
good one but uh I proved that he was
actually um he's
mechanical and the way I did it was I
reverse engineered him to find his code
I did I reverse engineered President
Biden and I found out the code behind
all of his communication and I'm going
to show you on the Whiteboard um the the
form that he uses I'll show you some
examples
so this is the reverse engineered Biden
code and so this is just a formula sort
of like an algorithm and you you can uh
populate it with any number of contents
but it's always the same inform so he
starts with an outrageous lie about
anything and then he justifies the lie
with what I call a hollow because it
means he uses the word because but what
comes after the word because is nonsense
or
incomplete but then he just keeps
talking so that you don't have time to
like think about it too much but it
sounded like there was a reason and then
he sometimes adds a weird emphasis so
that his
Nonpoint sounds like it was a point let
me give you an example so the LIE might
be well inflation was 25,000 under Trump
but I got it down to
zero and then you add the fake because
because of all the bomic
policies have I mentioned
infrastructure now if you want to add
that if you want to make it stronger you
you do it joh Pierre K whoever she is
what she does she adds weird emphasis
Joe does this too but he does a
different one so I'm going to add the
weird emphasis to make it sound like the
hollow because actually says something
all right you
ready uh the GDP is up 25,000
f% and that's because of biomics and
because of my policies and have I
mentioned the
infrastructure
and it's because of
policies the policies see if you just
said every everything got better because
of my policies you're
like H I'm not even hearing the reason
but if you say it with weird
emphasis then people will think they
heard a reason when there's not one
there no the reason that unemployment is
zero for black people the reason it's
zero for black people is the Biden
economic policies the
policies
infrastructure
infrastructure see now Joe does the
weird emphasis with a
whisper or sometimes a dementia yell so
that so that would go this
way GDP is up
500% because of the Biden policies see
that's the whisper whisper thing but he
could also do because I love policies
you know his his dementia yell so pretty
much everything will fall this
outrageous lie Hollow because with no
explanations with weird
emphasis and that's that's a Biden robot
right there you can build it
yourself well RFK Jr is growing in
support I saw a uh he's got his new
VP and uh Douglas McKinnon was writing
that uh RFK Jr has a higher favorability
rating than both Biden and
Trump now you know Trump of course has
his Loyalists and they're not going to
go anywhere but it's kind of interesting
that the third party is more favorable
than both of the major candidates uh RFK
is also the favorite among voters under
35 wouldn't that be exactly the people
that Biden has pretty much owned that
feels like a mortal blow
to the Biden um campaign and uh he's
gaining rapidly among minorities so
basically RFK Jr is a a threat to the
strongest
strongholds of the Democrat Party and he
doesn't have to take many of them away
because remember Trump on his own is
already is already scooping up a lot of
minority
voters so if you had RFK Jr what's left
for Biden just young single women who
are getting punched in the face so
basically Biden's entire demographic
core is going to be young women who get
punched in the
face that's not much to run
on I I will lead you the people who are
getting punched in the face because of
my
policies see what I did there
um
so it looks like the uh Democrats are
going to have to uh jail Trump and keep
RFK Jr off the ballot to win and protect
democracy um they're doing a lot to
protect democracy for
example oh by the way before I give you
that um I saw Benny Johnson was
reporting that the judge's daughter in
that Alvin brag
case so the judge's daughter has a photo
of Donald Trump Behind Bars and in a
jail cell as her profile picture so
Fair trial coming
up so that's a judge who has to go back
to his own daughter and explain why
Trump isn't in
jail his own family will give him a
terrible time presumably if he doesn't
put Trump in jail or find finded against
him in the hardest possible
way so do you think that that case is
anything like oh I don't know Fair
Justice or anything like that well let's
put this all together into one statement
um so it looks like Biden is trying to
protect democracy that's going to be his
uh his play and he's going to protect
democracy uh just effect as effectively
as he comes up with nicknames so he came
up with broke down and caused Trump to
make9
billion and he's going to protect
democracy and the way he's going to do
it he's he's going to keep RFK Jr off
the ballot they've created a whole
organization just to do that he's going
to use corrupt prosecutors and judges to
put Trump in jail to protect democracy
he's going to use government funded
entities to censor Republicans and
manipulate the news for democracy while
servicing the military industrial
complex for democracy and taking away
your guns for
democracy Now there that's how you save
your democracy am I
right now you're probably laughing and
saying Scott Those seem like the
opposite of saving democ y but do you
like Freedom you like Freedom don't you
if you want freedom Biden is your one
because after he's done all of that um
in a Janice Joplin kind of way you'll
finally be
free because freedoms just another word
for Nothing Left to
Lose they would take your candidate away
they will take your guns away they will
take your free speech away they will
take your access to accurate information
away they'll take your RFK Jr away and
after they've taken everything away and
you can only walk down the street
getting punched in the face you'll
finally be
free because you'll have nothing else to
lose now you say to yourself but Scott
at least I can enjoy some nice food no
food's giving you cancer no you have
nothing left to lose you say well at
least I can scroll through my phone no
no mental illness
can't scroll through your phone just
going to make things
worse
right well at least I can go outside
well if you do you better put on your
sunscreen if you're going to go outside
put on your sunscreen sunscreen might
kill you people say from the chemicals
so you'll die if you go in the sun or
you don't go in the sun because you
won't have enough vitamin so basically
you've got lots of options is what I'm
saying wear your
mask lawyer John East looks like he's
going to get disbarred for helping Trump
in the fake
Insurrection that the Democrats who
saving democracy have convinced you
actually happened now one of the ways
that the Democrats saved democracy is
that they threw away some of the
testimonies that would have uh have been
uh let's say helpful to Trump and the
other J Sixers so they're helping
democracy with a show trial in which
they throw away the exculpatory
information to save democracy I feel a
lot safer in fact right now um since I'm
being completely censored from all
contact with
Democrats don't I feel safer of course I
do and
Freer because now that I don't have
ability to broadcast to people who might
be change have their minds Changed by
anything I say um I feel much Freer much
Freer Nothing Left to
Lose well the simulation has been
tapping us on the shoulder and kicking
Us in the shin and grabbing Us by the
balls and saying are you paying
attention this is a simulation how do I
know well it couldn't wink any harder
here's an example The Daily Show has
been you know as you know resurrected
with John Stewart and somebody decided
that the best way to decorate his entire
set is behind him it has the words The
Daily Show but surrounding him on his
desk and on the side walls and
everywhere else they've abbreviated it
to
TDs so yes I swear this is true John
Stewart sits among uh a 100 acronyms
that say TDS and then presents
TDS in the real
world I swear to God that's happening
now you tell me we're not in the
simulation seriously you're watching
Trump embark on the third Act of all
third acts exactly as I told you he
would and you don't think we live in a
simulation have you ever seen me change
the
world watch the comments have you ever
seen me change the
world how is that
possible well I'll do it
again so there's a story in Yahoo news
um about a Utah gubinatorial candidate
Phil
Lyman and I guess he said some things
about the bridge collapse and he
referenced you know diversity and
Dei now I do not think that the British
collapse is caused by any diversity or
Dei you know they don't know exactly
what the problem is but I think that's
the least likely possibility you know
some are still saying it might be some
kind of a Cyber attack I wouldn't rule
it out but I think by far the most
likely is just happens and
sometimes it happens when you're near a
bridge that's my guess now I could be
easily talked out of that you it
wouldn't take much more information to
to be convinced it was a Cyber attack
you know I'm sort
of 6040 that it was just an accident
I'm at zero that it was anything
racial I don't see any evidence of that
but back to this story The you the Utah
gubinatorial hul Phil Lyman um I think
more that he was just you know uh he was
bolstering a story that he's against Dei
and was using it as an example probably
wasn't the best example
but in the process of doing a hit piece
on him Yahoo news mentioned that one of
the teror things this poor guy did this
Phil Lyman who's running for Utah
governor and if you can believe this
this bad behavior it was so bad that
they needed to call it out in the
article and you know people live
complicated lives but they found one of
the worst things he's ever done and I
feel bad even bringing it up because you
know poor Phil Lyman he doesn't deserve
this but since it's been reported I feel
you know I feel I can I mention it well
this poor guy this really
happened he reposted one of my posts on
X
yeah yeah now if you saw a story in
which a major part of the story was that
this guy my God how could he he uh
posted one of my posts now how did they
describe that let me check their exact
wording they said uh they describe me as
the Gilbert cartoonist
Gilbert with a G the Gilbert cartoonist
and I was called a conservative
commentator
repunit all right so the two things they
described about me are completely
wrong I'm not the Gilbert
cartoonist and I'm not
conservative the the times that I agree
with conservatives are every time they
say something that's obvious and you
know it's just
obvious right am I a conservative
because I like strong border
control well according to
them if I don't want if I don't want
massive migration
uncontrolled
what if I don't want my government to be
massively censoring the citizens well
what am I some kind of conservative
reactionary like what what exactly is
the policy that they could look C to
call me a conservative because every
single thing that I agree with
conservatives on and it's a pretty long
list of things I agree with they're all
just common
sense I don't take any religious take on
anything right I have no religious point
of
view so how do you call me a
conservative so here's your news now do
you remember the uh I talk about the G
man Theory G man noticed that whenever
there was a story about physics his
expertise he knew it was all wrong but
then he would read the next story that
wasn't his expertise and he would forget
to question it because he thought well
it's in the news probably true then one
day he realized wait a minute if 100% of
the things I know about are wrong what
does that say about the rest of the news
and of course that was the Insight that
unlocked everything of course it's all
fake look at this example it's a story
in which I'm a central player of the
story and the only two things they said
about me are dead
wrong now that got through editors it
wasn't just a writer it got through
editors probably more than
one anyway here's the bigger part of the
story so I've been saving the big part
of the story imagine if you will I'm a
central part of the story and it's being
used to line this one
individual Phil
Lyman don't you think that if you're
going to mention that he reposted my
post what's the minimum logical thing
you would do if the story is about
something I posted and it was on the
topic of Dei what's the minimum you
would do you would link to it am I right
you would link to it now suppose you
didn't want to give me any attention cuz
I'm the Gilbert cartoonist and a
conservative and they don't like that so
suppose you didn't want me to get any
extra clicks well it's just a post
wasn't that long I mean it was a long
thread but you know maybe it'd be a
quarter of a
page they could just copy and paste it
because because that would be fair use
if you're talking about it you can
publish it in hole you knew that right
there's no copyright problem if you're
doing a story about it you can just
publish it in whole you couldn't do it
with a whole book but you can do it with
something something short so now you say
to yourself but Scott they probably had
a lot of things they didn't link to nope
it it was an article in which every
paragraph had a link to find out more
about something in the paragraph every
paragraph there were like 12 links to
external things and yet a core part of
the
story was my post no
link
let me tell you why there was no link to
it because they read
[Laughter]
it yeah that the post is is my highly
viral post maybe the most persuasive
thing I've ever written and maybe the
most persuasive thing that's ever been
written big claim well that's called
persuasion I'm actually giving you uh a
challenge I don't think anything has
ever been more persuasive because it was
the sum of everything I've learned all
my
life put into one
piece and I didn't hold anything back
and it was about how Dei is basically a
female
strategy and that for a men you just
look pathetic if you say hey my
discrimination held me back if you're a
man it just looks pathetic I don't care
if it's
true but but it's true I don't care
I got problems too why is your problem
special but for a female strategy
victimization can work you can actually
get things fixed by complaining if men
do it they can sometimes get things
fixed but we don't respect them ever
again so it's not really a good tradeoff
so it's so persuasive in my um personal
opinion and I think you'll agree that
that's the reason it's got 1.1 million
views is because people agree if you
look at the comments they're unlike
anything I've ever done most of the
comments are something like it's the
best thing you've ever done most of them
that's a weird thing because you don't
get that comment on just a good post
it's very rare that most of the comments
say it's the best thing you've ever done
when you know I've written 50
books so that's that's really special so
it's so dangerous apparently that Yahoo
news won't link to it now I'm going to
tell you the real reason they don't link
to it is just that it would destroy
their entire entire narrative that's why
it's that dangerous but I'm completely
controlled because I'm siloed I'm siloed
not just that nobody wanders in
accidentally and sees my stuff but even
when there's a a a major entity Yahoo
news I would call the major news entity
even when they do a story about it they
Silo Me by not I'm the only thing they
didn't link
to are you Blown Away by that or is that
just because it's me that I'm blown away
maybe I'm just two inside my own head
here is that does that tell you
something that's like meaningful for the
rest of you or am I just talking about
myself I can't tell this might be just
too much inside
baseball anyway I'll look at your
comments about that uh Pennsylvania
Court ruled in favor of signature
verification for mail in
voting why the hell is that a
story it's a story that the Court ruled
that you do the most basic thing to make
sure the election is not
rigged what what why in the world was
that
even
important like we we live in a world in
which
strengthening uh voter security is
somehow controversial that's
controversial
wow and then I saw a uh opinion piece by
John rolon from the Rolston reports not
familiar with them but apparently he
wrote a column and he reup it so we
could
see and he says uh in the wake of the
McDaniel hiring firing people seem to
forget the issue here has no equivalent
so he's talking about the 2020 January 6
stuff has no equivalent he said you deny
the 2020 election you should be shunned
you can and should uh Trump you should
be able to platform Trump backers in
other
words
MSNBC you know should be able to put a
trump backer on there but not an
insurrectionist not not an
insurrectionist that now that's too far
that's too far
and and the reason that he has this
opinion
is that he believes it's a fact that the
election was not
rigged how can you be so
brainwashed that you think it's possible
to know who won an
election how does that even
happen that is strong
brainwashing but imagine putting him in
the room with me and he makes this claim
that people like me should be shunned
for imagining that this election was not
perfectly
fair to which I would say to him how
would you know if it was fair or it
wasn't and he would say dumb things like
the courts didn't find a problem and I
would say what school did you go to
where you learn that not finding
something by looking in the wrong place
tells you that there's nothing
there so I would like to give a
demonstration of proving that
automobiles don't exist
would you like to see it I can prove it
watch this my proof that automobiles
don't
exist I don't see
any n no automobiles under my shirt how
about this
drawer searching
searching no
automobiles proof there are no
automobiles under my shirt there are no
automobil in my desk
drawer
QED there are no automobiles in
existence they're all
imaginary
now is there something wrong with this
individual's
brain like organically they can't figure
this out on their own or is this purely
brainwashing now if it's brainwashing IQ
is not a
variable this is one of the hardest
things for people people to
understand IQ and being smart and even
being well
informed won't help you from being
brainwashed do do you think that when uh
Patty Hurst was taken by the Symbian
Liberation Army and and basically
brainwashed was it because she had a low
IQ I she probably didn't I mean I don't
know anything about her but I doubt she
was just sort of naturally d
no there is absolutely no
correlation between intelligence and how
easily you can be hypnotized in fact the
evidence anecdotally for hypnotists is
that it's easier to hypnotize a smart
person because they they let their guard
down because they think they can't be
hypnotized that they just don't assume
that it happens to them they assume it's
only something that happens to dumb
people so they don't have any defense it
just goes right
through
but do you think that John Rolston is
aware that there is no mechanism and
nobody's even tried to create a
mechanism to know if an election is fair
that's unknowable by
Design if it were a paper ballots and
every paper ballot was counted by both
teams so there was a Democrat that
counted every ballot at the same time a
republican counted every
ballot that would be I would say that I
could call that election Fair because it
would be designed for me to acquire that
information so if you say Scott do you
think this is fair I say' well how did
you do the election well it was all
paper ballots it was all same day we
checked all their IDs and then every
single thing was counted by two people
at the same time and when they got to 10
they would check the count all right did
you have eight bidens and two trumps yes
okay continue do the next 10 that way
you're audited instantly you're
instantly audited because two teams got
the same number and they stopped every
10 and then they went
on right so so you could design a system
where you would say to me I know it's
really complicated and there's all these
precincts and you can't watch them all
and who knows but this was our system if
they told me that and I knew that was
really the system I would say yeah yeah
you know what I'm going to treat that as
a fact because you built a system that
would produce information to allow me to
say it's a fact the current system
produces
nonsense
nonsense I can't even tell where the
where the vote is wait is my vote in the
in The Ballot Box or is it in the
machine that created the paper are they
counting the paper or is the machine
count or they comparing it then it goes
into some kind of ballot count counting
machine tabulator what's that all about
then where then where does the
electronic signal go for any of that and
how do they transmit it and what what
computers are involved and how many
entities how many state lines does it
cross how many International borders
does it cross what is the susceptibility
to
hacking it's designed so you can't tell
who won it's pretty
obvious well when you imagine how easy
it would be to design out all
possibility of
and then you look what we built
instead I think that removes all
doubt doesn't it so to argue whether a
vote was or was not rigged is the stupid
argument I'm sorry because I know a lot
of you make the argument it's obvious it
was rigged that's the dumb argument if
only because you can't sell it it's an
unsellable argument nobody's buying it
so why do it but if you say to somebody
look at the design look at what it could
be then look what it is and look that we
know we have a credibility problem so
it's not like we don't have a problem
and it's the biggest problem in the
country and and no effort whatsoever to
fix it there's only one conclusion right
you see how easy it is to fix things you
want to
fix Ronda Sansa shows you every day that
he can fix things that need to be fixed
fairly efficiently yeah so it can be
done so don't be shunning those election
deniers uh instead of being an election
denier be an election system analyst am
I am I a election denier no I'm a system
analyst and I found a system that can't
tell you who
won that's it you do not have an
argument for that this is a system that
by its design can't tell you who
it can give you a result which I
accepted immediately and never changed
my mind because I do think that cheating
is built into the system so whoever
cheats them their way to a win well they
got the win unfortunately that's the
system so when I accepted the result
immediately it had nothing to do with my
suspicions about the quality of the
election it's just that was our
system and we allowed it to run we all
watched it and we that's
system so I hate to say it but Joe yeah
Joe Biden was
elected by our system and I accepted it
and I've never changed my mind yeah he
he guesses four years I guess he'll get
another one maybe if if they find a way
to make it happen all right ladies and
gentlemen that is all I have for your
Collective uh interest I'm going to uh
leave the locals people on this feed
the subscribers who get a little extra
and then I'm going to say bye for now to
the rest of you and I'll see you
tomorrow in the morning same place same
time
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
for