bump up and boom hey everybody come on
in here
Stanley good to see you grab your cups
of new mugs your glasses your vessel
your tankers your chalice your thermos
your flask fill it with your favorite
liquid hey everybody John Margo Ryan
it's time to join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous it and it happens right now
oh that's good stuff
hmm so here's an update on my startup
because I know you care we've added a
new feature now to allow you to put a a
button if you know how to pace things
into HTML or a link if you just want to
keep it simple so you can have a link on
your own page whether it's a blog or
social media or anything else that will
take you directly to a interface by one
habit video call so if you wanted to do
let's say a customer support you could
put your link or your button on your
page and somebody could go to a video
call or just schedule one they click the
button and it shows your schedule if you
set up a schedule when you're ready and
so all of you who would like to do that
the two steps are get the interface by
one hub app and put in a profile as an
expert and then separately you want to
go to one hub comm and then search for
yourself and those are you'll find the
links there that will allow you to paste
onto a web page if you donate to ml if
you don't know HTML you can just grab a
URL and just use a URL all right let's
talk about all the news something that's
pretty interesting you also the news
that stormy Daniels apparently was
ripped off to the tune of $300,000 or
she
just by her lawyer hanami now as I
tweeted yesterday
I think somebody whoever's writing this
simulation because this can't be real
are we living in a real world or some
kind of a scripted world because the
fact that avenatti who was CNN's
favorite for so long
were turned out to be well maybe
allegedly somebody who steals large
about somebody now he has not been
convicted and he gets his day in court
just like everybody else and by the way
I think that by the time we get the
details of this if I'm being fair I
don't know like to be fair I'll bet the
avenatti has a better defense than
you're expecting so don't be surprised
if none of this turns out to be true
because I think it's going to end up
looking sort of like he didn't know he
was going to get paid and he gave
millions of dollars worth of legal
service and so he just made sure that
the funds that were coming to her went
to him directly so it's not exactly
stealing but maybe he did do something
with a signature that's yet to be proven
so I think you should expect these
stories to start out simple and then
it's gonna get a lot more hazy as we go
but we'll see just the fact that this
story exists at all is hilarious and not
only because avenatti looks like a huge
he looks like well I'm not going to use
that word but there's reasons on that
we're not using it I'll tell you in a
minute but it's interesting that a porn
star would be let's say hmm what's the
right word
you know what the word is let's say what
are the odds that a porn star would be
hmm fill in your own word by somebody
who not only acts like a giant hmm you
know the other word but because he has
his shaved head
he sort of also looks like a giant hmm I
won't use the word
so there's something perfect about that
all right the reason I'm not using that
word is because I found when I tried to
monetize the YouTube channel where these
these periscopes get get downloaded and
turns into YouTube YouTube content as
well so if he does search for real
coffee by Scott Adams or real coffee
with Scott Ames
you'll find my youtube channel that's
the same content about an hour later but
when I monetized it I noticed the
YouTube had a number of my videos
unchecked and they would not monetize
what did they have in common so there
were something like 100 out of 500 of my
videos
YouTube's rules did not let them
monetize it which by the way I don't
object to I think they should have rules
that keep some kind of content from
being mixed with some kinds of
advertisers so no problem with the fact
that they have those rules those are
good rules but guess what content was
not monetized some of them I think
probably had a bad word in them yeah so
I think some of them were because I used
a bad word and I'm okay with that
because actually it gives me a little it
gives me the discipline to avoid those
words because I kind of want to but on
the other hand it's cursing is sort of
part of my personality it's hard to it's
hard to it's hard to act that artificial
if I'm in the moment if I'm in the
moment I tend to you
the words that are most natural to me
and they tend to be those but this extra
bit of discipline might be good for me
they're trying to keep away from it but
the other the other group the largest
group that was not monetized was when I
talked about a certain HOA X which I'm
not going to mention because this one
would get demagnetized so there was a
certain F I and II peop le HOA X there
whenever it was in the title or in the
content they were all demonetised now if
you remember that content most of you
saw it there wasn't anything there there
should have been D monetized there
really wasn't
I didn't use any swearing I didn't call
for any violence nothing like that but
that content is very damaging to a
certain portion of the political world
and it got suppressed now is that a
coincidence or is it just perfectly
understandable because perhaps that
content comes with a certain set of
vocabulary there was seeing Rachel and
that would be good enough reason I mean
just because there was a racial
conversation even though all intentions
were positive it might be there's an
algorithm that's picking up key words of
some sort and says oh there's some kind
of racial component to this and we don't
need that for our advertisers if that's
the reason I'm actually fine with that I
don't have any problem at all
so here's the problem because we're
entering the political season I have
these questions why did my periscope
traffic seem to drop off suddenly at the
same day could be because of content
why did my traffic from LinkedIn to
Dilbert calm which has absolutely
nothing to do with politics except that
my blog lives there so there might have
been some keyword problems there
actually that's probably why but when I
look at that is there was there an
algorithm change
is somebody just preparing for 2020 is
my profile being brought down and by the
way my youtube traffic forget about all
the D monetization my YouTube traffic
just dropped by about 25% suddenly as
well now here's the question could all
of these things be a coincidence and the
answer is yes not a coincidence exactly
but could they have perfectly legitimate
explanations which if I heard them I
would say to myself oh okay you know it
was free speech I didn't say anything
wrong but I do see why this content
doesn't match well with advertisers I
can see that but I don't have access to
that argument I left to guess is there
is there something going on is it a
coincidence that that LinkedIn periscope
and YouTube all showed a dramatic
decline at about the same time somebody
says seasonal could it be seasonal could
it be nothing but the weather getting
better but here's the problem I don't
know and then you look at dave rubin who
is noticing a sharp drop-off in his
traffic to and I think he's wondering if
he's being shadow banned so here's my
point I don't know if any changes have
been made there would be specific to my
to my traffic I don't know and I have no
way of knowing the fact that I have no
way of knowing is absolute ironclad
argument for regulating the algorithms
of the major of the major platforms the
fact that I can't tell is all you need
because if I could tell then maybe there
would be some Thunder debate so you know
something to challenge etc but the fact
that I can't tell is the end of the
conversation if I can't tell and it's
also true that these social media
platforms will be one of the biggest
facts
there's an who is the leader of the
United States I mean that big big stakes
we're talking about war and peace we're
talking about economic development we're
talking about how the the poor are
treated I mean it's the biggest issues
in the world and it kind of comes down
to one of the biggest variables anyway
is the the algorithms and they're
invisible I would say that as long as
the algorithms on social media are
invisible and people who are would say
influential in their own way such as
such as me the fact that we can't tell
what behavior we're doing is making a
difference or if it's a coincidence is
completely unacceptable as a system
forget about me forget about you know
Trump versus anybody you forget about
the specifics of the politics if your
influencers can't tell why their numbers
go down and then they do go down
completely unacceptable the system is a
hundred percent broken and let me let me
let me make sure that I'm saying this as
clearly as possible without that
transparency democracy does not exist
now we're Republic but still there's
democratic elements to the voting etc
but without transparency on the social
media algorithms we don't have we do not
have and we should stop talking as
though we have something like a marker
see something like a republic we don't
we lost it now it could be like I say
there may actually be nothing going on
behind the scenes that I should do
worried about at all in fact there could
be things going on behind the scenes
that are helping me and I don't even
know that but democracy is dead the
Republic is dead it's now something you
have to worry about in the future
it already happened that lack of
transparency is the end of the Republic
that's not that's not an exaggeration is
it you tell me is that an exaggeration
the lack of social media transparency is
the end of the Republic there is some
new source of power and we don't even
know their names it might not be that
they're talking to each other it might
not be that they have a specific agenda
beyond you know the left
they prefer over the right or they don't
like the president it could be living it
it could be something that goes away in
the next cycle possible but the fact
that we don't know is the end of the
United States as it was written up in
the Constitution the founders did not
anticipate the internet if they had I'm
pretty sure they would have written the
Constitution differently actually
literally it would be a different
Constitution I don't know how exactly
but it would be different all right
let's talk about another topic nothing
about that I'm watching Biden strategy
and it's so funny yet nobody's laughing
and I can't tell what's going on so
here's Biden strategy you've got he
wants to contrast himself to Trump so
Trump strategy is make America great
again
and under that umbrella he has he has
things to brag about in terms of you
know we're safer than we've ever been
and the economy is great and he's got
the judges he wants and if you don't yet
cetera so Trump has all these things
that can certainly be sold as
accomplishments Biden has a bunch of
laws that he was involved with and years
ago that people don't like today he's
got a freaking nothing there's just
nothing Joe Biden has to sell as an
accomplishment so he's decided and the
media is treating this like it's smart
here's the funny part
the media is treating this like a clever
strategy
that Biden is simply focusing on getting
rid of Trump instead of talking about
any real topics in detail he does talk
about policies but he tends to he has a
very sharp focus on simply getting rid
of Trump so the setup here is that Trump
is making America great again and even
his critics would argue that America
looks pretty good right now we're
looking pretty good and Biden's approach
is to get rid of that guy who did all
that good stuff you can't make that up
can you think of a worse a worse thing
to focus on than getting rid of the guy
who presided over the most golden period
the United States has ever experienced
in my opinion I mean you're seeing you
know progress against AIDS you're seeing
you know progress against terrorism but
really progress about just about
everything and Biden's with and and
Biden's Biden sales approaches I'm gonna
get rid of all that stuff all that good
stuff you like I'm gonna get rid of that
stuff it's it's laughably ridiculous
now I waited a humorous framing that I
think is so strong it might actually
take Biden and the race if he wins the
nomination and here's the framing a
presidential candidate has to pick a
vice president who looks good as part of
the team and the trick is you want your
vice president candidate to be the
weaker less interesting version of the
candidate for president so just as
Ronald Reagan put the pict boring George
Bush and then when George Bush ran for
president he even though he was a
watered down version of Reagan Reagan
was so popular that even his watered
down version became president but he
could only last for one one term and and
his best buy's president the vice
presidential pick where
the twice watered-down version so you
had Regan was the star he picked a water
down and bush senior to be as VP and
then when Reagan could no longer run for
office because his two terms were up the
the watered down version becomes
president because well you know we
really like Reagan so we'll take the
watered down version - and by the way
Bush he knew was pretty good president
but when he picked his vice president he
had to go one level deeper in the
watering down so boring Bush senior had
to pick somebody more boring than him or
more or less capable some players week
or less interesting and he picked Dan
Quayle now if Dan Quayle had somehow
miraculously become president who would
he pick as his vice president you know
that would be like three levels watered
down it's hard to get less interesting
the less qualified that Dan Quayle so
that would have been fascinating so
Biden has the same problem he is the
watered down version of Obama
the reason Biden it was a perfect
running mate this is good is that he's
more boring than Obama less interesting
seems to be less smart perfect boring
uninteresting relatively solid in terms
of his experience well very solid in
terms of his experience but now who does
Biden pick who isn't more interesting
than Biden think about it it's a real
problem if you're Trump and you've got
you know star power up here you've got
all this room to pick a vice president I
mean you could pick somebody who was
really strong and I think pence is
pretty strong but he's still not even
close to the you know that the wattage
of the president so so you're I'm seeing
some names coming across the screen so
let's say that item picks Kamla Harris
culeros is a little bit younger more
interesting version of Biden if you saw
if you let's say you're a woman were a
minority and you see that Kamala has
picked us and
number two don't you feel like you just
went back to the 70s or whenever there
was geraldine ferraro don't you feel
like wait a minute were the Democrats
what why is the woman person of color
who's been a frickin senator and it was
the right age and doing a good job and
all that why she's second why she's
second I'm she would have a little bit
too much star power so when you say to
yourself oh he has to pick a vice
president who's also popular and you
know looks like they could be President
that's a real problem because if he does
pick somebody like that people are going
to say why do we need the
eighty-year-old president when the vice
presidential pick seems perfectly
capable hi so Louis so watch for that
watch for the Biden vice presidential
pick being a real real challenge because
he's already the watered down version
all right I'm watching the news on CNN
and MSNBC during this period when
there's nothing really bad to say about
Trump they're trying hard but because
the headlines are not serving up any
good stuff they still have to reboard
stuff so here's here here's how they're
trying to make news with words so watch
this trend CNN and MSNBC the ones who do
it the most they they take a story that
if you just described it objectively
there wouldn't be anything interesting
there but when you describe it with your
with your colorful words you turn it
into something that's uncritically
accepted by the audience without any
evidence for it so for example here's
some words from today CNN is reporting
that Pelosi is quote talking about Trump
that she's quote getting under his skin
what's that mean
what does it mean that somebody is
getting under somebody's skin
all we see is politicians who ordinarily
bicker with each other continue to
bicker with each other the way they
always have who gets to say that that's
getting
somebody's skin wouldn't it be more
accurate to say Democrats or the
Republicans say things about each other
there's nothing there's nothing in any
of the headlines that really would
indicate anybody's getting under
anybody's skin so that choice of words
tries to add facts without facts so you
you tend to say to yourself oh oh
there's something special going on here
there isn't there's nothing there's
nothing more personal or more annoying
about each other than there ever was
it's just the same same people arguing
the same way here's some more saying
that the president is quote engaged in a
cover-up
so trying to use the word cover-up to
convey more information than the facts
have the facts are that the President
believes that he has there's no crime
and it's a big waste of time and bad for
the government and bad for the country
and bad for Trump if all he's dealing
with is there's more investigations when
there's already been a pretty big
investigation that found nothing of
legal consequence at least nothing
that's going to affect them and so
calling that a cover-up
is trying to turn it into more than it
is when somebody believes that they're
innocent and they don't want endless and
if somebody doesn't want endless
investigations of themselves what do you
call that person normal right you call
it normal
nobody wants endless investigations that
are just polar politically motivated is
that a cover-up is it a cover-up to not
want investigations for something that's
there's not even a there's not even an
allegation of a crime with any evidence
that would make it a credible or
allegation how about this Chris Hayes
says on MSNBC the Trump quote colludes
with Putin down the open he colludes
with Putin on the open it's that word
collude that turns
something that completely happened in
public and I think he's talking about
the joke that he made and just adding
that word tries to turn him nothing into
her something here's another one it was
at MSNBC or CNN I forget they said that
Trump is showing his contempt for
immigrants now what has from done that
would show you his inner mind that has
contempt for immigrants all he's doing
is his job it's his job to secure the
borders where is this contempt for
immigrants he has a preference for
people who are legal citizens and have
followed the rules that's just sort of
bigger conservative so when you say he
has contempt that of course is the
mind-reading problem and MSNBC twice
used the word tantrum about Trump
walking out of the infrastructure
meeting if you watched the details that
Trump went in and said a few words and
said he wasn't going to have a meeting
because they just keep investigating him
and he can't work with them is that a
tantrum is tantrum the word that
describes what I just said I don't see
any tantrum unless you want to say
everybody's having a tantrum everybody
who's not happy with the situation are
they all having a tantrum so the most
healthy situation you could imagine for
this world is when the news on both
sides are trying to make up words to
turn the complete lack of news into
something interesting and the complete
lack of news is because this president
has largely taken away most of the big
problems it feels like most of them are
handled or on the way to being handled
they're moving in the right direction
takes away all the good news Jeff
Daniels actor Jeff General said that if
gets reelected in 2020 it's quote it's
the end of democracy what does that mean
what does it mean if we have a fair
election and the leader who emerges from
that fair election goes on to lead to
four more years of incredible American
prosperity and then he leaves office
because of course he would he's not
going to hang on to office after a
second term is that really the end of
democracy or is that democracy now the
social media networks will probably
determine who becomes president because
they're smarter than they were in this
last cycle and whatever they are doing
in the last cycle was a little too
obvious and not quite effective enough
do you think that the smartest people in
Silicon Valley did not notice that their
moves against Trump supporters were too
obvious and not effective enough yeah
they noticed they noticed and they will
have had four years to figure out how to
make it less noticeable I'm more
effective the odds of the social media
companies not being able to completely
change the result of this election
Orlov I'm not saying they have a hundred
percent control but I think it's low
odds that they haven't figured out how
to stay under the radar and still affect
the election I would say that that's
almost a certainty Rex Tillerson said
about Trump that in one of their summits
with Putin he said that Putin out
prepared Trump he helped prepared him so
that's another one of these using words
to create news so what does it mean to
be out prepared what did we lose what
was the cost of that how do you judge
how well-prepared simply is how do you
know how well-prepared Putin is I don't
know if you can judge that sort of thing
that's it
saying that Trump was out prepared by
Putin sounds like the sort of thing
you'd see in some boring corporate board
meeting it doesn't it feels like
something that means something but it
didn't translate into anything that I
could notice I mean I just don't know
what that meant how about saying what
went wrong or did he did he do something
that caused somebody to die or the stock
market to go down where where's the meat
what does it mean to be out prepared how
do you how do you measure such anything
so these are the worst problems in the
world right now
in there and they're nothing
I loved Chuck Schumer trying to defend
that the Democrats were serious about an
infrastructure and his argument is he
holds up his document he says I had a
thirty five page document I was going to
give the president 35 pages of how we
want to spend this infrastructure of
money to which I say to myself is the
point of saying that you came to the
president's office
with a thirty five page document was the
point of that to tell me you're an idiot
because if that was the point
message received do you know what you
don't bring to a meeting with the top
executive much less the President of the
United States what you don't bring is a
thirty five page document you know what
else you don't bring a thirty four page
document 33 no 32 no do you get the
pattern that's a lot of pages do you
know it would be the right amount of
document possibly one and that might be
too much maybe one clearly the President
did not call a meeting so he could go
through a 35 page document nor would
anybody really understand it no work nor
would anybody be able to check exactly
you know what they had in mind
so when he sees you were waving his 35
page document everybody who's had any
experience in corporate America is
watching that and saying what's wrong
with him
the president's claim that Schumer was
not really serious about infrastructure
seems sort of bolstered by that thirty
five page document if you know what I
mean now maybe that thing at an
executive summary which would have been
a slightly different story but the way
Schumer is presenting it it's as if the
whole 35 pages have meaning and clearly
that would be the opposite of reality
all right there's a little story about
actor John Cusack he apparently social
media notice that he did not stand at a
Cubs game at Wrigley Field for a bowing
military salute and I guess Boeing
sponsored hit but it was a military
salute and there's a picture of
basically everybody in the whole stadium
standing up and a little picture of him
with his little black hat so he could
pretend to be invisible with a with a
sort of a big lip out he's pouting like
that and then he tried to defend himself
in some weak way and I love the fact
that the Democrats worst representatives
are getting a lot of attention
cusack he he's trying hard to be an
intellectual but he doesn't pull it off
so he looks like an actor acting like an
intellectual but he doesn't you know
nobody wrote his lines for him so he
can't pull it off and and then the you
know Jeff Daniels literally famous for
being the dumb and dumber star
criticizing Trump in a way that just
sounds ridiculous and I want to at least
propose
the following possibility if social
media decides to eliminate or suppress
let's say the most I'll try to use the
word without without bias so I'm gonna
try to carefully pick a word here I'll
say if social media starts blocking or
deep platforming the most let's say no I
don't want to think that word the most
provocative ok yes they if they start
getting rid of the most provocative
people on the right but they keep all of
the wackos on the left it's not going to
help them the way they think it will so
the people on the right we're doing
nothing but the the farthest people on
the right so I'm not talking about you
know Dave Rubin and he wouldn't identify
exactly with the right anyway so I'm not
talking about carpet on them right I'm
not talking about James woods right I'm
not talking about that there they're
pretty much mainstream but James Woods
could get back on you I'm social media
anytime he wants and she's got one tweet
that's the problem
yeah so I'm not talking about mainstream
people but if the like the serious
racists on the right if they get blocked
it's actually going to improve the brand
of those people who did not get blocked
because they will not be you know
conflated with people who are the more
provocative shall we say people on the
right but as long as we're looking at
Jeff Daniels and representative Omar and
and and John Cusack if those are the
people that were paying attention to on
the Left it's going to completely
annihilate their brand because they get
conflated with their worst dumbest
people and the people on the right there
the herd has been called perhaps
illegally perhaps irresponsibly perhaps
unconstitutionally those are interesting
questions but the effect of it will be
that the people
left on the right the people who are
remaining on the right to be more clear
will be the people who don't have the
most provocative reputations so I'm not
sure things are gonna go the way they
hope I wanted to do a follow-up on a
point I mean about socialism the other
day I'm trying to I'm trying to improve
my thinking on this topic so let's try
this out for you
I had complained that when people say
socialism is bad they have trouble
explaining exactly why that is except
that past socialism is caused you know
all kinds of problems that as well as
the problem you know other communist
countries the economies don't work etc
so there's a history of socialism not
working but there's also plenty of
history of where it does so for example
in the United States Social Security and
you know disability and other things are
essentially socialism but they have not
ruined the country we seem to be able to
to handle those things and find value in
them so here's a distinction I want to
try out with you that socialism can work
when the sharing that is the socialism
part happens after the monies made so
that's what social security is you make
some money and then the government
reallocates it and people complain but
the system seems to be fairly generally
working right here's where it doesn't
work when the government takes control
before the money is made and that would
be such as nationalizing corporations
that that's the Venezuela problem if I
understand it correctly if you
nationalize the big oil companies the
big producers your you have socialism
before the money is made and then no
money is made because that the socialism
of owning the assets of production will
absolutely ruin your productivity and I
think
a hundred percent of people would agree
with that statement if you nationalize
private companies you don't have any
hope of them competing in the real world
and it's all going to go to hell people
have too much control corruption will
spread etc so I'm playing with this
distinction because I don't know I don't
know if their holds well but just keep
that in your mind that if the government
takes over private companies that's a
hundred percent failure track that's
Venezuela but when but when the
government helps private companies make
money which would be the Trump
administration they're getting rid of
some regulations they're lowering the
lowering the tax rates you know they're
they're doing things that boost
productivity of the private companies in
the health care area they're giving
they're creating more visibility of
pricing so if your government is
actively boosting private companies but
not trying to take them over that's
pretty healthy that's what we're seeing
that's why they partly why the economy
is doing so well once you've made that
money you have a secondary decision
about what kind of distribution sharing
tax rates social programs makes sense
for all people involved because we all
we're all better off if the people who
are most vulnerable or taken care of so
I'm not saying that universal health
care and Social Security and all those
things are all good all the time and
that there's nothing to worry about them
because they can be expensive they can
get out of control they can have their
own problems however it does seem like a
useful distinction if government gets
involved before the money's made or if
government gets involved after the
money's made and they're helping to
distribute it in a way that helps
everybody that's the difference so good
socialism versus bad socialism but I'd
rather just not use the word socialism I
would I would like to call out
Smith of Fox News now when you hear that
name I know I just triggered a bunch of
you because Shepard Smith tends to be
let's say the least supportive of
President Trump on Fox News but I gotta
tell you I saw a performance by Shep
Smith the other day that was so freakin
capable that I had to call it in I don't
know I guess there's there's they're
probably Emmys or Peabody's or something
what is the award that news people get
because I would like I would like to
sort of publicly nominate him for that
if you saw this you probably were as
depressed as I was so it was the news
that however many days ago it wish there
was a helicopter that went down in the
Hudson now it happened to had that
happened at Shepard Smith's hour or
however long it has but during his time
on the air that happened now he spent
probably more than half an hour talking
without a script in front of this big
this big screen of you know a gigantic
image probably from a drone or a
helicopter of the scene of the rescue
etc and I watched him riff for an hour
and described with word pictures the
entire scene the background the context
he described the tunnels he described
that you know what things look like how
it worked how the people flowed and for
a half an hour
he held court in front of this very well
produced set so and by the way kudos to
whoever produces that segment because
the visuals were a plus is the best
visuals you've ever seen from any kind
of a disaster site the the video was
great they were zooming in they were
zooming yeah it was just great but
watching him do that performance without
a script was amazing it was probably the
best news performance that
performance is the right word I hate to
use that word probably the best news
[Music]
presentation that I've ever seen for an
extended period so kudos did you know I
know I know you've got your problems
with his is not liking Trump as much as
you would like but for a pure talent
that was jaw-dropping I mean I was just
riveted and by the way it also reminded
me of what online education is going to
look like when you saw a Shepard Smith
talking about this news event and the
visuals were just you know a whole wall
of visuals and they were the perfect
ones and he was the perfect presenter he
had the knowledge he had he just had the
whole package it told you what online
education could become if it ever gets
there right now it's just the same
boring teacher that you would have if
you went in person and they're just blah
blah blah on video but if you could
combine that level of visual spectacular
excellence that Fox News did for that
segment at the same time that you don't
have a regular teacher but just the best
teacher you could have someone who can
really just light up the Centers of your
brain and make you not be able to turn
it off those people exist they're just
rare Shepard Smith is apparently one of
them and specifically if you ever get a
chance to see that in replay watch how
he talks in visual terms I mean he just
took you right into a story and you just
lived there for the whole time he was
talking was great alright that's enough
about him see if I covered everything I
wanted to do pom-pom I think I did oh
let's talk about a or C and the freedom
caucus have something to agree on the
freedom caucus being very conservative
group and they oversee being whatever is
the direct opposite apparently they
agree on the question of mass
facial-recognition in public they don't
like it
the far left and the I don't know how
far right there but let's say the right
does not like companies and governments
being able to do facial recognition of
everybody all the time in public here's
my opinion on that doesn't matter if
it's gonna happen anyway I completely
understand why people don't want it's a
strong argument it's an argument that
the left and the right agree with I
completely understand why people don't
want it it restricts you freedom it's
giving up rights in a sense you know you
have something an expectation of privacy
even in public and what I mean privacy
in public I mean that you're anonymous
when you're walking through the crowd I
don't think there's even the slightest
chance that we won't have a universal
facial recognition I just don't see any
chance that's not going to happen
because if you have a security camera
that security footage is going somewhere
maybe it's local but probably more and
more it's gonna be in the cloud so once
that video reaches the cloud is there
really going to be a law that says I
can't run another piece of software
against my own data why not why would it
be illegal for me a private company with
a camera that's on my front door why
would it be illegal to take that video
which is legal and then once I've taken
the video I own it I own the video I can
run other software against that video
what would can you tell me that you
could actually pass a law they would
tell me what software I could run
against my own data keep in mind that my
intentions are not to create any
information that becomes public outside
of my company I'm just looking at my own
data you can't tell me that could ever
be illegal and if you can't get rid of
all the video cameras
I just don't see how you can enforce
such a thing now you also are gonna have
the problem that everybody with a you
know a smartphone
everybody knew some day has glasses that
are recording everything pretty soon
everything's going to be recorded all
the time your self-driving cars are
going to have cameras 360 so if you're
anywhere near a car you're gonna be on
video and a lot of you just walking down
a sidewalk in the future we'll probably
put you on video of every car that
drives by now they don't necessarily
have to save that data but they could so
just like privacy in general do you
remember when we were talking about
seems years ago now when we're talking
about cheese someday the government will
have the ability to monitor all of our
communications and people said we will
stop that we're never gonna let the
government monitor all of our
communications and what do we have now
well we live in the world in which the
government monitors all of our
conversations now that doesn't mean
there's somebody literally watching you
when you're when you're talking it means
that they have access to it if they want
it you know most of us are boring so
they don't they don't care about it but
they certainly can there's nothing to
stop them from getting literally every
conversation you've ever made
electronically they know exactly where
you've been if you had your smartphone
with you and you did of course you had
your smartphone with you so they know
everywhere you've been
they know everything you've purchased
and they know everything you've said if
they care to now let me ask you this
how is your life worse in what ways is
your life worse because the government
has that all that information there
might be reasons I'm not saying there
are no reasons I'm just saying that
whatever you were afraid of those are
probably valid fears but now that we
know what's what the situation looks
like at least at the moment things could
get worse any day but at the moment we
have again somebodies
in the comments did you notice that
terrorism almost went away we hear
stories of people being caught all the
time you know people being entrapped and
people trying to buy buy explosives from
an FBI informant but if you notice that
every time there's a serious threat that
looks like a big plot I'm not talking
about the lone gunman there's still hard
to find but anybody who had a big plot
to blow something up don't they always
end up talking to an FBI undercover
person who's trying to sell them
something it feels like the ESPY FBI
gets inserted every time so does our
complete police state lack of privacy
help us or does it hurt us
well are you presenter die this lack of
privacy I'm sure there have been like
it's a big world with lots of stuff
happening so I'm sure there's somebody
who's been injured by the government
having complete knowledge of its
citizens probably I don't know how I
have been injured I just know that I
feel safer because there's less
terrorism now I I had predicted years
ago many years ago that the increase in
terrorism would result in a complete
lack of privacy I think we're here and I
said that that complete lack of privacy
would actually be a solution to
terrorism they might have its own
problems but it would be an actual
complete answer to terrorism and I think
we're seeing a situation where it looks
like it's a fairly complete answer to
terrorism so we'll see anyway the the
facial recognition thing I think is
going to go the same way
there will be honest smart people who
will fight as hard as they can to stop
it there will be very good arguments for
why we shouldn't have it we will be
outraged there will be possibly protests
in the streets
that is going to happen anyway and after
it happens your life will get better not
worse because here's the thing that
people always forget in the United
States in the United States if a
dictator wanted to grab power we know
where they live there's so much lack of
lack of privacy that we're going to know
a lot about our leaders in fact one of
the biggest problems in the world right
now
is that we know too much about our
leaders because if you know too much
there's always something to complain
about
there's always something you think well
I better look into that mm-hmm if I
didn't know about that I wouldn't worry
about it but the fact that I do know
about it was deeper you're saying that
with Trump especially so my prediction
is this you will have a you need more
complete lack of privacy about what
you're doing where you are and that ten
years in ten years from now there will
be complete facial recognition
everywhere
probably our DNA will be you know used
in ways that you never thought and
information about you and that here's
the strange part and you'll be happier
that's my prediction that you will be
happier as your privacy decreases your
happiness will improve the exception
would be people who voluntarily put
things on social media are going to be a
way less happy because people put bad
things on social media and it kills
their life so that part's going to be
totally bad but those are also
voluntarily things people do voluntarily
all right I understand that so-called
American Isis guy John Walker Lindh he
was a captured Islamic militant who at
age 20 went over to Afghanistan to join
the Taliban to fight against the United
States all right so it's an American
citizen who wanted who literally joined
the Taliban and fought against the
United
States he got a 20-year sentence and got
out early now I ask you is that the
right punishment for somebody who
actually joined an enemy service to kill
Americans that feels like not enough I
mean I'm all for the first step program
and rehabilitating people but shouldn't
there be some different kind of
treatment for people who literally
joined the other side to fight against
you and destroy your country and kill
your people I'm thinking the deaths and
the death penalty wouldn't be too much
but at the very least life and life in
prison now I'm not gonna call for any
violence and nobody here should should
hear it that way well put it in the form
of a question how in the world can this
guy survive in this country I don't know
if he can if he has the does he have the
freedom to just leave the country or is
he still under some kind of you know
justice system restrictions because if
he doesn't leave the country and people
figure out who he is I assume he'll
change his name and try to go to hiding
but it's not gonna work because you know
facial recognition
he's not gonna be able to hide I don't
know how he survives and lives out his
days in a country with so many guns and
so many bad opinions about people like
him I just I feel like he may not be so
happy being led into prison things might
not go his way all right
that's all I got for now and I'm gonna
talk to you later