Oh
[Music]
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in it's time for your
favorite part of the day so far anyway
it's called coffee with Scott Adams it's
an amazing thing it's the best sip of
the day that's exactly right and you're
going to be part of it now yes you are
remember all those times you wish you
had your coffee with you when when I
came on but for some of you this time
you do it might be the first time you've
had coffee for the simultaneous sip it's
gonna be a good one and here it comes
mmm oh that's good simultaneous sipping
piping hot all right we have several
topics let's jump right in
so apparently Oprah has confirmed that
she's not going to run for president she
said that before but it was interesting
the way she put it she actually referred
to her own side as you know moving
moving into a bad area and referred to
her own side as hysteria did I just say
Oprah referred to her own side as
experiencing hysteria
did I say Oprah referred to her own side
as experiencing hysteria now what's
interesting about that is who is more
credible than Oprah nobody nobody you
know and certainly on the left
especially but she might be one of the
most credible people in the world what
what is one of the things that makes her
a credible well I'll tell you she's
smart enough not to run for president
because in her specific case
it would just be a huge mistake I've
said before that even if she thought
personally she was willing to take all
that risk and she says she's not she
would be taking that risk on behalf of
her entire organization that depends on
her for their paycheck and it seemed to
be that she would not throw so many
people under the bus and get them
associated with a political campaign
just by being associated with Oprah
it didn't seem like that was a risk she
would take with people she cared about
and work with and loved and so it's no
surprise because Oprah is very smart so
it's not a surprise when a smart person
does a smarter thing so that prediction
looks right there's a new poll out
showing that the optimism for the future
of this country is up from 47 percent in
2012 to 55 percent yes despite all of
this political blah blah blah all the
infighting all the acrimony all of the
bad feelings that is a really big change
can somebody do the math what's the
difference between 47 and 55 what
percentage increases that I'll see that
y know it's 7 her what percentage is it
so anyway so optimism is way up the
Golden Age is going to be upon us
whether we like it or not
I just retweeted an article in Willett
that hey Santa will let talking about
how well it's an interesting article I'm
just gonna say that if you want to have
a really good read just see what I just
tweeted from quill at okay let's talk
about North Korea
so most of you saw that there NBC I
think was reporting and then maybe Wall
Street Journal but that could have been
based on NBC I'm not sure which reported
that there are multiple intelligence
sources who are traitors because if the
if this really came from intelligence
sources they're kind of operating in a
traitorous way suggesting that North
Korea is continuing to press forward
building their missile sites or their
nuclear capabilities or something like
that and therefore it is evidence that
the president got played he got played
once again didn't he see this coming
it's the same every time and I was taken
by how many ways there are to interpret
the facts that we have before us one way
to interpret it as the anti-trump errs
are doing is that the president is so
down that he didn't know that they're
just playing him for time and they had
no intention of being being legitimate
players the other way to look at this
situation is that our intelligence
sources and NBC have no credibility now
when I say no credibility my critics on
Twitter here he's saying it's not true
no that is not the same as no
credibility no credibility is the same
as no information no information doesn't
tell you something as true or false
it just says I have no information so if
for example somebody said to me I think
Bigfoot is in your garage and I say to
them based on what and they look at me
and they go I don't have any information
but I'm telling you but Bigfoot is in
the garage now in that case do I go look
in the garage to make sure Bigfoot is
there or do I say are you saying there
is no credible information that there's
any Bigfoot in my garage and once there
is no credible information I don't
really have to go look because there's
no information for
were against it it's just a no
information situation so when you hear
that an anonymous intelligence sources
have provided us even with photographs
this is important even with photographs
that North Korea is a proceeding with
their development you should say to
yourself that could be true and it could
be false but we have no information we
have no information telling us it's true
and we have no information telling us
it's false now that's what it means to
have only information which is not
credible
now I said on Twitter which causes
people to chirp quite a bit that in 2018
and let me say this for all of you as
well
photos cannot be trusted in 2018 I'm not
sure when that was first true you know
it didn't it probably didn't become true
in 2018 for the first time but I would
say in 2018 a photograph of an event or
even even a video of the event can no
longer be trusted doesn't mean it's
false doesn't mean it's true I'm just
saying that video and photos are no
longer credible information because
we've all seen too many examples in
which they've been fake they've been
taken from the wrong angle
they've been edited they've been altered
it's from a different year etc so we see
Pompeyo going over to North Korea to see
what's what let me ask you this if the
US government knew that North Korea was
just flat-out cheating would Pompeo make
a personal visit
maybe but less likely let me talk about
a theory that Gordon Chang one of the
one of the very few credible voices
about any
happening in China or North Korea and he
speculated that there's one explanation
they can't be ruled out he's not saying
it's true
again not saying this is true or false
but you can't rule it out and it's this
that Kim is not in charge or at least
not completely in charge now the
evidence for that would be as follows
there have been apparently quite a few
executions of people in the military
which suggests that the military and the
leadership are not always on the same
page because you don't really execute
people who are on the same page right so
there's some kind of division there
remember when Kim's brother-in-law was
murdered what's a better explanation for
that than Kim killed his own
brother-in-law which is entirely
possible by the way so I'm not ruling
out or in that Kim killed his own
brother-in-law but it all turned into
exploration is that his generals killed
him because he knew too much and he was
leaving with the wrong story possible
again Carol didn't can't rule it out but
it's consistent with the thought that
the military is in charge now what why
would the military have a different
interest than Kim let's game this
forward let's say that Kim Jong hoon was
a credible real player let's say that he
was honest in his desire to reunify
North and South Korea and let's say he
was a legitimately wanted to let's say
rebuild rehabilitate his own reputation
and come out of this reunification
however long it takes could be years and
come out of it with a respected position
in which he's not in danger and he's
maintained some kind of some kind of you
know credibility in power power this
case might not be governmental
or but just position power sort of thing
now it's possible the Kim could be
completely legitimate and you know what
the problem is problem is that if you
open up North Korea and communication
starts coming in and out more freely
that the work of his generals is going
to become known if his generals are
outed by just better communication the
people complaining about what the
generals did the the world finding out
about it would any kind of amnesty or
deal that Kim makes for himself and his
family would it apply to all of these
generals who have done things that
they're going to have to pay a price for
that would be hard so you could imagine
the situation in which Kim is
negotiating a good situation for himself
and his family that would not extend to
the generals and if that's the case what
would the generals do would they say
well that's great for you leader but
we'll all be killed if you make the deal
that you're trying to make I don't think
they would go along with it I believe
that the generals would almost have to
find a way to kill the deal what would
be the best way to kill the deal do
something you can see from outer space
that look like you are continuing to
make your your rockets or whatever so
it's entirely it's entirely possible
that there are two factions or more
within North Korea that are not on the
same page that's entirely possible
how would do we know that well with that
would be tough to know at this point so
if you were to look at the possibilities
for why we see what we we see I see at
least four four hypotheses or four
theories in a non-scientific sense one
is that North Korea is just be in North
Korea again
make some promises buy some time just
keep doing whatever you're doing
so that's possible number two it could
be that that the pictures are just lies
coming from our own you know our own
security intelligence folks because they
want to kill the deal either so they can
sell more arms start a war Depot as
President Trump or whatever all right
now given that the axe head of the CIA
Brennan clearly is anti Trump we assume
there are other people in the
organization who might be in tight rump
we know NBC is anti Trump so the
pictures could just be fake could just
be fake so that's option number two
option number three is that North Korea
is not one voice and that the generals
may be rebelling because they don't have
a way out whereas Kim might Kim might
have a way out in which he comes out
okay with a reunified North Korea
the generals may not have the same out
and then there is a fourth possibility
which is the most ordinary so what would
be the most ordinary explanation for why
the North Korea keeps building can
anybody give me before I tell you let's
see if you can come up with it what
would be the most ordinary yeah a
negotiation tactic what is North Korea
doing right now they are negotiating
what do you do when you negotiate you
negotiate right what have North Korea
and South Korea so far given each other
in terms of what they've each given
nothing right
yeah if you listen to the anti-trump
IRB's they'll say by god we've given
them everything we gave them a meeting
we give them respect
we took our we took our we stopped doing
our our you know military games on the
the border they've gotten everything and
then if you talk to the pro Trump people
they'll say look Kim's
agreed to give us some remains he's he's
playing what playing nice he's agreed to
talk he's agreed to denuclearize look at
all the things we've gotten let me let
me summarize both of those sides
neither side gave anything because you
haven't given somebody something if you
can take it away like that how hard
would it be for President Trump to take
away the respect that Kim jong-un just
got by having this meeting how hard
would it be from to take it away it'll
be easy
all right how hard would it be for
president Trump to reinitiate the the
war games on the border
well easy in the summer we weren't
having them anyway so literally nothing
has happened we could just do them again
in the fall like it was planned in the
first place we've done nothing why has
North Korea done on their half to
actually denuclearize well they blew up
something that didn't matter apparently
so they've done nothing so they've done
nothing for us that really matters we've
done nothing for them that either
matters or we can't take back like that
if somebody gives you something that
they can take back anytime they want
have they given you something if I give
you $100 and I say hey here's $100 but
whatever you do you can't spend it now
whenever I asked for it back you have to
give it back did I give you $100 no
you're just holding it for me you're my
free bank so at this point both sides
are just the free bank for the other one
nobody's given a frock I'm sorry nobody
has given a single thing to the other
side because both sides can take back
anything that they've given in our be
nothing has been given and that's fine
it's fine that nothing's been given
because that's where we are in the
conversation it's just about where it
should be so the most ordinary
explanation for why North Korea
continues to build their facilities is
that we're still negotiating it would
perfectly reasonable for them to say you
haven't agreed to give us security
guarantees and we haven't agreed to stop
your building our facilities but we've
promised that if you do your part we
will do our part but if you're not doing
your part you have not given us security
guarantees you haven't heard that right
have you heard anybody give them actual
security guarantees you haven't you've
only heard that it's in the conversation
so we're right where we should be with
North Korea so I wouldn't make a big
deal about that let's talk about the
Supreme Court Pink's the MIAA remains
released I my understanding is that that
was exaggerated and there there may not
be any remains that that they've found
so I think that story you need a little
more that's sort of a wait-and-see on
the remains Supreme Court pick so one of
the Supreme Court possibilities is Amy
Kody Barrett and this part is just
hilarious so the biggest issue for the
Supreme Court of course that everybody
is yammering about is abortion and the
the abortion question which of course is
more associated with women and the
Republican Party it's brand is you know
sort of moving away from women according
to the other side and the Democrats are
really the party of women in a sense
they're very very more women focused
than the Republican Party is and so
they're already afraid have you seen the
preemptive stories so that the the
anti-trump errs are trying to get ahead
of the story because they can see a
coming like a locomotive yeah it's like
you're standing in this tunnel and
you're saying you're thinking to
yourself oh cool I'm in this tunnel so
I'm safe from the rain and the Sun
a very safe in this tunnel then all
sudden you see this light go Boop coming
toward you in the tunnel and you realize
you're in the train tunnel and you see
out and you're too far into the tunnel
to get out and you're gonna be killed by
the train as sort of what the Democrats
are feeling right now because if he does
the obvious and they're expecting him to
do the obvious the obvious in this case
is you go for the young female I hate to
say it I hate to say this next part but
it's part of the story attractive
attractive person you complete a mother
of seven I didn't know that but that's
even better
it completely dfangs to the other side
yeah and then they've also got the
Catholic thing there etc so the the
truth is that attractive people are
harder to reject in every context nah
I'm not saying the world is fair I'm not
saying that's the way it should be I'm
saying people are biased in favor of
attractive people
now I also don't want to be unkind but
have you seen the pictures of the other
people who are being being considered
you know that the shortlist people are
saying the four people on the shortlist
you've got one Amy
Kony Barrett who again I'm not saying
the world should be this way I'm just
saying it is this way it's very
attractive have you seen the other
people on the list I don't mean to be
unkind it's just part of the story let's
just say among the other three
candidates
there's no Neil Gorsuch in the group if
you know what I mean I think you know
what I mean
Neil Gorsuch in addition to being
apparently a very capable jurist he's a
good-looking guy
he's a good-looking guy you know he is
he's a good-looking guy and I know you
don't want this to be true but it
matters it does matter in the real world
people are biased by Lux period
male/female both both cases people are
biased by looks Gorsuch is a
good-looking guy
he be Cody Barrett is a good-looking
woman and even the Congress will be
influenced by that it does matter you
don't want it to matter I don't want it
to matter because I'm not a good-looking
guy I would love it if suddenly hey you
know what everybody's loving the bald
guys with glasses your your rocking is
Scott I would love that world but I
don't live in that world
I live in the real world where people
who are tall and young and good-looking
matter so it's too early to say that
Trump will pick Amy Kony Barrett but the
left can see that train coming Birkin
out of the way
no he's doing the only thing he's doing
the only thing we hate no don't pick the
woman it's too easy
oh all right so I don't know enough
about each of these candidates to make a
prediction that he'll pick her because I
would I'm under informed about all the
variables involved here but from the
point of view of what would be the
greatest persuasion play there it's
there's no competition the best
persuasion play when the biggest
question is abortion is the woman who is
good-looking young Catholic has seven
kids and you know and the young part
means they should be on the on the core
for a longer period I don't know how you
don't pick that one if you assume that
all the people are roughly even in
capabilities
um I think you picked that one she
adopted two kids from Haiti
oh it just gets better are you serious
she adopted two kids from Haiti I didn't
know about that if that's true good luck
for those other guys who were in the who
are in the Final Four all right I'd like
to do and act in one play featuring a
character you may have heard of his name
is Dale and this will be a debate
between Dale and me I'm the question of
children in cages and it goes like this
and this may be a play that you've
actually seen on television before it's
a little bit derivative in the sense
that you know you may have seen it on
all the news programs but it goes a
little like this you monsters you need
to get the children out of the cages and
reunite them with their families well
that's right Dale I completely agree
with that 100% I do not like children in
cages and we should we should do what we
can to reunify them and get them all
together did you hear me I said you have
to get the children out of the cages and
reunify the families your monster what's
happened to here Dale I just agreed with
you and not only that but Republicans
agree with you and the president has
actually signed an executive order
giving you exactly what you're asking
isn't that not good enough we're going
to the streets but we're going through
the streets we are gonna fight this
through the end we will we will do what
we have to do against you monsters
what's happening here Dale I'd keep
agreeing with you and you keep acting
like you're protesting me are you now
protesting your agreement with me it's
not happening fast enough it's not there
still children in cages are there not
can you deny that there are children in
cages I'm not denying that there was
true under Obama and then the problem
got worse because more people came and
it takes a while for the facilities to
be built but Dale you understand that
the alternative might be to turn them
back to a situation because we don't
have enough facilities in the short term
we're trying to get them as quickly as
possible but you understand that just
releasing them might result in the death
and rape of the children you're trying
to protect what there are gauges there
engages you let's get them out of cages
we're protesting again Dale we
completely agree no kids in cages know
who's separating families we're working
as hard as we can to make that happen
will you take yes for an answer it's on
protest everybody get your clubs and if
you see any of those proud boys maybe
stay away from those guys but everybody
else you can club club them hard because
children in cages and see you know when
I get my acting acting buzz on now I'm
not wrong am I am I wrong that the right
is protesting something that they got on
the first try somebody somebody's name
here is Dale hello Dale this is always
the same tissue this this actually isn't
a tissue for those of you who are new to
this this is actually a glove or a half
a glove it's a half a glove this is my
well used half a glove then is actually
a full glove that I cut the fingers off
of that I use for drawing
because when I'm using the stylus on my
computer screen my hand is on the
computer screen and to keep the oils of
your hand off it and that is certain at
a certain temperature your hand doesn't
move smoothly across the screen so it's
just a workaround is it always the same
glove every once awhile this one gets
overused and I just make a new one
I've got I've got a bag of gloves that I
cut the fingers off every now and then
yes my drawing glove it's funnier if
Dale is Kleenex I know I have I I have
used the Kleenex before when the glove
was not handy so that's true
it works better when I sit screen right
yeah you're right I should get a bag of
dales I do have a bag of Dales
they're in the closet right back there
it's a whole bag of Dale all right
how are the gloves in cages I think
that's it for now
and I will talk to you all later