bum bum bum bum bum bum bum BA bum bum
bum well yes I'm on very early today
some of you will have to wake up and get
your coffee with Scott Adams on delayed
replay yeah we got some early sipping
going on for the early birds it's worth
it to wake up early because those who
wake up early sometimes sometimes they
get coffee with Scott Adams and they get
the simultaneous up live although on
replay it's pretty darn good but here we
go
mmm so I'm doing a little traveling
today so I needed to get on here so that
you would not wake up and say hey what's
wrong with my day I don't see the
simultaneous up well here I am so I had
one topic primarily I wanted to talk
about today I was watching CNN yesterday
and I noticed them the way they're
framing the children in cages story now
they're framing this was I was watching
Anderson Cooper's show is that Jeff
Sessions admitted that the
zero-tolerance rule was for what's the
word where you're trying to discourage
crime in the future there it's too early
in the morning tell me the word for
discouraging crime what's the word for
that so Jeff Sessions says yes we made
the rule change of zero tolerance to
discourage future crime deterrence yes
as a deterrence now because part of that
resulted in children being separated for
from their parents and put it in cages I
say cages the way the CNN's is framing
that is that the administration decided
to put children in cages as a deterrence
now here's the first problem
all crime at least all current laws are
deterrence so when someone asked hey
Jeff session are you doing this as a
deterrent the answer it should have been
is it a law because laws are deterrence
that's what they do you know focusing on
the child part it's a little bit unfair
even though that's the part we care
about all right now somebody online have
referred to me as an apologist for the
administration for pointing out that the
decision to separate the families had to
be compared to the alternative that's
all I did so I said you have to compare
it to the alternative the alternative is
that the the kuroh situation was
encouraging traffickers and whatnot to
take kids that were not there's pretend
the kids were theirs and then get into
the country and be left free because
there weren't enough facilities told
them together as families so when I
describe it to people I say you realize
your eyes that there were two choices
either letting them stay together which
would encourage traffickers and led
traffickers get away with it the ones
that were already coming through so the
the decision was as I understand it that
you either have some hopefully temporary
pain psychologically for the kids that
were separated from families versus
giving traffickers free rein and letting
kids be raped and killed
now maybe 5% of them might have been in
that category maybe 10% we don't really
know are in the category of kids that
were not with real parents and were in
actual you know mortal danger or at
least physical danger and so I said well
it was the adult decision was to do
something that absolutely was bad for
families and children coming over
there's no doubt that that's bad and
nobody defends that but had to be
compared to the alternative which was
children being raped that was the
alternative so the adult frame on this
is that you had two terrible choices the
administration chose one and I think
it's fair to say if you wanted to argue
the other side I'm not sure you'd be
wrong because you'd have to size the
mental distress so if you said there's
so much mental distress separating the
families that it's worse for the kill
the children in total then for those
five or 10% to be brutally victimized
maybe I mean depends how bad the
psychological trauma is I haven't seen
any data on that but that would be a
reasonable opinion all right I could
disagree with it I could agree with it
but at least it would be an opinion but
here's here's the thing why do I get
called an apologist for saying there's a
cost and the benefit and the
administration looked at them and they
think they took the one that's the the
better deal given the alternatives and
the child view is that there are no
alternatives there's just one bad thing
and you shouldn't do it that's how
children look at things why can't I have
candy well it's almost time for dinner I
want candy but you won't have an
appetite for dinner
you need your nutrition I want candy so
most of the people who are against the
administration are taking the I want
candy side which is just completely
ignoring that there are costs and
benefits for every decision and if you
haven't talked about both of them you're
not really the adult in the conversation
so here's my suggestion for those people
who say why are you defending the
administration putting kids in candy
kids in cages the first response is
nobody defends that nobody thinks it's a
good idea for kids to be in cages or
separated from adults nobody thinks sort
of in the general sense nobody thinks
that's a good idea
but it's the adult decision compared to
the alternative and if you prefer the
alternative to the kids in cages and
again we're talking about the short run
and the long run I think everybody is
happier that that situation gets
resolved took took more resources than
they had took a while to ramp up you
should have been faster everybody would
agree even the people doing it probably
would agree I wish we could do this
faster but I would say that the people
who were on the other side of the
administration are wait for it child
trafficking apologists right your if you
can be an apologist on one side you can
kind of be an apologist on the other
side because apologist is one of those
words where you try to win the
conversation by putting the better word
on it you know there are costs which you
can describe there are benefits which
you can describe and then you can see
which is bigger but trying to label it
with the word it's like oh you're an
apologist that's just trying to win with
a word you haven't added anything
there's no reason in apologist both
sides are the apologist in this case
somebody is a be an apologist for kids
engages which is nobody really because
there's literally zero people who want
to put children in cages and the other
side is the apologist for child
trafficking even though they're not
right I mean it's just a point the point
here is that it's such an illegitimate
way to present the news completely
illegitimate and by the way the argument
I just gave you which is that separating
them is necessary to reduce the
victimization of the children you don't
even see that on CNN like I watched for
a while and I didn't see even anybody
even mentioned that that was the point
of it all right
did somebody say Tommy Robinson was
freed from jail I haven't seen that
story I haven't checked the news yet how
many of you saw the little clip of
President Trump at the rally during his
impression of acting presidential if you
haven't seen it it's worth watching he
does this great impression of a
president now what could be funnier than
watching a president an actual sitting
president during a live stage impression
of a sitting president this is funny
stuff and he did it well like it was
actually a very funny impression it
looked like it was off the cuff I don't
think he didn't I don't think he'd ever
practiced that before and I thought he'd
nailed it and on the humor level forget
about the politics just on a human level
it was really well executed if somebody
said so in the same program I was
watching Anderson Cooper show it
mentioned that the president's rally
claims so the facts that he claims in
his rallies that 75% of them don't pass
the fact-checking now they say that in
the context of just presenting those
children and caged things which was
totally fake news now it's fake news not
because they got any facts wrong it's
fake news because they presented it in a
intentionally misleading fashion I call
that fake news if it's obvious as being
in it's being presented with their key
facts in this case the alternative to
putting the kids in the cages if you
don't present that that's not real news
that's that sort of fake news you know
we talked about the 3d guns am I wrong
to say that the 3d guns only fire one
shot it looked like they look like they
would only be built to handle one shot
sort of like a prison zip gun or
something like that one two three do you
have to put in one bullet at a time
though right
who the hell is going to print a gun
that's the worst gun in the world when
you can just buy a gun well I've got a
feeling though that everything we're
worried about these plastic guns it
might be some kind of a super future
thing where they can actually make a
decent gun but at the moment I don't see
anybody yeah you're saying you hit man
I'll bet you even a hit man would not
use a plastic gun you know why because
it only shoots one bullet and it might
not work you know it suppose you plant
you print your plastic gun and then you
say I'd better make sure this works and
then you shoot it does that mean it's
going to work a second time I don't know
because that bullet moving through the
chamber probably changed the nature of
the gun if it's plastic so I don't know
that a professional hitman is going to
use a plastic 3d printed gun and if he
does there's probably a way to detect
don't you think there's a way to detect
that the gun was made on a 3d printer
and and if so it automatically limits
the number of people who could have made
that gun and used it so feels to me that
if you want to be if you want to be off
the radar you don't want to have an
internet record showing you downloaded
the plans for a 3d gun I suppose you
could get somebody else to do it but
you're still leaving a trail that I
don't know good hit man wants to leave
that trail print to guns but you don't
know if the second one works you can't
really be sure I'm just saying that if
you're a professional hitman you don't
want to use the bad gun it's easier to
get one that's just you know shave off
the serial number I would think I'm no
hit man but I would think that's the way
it works all right plus the guns are
illegal and have been yeah it's illegal
but if you can download them people are
going to have them all right that's
enough on plastic guns I probably need
to get going here pretty soon
got hit the airport I've got a trip and
James gun it's funny that so many things
in the news have to do with a gun
James gotten plastic gun somebody got
shot with a gun
Isis has guns all right it's time for
the simultaneous it somebody asked about
Bill Polti and I will tell you that
there are some exciting things happening
there that we'll talk about very soon so
you're gonna hear about that very soon
and think about ideas for those blighted
areas that have been clear that's all
I'm going to say for now just think
about some ideas if you have something
that might matter later all right
a cost of getting shouted down yeah so
we all saw probably most of you saw the
clip of Jim Acosta appearing at the
Trump rally he was trying to do his live
remote and the Trump crowd around him
was chanting CNN sucks and traitor and
stuff like that but the funny thing is
if you looked at the faces of the crowd
correct me if I'm wrong but they look
like they were just having fun
did it look too dangerous even a little
bit like you the the people chanting
were like a CNN sucks CNN sucks I think
what the left doesn't understand is the
extent to which the right is in on the
joke you know that the were tough and
you know CNN sucks and all that of
course is based on truth you know people
actually do feel that way but the
chanting and the the stuff and the
attacking the media it's not quite as
serious as people are making it out to
be it's just not that serious
now I had a thought about the midterm
turnout I'm not sure how dominant this
thought will be so there's a persuasion
element hanging over the election the
mid
an election now it won't be as big as
all of the other factors like how was
the economy doing and what's the
specific matchup in a less de but I
haven't heard anybody talk about it and
it goes like this
I think this will be the first time
you've ever heard this from anybody this
next election is going to remind us
deeply of 2016 and the presidential
election right nobody's going to go to
the elections election polling booths
for the midterms without in their head
holding this thought about the 2016
presidential election for Republicans
that day was one of the best days ever
let's say just the Trump supporters it
was one of the best days ever
correct so far correct right Republicans
are going to remember that day and and
the midterm will remind them of that and
they'll think that was like the best
time ever
I sure would like to do that again I'd
like to have that best day again
now the people on the left the true
painters of course are there incented by
their hate but here's the thing their
memory of the last election is a bitter
taste so forget about the logic of it
where they might say hey we want to go
and have a good turnout and we would
like to vote our people in and then
we'll get our policies people are not
really that kind of people we're kind of
emotional you know creatures that are
reminded by things and we associate
things and we feel things and we
remember things that were unpleasant and
those things really drive us to some
extent so the people who are the
anti-trump errs who had the worst
election night ever are they gonna want
to repeat that because it involves them
going to the elections place the polling
places voting coming home and watching
TV and then just being crushed so do you
do things again if you've been crushed
the last time you did them now if you
are logical you'd say well yes you would
if
time the votes were not in your favor
you would try twice as hard to vote this
time you try to get your friends to vote
you'd get everybody to vote logically
that's exactly what you do
but how do you feel I'll tell you how
the Trump Republicans are gonna feel
they're gonna feel you know that last
election day that was frickin amazing
let's do that again and the the people
who are on the losing side of the elect
the presidential election are going to
say I didn't like it last time like I
seriously didn't like it last time I'm
not sure if I could go through with it
even knowing that my vote would count
because I just don't want to be part of
the crushing defeat again you know it
feels the same it feels like the polls
are telling me my side is gonna win but
what if I go there and I vote again and
at nine o'clock at night see you then
tells me my side lost how is that gonna
feel might keep people home I don't know
so there they're far more variables than
just that one but I haven't heard
anybody talk about that one and I would
say it's in the top five you know of big
variables that will make a difference
probably in the top five that said I'm
not deeply invested in whatever happens
in the midterms because I think this
specific president might do fine with a
mixed mix Congress you might be able to
make some deals it might actually work
in his favor I just don't think you can
go from you know we don't want it to
it's a disaster if it happens those
things are not necessarily connected you
could you could not want it but also not
know if it's good or bad on let's talk
about health care I think the let me
just check the time here I've got a
little bit time I think health care you
is a strong strong position for the the
left and that they they're smart to ride
that because it's sort of the free money
who doesn't want free money for the
people who don't have health care it
looks like free money so that seems like
a pretty motivating thing it's like
voting yourself a raise basically I
think the right needs to do a better job
of highlighting the technology I saw and
and how regulations affect things I just
tweeted a story about a doctor who
wanted to have his own I think it was an
MRI in his own practice but he couldn't
do it because there's a law that says
only the hospital can do it did you know
that there's some stupid law at least
some in the one state that said that
only the hospitals can have the the big
machines and therefore it would cost you
thousands of dollars for what the doctor
would happily charge you five hundred
dollars for and probably that's
multiplied by thousands of things that
are that stupid imagine if you will a
Republican health plan that says let's
use competition let's use new technology
let's see if we can organize all these
new technologies into some kind of a you
know a package of low-cost health care
maybe it's only for poor people maybe
it's only for people paying cash you
know there may be a million ways to
slice this but it seems to me that the
Republicans are not are not they're just
not playing in this game and it's so
easy all they'd have to do is push the
technical and and rule change get rid of
some regulations have more competition
you could come up with a package of how
to move forward towards something like
full coverage of healthcare without
doing any kind of a tax-and-spend
single-payer thing if you wanted to and
I'm puzzled why the administration isn't
pushing that is it's like low-hanging
fruit it's right there it's free all
right what the White House is rolling
out with health care plans somebody said
I don't know that but
look for that and I will talk to you all
later
gotta run bye