hey
everybody do I look discombobulated like
I'm not as prepared as I should be well
you're
correct you are
correct but soon I will be all
good and you'll be so glad you're
here so happy you will be all right let
me make sure I can see your comments be
set up in a moment
all right
locals all right everybody after the
live stream today uh Owen Gregorian will
be doing a spaces so if you want to talk
about anything you heard or anything
else I guess um look for the spaces by
Owen after the
show Good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cup or muger a
glass of tanker gells a Stein a canteen
jger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoy me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine did of the day the thing
that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip it
happens now
go oh well I thought it was Sunday until
just
recently I've been told it's
Saturday do do we have agreement on that
today is
Saturday all right good good we're
starting out with complete
agreement I do not like the all right
that's
better let's fix
that all right first of all a minor
announcement um I'm going to try to
use well two things I'm going to try to
curse Less in the coming year I won't
call it a resolution but year end's a
good time to start and if I do I'm going
to use AI to remove the curse
words so YouTube will first you know
it's live streaming so any curses will
be in there but we can quickly replace
them there are several AI programs that
you just run the video through and it
takes out the curse
words so we're going to play with that I
don't know if that'll work but in theory
you should be able to get a curse-free
version of everything at least on
YouTube um and then I suppose we could
load that up to locals as well
all
right um apparently some researchers are
building an AI system to talk to
animals and why it matters is because
the it could Aid human knowledge of our
world okay okay talking to animals
that's good but it could provide a
compelling case for giving animals
broader legal
rights so do you want to live in that
world where the animals can talk so they
start pestering for for broader broader
rights you know it's bad enough that
your job is being taken from somebody
from another country do you want to lose
your job to a A fet or a giraffe or
something no much worse we don't want
our animals to talk they'll be taking
our jobs I'm just joking they're not
going to take your jobs but we'll talk
about that other
thing so yeah I want that so I can talk
to my
dog meanwhile according to CBS News
homelessness jumped 18% this year and
they say it's uh the title says it's
driven mostly by lack of affordable
housing how do you think they know that
so they're quite confidently claiming
that Homeless is up 18% now that part
they can really just count you know it
misses the people who are you know
homeless but staying with a friend
but the actual outdoor homeless they can
just count it and it's up by 18% but
then they go it's mostly because of a
lack of affordable
housing how do they know that do you
believe that they did a survey of just
the people who were added to the
homeless to know that just the increase
was mostly people who couldn't afford
houses do you think they did that no I
don't I think they just wrote a headline
and said huh homelessness is way up and
also rents are high yeah it must be
because the rents are high it might
be but everything we've seen
historically is that when you go to this
same group of people and you say hey I
got a deal for you uh we will subsidize
your indoor living you you're you're now
saved you can leave the streets you're
not homeless anymore we'll pay for it
and then they say uh but do I have to
follow your rules indoors well I mean
you have to be like a regular person
yeah so I can't be smoking meth and
doing fenel well we'd rather you didn't
do that well then I think I'd rather
just stay
outside so the people who have mental
problems and the people who are drug
addicts they're not Outdoors because
there is no way to be indoors even if
somebody else pce for they're Outdoors
cuz all things considered they prefer it
so do you think CBS News simply guessed
what the reason is or did they do a
survey that they didn't mention in the
article now if they mentioned it I
didn't see it so how could you make a
claim like that without referencing how
you came up with
it so they could be right I just don't
think that they did any any research to
know if they're
right um as you know Trump has asked the
Supreme Court to delay the start of the
Tik Tock ban do you remember when you
said to me not you but people said to me
um that Tik Tock should not be banned
because of free
speech and I said but China can
manipulate it so that's a big risk well
how big of a risk is it well you know
the two things to say number one if
Trump um gets his way I think a
conservative group of investors will by
Tik Tock can you imagine a world in
which X is owned by musk and
hypothetically Tik Tock gets bought by
some American right leaning
entity that would give the political
right or at least at least the
reasonable
middle um a lot of clout it seems like
and it would reduce the risk of China um
manipulating but is there really a risk
that China
good old China is there really risk that
they would do some sneaky thing with an
online thing come on come on it's China
has China ever done anything that would
make you suspect if they had some weapon
they could use in the cyber world would
they use it of course not there's no
evidence whatsoever that China has any
interest in bothering us with any
cyber wait my next story is uh
apparently China has penetrated all of
our inter telecommunications networks uh
with a Cyber attack called salt typhoon
and they just totally attacked our ninth
us Telecom company hackers have access
to your private text calls and even
identified the owners of targeted
devices um so yeah apparently China has
penetrated all of our American important
infrastructure
let me say it
again China already
controls all of our digital
infrastructure meaning that they can
turn off anything in our country that's
big and
matters all of
it and when I say they made these
attacks your your common sense is
telling you oh they made an attack and
then we we found it and then we got rid
of them you know it's just it's just
whacka all but you know occasionally
they'll get through and then you get rid
of them no that's not what happened what
happened is China burrowed into these
companies and they're there
permanently meaning we can't find them
and we can't get rid of them they have
permanent control over all of our
important networks for
everything why well Christopher Ray says
that their cyber efforts are 50 to1
bigger than us and they're absolutely
determined own everything in the United
States in terms of the controlling our
cyber infrastructure and they've already
done it it's not a future risk they
already own
us now the part we don't know is is
there mutually assur destruction meaning
is America in all of China's important
systems well I hope so I hope so but I
don't know and I think the only thing
that keeps us from a catastrophic you
know total cyber crash that we can't
recover from is that we do the same to
China because we would know it was them
so we we'd pay them back and they can't
afford that so it's mutually assured
destruction the cyber cyber warfare has
reached the level where the only thing
that keeps you from doing the the
biggest of the attacks where they really
try to take down the network the only
thing keeping it from happening is that
we do it to them that's it we don't have
any defense against it um so there's
that China of course denies involvement
but here's what one expert said
apparently there's some new updated
guidance from the Department of Homeland
Security that just has one little scary
line in it that says they discourage
companies from using uh two-part
authentication by
text you know when you're signing up for
something it says we'll text your phone
to make sure it's really you
the Department of Homeland Security says
that's not safe because your text
messages are being read by China so
two-party authentication is not
safe now it that should tell you
everything you know if if China can read
all of your text
messages and has some kind of control
over your second party authentication
they're into everything there wouldn't
be any ction I don't think so there's
that that's according to the AP news and
fox uh Mexico built an app for the
potential Deportes in this country so if
you're a Mexican non non-american
Citizen and you're at risk of being
deported Mexico wanted to give you an
app so that as soon as you found out you
were going to get arrested if you knew
in advance you could push a button and
it would warn uh at least your family
but it would warn other people
uh as the amuse account on X points out
that
uh might be one thing they didn't think
about apparently this app gives the
gives the American government the
ability to find all of the
non-citizens because you could just
figure out who has the app and then you
can figure out their location and just
go pick them
[Laughter]
up now I'm not sure I have the whole
story it it might be that it's not that
simple but don't you believe our
government could with some legal
authority figure out you know where any
kind of phone made by an American
company you know what the app is and
what the GPS is and so I I don't know
that this is completely true so there
might be a little more to it that I
don't know but I if it's true it would
be funny that the Mexican Government
created an App that the United States
used to find all the illegal all the
illegal
people
anyway um Jonathan Charle points out
that the media is as he says struggling
to ignore the corruption of the Biden
scandal by insisting there's no evidence
I saw this live when it happened and I
just shook my head so Abby Phillip on
CNN who's a promoter of the fine people
hoax if that you know if you want to
know who she is if I tell you she's a
big promoter of the fine people
hoax that's everything you need to
know but she said the other day maybe
yesterday um I'm still waiting to see
the proof of Joe Biden enriching
himself uh I I take I take it that his
brothers and Son perhaps made some money
blah blah blah and Jonathan
toly's uh informing us that if you
enrich your family members that's still
the crime family right if if Joe Biden
did something that made his brother and
his son rich or just made money that's
still the same crime it doesn't matter
if he personally got it but he also
personally got
it if you ask me this is the most well
documented series of events in America
we know exactly what Hunter Biden did we
know who Joe met with we know when we
know the entire flow of money from you
know uh let's say dark Chinese sources
right through the the shell accounts and
right into Joe Biden's pocket we know
all of it the only reason that we're
sort of ignoring it is that there are
people like Abby philli who want to
pretend that somehow there's nothing
there but they have to do that because
they also pretended they couldn't tell
that he was he had
dementia so imagine the imagine the
situation with the the fake
news that they're just being beaten up
like crazy just be getting beaten up for
hiding the fact that Biden was obviously
you know not mentally
capable and now they're also hiding the
fact that that the Biden crime family
was not just a thing it's the most
well-documented thing we've ever seen
ever it's so well documented
yeah so if they if they have to admit
that they intentionally ignored all the
solid evidence of you know the Biden
crime family that's on top of ignoring
the other massively obvious thing that
he had mental decline so I can see why
they dig in and not have a second thing
but how are they doing uh let's see how
are the ratings let's see the AP reports
uh you know in the Gateway pundit was
talking about this that uh MSN
BC um was down 54% from
pre-election uh CNN is down 45% from
pre-election so I think that's just
telling you that people got um all they
needed from the election stuff and then
when the election was over they had less
interest so they watched less news right
that makes sense you know you're all
you're all interested before the
election that's when all the the
fighting over who's going to win but
then when it's over well it's just
Christmas and moving on to other things
so it completely makes sense that
temporarily you know temporarily they'd
be a little low in their ratings right
so while the CNN was down 45% and MSNBC
was down
54% obviously over at Fox News they
would also
be up
133% up
133% who's saying this
oh
NRA yeah so so some people are mad at me
because I agreed with somebody who had
other opinions I don't agree with does
that make
sense is it okay if I agree with one
thing and disagree with other
things apparently that's not allowed
right you have to just be in a team and
you have to act stupid so if I have to
be stupid to be part of a team I don't
want to be on the team if I if I could
be smart and be in the team I'll do it
if it's a good
team all right so I think that uh maybe
the decline in MSNBC and CNN could be
partly because they're negative meaning
that all they're talking about is the
end of the world because Trump won and
if you go to Fox News they're literally
talking about the Golden Age and how
everything's going to be fixed pretty
soon which would you rather watch
everything's bad or everything's good
I think there's a reason that Fox News
is doing well but secondly once the dust
settled you could see that the Fox News
pundits were largely correct in their
predictions that Trump had the the
better ideas and it looked like he was
going to
win and then you would look at the MSNBC
and CNN reporting and the pundits and
you'd say were all of them wrong or were
they just were they lying or were they
all wrong but you would certainly know
by now that if you got your knowledge
about the world from two of those
sources
that
um two of those sources were completely
wrong about everything so maybe people
noticed maybe that's why the ratings are
down anyway the Gateway Punda says that
the January 6 political prisoners
they're going to launch a $50 billion
class action lawsuit against the
Department of Justice
and here's one sentence from that report
Gateway pit is reporting on that
according to Federal Watchdog the
plaintiffs were quote haunted down like
Animals by the FBI for peacefully
protesting hunted
H
so um I like to point out as often as
possible that in 2020 before the
election I said that if Biden won
Republicans would be hunted
can I can I take a Victory lap I was
mercifully mocked my my my post on that
was taken and put into the media and a
number of left-wing things just to laugh
at it just to laugh at me they didn't
say they never said here are the reasons
why you might be wrong they just mocked
me for saying that Republicans would be
hunted and then they
were not every Republican obviously that
wouldn't have been
possible but if the January 6 prisoners
actually won this class action and I'm
thinking they would have a low chance of
winning uh are there any lawyers here
who could weigh in on this are you a
lawyer who could say huh I think they
have a chance to get that or is it more
of a sort of a Hail Mary they're not
really going to win that what do you
think um I don't know but if they do win
they're going to get
reparations they're going to get
reparations and what what do you what
happens to the black Americans who are
looking for slavery
reparations if if
1500 uh largely white Americans get paid
reparations for January
6 it's not going to make everybody happy
it would make me happy I'd be very happy
if if they got what they asked for I
wouldn't want to pay for it I guess I'd
be the one paying for it as well as
taxpayers so I don't want to pay for it
but if he asked
me do they deserve compensation I would
say yes yes I do so the question of do
they deserve compensation from the
government hell yes just as much as the
Japanese American citizens were rounded
up under FDR yes yes and yes I think
that if several Generations went by I
probably would say I think you need to
let that
go so just so I'm being
consistent there there is some sometimes
time
matters the these people are in the you
know the middle of their lives so I
think reparations are
appropriate um so Elon Musk predicts
that we will have AGI sooner than other
people he said AGI is um artificial
general intelligence what we have now is
just AI that sort of pattern recognition
AI the general intelligence would be
smarter than people and um Elon said one
could debate whether it'll be smarter
than any human by the end of next year
or if or if it'll take two or three
years but it won't be more than
five he obviously knows a lot more than
I do and most of you do on AI and what's
possible and what they're working on but
to the best of my
knowledge nobody has any kind of
breakthrough or technology that would
even put you on the path to
AGI so what I don't know is if you just
kept doing the large language models and
maybe you tweak it a little bit do they
ever get to the point where they're as
good as AGI or is that a completely
different architecture and chips and
everything else and nobody's invented it
so it's not like we're 1% of the way
there because we don't even know how to
get there so
I'm not going to bet against Elon Musk
on AI is that
fair but I also don't see any way that
this is going to
happen and I'm trying to square this
with what nval predicts that or the AI
will never be smarter than collectively
humans I guess I I'm not sure if I don't
think I'm I don't think I'm expressing
his opinion quite right but I'd love to
know if they're on the same page I guess
that's the better way to say it um
because I've been common sens
equally which means I don't have deep
knowledge of the the field but common
sensely I can't see how we'll get to
computers being smarter than humans in
ways that we care about certainly it'll
know more and it'll operate faster and
it'll find patterns faster so it'll do
all the things that computers can do
faster than humans so that's obvious but
we'll it be able to reason the way we do
because even humans can't agree what
that would look like in a in a few
minutes I'm going to talk about the you
know what happened with the debate about
foreign workers and the one thing you
should take away from it is if
AGI weighed into that
argument what would his opinion
be just think about it if AGI this
Advanced general intelligence
artificial uh if it weighed into that
argument which Viewpoint would it
take and then if it took a Viewpoint
would the people on the other side say
well yeah darn I thought I had a good
point but now the artificial general
intelligence which is so much smarter
than me has told me that my views on
this topic are wrong so I guess I'll
change my mind because the a is just so
much smarter in no world can that happen
in the human world the people who are on
the other side from whatever the AGI
says will say you better fix that AGI
and by the way did you tweak that thing
just to give you what you wanted I don't
even believe that's AGI I think you've
got your finger on the scale I think AGI
is fake I don't even think it's real I
think you're saying it's AGI but you're
really telling it what to say so that
that you can blame the AGI instead of
the people beond you programmed it you
frauds I want you all dead and in
jail that's how the real world
Works what do you do you see some World
in which AGI is going to wade into one
of these important important issues and
then we're all going to say oh yeah well
I hadn't thought about it that way but
now that I see how much smarter you are
yeah yeah you if if you can watch the
the debate about engineers and
engineering and you see Elon musk's view
far more complete than almost any of our
views
definitely knows more than we do about
not only the the foreign worker
situation partly because he was one and
certainly he knows about you know what
their fate is and whether how soon
before they're replaced with by AI
Etc if you disagree with Elon
Musk just think how different that would
be if you were just disagreeing with AGI
it'd be the same it'd be exactly the
same if you plop Elon Musk into the
middle of a National debate in which he
knows more than you do and he's way
smarter than you most of you he's way
smarter than me right if he's way
smarter and he knows more than I do
about the topic shouldn't I just agree
with
him if it were AGI would I would I just
say oh well you know more than I do I'll
just agree with you I don't think it
works that
way if you can't trust somebody who is
way smarter than you and way more
well-informed
why would you ever trust
AGI so it might be technically possible
that AGI could be way smarter than
humans we will never know it because we
will argue that it must be
flawed do you do any of you remember
when GPS in your car was brand new and
it would tell you to go somewhere and
you would argue with it that's the wrong
way sometimes you were right it would be
like that
anyway um let's talk about the big
brewhaha of which I think I caused a lot
of it yesterday um I'll tell you all the
things that I know to be true and then
I'm going to ask you some provocative
questions so that you can think deeper
about the subject of foreign workers in
the United States now let me let me just
give
you let me tell you how the news talked
about it so Kelly Risman writing for the
independent um said that mus says the
hateful unrepentant racist must re be
removed from a Republican
party now he did say that the hateful
unrepentant racists must be removed how
would you remove anybody from a party
that anybody can sign up for so I don't
know that
that's that's not really a thing is it
how would you remove anybody from your
party I don't know what that means um
but I let me interpret it I'm going to
use my
reading
comprehension to sort out what it must
mean what it must mean is we should we
who are not in that small group should
not tolerate them or give them oxygen I
suppose that seems
fair um then the report says that Scott
Adams creator of the comics for Dilbert
chimed in chimed
in wh why is it that everybody else is
just giving their opinion but I'm
chiming
in am I not to be taken seriously I'm
just a chimer inner hey can I be more
than that so whenever I get introduced
as the comic strip guy and then they say
I'm involved in any kind of important
question they always assume that I'm
bringing only my cartooning experience
to the the question and I chimed in so
chimed in so uh Kelly Risman
um don't appreciate that
language anyway um not that it bothers
me really one way or the other it's just
it's just a word you wouldn't use for
anybody else I don't think you would say
Elon Musk chimed
in
right you wouldn't say that you would
just say he had an
opinion
um and what I said was in a post I said
that uh that the magga Republic ANS are
taking a page from Democrats on how to
lose elections while feeling good about
themselves um which I did and then uh
Elon commented on that and he said yes
and those contemptible fools must be
removed from the Republican Party Rootin
stem those contemptible
fools um and then uh a lot of
Republicans or they might have been paid
trolls I can't tell pretended that they
heard what he said differently than what
he said so when he talked about those
contempt
fools a whole bunch of people said he's
calling everybody in mega a contemptible
fool which of course he isn't and
anybody with an IQ over 80 Knows It But
in these internet fights we always
pretend that if anybody says there are
three people in your group who did
something wrong why are you saying every
person in my group did something wrong
all right so there should be a word
there should be like a label for that
so that you could dismiss people who do
that
probably half of all the people were
thought they were debating with me
yesterday were pretending they couldn't
tell the difference between saying some
members of the group are an aign
according to somebody's opinion versus
all members of the group are
defective how many of you thought that
Elon Musk was talking about magga in
general when he made any of his comments
now I know my audience is key in and
they know that he wasn't talking about
but so many people just
pretended I think Laura lomer might have
been one of them it was
ridiculous um so that's also a Democrat
thing so Republicans are sort of taking
a page in the Democrat
Playbook of you know losing but feeling
good now what I mean by losing but
feeling good is that the question there
were
I think at least three separate
conversations and and people were
conflating them so they can make
irrational criticisms of other
people so that would be me like saying
oh you like you like sunny weather do
you no uhhuh but you also like
toasters so I mean all right never
mind um so then when uh Elon Musk
clarifi
in a follow-up post that when he said
contemptible fools he was referring to
quote those in the Republican Party who
are hateful unrepentant racists uh they
will absolutely be the downfall of the
Republican party if they are not removed
now the first thing you need to
know is that the uh the conversation on
X was just flooded with professional or
organized trolls the professional and
organized
trolls sometimes might be Democrats
sending people to cause trouble might be
somebody in the Republican Party who's
who's got something to prove um but they
were obvious trolls and they were the
ones who were most racist so the first
thing you need to know is that a lot of
the people pretending to be uh magga
oriented
racists probably could have been fake
that they could have been sent by
somebody to make the make the Maga
people fight with each other and look
bad there are definitely
some members of the Republican Mega
world that some of us would call
racist that's obviously true and
Democrats as well and independents as
well basically every group in America
and no exceptions every group every
group has its races in it so that's not
the question the question is whether the
people we were seeing yesterday
represented anything but trolls and I
don't know I actually don't know if even
one of the really negative comments that
I got yesterday were real but when I
posted that people should be aware that
a lot of what looks like looks like
disagreement online it's it literally
just paid trolls trying to make it look
like there's disagreement online now
when I said that I didn't have
proof because I was just doing pattern
recognition you and and somebody asked
me how can you tell somebody who's a
troll Scott I can tell and I'm not going
to tell you how in public CU if I told
you they would change because it so it
wouldn't be hard to not look like a
troll they just don't know that they're
looking like trolls so once you notice
the pattern you can go oh I see what's
going so I noticed the pattern because
I've been in this before so in 2016 I
was massively attacked by paid trolls
later we learned who paid them and that
they were organized and that they did go
after people like me so it seemed like I
was just maybe imagining it in 2016 but
it was confirmed it was exactly what I
thought and since then there have been
other waves of trolls and now I I
recognize them I go oh it's one of those
I got it
so to my comment that the trolls might
be making it look like there's more of a
disagreement than there
is uh Elon Musk weighed in and said that
yes they they had detected massive
organized trolls and that they were
quote nuking them
um all right so let me talk to this guy
in all caps we are not fake we are not
racist we want all immigration stoped
stoped and all these systems stop
pretending you don't know what is going
on now I'm going to use you as exhibit a
of the idiots
online do you think that I have
pretended that I don't understand that
the H1B system and the related systems
are being gamed and that they're not
giving us what we
want I say it out loud and I say it
often but if you just saw one one post
that I made and it didn't happen to have
that topic included you might say to
yourself why doesn't he understand that
the real issue is that the current
system is broken let me say this as
clearly as I possibly can I'm pretty
sure everybody knows the current system
is broken I have not yet met one person
who was unaware of that it's not me I'm
not aware of that I'm not unaware that
the system is broken it's the most
common things people are saying so when
you were screaming at me in the comments
in all caps had you done some research
to figure out what my opinion was or did
you think that if I was talking about a
I'd never heard of B because sometimes
you can talk about things without
mentioning everything else in the
world sometimes you could just talk
about the thing that you're interested
in and other people can talk about the
things they're interested in and they
might be related but I don't really need
to talk about everything when I talk
about one thing so let me talk about one
thing and show you how this
works here's some of the things that we
know for sure and then I'm going to tell
you some things we don't know for sure
we know for sure that if you had a
system and we don't and we don't we
don't have a system we do not have a
system but if we did that could get us
the top 01 engineers and that's it just
that that we would be a much um a much
stronger country we'd be safer we'd have
more money and the total number of 0.01
Engineers that would enter the country
would be so small it would have no
impact on the average person getting a
job or anybody else because they would
literally be filling positions that
nobody could fill because you run out of
the 0.01 top Engineers pretty quickly
now that can be true as a universal
statement that's common sense and
obvious to everyone that's the top
0.01% now if you're wondering how much
of a difference that makes I think 51%
of the you know top billion dollar
startups were foreign born people so if
you get the top people they just nail it
and kill it and everybody gets more jobs
and the country gets stronger we can pay
for a stronger military and we're all
safer
it's also true that if you look at the
history of the United States and by the
way if if you're if you want to jump in
and yell at me because I've not yet
gotten to your pet point just give me a
minute just give me a minute I'll try to
hit your point but if I talk about a it
doesn't mean I don't know B exists try
to learn that if you can learn that
lesson that would go a long way talking
about a doesn't mean you don't care or
don't know about B okay
so a in this case is that if you could
find a system that only got you the top
.01% of Engineers you would be the
superpower forever and you'd be in good
shape B is do we have a system that can
do that
nope no now I'm no expert on it so I'll
take the word of all the people who seem
to be close to it who seem to agree on
this
point are you okay with that okay do you
do you mind if I
say that if we could do it it would be
the best thing we could do we do not
have mechanism that does it in fact it
does the opposite and brings in lots of
people who probably are competing with
American jobs so which part do you
disagree with can both of those be true
so most of my conversation was because
it was bugging me that people didn't
understand how
much horsepower a top .01 % engineer can
bring to a situation I don't think
people have a good understanding that
the leverage in that is just off the
it's just off the charts it's not like
bringing in just people who are good at
their job that's a whole different
conversation right so that's the first
thing you need to
know and then uh grumpy dad showed me
the messy thinking so I want to just
read his comments and you'll see how the
two things the A and the B get conf
flated into one thing all right so
grumpy dad on X says the first major
misstep of what Scott would call the
internet dads and that would include me
the bring in the 1% and the H1B fraud
issue are the same you can't make the
meritocracy argument until there is a
Level Playing Field they led to the
wrong
argument okay so the internet dads I was
watching them operate all yesterday some
of them were not fully informed
on some of the
issues as they as they weighed in other
people who were better informed
corrected them added things and then you
watch people start modifying their
opinions based on new information that
were getting extra
context but the internet dads I just
basically the smart people on the
internet who were not being paid for
their opinion which includes let's call
let's call them the internet moms as
well well or just men and women um but I
don't think any of them I don't think
any of them are
confused that there are two topics when
grumpy dad says they must be treated as
one topic I say that's just muddy
thinking it's muddy thinking to say that
you can't say it's a good idea to have
the 0.01 and also it's a good idea to
fix the broken
system to me that's clean thinking but
if you say you have to treat it as one
thing I say well that's messy I get what
he's saying I obviously understand it
that he's saying basically the priority
is to fix the the
H1B and I don't disagree with that I'm
not even in that
conversation if you think that's a
priority all right we'll talk about that
more but I'm not disagreeing I'm just
saying there're separate separate
conversations but related of
course um
and ironically a lot of my critics
yesterday weighed in as grumpy dad did
to tell me that I don't understand that
the goal and the system are different
things now those of you who have been
with me for a while just try to try to
grasp the irony of that I'm literally
the most famous person in the world for
saying that goals and systems are
different and that the system is more
important important than the goal and my
critic said I don't think you understand
that the goal and the system are
different in this
case no I've written books on the goal
and the system are different I've also
written books saying the system is the
important thing if you get the system
right well then maybe your goal or
something like it is likely to happen if
you're starting with a goal and you
don't have a system then you don't have
anything I'm literally Lally world
famous for that point of
view and all day long people are saying
I don't think you understand that the
goal in the system are different yes I
understand it I get it all right so
here's the things that I would say that
no nobody who is well informed would
disagree with that if you could and we
can't in our current system get the top
Engineers we'd be better off is there
anybody who thinks that's not true does
any want to argue just that point I want
to see in the comments is there is there
a push back to the question if you could
do it without affecting anything else
and you had a way to get the top
Engineers would we be better off now
there were a few people who said no I
think Jesse Kelly was one of
them so so the second thing that
happened in this debate is it was a
reason for people who had old scores to
settle to say bad things about their
enemies so cat turd came after me and I
think maybe Jesse Kelly said something
dumb and you know there there's just
you'd have to know there's some there's
some bad blood there now I consider both
of those guys
idiots so if I if I can be blunt CER is
an idiot um he doesn't get things right
he got he got a whole cren Shaw thing
wrong about his about his stock trading
no about his um his donations so he had
like all the the contexts wrong and he
goes after krenshaw and krenshaw had to
basically flame him on Christmas Day
because he got everything wrong katur is
an idiot he's very
entertaining so if you're watching it
for the
entertainment yeah why not but he's not
smart and his takes are not
good and Jesse Kelly argued that
literally nobody should come into the
country because it's like the Titanic is
sinking you know why would you throw
another glass of water in the
Titanic now you know what I say about
analogies right you use an analogy when
there's no
argument nobody uses an analogy if they
have a reason like an argument with
reason so if you tell me that you're
argument is that Titanic can't handle a
glass of water I'm not going to take
anything you say seriously that's just
an idiot so so taking care of the idiots
on the internet that's sort of a
side side cont
but
um so let's see and then Elon said more
to uh confuse things he said uh that we
wouldn't be a great country without H1B
visas
um and you know basically you wouldn't
have people like him and a lot of the
success we have now did people say there
oh wait a minute Scott you I thought you
were talking about the 0.01% of
Engineers now he's talking about H1B
visas and that's that's like just
workers in general mostly so did I get
that wrong no again reading
comprehension is very important when
Elon says we wouldn't be a great country
without H1B visas is he talking about
the
future or the
past that's the past he's saying that
the way we got here is with H1B visas is
he correct yeah yeah he's correct in
terms of the
um the GDP and the big companies that
got created and how we can fund our
military is is it true that Americans
lost some
jobs because of the H1B visas I assume
so I assume so here's what um people who
are not good at analysis often get wrong
what has been true up until now doesn't
need to be true in the future because
things change so so I I told you
yesterday that my opinion of how many
people should be led in with their
valuable skills has changed since
Biden's uh Biden's uh term before Biden
I would have said hey anybody who's
additive bring him in you know and
additive meaning they had some skill
they could pay their taxes they could
you know their kids would do well in
school and become productive citizens so
to me it seemed like business as usual
let in anybody who can add and make sure
you don't let in anybody who's going to
be a drag on the
system uh but after watching 25 million
illegal people come in recently and
Biden opening the borders I think you
have to the history no longer the
history no longer informs what you
should
do at this point given especially that
Mega had a very strong opinion about
immigration and one uh it wouldn't
matter what my opinion was so if my
opinion was yeah we should just take
everybody who looks like they could add
but Maga won and magot definitely
doesn't want that because they don't
want these people competing with
American jobs I would say yeah magot
should get what they want because that's
what winning is that's the whole point
so it wouldn't matter even if I thought
that that's not we're not living in the
past it can be true that the H1B visas
made us the strong country we are at the
cost of some number of American jobs
which is
important um but it's also true that we
don't have to look to that to figure out
what to do going forward I think the
safe thing is that we're always better
with the 0.01 top
Engineers are we better off if we bring
in an
optometrist the optometrist will just
take the job from an American
optometrist maybe I don't know so it's a
different question from what it used to
be and when when Elon makes big comments
about things you're going to have to add
your reading comprehension to know what
he's really
saying all right um there's also
the
uh then
there are there so many elements
this um the other thing you need to know
is that this is probably a short-term
conversation because nearly all the jobs
we're talking about in which a foreign
worker would take an American job those
are all going to be gone in 18 months so
the job goes from the American to the
Indian and then the Indian job will go
to the AI
guaranteed so it's not like India
permanently took the jobs there was only
18 months left of those jobs so we were
at the end of the cycle for anybody who
could have those kind of jobs that AI is
going to easily
take
so yeah so have to put it in context
it's still important but it's important
for maybe 18 months that we we have a
much bigger problem with AI than we do
with foreign
workers and then in the middle of that
is the fact that your your ordinary not
top .01% Engineers your ordinary people
uh if they were white and they were male
they were being discriminated against
and they didn't get any jobs the other
issue that which is obviously something
I care about and
the other issue that people pointed out
is that if you hire enough people from
One demographic group and they get into
management that they start hiring only
people in their own demographic group
now the examples given were um people
had a bunch of Indian and
indian-american people got into
management and then they noticed hey
they're just they're just hiring more
Indian people now is that a real
thing I assume so because would be
universally true if you had uh if you
had a lot of black people in management
do you think that they would hire more
black
employees than some other group probably
probably normal if you had anybody of
any demographic group in charge lgbtq
you name it women let's say w most of
them were women in management do you
think that they would hire more women
than a group that didn't have mostly
women in management it's it's not good
it's
discrimination but it's also Universal
so it's not just that the you know
Indians are getting into management and
squeezing out the white people it's
everybody who management is squeezing
out everybody else except white males
white males try to squeeze out white
males because that's how they get
ahead we we get ahead by eating our own
unfortunately that's the only way we get
ahead so so it's universally true
anyway anyway
um did you
know that
uh uh oh and then we were also
conflating the hiring of Indian workers
and foreign workers in general with the
issue of offshoring which is
separate and all right so here's my
questions for you so my T my take on the
H1B visas and how to fix it and how to
fix immigration in general is that we
need to get a team of somewhat
independent economists who will tell us
what's best for us and who the winners
and losers would be with any given uh
change to our immigration
stature so here are questions that I
can't answer and I I have a background
in economics but I want to see if you
can if you can't answer these
questions spoiler you will not be able
to answer these questions but if you
can't answer these
questions then consider the certainty
with which you hold your
opinion consider the certainty all right
if if you nail these questions which you
will not because they're
impossible um then you should have a
firm confident opinion but if you can't
get
them maybe you should just say I'm not
so sure all right question number one
would we be better America under the
current
situation um we bring in foreign workers
at lower wages in many cases than
American
workers lower
wages and subsequently because the wages
are lower it helps the industries that
are hiring them to be more
successful and then the stockholders of
those companies have more money and they
spend it and because there's more money
in the system people can invest in new
businesses and startups and create jobs
so if you bring in foreign workers and
and wait you know before you get mad at
me this isn't the only question so
you'll get a question that you like in a
moment um so low
wages gives you more successful
companies which gives you a better
economy
better economy gives you a stronger
military and protects the country uh the
cost of that though would be American
workers would be displaced because they
would be replaced by some number of
lowcost foreign workers but wouldn't be
everybody it would be certain industries
certain kind of jobs and then those
people would be by necessity trained for
other
jobs right so that's one world so the
the one world that I guess that would be
the current world right so we bring in
the lowcost foreign workers gives the
company some better chance to succeed
but it's at the cost of American
workers all right so that's one
situation now compare
that
um compare that with uh the opposite
that we don't bring any lowcost
employees in and we just keep American
workers so what would that do to your
costs for
goods it would increase them so you'd
have a job but everything would cost
more and probably a lot more because
labor is a big part of everything
so so you've got a job but there's way
more higher costs is that good for you
or bad for you it's good for you it's
way better to have a job than it is to
have prices that are perfectly low like
you like you'd rather be employed so if
you're the worker who loses the job it's
definitely better for you to keep the
job even if it means that some prices
are higher um but the prices are higher
means that your companies will
eventually go out of business because if
they're competing against International
companies they might hire the lowcost
employees and then out compete you so if
you protect the
employees
profits you probably the
business and in the long run go out of
business
now is that
better so what I'm suggesting
is that even the top Economist could not
answer these
questions is is the country in general
better off when there's pressure on
employees who are not competitive in the
World Market have to leave and build
skills to make them competitive it's
it's a doggy dog cruel and I'm not
recommending it I'm just asking is that
better the answer is you can't tell
because would you rather be an
unemployed person in a vibrant growing
economy or an employed person in a um
constipated and dying economy which
would you prefer
in the short run you'd prefer to be
employed in the long run you're way
better off being unemployed in a vibrant
growing economy because you can learn
some new skills then jump into the
vibrant economy and do better than you
were doing
before so to what degree do these
abusive
H1B situations which bring in these
cheaper workers to what degree do they
hurt you in the short
run they're terrible in the short run
because Americans lose jobs I don't like
that but do Americans lose jobs in the
long run or do they retool and get
better
jobs well I would argue that America has
been doing pretty substantial
immigration since it's
founding and while immigration is going
up pretty consistently so have the
number of
jobs now surprise you so for every well
maybe you know maybe the Depression was
different or something but generally
speaking uh immigration goes up and the
economy in general goes up and the
number of jobs go up at the same time
and that's not a
coincidence because we're bringing in
lots of people to add more Vitality to
the the thing so here's the thing if
you're if you're a highlevel economist
and you're disagreeing with how I'm
setting this up well you got a good
point because you're a high level
Economist and I'm not I just studied
economics if you're not an economist and
you have a strong opinion which of those
two things is better for America not
just the worker in the short run we we
can all agree that in the in the short
run the worker is just getting just
getting
screwed no argument about that but does
it put a productive
pressure on the people who got screwed
productive means they say damn it I
guess I need a new skill and they go out
and learn a new skill and get a new
job I don't know see the the point is
that if I don't know and I've studied a
little bit of economics if you studied
no economics you probably should be less
confident than I am I'm not confident
that I know the answer to these
questions I I could tell you where my
bias would be but I'm not confident I
know the answer
if you're confident that you know
America's better off if we don't bring
in people who are
additive I don't know where you would
get that because it's not any data and
it's not supported by any experts that
I'm aware of but it's a very common
opinion
so here's what I think given that we
don't know the answer to that question
there's a there's a there's a
theoretical question which is which way
should we go but I would argue that that
question may have been answered because
the voters said this is how we want it
they said we don't want foreign workers
um I still think we'd be smart to take
the 0.01% engineers but if you say we
don't want anybody else just those 0.01%
Engineers I would say you might be right
you might be
wrong but one thing I know for sure is
that you had a process and you
chose so you might be right you might be
wrong but we are a country that allowed
you to compete on this issue and you won
you won so if the way it goes is that we
tighten up all immigration so there's no
foreign workers it raises prices in the
United States my prices go
up I'm okay with that if you are I mean
it's what you voted for and I live in a
country where I respect that so even if
I'm kind of leaning in the direction of
you know I'm not so sure you're exactly
right about this in the long run I'd
still I'd still say you earned you
earned your right to try it your
way let me see if there's a
analog let's see if this teaches us
anything now an analogies of course
don't make arguments but let's see if it
deepens your understanding in your
view are unions in the United States
good or bad let's see in the comments
how many of you think that unions helped
the United States and how many think it
hurt the answer is it
depends um there are certainly
Industries such as Telecom where there's
a strong union and yet still strong
profitability so strong union good wages
strong profitability good for the
country everybody
wins
right uh but are there other Industries
let's say the car industry
um I know I know musk has fought against
some unionization others have too Amazon
I think does
every well let me make this distinction
if you have a company that's almost a
monopoly like Telecom is because there's
there's a limit to how much spectrum is
available so telecom companies are kind
of close to being monopolies you know
they own their spectrum and nobody else
can use it and Etc um
so if you have huge
margins then you can afford to have
strong unions and strong employees
everybody wins if you have small
margins such as what you might see in
Amazon or let's say the grocery business
then it wouldn't take much of a union
increase in you know increase in wages
to uh put you out of business so I would
say that unions are good if you've got a
giant margin and they're bad if you're
so close to the margin that your entire
company will go underwater if you pay
people you know union wages so it
depends and and I think this uh I think
that's how you should look at the
foreign workers thing too there got to
be there just have to be situations
where everybody's better off like in an
individual company or industry let's say
agriculture um I do think it would be
really hard to get Americans to fill
some kinds of jobs are we better off if
we just say all right let the foreign
workers you know pick the fruit they
want to we don't want to so there are
probably situations in which for pockets
of the country we'd rather have some
foreign workers temporarily for some
specific things and there are other
places where guaranteed it's bad for
American workers and we're not getting
enough from it
so if you wanted to say forget all that
Nuance this country is for Americans
well that's what you got you you voted
for that and you got it I I respect that
so I won't argue against
it I'll just tell you I don't know if
economists would be on the same side so
one way or the
other anyway there's a uh did I cover
all that so here here's just my uh
summary of that um I did not see any
Body online who disagreed with
me so I
debated people angrily all day I didn't
see anybody disagree I saw people who
imagined I was talking about H1B visas
being great which I didn't and they were
mad um I saw people who didn't
understand that the 0.01% of top
Engineers wouldn't add enough to the
country to make any difference to
employment but I didn't see anybody who
said I understand your argument and I
disagree I didn't see it the only ones I
saw were the unrepentant racists who
said you can't add one more brown person
to
America and I don't know how many of
them were idiots and how many of them
were
trolls I don't
know but on another topic um Climate
Change Dispatch Kenneth Richard is
writing Richard is writing there's a new
study um that since
2013 uh that all the warming comes from
increased absorbed solar radiation not
CO2 so the idea here is that we've been
looking at CO2 and it wasn't really the
thing that was driving anything now I
don't know if that's
true um because I can't I can't look at
a scientific study and know if it's true
what I do know is that when you read
through it just get a sense of the
complexity in figuring out what the
climate is doing so I'm going to read
read you some words that I don't
understand and you won't either
just to get a sense of the assumptions
that go into climate models right so it
a new study published in journal science
contends that the decreasing Cloud albo
whatever the hell that is and the
consequent increase in ASR whatever the
hell that is or absorbed solar radiation
oh I guess that's what ASR is uh blah
blah blah these numbers blah blah blah I
don't understand decade according to era
5 I don't know what it is and Cirrus I
don't know what it is respectively
explains the warming over the Earth's
last
decade anyway point
is that the total number of assumptions
that go into climate models is just
through the roof you can't have lots of
assumptions and also complexity and also
a model that's telling you what the
future is that it is so far from
something humans can accomplish there
someday we're going to laugh that we had
all these climate models and we believe
that they were telling us something
now I don't know what's true or not true
about climate change I do know the
models are
 that much I know for
sure all right there's a study uh in
study find says the hidden power of
words how language influences reality so
depending on the words you use to
describe a thing it will change how you
react to it and what you see as your
reality
um I think they could have saved some
money on that study because it's exactly
what everybody already knows you know
usually I say you should have just asked
Scott this is one of those studies where
I think you could have asked
anybody uh random stranger on the street
we're thinking of spending a bunch of
money on a study but I just want to see
if maybe you know the answer uh do you
think that the words you use to describe
things change how people think about
them and the random person on the street
who's let's say he's a homeless person
and he's deeply on drugs ah pretty sure
it does pretty sure it
does really you could have asked
anybody nobody would have gotten that
wrong all
right um of course we'd love to talk
about this topic of how Democrats have
more mental illness than Republicans and
buy a lot now it's funny if you talk
about politics because then you can say
oh the reason you're you disagree with
me is that you have mental
illness maybe that's some of it but just
imagine these two frames if the only
thing you knew about Democrats and
Republicans was the following thing
which one which one would you predict
would be sad and have mental problems
one group believes that identity
politics means that your your future is
doomed to whatever your identity allows
and there'll be
discrimination can't really do much
about it because your
identity
versus the people who say that Merit is
what matters you could always learn new
skills and try harder and you'll do fine
so one group thinks that you're doomed
because of your identity and the other
group says nobody's doomed you just have
to do the right things and it's obvious
and we'll tell you what to do and
everybody who succeeded did the same
thing and if you just do what everybody
does you'll probably be fine
one of those is very optimistic you'll
be fine the other one is Doom oh you you
were born in this ethnic group oh oh I
guess there's nothing that will ever go
right for you oh the we'll have to
change the law to make you
survive and then of course there's the
you know looking at the world versus
looking at yourself all the time that
also is a big factor in how sad or crazy
you are
all right uh what is racist about
wanting a white
country really what is racist about
wanting a a white country did you
actually write
that here's what you mean to say you
didn't say it but I'm going to I'm going
to interpret what you meant to
say racism isn't always
bad see that's what people don't want to
say in public if you're discriminating
against somebody for their race or some
immutable thing or religion or sexual
preference for job offers or romance or
friendship or Club entry or those that's
that's all bad I don't like any of that
but are there any situations in which
race is a factor in a way that we all
agree oh that makes
sense yes
yes when it comes to large group
comparison
well let let me put it this way uh this
is my favorite example if you're if
you're a young black family and you're
trying to decide where to move what city
to move to would you find it safer to
move to place that has at least a good
solid you know 20% black population so
you'd find lots of people who are like
you and you know would understand you
and you know would be more likely to
invite you to do something if you think
that's how it works probably now suppose
I said do you want to pick the city that
that is known to have um the highest
KKK uh population in it and they're all
white would you pick that no no would it
be racist would it be racist to say I
don't want to live in that all white
place because there's a whole bunch of
KKK people in there well yes it' be a
little racist would it be wrong would it
be wrong for a black family not to live
where there's 20%
KKK no that would be completely
reasonable so we we conflate you know
individual discrimination against a
person which is probably bad all the
time it's not good for the person doing
it or the person who gets it done to
them with any kind of group dynamics
which definitely make a difference if if
you were a white person and you were
looking for for a job would you apply to
a company that had no white people in
management I wouldn't because doesn't
look like a good bet but would that be
racist yes of course it would you're
making decision based on race so the
first thing we have to to learn to grow
up is that racism against individuals is
not the same topic as racism to protect
yourself from statistical harm
just it's just not the same
conversation anyway so I think what
happened with the magga dust up and Elon
Musk and me um should come out
productive right if we if we are true to
our beliefs we will say hey that was a
good fight we all got smarter how many
of you learned something about the
foreign worker debate that you didn't
know until this week I did I learned
some things I wasn't wrong about
anything because there were things that
I didn't know about that I didn't weigh
in and have an opinion on and then when
when I got informed I said oh I agree
with you once I was informed I said I
wasn't talking about that I wasn't ever
talking about H1B but if all the people
who know about it say it's a problem
going
forward I take that as information I
incorporate it but I'm not I don't
believe I've disagreed with anybody
except the people who say that adding
one more brown person to the country
even if it's Einstein Brown Einstein is
bad that's just not a that's just not a
sensible
worldview Taho says the election means
no more okay now did that comment
address any useful
thing so let me ask the question if you
knew you could get the 0.01 engineer
would you say yes to them if you knew
that nobody else would come in and I
understand that's not the current
situation so let me ask the question in
the comments if you knew and we don't
know this but hypothetically if we did
that you could limit it to just the top
0.01 and it's from everywhere it's not
just India right it's from everywhere
would you say yes to
that how many would say no to that
because I think if you say no to
that I mean that's just pure
racism and it's not one that makes sense
I've even told you that so we got to
no so there's some people that say
adding one Einstein who could change the
economy and improve the world would be
mistake if his
brown but only so far only the gester
said
that um right all right so it looks like
my audience is on the same page so I'm
trying to find is there anything that
anybody disagrees with me except the
question of whether or not it's bad to
add even one extra person who's not
American uh it's still racism even if it
applies to Norwegians yeah that's
fair
[Music]
uh uh
until
what uh so I think here's what I I think
is the the central lever on this
conversation uh let me see if I can
capture the feel of the room the feel of
the room is if you start talking about
the 01
Engineers you think you're talking about
that but necessarily because of our bad
way we do everything it opens the door
to you Mass immigration that you didn't
want is that
correct do I have I captured all of your
views that you should lead with our
systems are broken and then if you say
if we could fix them it'd be great if we
brought it into 01 but if you start with
bringing the 0.01 it looks like you
skipped the more important question
which is which wait a minute wait a
minute how you bringing in that 01 are
you using the same broken system that
will bring in a million people that we
don't
want all right so this is a problem with
social media so if you see me comment on
you know one element of an argument you
might make assumptions about what else
I'm believing but that's always
dangerous so I think here's what I think
bottom line I think this was all
positive I think this was all positive I
think that most of the racism that Elon
and I were responding to online most of
it might be
trolls and and the rest of it you was
some small minority of people that you
know are just something we have to deal
with
uh what's
this
um then some people thought that Elon
insulted all of Mega which never
happened so a lot of it is thinking that
he said something he didn't say in my
case thinking I said something I didn't
say or believe something I didn't say
but when you look at what people
actually
said I think we're basically on the same
page Pro there's probably more complete
agreement on this question than almost
any question in America right now but we
pretended
that it was something else and what I
feel from that was that the energy the
energy from that conversation was from
the people who have the H1B issues and I
think we all heard it so if you were in
that conversation you definitely heard
we don't like the H1B it's being abused
it's taking our jobs got it got it I
never disagreed I wasn't up I wasn't up
to speed and when I wasn't I didn't talk
about it but now I'm up to speed now I
saw I saw somebody smart I won't name
names say oh but the H1B system is
different from the system we use to
bring in those 01
Engineers now they are different
systems but I'm also informed that all
of the all of the systems are
abused so if they're all abused it
doesn't matter that the top engineer
system is a different system than H1B
they both need to be changed
um now do the
NFL well the NFL I think is a pure
meritocracy why are we complaining about
that we should be shouldn't be importing
anyone so you would be opposed to
bringing in the person who could create
the next billion dollar unicorn and
create 10,000 uh jobs for American
workers
because that one guy is taking nobody's
job
see yeah I think we all agree all
right uh anything other than one system
is
corrupt well maybe everything that
reaches a certain size is
corrupt my take is that you can have
non-c corruption with really really
small things such as you know two people
getting married and not not lying to
each other it can
happen but as soon as you get to
something big like the entire Finance
field that's always corrupt Health Care
always corrupt uh big food corrupt big
Pharma corrupt Big Oil corrupt so when
you reach a certain size it's
100%
problematic there might be some
exceptions uh I'm thinking of something
that would be like you know one of Elon
musk's companies they may they may not
be a totally corrupt organization but
generally speaking everything big morphs
into something
bad all right so here's your your bonus
question for the day you ready for
this what would be better for America
the American system to have no
restrictions let's say no
regulations and total
Freedom or uh strong guard rails so that
there's freedom but it's Freedom within
the guard rails do you prefer a no guard
rails freefor all and that that freedom
gets you the best life for everybody or
do you believe that the guard rails are
necessary because there are too many bad
elements in the world that would take
advantage of them so in the comments I
want to see you pick between the two um
complete Freedom no guard
rails or uh Freedom within guard rails
which which one do you
prefer total
freedom
right La
fair is that total
freedom
yeah well I would argue this
the legal system puts lots of uh lots of
guardrails on what you can do within
capitalism do you like do you like
having a legal system do you think
capitalism would work if we didn't have
a strong legal
system because the legal system is
telling you what you can't do in the
other system it's a
guardrail well the the the answer is
obvious if you got rid of the justice
system it wouldn't matter what you were
doing in the uh in the economy it would
fail because crime would just you know
destroy trust it would fail so the
guardrails of having
laws in my opinion are essential I'm not
aware of any modern civilization that
worked without a justice department are
you is there any is there anybody who
succeeded with that a justice department
now there would be the question of the
um guidelines and
regulations I suspect that some
guidelines and regulations are
additive um and some of them are
negative and Trump would like to get rid
of the ones that are negative but do you
think that there no rules that are
worth
pursuing U let me give you one example
uh a
bank um is requ required to put their
loan offer in the form of an
APR and APR is a calculation that banks
have to do the same way so when they say
we'll give you a loan for you know this
rate and this starting thing in these
phase you can't really compare it to
another loan that has a different down
payment a different fees different
starting point different calculations
and so Banks were using that
confusion to make it look like they were
giving you the good loan when it was
just the bad loan you couldn't tell the
difference and then the government said
no no yeah you have to calculate it all
the same way and then you can know for
sure which one will cost you more money
between Banks was that a good idea or a
bad
idea because it it allowed you to trust
your
bank and when it comes the Banking Trust
is the primary
requirement so there are some people who
say no they they'd rather not be
informed what about um what about uh
ingredient lists on food do you think
food should be required to have
ingredients
listed see here's the problem if you had
a world where uh information
flowed let's say efficiently then
information could do the job of these
guardrails and laws and procedures right
so if somehow I knew which bank was
giving me the best loan I wouldn't need
an
APR but there is no way for me to know
there is no way because the incentive is
for all banks to lie if you took that
away all banks would lie I work for a
bank all banks would lie if they could
get away with
it so I would say that the trust which
makes the American system
special um because remember in in human
history trusting strangers was the thing
you didn't do our economy is based
entirely well that's an exaggeration
it's based very much on the fact that we
found a way to trust strangers and the
way we trust them is if you screw me I'm
going to sue you and we've got this
legal system that will take care of you
so we replaced
trust with guard
rails if you didn't have trust your
economy would fall apart there's there's
no way around that there there's no low
trust economy that's raging I don't
think I don't think there ever will
be so if you look at the say the iron
Rand view of the things you maximum
Freedom gives you maximum
happiness you're looking at a technique
that has never been tried
anywhere and never can be
successfully because it would fail
immediately that's my
opinion I don't think it's I don't think
it's a coincidence that nobody has ever
done a full
Freedom high output successful anything
it's never happened in the history of
the
world all
right um but generally speaking we
should lean toward Freedom when whenever
it's a jump ball so I would agree with
you that if you can't see the reason for
the restriction or the you know the
obstacle to Freedom if you can't
obviously see what the benefit is and
and you can obviously see the benefit of
of a Department of Justice when it's
working properly it's very obvious but
if they say I think you should all use
these pronouns or something you might
say it's not really obvious how that's
making me better off so that's a debate
I would lean toward
Freedom when it's just an opinion which
way is the better to go but if it's just
really obvious like the Department of
Justice I'd rather have the guard
rails all right let's all I got for you
today I'm going to go talk to the locals
people privately I went on way too long
but it's Saturday remember Owen
Gregorian we'll be doing a spaces after
we're done so I'll be I'll be fast on
the after show with locals we'll let uh
we'll let Owen take it from there um I
assume Owen will be up and live like
fairly quickly on X in spaces um right
after we're done um so going privately
to locals I'll see you Rumble and
YouTube and X tomorrow same
time
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for