[Music]
oh hey everybody good to see ya in
it has come to my attention that some
people who watched these live streams
later on playback fast-forward through
the simultaneous sip can you believe it
oh well just in case you want permission
the introduction and the simultaneous if
is for the benefit of the live viewers
who want to scream in and catch the
beginning those of you watching gun
replay
fast forward and I also recommend listen
listening to me at one point five times
the speed I hear that's the year that's
the sweet spot but for those of you who
are your life the special people the
good people the the punctual people the
people who like to get it fresh to enjoy
this experience in the maximum way you
know what you need is called the
simultaneous up and it goes like this
you need a cup of our glass a tanker
chalices tight in the candy jar if last
got a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including protests pandemics economics
you name it it's all good go well here's
my favorite story of the day
apparently the simulation is winking at
us again because there's a photo and a
story about a fox an actual animal a fox
who keeps stealing somebody's washington
post off of their porch or lawn i guess
and so we have a literal story of fox
delivering fake news
I don't know what are the odds that
these are just coincidences but it looks
like the author of the simulation is
trying to send us a message did you get
this one do you get it I'm sending a fox
to grab the Washington Post you get it
right does everybody get this well it
just feels like the author of the
simulation is trying to send us a
message do you remember the story about
the Twitter hackers who somehow they got
into Twitter systems and took over some
accounts and tweeted some scams about
Bitcoin well there are some conspiracy
theorists and I'm not so sure that I'm
not one of them who think that maybe the
whole Bitcoin thing was a diversion and
that the real purpose of the hack wasn't
really the Bitcoin part although maybe
they made some money too but rather they
were trying to cover up some deeper
mischief which we may not yet know
because once somebody has access to
Twitter's innards what else can they do
one of the things can they discover
seems like it would be quite a
playground there one possibility is that
they have they had access to the direct
messages of lots of famous people and
maybe those famous people will get
blackmailed I don't know but let me
suggest that if you are leaving messages
in a private place there's no such thing
so be careful what you say in any
digital form because you're now at a
place where you should assume you should
assume that somebody's looking at them
speaking of Mary Trump have you seen the
latest against Trump's nice and I just
yeah I hate that we even have to talk
about this because it's yet another you
know unverified claims or yet another
book so
so marry Trump Denise her latest
bombshell claim which he was sort of
badgered into saying on what's-her-name
show on MSNBC and what marry Trump said
was that the I guess the Trump family
she didn't give a timeframe but that
they may have used the n-word and that
Trump himself at some time in the
distant past had also used it now you
know what's missing do you know what's
missing from that story any kind of
context because let me make a statement
in case this comes as a surprise to
people did did you know and I know this
might come as a shock to some of you did
you know that when people speak
privately quite often they will say all
of the things you're not supposed to say
in public no not just some of them but
all of them unless you have different
friends that I do have not the people
that you know personally at one time or
another maybe not all in the same day
but I have not your personal
conversations used every bad word that
could be used surfaced every bad idea
that could be surfaced and basically
talked that every manner of bad thing
often in ways that if somebody heard you
in public you would be cancelled now in
the old days you could say private
things and maybe they would stay private
because there's no you know nobody's
writing a book about you there's no
digital record and I would argue that
people have two distinct lives one is
the things they say privately and the
other is the things that they would be
willing for the general public to hear
and I've suggested that if we were to
have a digital Bill of Rights that one
of the rules we should at least consider
is this that you should at least
consider that if somebody takes a
private conversation
and moves it into a public sphere that
the person who moved it into the other
context becomes the author of it now
this is a hard one right because you
don't want the person who's just
reporting what happened to become the
author but I would suggest this if
somebody says something in public and
then is reported in public that's fair
right that's completely fair this added
in public reported in public but if
somebody said something in private it is
universally true that we speak
differently in private to people we
trust often saying things that are the
worst possible thing you can say because
that's what makes it funny
that's what makes it funny that you're
not supposed to say it so people will
say things in public that are
outrageously inappropriate because they
can they like their freedom it's not
hurting anybody nobody's going to hear
it it may not be a reflection of their
soul they just like to use inappropriate
words in private because it's more fun
is there anybody who doesn't use
inappropriate words or talk about
inappropriate things or at least things
you wouldn't want other people have
known in public in private I doubt it
it's pretty universal so I would say and
of course this rule does not exist but
if it did I would say that marry Trump
is the only person responsible for
making us think of the n-word more than
we need to and one of the things that
I've said this before but this bears
repeating you know the third of the
country doesn't have a sense of humor
like actually literally doesn't have a
sense humor in the same way that maybe
about the same amount of the country
doesn't have musical talent I would be
in that latter category so it's not an
insult just people have different skills
are distributed all over the place but
there are lots of people who literally
don't have a sense of humor and one of
the things that they might not
appreciate from people who do have a
sense of humor
is what they don't appreciate is that
sometimes the thing that is funny is the
inappropriateness of it so what you're
laughing at is not at the subject of the
joke let's say it mocks some group or
person or whatever if you laugh
privately with the emphasis on the
privately somebody privately tells you a
deeply inappropriate joke and you laugh
you're not laughing at the target of the
joke if you have actual if you're a
unless you're a sociopath or you hate
that person or something but in general
you're laughing at the fact that anybody
would say that out loud to me that's
hilarious
when anybody does something completely
inappropriate I always laugh it's
automatic but here's the deeper question
oh and I've also suggested that a
digital a digital Bill of Rights would
include that if you did something more
than 20 years ago
it just doesn't count it just doesn't
count taking things from the past moving
them to the present as if as if our
current sensibilities you know existed
at the same time as a statement is just
illegitimate to me
so we should just ignore anything from
twenty years ago but here's a more
interesting question as Mary Trump ever
met the president there's like this is
actually the hilarious part apparently
there's some question about whether
they've even ever been in the same room
so we haven't seen a picture of them in
the same room and that's funny now
what's funnier is the the physicality of
the interview and I'm gonna have to go
there you know you know they say don't
go there well I'm gonna go there I'm
gonna go there now when you watch Mary
Trump give the interview she is not what
you'd call a sympathetic character
anything that when you look at her she
doesn't look emotionally stable which is
different from saying that she is
emotionally unstable the only thing I
know I'm not a psychiatrist right so I'm
not medically diagnosing her but I have
as a viewer I have an impression so I'll
just tell you my viewer impression
because in the world of politics the
viewer impression matters it's not a
medical diagnosis I wouldn't do that
and what she looks like is somebody who
has severe mental problems you know
emotional mental problems now I'm not
saying she does have them I'd say she
looks exactly like somebody who has
severe emotional mental problems so that
I think works a little bit against her
credibility but here's here's the
funniest thing that works against her
credibility are you ready for this and
if you haven't thought of this yet
you're gonna laugh when I tell it to you
now let me know if you've thought of
this but here's the thought when you're
assessing her credibility consider that
she looks like Trump with a wig she
looks like a Trump so she has the the
face that looks like she looks like
President Trump yes there's something
about it that reminds you of him there's
a million you know something
recognizable and so you immediately
think I feel like I'm listening to
female Trump talking about the other
Trump and there's this weird
disconcerting feeling that I think works
against her credibility for the very
part of the segment that they would like
to believe it so I think that part's
just funny I don't know if that really
has any effect and then as Mike Serna
vich pointed out in a tweet and I would
agree that if you were going to say if
you were just objectively looking at her
as a stranger and you didn't know
anything about who she was what she was
talking about and the only thing you
were doing is you turned off the sound
and you watched her body language as she
answered the question would it look like
she was telling the truth or would it
look like she was concocting a lie
and I would agree with Mike sort of
itches view on that
again we're not lie detectors we can't
see inside our brain but if I were to
judge her from her mannerisms it looks
exactly like somebody who's making
something up I don't know if she is
making something up can't read her mind
again it looks exactly like somebody
who's not credible so I'm fascinated to
see if this story has any legs at all
you would think it would play into the
whole you know the fake news view that
the president's a giant racist but I
just don't know how much attention this
story is gonna get because Mary trump is
so darn non-credible and it was a long
time ago and I think everybody probably
something tells me that you know even
the the black people watching this are
saying for themselves Oh obviously yeah
everybody in the 60s and 70s in private
conversations including all black people
including all every other kind of person
including all people have said things
that you wish your niece wouldn't tell
people you said now that doesn't mean he
said any of those things and there's
certainly evidence to suggest that he
didn't and it's not credible but those
are all the factors I would take into
consideration here's a question for you
if you know I I tweeted the other day
that the closer society gets to being
able to program a simulation of its own
in other words a software a world where
the characters in the world believe that
they're conscious and real people the
closer you get to being able to do that
the closer you get to understanding that
that's what you are now of course I
talked about the simulation because it's
fun but I will give you this following
thought to chew on and it goes like this
why would anybody who could create a
simulation create one what would be the
purpose of creating a soft
for simulation of a world full of people
who thought they were real but were not
why would you do it because the whole
theory of the simulation is that once
you could do it you would do it and
maybe you would do it lots of times well
I would suggest that the creators of the
simulation might do it for the same
reason that we will do it in other words
the closer we get to being able to do it
the more we will realize oh yeah there
is a reason to do it and that reason is
a be testing their own choices
in other words if you have let's say a
problem you're working through in your
life and you're wondering how to deal
with it you could create a simulation of
yourself in an artificial world testing
a lot of different things seeing how it
turns out now you'd have to have a
really good simulation to think that the
things that were tested in the
simulation would then translate into
your so-called real world but if you had
enough simulations and you ran the
simulation enough times you might get
closer to saying okay every time I do
something like this I get a better
result than when I do something like
this so I would suggest to you to keep
this in mind that if we got to the point
where we could great in our civilization
a simulation that would test what would
happen if we personally act in different
ways we'd do it so just think about it
we'd probably do it somebody says it
would be cruel I wonder if it would be
would it be cruel to create software
that felt pain what do you think that's
a really interesting ethical and moral
question isn't it would it be ethical to
create a software that thought it was a
real creature with real feelings and
felt pain maybe not I don't know
anyway I put that out there and the
other part of that is have you noticed
that in your life and maybe people you
know people have the same kind of
over and over again have you noticed
that that that in your life your entire
life even though your situation your
relationships where you live the job all
of these things are changing but have
you noticed that you will have just the
same sort of problem over and over and
over again whereas all the people around
you will have that problem zero times
and you say to yourself how can I always
have the same problem where other people
don't have this problem but yeah other
people also have a theme problem meaning
they have the same sort of problem over
and over again but I never have that one
what's up with that and that again would
suggest that we are simulations testing
things for our creators meaning that the
challenges that I get seem to be very
similar in nature I won't go into it but
the similarity I've noticed forever it
was like really the moment I solved that
problem a new thing jumped up to give me
the same problem back in a different way
how could that be and it makes me think
that that that's how you know which
problem you were simulated to work
through because you keep beating on the
same problem in different ways all right
I've suggested a lot of people have also
that the the best slogan for Trump's
campaign would be jobs not mobs now that
that was a slogan that came up in the
last campaign but I think it's more
appropriate now because we're seeing
more mobs so that contrast between jobs
and mobs is now so big that it's just
the perfect campaign slogan so I'd be
interested to see if the campaign you
know tries tries that out what if they
like it the what you should expect is to
see somebody not the president and
trying it out first just to see how it
does that would be a normal way to do it
although Trump as you as tweeted it
before so in that case you could assume
maybe it's already tested now I tweeted
this I'm no political expert and I don't
pretend to be an expert on politics
but it seems to me that the Democrats
strategy of effectively legalizing
violent crime right before a national
election is not the best strategy
because what it looks like it to me
and it looks exactly like this to me is
that Democrats are removing the controls
on crime going into a major election
because that's really the whole story
about New York City right they the
there's no bail
so you commit a crime you can just be
released convinced more crimes get
picked up canned released
yeah if you have a court date I guess
you can just leave I don't know what
happens so couldn't you do that forever
is there any limit to how many times you
can just say well thanks for resting me
I'll see you later and just walk away
and I don't know the details but it
sounds like you could so I can't see any
world in which the Democrats even have a
chance in November in terms of the
presidency because if you're running on
a platform of increasing crime and the
news is showing non-stop images of
increased crime I just don't know how
that gets you elected I just don't see
how that could possibly work I've heard
people say that the president has
basically has no chance of reelection
because the polls are so slanted but how
many people have you heard who have
changed their mind from Trump to Biden
in your life are there a lot of people
doing that because I I think I have
encountered zero people that I
personally know although I don't know if
they mention it to me but it doesn't
feel doesn't feel like the you know what
I'm observing makes sense all right new
topic
Kareem abdul-jabbar if you're young you
don't know he was one of the great
basketball players of all time and he's
kind of politically active and
he's written a few op-eds one of them
was about systemic racism I think I may
have criticized him for that
I forget what but there was something I
acquittal dwith but he wrote another op
ed just recently and this one really got
my attention and so I want to give a
shout out and a compliment
to Kareem abdul-jabbar because he wrote
if if you didn't know he's he's black
which is important to this story and he
wrote an op-ed in which he called our
Hollywood and the sports world for their
anti-semitic stuff that hasn't been
really pushed back on enough according
to Kareem
now I would consider this one of the
great acts of leadership that we've seen
lately all right so keep in mind I'm not
I'm not a big Kareem abdul-jabbar a fan
in fact I thought he ruined a basketball
for years because he was so good and so
tall that watching him play other teams
just didn't seem fun because it just
didn't seem like he could beat a guy
that big and that good so to me he sort
of ruined a basketball for a while so
it's not like I'm a fan yeah he's one of
the great players of all time that's
just a fact
but he wasn't fun to watch in my opinion
and I've disagreed with him on some
political stuff but I'm gonna give him a
plus plus plus on leadership for taking
what might have been a fairly unpopular
stand I don't know I'm not sure if he
got any blowback for it but he came out
strongly against anti-semitism in the
middle of you know the black lives
matter movement he said hey let's I
don't want to say that he said all lives
matter because he didn't but in effect
Kareem abdul-jabbar was saying let's not
over focus on this one problem this
anti-semitism thing is pretty big if
you're ignoring this you're not really
credible
that that's my paraphrasing of it and I
appreciated that I appreciated the fact
that he stocked up for another group and
I think the more of that you see the
healthier the country so thank you to
cream all right
people keep asking me why Trump is not
promoting the wearing of masks why is
Trump not saying and this would be this
is not my opinion this is people talking
to me they say you know these masks save
lives we'll talk about the controversy
about whether they do or do not but
people say to me they they save lives
and it's obvious say some people why
doesn't Trump say wear masks doesn't
have to say that you have to doesn't
have to make it mandatory but if he just
promoted it more people would say all
right you know we like Trump you say and
wear masks will merit will wear masks so
why doesn't he do that if you know that
people would pick up on it and I think
that's safe to say
if you promoted it more people would
wear masks on the Republican side I
think that's fair so why doesn't he do
it is it a mistake of leadership that he
is not pushy masks here's my take on
that cuz I had to think about it for a
while imagine if he did let's say he
pushed masks what would happen if the
president promoted the use of masks it
would be like hydroxychloroquine if the
president said wear a mask CNN and MSNBC
would be running non-stop pieces about
how they don't work and it's making
everything worse now if you don't think
that's true you have not been paying
attention if you say to yourself Scott
Scott Scott the fake news may be fake
news but they're not going to run you
know stories that would destroy the
country and with bad medical advice just
because the president had the opposite
opinion they're not going to go opposite
just because he said it
yeah they would that's exactly what they
would do there's no chance if the
president was promoting masks and if it
was very persuasive let's say
Republicans just all masked up from day
one you wouldn't see Democrats wearing
masks they would say was fake and he's
anti science that they shouldn't wear a
mask but here's the other part that I
haven't seen a single person saying I
have not seen a single person say this
and it's the most important thing Trump
has been painted by the opposition and
the fake news as an authoritarian as a
dictator if Trump is being painted as an
authoritarian Thorat Arian and a
dictator how would he be treated if he
told everybody they had to wear masks
from the federal level he would be
treated as an authoritarian dictator and
even the Republicans would think so
right so it would be the first time that
the Democrats would ever win a point
because mostly the two sides you know
they send messages but they don't get
through but one of the messages the
Democrats have been trying to send is
hey you Republicans can't you see he's
an authoritarian dictator why can't you
see it why is our message not
penetrating your bubble get out of your
FoxNews bubble he's a dictator he's an
authoritarian if Trump told people to
wear masks from the federal level that
message would completely penetrate the
right and the right would say you know
actually you got a point there
I think you got a point we don't want to
hear this from the president
now if the president does not do it what
happens well the states do it and and
the cities do it now they don't all make
the same decision but what do you feel
about the credibility of the decisions
if they're made at the local level
versus the federal level it feels
different doesn't it doesn't that feel
different if your city has decided
you should wear masks even if you don't
like it doesn't that feel more
legitimate than the president this is
not a president decision the fact that
the president has stepped back from a
little bit I wish you would say it
directly by the way the best thing that
the president could do was say you know
I'm not your dictator let your local let
your local community work it out with
you you see what the professionals say
you see that I wear a mask when I visit
Walter Reed I'm not going to be the
dictator working out locally but I hope
you follow the medical advice that would
be a good message I don't think that he
has done that well but when you're
saying he's not doing it right you got
to ask yourself what would it look like
if he did if he did it right according
to the people who say masks work he
wouldn't be would have made the
Democrats hate masks they would have
questioned it and they would have called
him an authoritarian dictator and it
just wouldn't have worked so it's sort
of a trap so here's the other thing how
do we judge all of the conflicting
science about masks and whether they
work so I asked on Twitter can somebody
send me a good thread that that talks
about them and here's what I find and
people will send me to an article that
looks quite scholarly there's a PhD or
medical doctor involved
it'll be an article that says here's all
the proof that masks do not work every
every study says they don't work and you
say to yourself Wow well that's pretty
convincing
it's a looks like some publication
that's respectable the person who wrote
it looks respectable shows all of his
sources every one of them show that face
max don't work so that's it right good
source credible person every single
every single cited study same direction
best don't work so we're done right
except you can go six inches down your
Twitter feed and find a credible person
in a credible publication pointing to
studies showing they work that and so
here's my greater point the only people
you should not believe in any
conversation are the ones who are sure
those are the ones you should not
believe in any conversation at least if
there's complexity in science and fault
you and I don't know how to sort of
through the science you do not know how
to read those various studies and and
say oh you know this is the good one
this is the bad one I trust this one I
don't trust this we don't have those
skills we do not have those skills we
only have experts telling us what
they've seen because maybe they do have
those skills but here's the problem
which expert are you gonna listen to
because they don't agree if the experts
don't agree how can you tell which is
the good expert because it just takes
you a problem of not being able to look
at the science and come up with a good
opinion all it does is transfer it to
well I can't also figure out which
experts are credible it's all just stuff
that you don't have any ability to
determine what you think you do the
think you do part is the part that makes
you stupid if you can look at all these
studies and say well looks like there's
some people and some studies that go one
way it looks like there's some people
and some studies that go the other way
if your opinion is anything but I guess
it's unclear that's the only opinion I
think you could have on it but you still
have to make a decision right you don't
get to say well it's unclear so I'll
just avoid this situation you're either
gonna wear a mask or not wear a mask so
you've got a pick so what do you do if
you can't evaluate the science and you
don't know who which experts are
credible you are left with some kind of
a low information risk management
decision here's how I've made mine here
are the mistakes that people make when
they're looking yeah I'll work into it
here are the mistakes that the lay
people are making when looking at the
studies and even the question the first
one is that they misunderstand the
purpose of the mask the the masks for
the public are not about protecting the
wearer it's about protecting other
people that's the first thing so you see
a lot of people were very certain about
things and they'll say nope mass will
not will not protect you from getting
the virus but that's not really the
question so those people don't
understand the question because they're
analyzing the wrong thing the other
thing is some people say the total
quantity of air that comes out from
around the masks is still the same
because if you exhale it's going
somewhere so if it doesn't go too
straight out it's going out the side of
the masks it might even be going out in
little Jets because you're forcing the
same amount of stuff and smaller
openings and so some people say well
it's the same amount of air that's going
in it's all the same this too is a bad
analysis because the point is not to
reduce the quantity of air in the room
nobody said that's the point the point
is to keep it local the point is that
your exhalations are more likely to say
stay local even if it's coming out of
the edges to me that sounds reasonable
and a lot of experts say that as
reasonable - it is also not about the
masks blocking viruses because people
will point you to a lot of science that
says you know at the microscopic level
that the holes of the mask are this big
and that particles the viruses or this
bag and even the smaller water drops are
this big and they fit through they fit
through so if they fit through the mask
the mask
nothing right wrong because the air is
what is mostly carrying the virus some
of it you could imagine would get
stripped off some of it would be on
smaller droplets etc but there really is
no situation I can imagine in which if
you can't blow out a candle that's you
know a couple feet away from you but you
could if you had the mask off it's doing
something it's blocking some of the
moisture that's carried in the air and
much of that moisture must have a virus
attached yeah the the worst argument I
heard somebody emailed me and said Noah
happened Scott is that it's carried on
the water droplets until it reaches your
mask and then the water is stripped off
and then the free viruses go forward
into the universe
now unburdened by the water droplets I
feel like that's not what's happening
again
we're not expert so we don't know but if
virus travels on water droplets and
water droplets aren't in any way impeded
or slowed down or kept more local I
don't know any situation in which that
isn't going to be good in terms of
transmission and then there's the
question about there's a question about
touching your face and a lot of people
said if it makes you adjust your mask a
lot well that's just as bad as having no
mask and it might be worse does your
face your hands always going to be up
around your face but I don't know about
you but if I have a face mask on I do
touch my face a lot but I'm sort of
touching my cheek with my finger you
know I'm doing this and you know maybe
my chin once if I'm doing this isn't
that like really different than touching
the moist part of your mouth because I
would think it's sort of your your mouth
and your nose and your eyes you know
your your moist parts that are the
problem so if you cover this big moist
mouth and you do touch your cheek a
little bit with your finger is that just
as day
just as all the times you touch your
mouth because people do touch their
mouth a lot when they're not wearing a
mask if you've watched so anyway if
you're totally certain about masks maybe
you shouldn't be but you have to make a
decision anyway and I'm going to go with
the the piss your pants model the piss
your pants model looks like this if
you're standing next to somebody and
they take a piss in their pants do you
get as wet as if they were not wearing
pants and there were a me at you now
it's a bad analogy because the virus
there's no virus in the urine and that
bad analogy but it's sort of how I'm
thinking about it it must be stopping
the some of the virus alright today CNN
did report on the number of gröna virus
deaths now I've been mocking them
because they've been talking about the
number of infections but they leave out
of that same story the number of deaths
which is clearly the more important part
both important but deaths will always be
more important
but today they actually reported it and
and prominently why do you suppose they
did that because it was a record all
right so as soon as the deaths were bad
news it became part of the article when
deaths were good news meaning that the
number of deaths were low compared to
the number of people infected that
actually looked kinda like good news
because it made it look like no matter
whether you get infected or not we've
got something going on don't know what
maybe the way we treated maybe
hydroxychloroquine who knows maybe it's
vitamin D I don't know but it looked
like death was good news while
infections were bad news death rate
falling being the good news not the
deaths and as soon as the death count
became bad news because it's a record
that's obviously bad news it became a
headline and it's just so disgusting one
hundred eight hundred thirty eight
thousand people dead so far from crota
virus allegedly
some Princeton professors very cleverly
wrote an article in which they said
maybe we should change July and August
changed the months because July and
August are named after Julius Augustus
Caesar and if Julius Caesar was a slave
owner which he was no you have to change
the name of those two months now it was
a little bit of a more of a challenging
thought they weren't actually in favor
of changing him and then they went on to
say that you'd really have to change the
name of the Democratic Party because the
Democratic Party up to the 1960s when I
was alive you know my actual life time
was was the party of you know
segregation and Ku Klux Klan and and all
that other stuff so is there an argument
that Democrats must change their name
from Democrats I would say yes I mean
why would you be a member of a party
with the same name as the party that was
in favor of all these racial bad things
one of my other favorite stories in the
news is Jake Tapper having to call call
 on CNN's own pundits for
spreading fake news so Kaley mcenany was
misinterpreted when she was talking
about school openings she said that the
science should not stand in the way of
going back to school and then she went
on to say that the science and she
referred to his study credible study
saying that the risks for children were
low and therefore the science would not
stop us from going to school because the
science supports it of course Jim Acosta
and some other people at sea and then
decided to interpret that as we're going
to ignore the science and go to school
exactly the opposite of what she said
Jake Tapper to his credit called
 on it and even tweeted it
 so even he was not willing to
accept the narrative which is own
Network
had immediately adopted that the the
fate news that kailia mcenany was in
favor of ignoring science and putting
children back in school so they will die
because orange man bad and so I will
give props to Jake Tapper for
fact-checking his own network which
isn't easy you know there's no there's
no way anybody no way anybody thinks
that's easy to do and I will give him a
second shout out by saying he's the only
one who said about the Charlottesville
fine people hoax he's the only person
who said that the context should include
that the president explicitly disavowed
the people that the rest of scene and
was saying he was talking about as fine
people so Jake is the only person I know
who was called on his own
Network for misinterpreting quotes in a
fairly obvious way that are
misinterpreted so credit him for that
there's a story about Portland because
there are these uniformed scary looking
people in camouflage the who are showing
up in rented minivans and stuff and
grabbing protesters off the street and
taking them away now the rumor or the
way it's being treated on social media
is that these are unmarked unnamed
unannounced we don't know who these
camouflage military looking people are
they have masks on they're just grabbing
people off the street it's like the
Gestapo it's it's like death squads it's
like Gestapo so that's how the left is
framing it but they also of course have
no access to news from the right so they
don't really see real news if they did
they would be following Jack pasaba
on Twitter who would tell you they have
DHS patches on their uniforms now it's
hard to see cuz this a night but I think
he
just better as spotting the stuff from
experience and we know that the
Department of Homeland Security said
they were gonna be operating there they
said they would be operating there and
people with DHS you know identification
on their uniforms did show up there so
there shouldn't be too much mystery
about who they were and they should not
surprise you that they were in non
military vehicles because you don't want
to bring in tanks and Humvees and stuff
like that it just makes it look at to
military but here's the part I loved
about it
it is scaring the living out of the
protesters which to me is hilarious let
me read this one quote let's say there's
so there's this protester who was
frightened and he said he was one of the
ones that they they they nabbed and they
took him somewhere but then they let him
go and after he was let go he said this
he didn't this is from a news reporter
he did not know whether the men who were
police or far-right extremists who
frequently Don military like outfits and
harass left-leaning protesters in
Portland and the 29 year old resident
said he made it about half a block
before he realized there would be no
escape because he tried to run from them
then gave up then he sank to his knees
hands in the air and he said quote I was
terrified Pettibone told The Washington
Post it seems like it was an if a horror
sci-fi like a philip k dick novel it was
like being preyed upon to which I say
good good excellent excellent because I
think it's useful for the protesters to
feel how the citizens of the city that
they're abusing feel about them how
happy are you that a protester was
afraid of somebody in a mask it's kind
of perfect right the fact that the
Department of Homeland Security wear
masks
so you can't see their faces it's really
funny because we've been saying that one
of the things that you know fuel these
protests is the fact that people can
wear masks if you can wear a mask
because the coronavirus it's recommended
then you can get away with stuff because
you figure well nobody's got a picture
of me I'm wearing a mask so the masks
have so far been only to the benefit of
the protesters well it looks like
Department of Homeland Security just
took their advantage away because if the
Department of Homeland Security who do
not live in the city for the most part
they don't live in that city and if
they're wearing masks you're not going
to be able to find out who they were
because they probably don't have name
tags if they do they got to get rid of
them they need to get rid of the name
tags so it reminded me somewhat of the
untouchables do you remember the
Untouchables they were people who did
not live and I think of a Chicago who
were brought in from the outside and
people didn't know I think people didn't
know their identities because then they
can work on organized crime and they
would not get bribed because it's hard
to bribe somebody if he can't find them
you don't know the name at and they're
from out of town but it's easy to bribe
let's say a police officer who lives in
your town especially if you're
threatening their family if they don't
take your bribe so it looks like the
Department of Homeland Security are the
untouchables the people coming in who
don't have an obvious identity and you
can't get back home and they're scary
super super scary all right so I can't
think of a better solution than to bring
in masked super scary people with
unknown identities to clear things out
of Portland and you have to appreciate
that as a strategy but of course they're
counters strategy is to say you're your
Gestapo people worry about we might
enter World War three with any of our
you know international foes China or
Russia etc
but I don't think you realize we're
already in World War 3 World War three
if you count war with Russia and China
simultaneously as a world war we're in
it we're in the middle of it let me give
you a a shocking statistic if you added
together the number of overdose deaths
from fentanyl in the United States and
the fentanyl we know comes from China
Chinese fentanyl has killed X number of
people if you add that number to the
number killed by the coronavirus those
two numbers together both both caused by
China have killed more American citizens
than died in World War two that's right
so if you believe that Chinese fentanyl
is intentional meaning they could stop
it if they wanted to but they don't and
I believe that it's intentional and if
you believe that they didn't tell the
rest of the world about the corona virus
intentionally then we have already lost
more people to China's aggression than
we lost in all of World War two think
about it now if you're telling me that
we're not in a world war I would say you
don't know what our cyber security
people are doing you don't know how much
China is doing espionage and cyber stuff
attacks against us and you don't know
how much we're doing to them because
that pretty sure it's a lot so at the
moment we're in a full-out war that's
just a weird war that it's it's being
fought in ways that you don't see you
know bodies you just see in some cases
you might see some protests or something
they were caused by these this mischief
but the war is on the war is completely
on and we're right in the middle of it
it's just a war like nothing we've seen
before
Pompeyo told Congress that he says Hong
Kong is no longer to be
autonomous now that doesn't come as a
big surprise right the day that Great
Britain decided okay you know the lease
is up and Hong Kong will be returned to
some kind of Chinese situation with
autonomous rule pretty much everybody
smart said oh so it'll just be China
because eventually just because of
geography and because China would want
control over it it was obvious that Hong
Kong would lose its independence there's
probably nothing that can be done about
that but apparently there's a hidden
reason for Pompeo to tell congress the
hong kong is no longer its own
autonomous thing and it has to do with
the fact that hong kong is a major
worldwide financial center and the
implication is this that if Hong Kong is
not autonomous you can't use it as a
financial center and if Hong Kong loses
its role as one of the world's big
financial centers and it looks like
that's guaranteed now because we're not
the the free the free markets of the
world and the free yeah I guess markets
is the right world they're not going to
use China as their financial center it
just wouldn't feel safe so if Hong Kong
is no longer autonomous as Pompeo says
then Hong Kong is going to lose their
status as a financial center that's
really big that's big big big big big so
that's a big deal
so that's part of world war 3 were in it
and somebody asked me to rank Trump's
visual persuasion I guess he had a White
House event with a red truck and a blue
truck and he put these fake weights on
him to represent all of the regulations
he was going to cotton at the crane Pole
you know the weighed out of one of the
trucks etc and I didn't even see that on
the news I only saw it when it was sent
to be on social media so I would say it
was a real good visual presentation but
I don't know if
worked because it was sort of standard
so I don't know if it got the attention
that they wanted to get because I didn't
see it but maybe you did and that is
what I wanted to talk about if you
missed my special podcast last night I
did a live stream last night sort of
spontaneously on how to have a socialist
system within the confines of our
capitalized capitalist system so that
everybody can live the way they want and
they would not interfere with each other
so you don't have to have one system for
everybody so it's not a good idea it's
just an interesting idea and you might
want to check that video out on replay
everywhere that my videos are found so
you'd see it on YouTube etc but if you'd
really like to have some fun you want to
go to locals where my content in
addition to this I do a lot of other
content on locals locals calm as an app
as well as website and Don jr. has moved
on to locals which is a big deal oh by
the way I should tell you that I'm a
very small stockholder investor I guess
that's not over but investor in locals
so full disclosure I'm on locals I have
a small investment in it and Don jr.
coming over is probably going to give it
a lot of attention so somebody wants me
to talk about the double-counting and
the bad counting of the coronavirus
stuff I'm not too interested in that
actually because we know stuff is being
counted wrong but I think the direction
of stuff is all that really matters and
if the you know and over time all these
irregularities get worked out you know
they'll get scrubbed out of the system
and time as long as we know the general
direction that's probably good enough
all right
how many cases with the US have to get
for the majority of people to say okay
it let's all try masks well the problem
is that people have convinced themselves
that there is strong science that same
masks that don't work so in theory as
long as they believe that masks
definitely don't work and we've seen the
science and you know I'm not saying that
but people say that as long as I think
they don't work or that it makes things
worse it wouldn't matter how many people
died when policies are being implemented
based on wrong numbers we should all
care yes we should but I don't think the
wrongness that we're talking about is
directionally wrong I don't think the
numbers are changing the direction of
things and if they did they would only
do it temporarily should CDC go to the
White House though I don't know what
that means
I just leave your comments see if I
missed anything
somebody says locals needs to move to a
single fee for all access models don't
like subscribing to individuals yeah I
think that's actually on the the board
right now so they're actively looking at
that model now that model has some
implications for creators for example if
the the main reason that you joined
locals was for one creator sort of
unfair because your money would be
distributed to the other creators who
are not the reason that you were there
so it's hard to work that out and make
it fair
who won Navaro or foul Chee you know I'm
not too interested in the palace
intrigue stuff that's just somewhat
predictable and doesn't really change
anything talk about New Zealand and how
well they've done with it well let's
talk about countries in general that
have done well are you amazed that we
don't yet know why some countries are
successful and some are not
oh you think you know you think you know
because you
the chart that said the ones that use
hydroxychloroquine early that they all
have good results right so that's that I
mean you saw the chart all all the
countries with hydroxychloroquine early
good result all the ones that don't so
that's it right that's a whole thing
well except you may have also seen the
chart that shows that vitamin D pretty
much explains everything
so put vitamin D explain everything
we're seeing in the other countries when
in fact hydroxychloroquine use explains
everything we see in the country but
also the graphs show that vitamin D does
so those are two different theories
except that oh wait
there are also graphs that show that the
degree of masks use is the main variable
and it very clearly shows that the ones
you use masks
got better results so what the hell is
going on you know so my take on this is
that we don't know exactly how much is
masks how much is better treatment how
much is hydroxychloroquine how much is
vitamin D that's in the atmosphere but
also might be part of the treatment we
really don't know and on top of that
you're really yet and also somebody says
immunity we don't know about immunity we
don't even know exactly the nature of
the virus in terms of how its spread
there's so much we don't know that yeah
correlation is not causation let me
here's a here's a a brain test I was
going to give you so those of you who
feel you are good at analyzing the stuff
you see in social media so you feel like
you have a pretty strong decision on
masks or hydroxychloroquine or vitamin D
or whatever it is you've got a strong
opinion let me ask you this this is a
thought experiment if I told you there's
a city that has the most strong law
knocks on their doors they have the most
bars on the windows they have the most
locks on the doors they have the
strongest defense of the house and they
even have a lot of firearms and they
also have the highest burglary rate what
does that tell you they do the most to
protect their house but they have the
highest burglary rate so that proves
that protecting your house doesn't work
right right is that the conclusion if
you have tons of locks and it's the most
locked up definitely lock your doors
bars in the window and still the highest
burglary rate well that proves that
locks don't work
it proves that bars on the window don't
work right no it doesn't prove that it
proves that if you have a lot of crime
people are going to improve their locks
the fact the dumbest thing that people
say about Chicago gun control is that
well it has the tightest gun control and
the worst murder so obviously gun
control doesn't work no they have the
tightest gun control because they have
the most murders it cause and effect is
backwards now did it help
how do you know how many murders would
there have been if things were different
you know know so if you don't know how
things would have been in the
alternative situation you don't know
anything and we think we do that so we
think that well there's a correlation
there I guess I guess locks on doors
don't work there's still burglaries and
that actually as ridiculous as that
sounded that's most of the way people
are analyzing stuff most of it is
reversing cause and effect most of it
who are we talking about I know no one
who has that situation I don't know what
you're talking about
it says proves you don't understand
burglars very well proves you can't
think because what you're accusing me of
is to say that burglars would not prefer
to burglarize the less protected house
of course they would so we assume that
those locks did decrease some amount of
burglaries for the ones with the best
defenses
there's nobody questioning the friction
works friction works but correlation and
causation are still backwards do people
get murdered with legal or illegal guns
well if you looked at the the kinds of
murders you would find that gun control
wouldn't have as big an impact on those
murders as you'd like for example gun
control probably would not make any
difference to gang violence right
probably wouldn't make any difference
what about the Hurricanes I don't know
what you're talking about all right but
the gun control is ineffective it only
stops the law-abiding yeah maybe I don't
know if we've had actually study that
alright that's it for now and I'll talk
to you later