[Music]
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for a more sleepy than usual
simultaneous sip I'd love to tell you I
got enough sleep last night but I didn't
I'm a little little tired this
morning and I would like to invite you
now to join me for the simultaneous Z
you could grab your C your mug your
glass your thermos your Stein your
tankered your flask fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous
zip
a
so apparently Joe Biden is planning to
go to
Charlottesville to announce his
candidacy I think there's two places
he's going but Charlottesville is one of
them and it makes you wonder is that a
coincidence is it a coincidence that Joe
Biden is going to charlott well maybe
could
be but far more likely given the fame
that charlott Phils had he's going there
to to launch his
campaign on a
hoax that's right Joe
Biden is so completely
useless that he might actually be going
from the the uh the Russia hoax directly
back to the Charlottesville hoax because
he can't tell the difference he can't
tell the difference he doesn't know
what's even real if you have a potential
president who thought the Russia
investigation was real and also thought
that the reporting on Charlottesville
was real that the president actually
called the Nazis fine people he actually
believes that happened and it looks like
he's going to base his campaign or at
least launch it on the back of the
second biggest hoax that the country has
ever
seen and this makes me ask the following
question What will what will history
report about the last several years and
maybe the next
several didn't you always think that
history books sure they might have been
biased in the sense that they would
leave things out you know maybe there
were things that one country would
deemphasize you know maybe the the
country had a history of doing bad
things so it deemphasizes that and it
maybe it emphasizes the things that they
did right or maybe it credits somebody
for winning a war that maybe they didn't
you know they weren't the main reason
the war was won so there must be a lot
of that you you know that history was
written by the winners for the purpose
of brainwashing the
youth now if you don't know that that's
what history is for you're probably
living a confused life history in terms
of the history books and the history
lessons is not designed to tell you what
happened it doesn't have that
purpose you're taught that it has that
purpose when you go to school you think
you're learning history for the purpose
of becoming educated and becoming a you
a citizen who knows how to function
Etc that's not the purpose that's not
even the intention it is expressly for
brainwashing uh now I'm not complaining
about that because brainwashing children
is what you need to do to children if
you didn't brainwash children to be good
citizens they would not be as good as
Citizens you actually do have to train
children because they don't have
critical they have no critical reasoning
and if you don't train them like animals
with a treat hey you know do this do
this you get to treat if you don't do
that you get bad citizens so there's
it's not like there's much choice at the
moment but imagine who writes the
history books of this period who's going
to write the history of this presidency
and if they write it is it going to say
that
Charlottesville was real
or are they going to say it was a hoax
perpetrated by the media to imagine that
the president said that the Nazis were
fine people if you're new to this
conversation uh the same time he said
that there were fine people in
Charlottesville he very quickly and
without prompting said I'm not talking
about the Nazis they should be condemned
totally so he is as clearly as you could
possibly say it he condemned the racist
but it's reported as the opposite now
what about the Russia um collusion story
you're watching with your own eyes that
the the world split into two movies when
there was
uncertainty and this this feels like you
know quantum physics or something when
nobody could observe the truth of the
Muller report when you when you didn't
really know what was going to be in
it the world was sort of on the same
side some people suspect that it would
be bad some people thought it wouldn't
be but we were still sort of in the same
world and that we didn't know and we
were waiting for an answer but once the
answer came instead of people saying ah
a common answer let's all circle around
this and have the same interpretation
that didn't happen as I told you would
happen the world split into two movies
in which there are two completely
opposite
truths that are operating
simultaneously one truth is that there
there were some you know indications
that people lied in a political
context and some people lied about uh
there's contact with Russians but none
of it amounted to anything so in other
words in one on one side it was a Witch
Hunt there was nothing nothing important
at the bottom of it just some people
Behaving Badly with some lying and stuff
um but half of the country or something
like
it actually believes that that report
was so damning that it is quote a road
map to
impeachment so if you're the if you're
the history um
historian and you're the historian who
needs to write this
story which version of reality do you
pick do you pick the reality in which he
was not found technically uh guilty
enough to be indicted but that there was
plenty of evidence of collusion
because you're being told that by let's
say Clapper and brenon and those guys
you know they're they're selling a
version of history that is invisible to
the country that just doesn't see it at
all only one of them will be the
history so how about the history of
whether or not the president mocked
Serge kovaleski the reporter who had a
congenital problem with an arm so he had
a bad arm and you've all seen the videos
of the president making a a mocking
gesture that looks like he's mocking
that
guy so if you saw that and you thought
well that's reality well that's your
history except if you see all of the
other videos in which he's mocking
people with the same motion you see that
he just does it to mock dumb opinions he
made the same motion when he mocked Ted
Cruz entirely different time and he's
made the same motion when he's mocked
other people so which
truth will be in the history book will
you learn so will someday students learn
that there was a president who was so
bad he mocked uh people with
disabilities in public or will they
learn it didn't happen and the media
framed
them those are not the same only one of
those could be true will they learn that
the president was good for the economy
or will they learn that he was lucky and
he inherited a strong economy from
Obama well somebody gets to write the
history books which way are they going
to write it did the things that he did
you know were were Trump's actions
important to get us to where we are or
were they unimportant will the history
books say that we had a racist in office
or will they say that we had a media
which was out of control those there's
not the same you know I mean you could
imagine there would be some overlap but
those are very different
histories all right
now uh I'm very amused by the fact that
the media doesn't quite know which horse
to back for the
Democrats I think it makes sense for
them
to uh give as much attention as they can
to candidates who are interesting so
mayor Pete Buddha jedge uh is
interesting and I would expect he'll get
a lot of attention if he keeps saying
interesting things I don't think he has
any chance of winning the
presidency and so at some point if CNN
realizes that he couldn't win well
they're going to have a problem because
he's he would be perfect for them as a
candidate you know I'm sure they would
love to to cover him he's got something
interesting going on because he's he's
uh married to a man so that makes the
whole story more interesting and you
know he's clever and you know he's got
lots of things going for him but if he
can't
win will they back
him uh yeah so I've been I've been
predicting for I don't know at least
eight months or so I've been predicting
that kamla Harris as boring as she is
might be the only one who's who could
survive the um the primary process it
seems to me that Biden will go into gaff
a gaff
spiral um do any of you think that Joe
Biden can get through 10 minutes of
being a candidate without just totally
screwing the pooch it just feels like
he's like the Gaff man waiting to Gaff
and uh it's going to be embarrassing
because the main thing that Democrats
are going to have against President
Trump is sort of stuff about his
competence and his you know his uh you
know all his age his competence all that
stuff and Biden looks worse on all of
that stuff so he's a bad matchup Bernie
I don't know if anybody thinks he can
win because of the socialism stuff but I
don't know if Biden can get nominated
because of all the Socialist
stuff what happens
let me let me ask you this question so
apparently the uh the White House is
working on their own healthcare
plan what happens if it's
good the there's one thing that nobody
is sees
coming I I don't think there's anybody
on the left or the right who sees the
possibility that the White House will
come up with a with a healthc care plan
that when people see it they go huh
that's actually pretty good do you think
that's even possible how many of you let
me ask you how many of you think the
White House is going to come up with a
health care plan that's pretty good you
know something that you look at and you
go huh I would actually want to know
more about that that's certainly in the
right
direction how many of you have any faith
that that can
happen because I I would think that the
Republicans uh the Trump support may be
a little bit uh I don't know a little
bit too often disappointed on that point
you know it's been so long since the
Republicans you know performed on that
topic you just don't imagine that maybe
they can maybe they can't maybe this is
just
beyond beyond their
ability but they do have smart people
working on it and and um if they if the
Republicans come up with some kind of a
health care plan that at the very least
you can argue is a good
deal something that smart people can
look at and say I don't know maybe I
wouldn't have gone this way but it
certainly makes sense does it you know
is it a free market um thing is it
simple you know you'd be looking for
some basic stuff so um um I'm going to
make you a
prediction are you
ready I'm going to
predict that the White House's uh health
care
plan will surprise
you that it's better than you think so I
think that they will surprise in a
positive way so that's that's my
prediction in part because they've been
kind of quiet about
it
and so that that makes me think they're
doing the work so we'll
see that's my prediction I'm G to stick
with
it the Democrats will call it worse than
the Holocaust yes they
will
um all right now does anybody have any
questions as I said I
overslept
um what do you think think about the CNN
Obama slam article you know I I saw that
headline and I didn't see who wrote it I
was assuming that if it's on CNN and it
slams
Obama uh so meller report looks bad for
Obama is the headline I just want to see
who wrote it Scott
Jennings huh oh so Scott Jennings is a
prot Trumper right yeah so um if we're
being
fair and sometimes I like to be fair if
we're being fair CNN does have uh you
know guest opinion pieces on their
website that are from Pro Troopers so
they they do occasionally have you know
Steve Cortez and uh every once in a
while they'll have somebody who's a pro
or do an article so you got to give them
credit for that they do give a a
platform
but the truth in terms of communication
the truth that people hear has a lot to
do with frequency and context so if you
only have one prot Trumper and you have
a 100 anti-trumpers on your network you
can't really say you gave them you know
a fair platform because the volume of
one kind of opinion is always is always
going to be more important than the fact
that you allowed another opinion just
the fact that it was allowed if it's
dwarfed by all the other opinions you're
still sending the message that one of
them is true and the other one is an
outlier uh so let us let us take stock
of the number of things that people
assumed about this presidency that
didn't work out they assumed the economy
would crash wrong they assumed we would
be getting into more Wars not fewer
wrong uh a lot of people assume that the
president would not be tough on
Russia wrong I mean I think maybe
somebody would argue about that but I'm
pretty sure that the United States
Administration is tougher on Putin than
we've ever been one of the things that
people always say is how come president
Trump isn't doing more to stop Russia
from um
interfering what's wrong with that
opinion when people say hey the Trump
Administration they should be doing more
to stop Russia from interfering
again what's wrong with that opinion is
how in the world would we know what
they're doing should we know what
they're doing would you want to know
what they're doing because it seems to
me that we usually respond in kind so in
other words if another country does
something to us
we probably respond with something
that's a similar level or a s a similar
situation wouldn't it make sense that
our cyber experts are so far up Putin's
ass right now that they can look at his
eyes don't you think that the president
and the Administration has sent a
message to Putin that if if they see a
trace of this again they're going to
take him out take him out meaning that
they're cyber operations would get
pretty serious sort of a mutually
assured destruction because you could
imagine that our cyber forces could do
any manner of damage over in Russia and
now having warned them as clearly as
possible about what would happen if they
do it again and knowing that we could
probably detect it would they do it
again and what what more could the
president say that would be more
effective than whatever we've already
said let me ask you this do you think
Putin is sitting over there in Russia
and saying to
himself I've got a free pass this next
election I'm going to go interfere again
because it wasn't you know the the
blowback wasn't that big you know I
think there were some sanctions right do
we still have some sanctions on them
because of their their involvement in
the election last time I don't think so
do you think Putin is saying it's
totally worth it I'm going to do it
again probably not you know he that
doesn't mean he wouldn't consider things
that he thought he could get away with
because if he thought he could get away
with it of course he' do it but does it
look like they can get away with cyber
stuff
anymore we're all going to be looking
for it we're going to see Russian
involvement even where there is no
Russian
involvement we're going to see nothing
but Russian involvement everywhere
everybody's going to be looking for it
so
if uh it feels to me that Trump or the
administration is probably doing as much
as they possibly could in terms of
making sure Russia has a very clear
message don't do this again and also
probably making it clear that they know
exactly what their future looks like if
they do it again and it's probably not
pleasant for
Russia um
um I wish someone would publish what
exactly they posted I don't know what
that means all right
um here's my idea for uh North
Korea you want to hear my new piece plan
for North Korea so we've got this little
impass where apparently we're all afraid
of who goes
first so not afraid of but nobody wants
to go first so Kim doesn't want to give
up his new
all of his nukes first before the US
does whatever he wants us to do to
deescalate uh get rid of the sanctions
and be less militarily aggressive I
suppose in whatever whatever way they're
talking about now
uh because we can't get past that us is
never going to go first and Kim really
can't go first even if he wants to get
to the end nobody knows how to go first
so so here's a suggestion I'm just going
to throw this
out what if the United States decided to
not only um declare an end to the Korean
War which would be symbolic it wouldn't
really wouldn't really have any impact
on the ground but suppose we suggested
to North
Korea that we would uh uh we would work
with them for their Mutual defense
against Russia
I'll let that sink in a little bit
suppose we made a deal with North
Korea to partner with them
militarily to protect them from
Russia now the first thing you might say
is they don't need any protection from
Russia Russia is their Ally they've been
they've been working well with Russia
since the beginning but here's the
thing here's the thing don't you think
North Korea is afraid of Russia don't
you think that North Korea worries that
Russia is trying to control them because
I'm sure they are why wouldn't they now
the uh your first reaction is this is
the this is a terrible idea and I get
that so we just talk let's just talk
through
it the the mental thing that happens if
you say hey North Korea it looks like we
have a common enemy so why don't we you
know join forces not militarily you know
I'm not talking about doing you know
joint military action I'm not talking
about arming North Korea with any kind
of weapons that would be any kind of a
threat to the the South or TOS I'm
talking about some kind of a a military
support
agreement you know something that
wouldn't bind us uh too much but would
show that we're sort of on their side
defending against Russia what makes this
interesting is it redefines the whole
situation and it gives Kim something to
show as
success not only did we uh end a war
with the United States and with South
Korea which would be a big
accomplishment we've actually joined
forces at least in some minor military
way and it could be more symbolic than
actual to protect against
Russia now I doubt they would take that
deal but here's the here's the uh the
bigger thinking about it how do you get
past the problem that nobody will go
first and the answer is you have to
shake the Box again you have to change
the variables in play if if what you're
thinking is you give us something and
then we give you something and then we
can have some kind of a peace deal
apparently that's not enough variables
because if it were we would already have
a deal and keep in mind that both sides
want to get to the same place it's not
like there's an actual disagreement
there's only a disagreement on the path
there's not a disagreement on the Endo
the end point is North Korea would like
to be
secure and we would like to not be
threatened you know there there's
economics uh involved with that but
basically that's it and since we don't
have any kind of an issue with North
Korea not being threatened I mean it's
we have no National interest in
threatening them and we don't have any
you know and likewise um we have no we
have no reason to want the other not to
get what they want so we should be able
to make a deal but we need to introduce
some variables so one of the variables
might be that whatever agreement we make
doesn't look like a simple agreement
between North Korea and South Korea and
the north to end nuclear war maybe you
have to broaden what you're talking
about for examp example um I've
mentioned before that maybe what we say
would say is um we'll work with North
Korea to make them the nuclear power
testing site for the world you could
test some you know generation four stuff
and then they they could transfer their
nuclear expertise it's about 75% um
useful for peaceful nuclear technology
so you could transfer your resources
that you built up and the public would
say hey this is great we got something
valuable we got peace out of our nuclear
program and we got energy and we got an
economic way forward this is all good so
it could be that you have to introduce
something like you know a you know a
nuclear related positive energy thing or
something to do with an international
agreement that would protect them in
ways that are not already protected so
think thinking broader is probably the
way past it that's
my that's my uh
suggestion um China doesn't like the
birth of American Ally next door
well you know we take that as
given but is there anything we couldn't
put in South
Korea that wouldn't be just as
threatening because I don't see I don't
see a world where we would ever aass
troops in North
Korea so I don't see any world in which
we would put military assets or boots on
the ground in North Korea and South
Korea is close enough to to China that
if we wanted to put nukes there uh there
would be and I'm not even sure we need
to be
nearby are we ever would we ever
contemplate a world in which we
physically attack mainland
China is China actually worried that the
United States would ever be part of a an
actual
Invasion like I don't I don't see them
worrying about that for one minute is
the United States worried that China
will try to physically invade the United
States like pull a bunch of boats up and
get out of the boats and start running
toward our our Shores I don't think so I
think we have zero worry about that
because we have things called airplanes
and missiles and stuff if we ever got
into a war with China
you know it's not going to happen with
bats and if it does it's going to be a
skirmish not a
war um so I would test I would test the
assumption that China has a big problem
with North Korea being okay with the
United States I just don't think it
makes that much difference as long as
there's no change in military assets and
indeed it might lead to fewer military
Assets in South Korea so it could be
that
that if the north gets friendly with the
United States it would reduce the amount
of military Assets in the neighborhood
of China because we just wouldn't need
it
uh all right I'll get rid of this
troll goodbye
troll what does Gordon Jang
say um lately whenever I hear Gordon
Jang who who is probably one of the most
knowledgeable people about that area uh
he usually is talking about China uh
shating the United States and how we
must be a lot
tougher um and I'm sure he's right about
that uh
all
right simulation today you have
questions about the
simulation where is justice Bader when
was the last time we saw
her Chang does not think Kim is
winning uh um you know somebody asked me
somebody's asking here uh what does dtz
think of the mullet report and I haven't
seen him which is weird you would think
he would be one of the primary people
you'd see but I've not seen anything
from dwood so if anybody's seen it
tweeted at
me Trump approval is down to 37%
somebody says I haven't seen any I have
not seen that but if that's true it
would be a headline on CNN let's see if
they have anything like that
I don't see it it might depend which
survey you're looking at oh D said an
article on the hill
okay um my book loser think which I am
happy to say was
accepted uh
yesterday so my publisher accepted my
manuscript now it was you know I knew it
would be accepted eventually because we
have a long history and I know how to do
these things writing books that is uh
but it is always a big big day for an
author to be done with a book now
remember I have a you know a day job
plus this so writing you know adding
writing an entire book on top of what
you were already doing your your
full-time job that you already had is a
really hard thing to do uh I don't know
if you can quite understand how hard it
is to hold the material of a book in
your head because for months and months
you have to hold in your head all of the
chapters you have to keep you know
reconfiguring them in your mind figuring
you know you have to learn which ones
are stronger and weaker and how they all
tie together you have to figure out sort
of a a story arc even though it's
non-fiction you have to you have to
figure out a beginning and the middle
and the end so the the engineering
complexity of writing a book The Kind at
least the books that I write just the
the complexity of the actual engineer
hearing of the writing is insane it is
so brain draining that it's it's hard to
explain if you when you think about
writing you're typically you know if
you're imagining being a writer you say
to yourself okay if I can imagine what
that would be you're sitting in front of
your keyboard and you know what you're
going to write about you've either
researched it or something you know and
you're writing sentences so you're your
your imagination of what it's like to be
a writer if you're not one it's probably
about writing sentences that fit well
together but it's actually layer on top
of layer on top of layer of uh how
simple it is who's your audience you
know have you have you connected your
thoughts how many thoughts are there how
long is it how do you engineer them
together how do you manage people's
feelings how do you how do you talk to
the audience and still tell them
something new uh how do you add layers
of humor is there a visual element to
add a visual element how do you tie this
all to the headlines how do you tie it
to the Zeitgeist something people are
already thinking about how do you make
sure that people see it as something new
because there are so many books in the
world how how do you prevent somebody
saying oh I think there's so many books
like this already how do you do all
those things you have something
like a 25 Dimension problem and every
time you sit down to write a
sentence you have to imagine all all 25
Dimensions so that your one sentence
you're writing and there will be many
sentences in your book that every
sentence makes sense with about 25
Dimensions so that's what it's like to
write a book and if you could imagine
how absorbing that is and how much it it
takes of your gray matter you know I
mean I I barely have enough left over to
drive a car you know it it's so
completely absorbing
um now not
everybody not everybody uh writes books
with the same method I do so uh I know
from experience that a lot of you have
curiosity about the mental process or
the business process of writing
book and I I understand because I had
the same curiosity before I was doing it
um I usually work in
layers meaning that I start laying down
a layer and I'll go back to that layer
and I'll rework it lots and lots of
times but until I I've got a layer that
I like I don't add the next layer so for
example one layer might be an outline of
the general topics I want to include in
the book that just so I'll make sure
I've got the topics and they're roughly
in the order that I want them that's one
layer but then I've got to tie them all
together I've got to make sure that they
make sense as a whole that's another
layer I've got to add uh a style of
writing which could be different
depending on who the audience is so my
style might be simple or it might be
more academic or it might be more
lighthearted or it might be something
else at some point I add humor so I
might actually write an entire book and
then go through and then change some of
the sentences to funnier versions of the
sentence so that's a whole other layer
so uh yeah and then organiz ation wise
somebody asked a question how do you
organize a book and the answer is um
there's some things that you need to
have in some places so typically your
first chapter or two you want to be
really really strong and you want it to
be the one that makes you curious for
the rest of the book so your first two
chapters are really a a marketing job
for the rest of the book so marketing is
another layer you're you're actually
marketing the book within the book
because if somebody reads the first few
pages that does not mean they're going
to read the rest of the book A lot of
people bail out so your first few pages
are really a marketing plan to get
somebody to read the rest of the book um
then then the last part the last chapter
you want to leave people with something
that they take value from and ideally
something they feel so if you get to the
last page of a book and you don't feel a
sensation then you haven't done it right
or at least you haven't done it as well
as you could you want somebody to feel
at the end of the book one of these
things it could be any of these things
but you want them to feel one of these
things one I've got to talk to somebody
about this right away if at the end of a
book somebody is saying I need to talk
to somebody about this this is so
interesting I just got to go talk to my
friend about this that that's a good
book if they feel oh my God I just got
to
chill that's a good book if their body
if they're crying if they're if they
feel inspired that's a good book if you
can get somebody at the end of the book
and they say to themselves I'm
definitely going to read this book
again that one I love all right if if
the last word somebody reads in your
book they read that last word and the
next thing they think is damn I got to
read this book again not right not today
but I want to read it again um so th
those are just some of the things that
you want people to see at the end feel
at the end of the book The Middle of the
book tends to be a lot of the the let's
say the bread and butter the the meat
and potatoes the the information that
may not be fascinating but is still the
the meat of the book you know the the
real important factual good points you
know solid thinking Etc so the middle of
the book can sometimes be less
interesting at the same time it's more
useful so it could be the the useful
part of the book in the middle but as an
author you know that because it's
factually thick it's going to be hard to
make it interesting at the same time so
if you got a lot of stuff you're trying
to convey you don't have as much uh
wiggle room for adding the art and the
feel and the you know guiding the
guiding The Reader through so so those
are your Basics you want a big opening
that's really the marketing to tell
people yeah I really do want to read the
rest of this book so that's your good
stuff the middle might be less
fascinating but more useful so the first
part is is more is more you know getting
you interested and getting you excited
the middle part might be less
exciting but really the useful part of
the book and then at the end you want to
leave them with a feeling you want it's
like a gift you what what gift did you
give them at the end of the book so
that's for non-fiction for fiction
you've got a whole story arc that's a
different deal all right that's more
than most of you want to here so I will
end here and I will hope that you have a
great weekend and I will talk to you
later