well what a day what a day what a day it
is we got stuff to talk about today
don't we oh
yeah all right
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
pretty sure there's never been a better
time in your life but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper mug or a glass a tanker
chalice or Stein a canteen Jugger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh so
good well as you know today is Wednesday
and Wednesday in my town well actually
in my neighborhood is garbage
day so today's garbage day I'll be
taking out my garbage
today you know what I I should just do
it
now yeah just do it
[Music]
now I'm in the
garbage was that was I was that what I
was supposed to
do I'll be doing the rest of the show
from the
garbage no it's not true
it's not true I'm not garbage I'm a man
I'm a man not
garbage we'll get to that we'll get to
that anyway here according to the
guardian some science that uh you didn't
need to read because you could just ask
me did you know that if you experience
intense emotions with other people it
makes you feel more connected to
them yeah you do you knew that everybody
knew that everybody in the entire world
knew that if you
experience you know you have some
experience with somebody that you bond
with them forever that is why people who
were in who were in the military
together tend to bond forever College
roommates tend to bond forever because
of these big experiences if you go to a
movie and it's a scary movie uh if you
take a woman
which is a good
idea
sorry um you can um maybe make that
woman fall in love with you because
people uh
confuse fear and strong emotions With
Love Actually I learned that from uh
chelini in his book
influence so yes if you want to bond
with somebody you have to do things
that's why guys like to bond over Sports
cuz even even though sports are you know
not important if you're just playing
them for for
fun um it's really emotional you have
like a really good time when you win and
a really bad time when you lose and
you're mad at your teammates and you're
mad at the other team and when you're
done you Bond like crazy you know just
because you've had this you know
physical and emotional experience
together
now keep that in mind this science will
come back later as a call back when we
talk about politics
yeah did you know that also in a
completely unrelated story that there's
a new kind of algae called
chonus that has been discovered
according to the Weiss Institute at
Harvard and it can suck up an amazing
amount of CO2 and then it's heavier than
water and then it sinks in the ocean so
if you got a whole bunch of this algae
you can suck the CO2 out of the air and
into the ocean and save the world from
climate
change I'd like to take a moment for the
NPCs now as you know whenever this topic
comes up the idea of removing CO2 from
the air there's something that the NPCs
must say they have to say they can't
prevent themselves they try not to say
it but they can't they can't they have
to say it so I'm going to say it for you
to save you some time all right speaking
on behalf of all
NPCs stop taking all the plant food out
of the air the plants need the CO2 if
you take the plant food out of the air
the plants will all die and then we will
all starve to death for the lack of
plants so please please do not take all
the CO2 out of my air I would like to
live I want to live let me
live and
SC meanwhile California built the first
carbon capture plant they got greenlit
uh and it's according to IFL science and
it's going to absorb 46 million tons of
CO2 hold on hold on co2 stop stop taking
my CO2 you're taking my yeah you're
taking my plant food again you're taking
my plant food with the algae and you're
taking my plant food with the California
CO2 please please give me my plant food
back please please give me my plant food
back are we all good
good all right well here's some more
good
news yeah I'm except for the part where
you won't have any plants uh billionaire
investor John pson is being considered a
potential treasury Secretary of trump
wins and uh he said he would plan to
work with Elon mus to slash federal
spending particularly in the green
energy subsidy wait what he might slash
all the green energy subsidy good news
people good news your PL food is coming
back Yep looks like we're going to have
some people who are going to bring you
back your CO2 your plants will be fine
don't worry all you need is Trump he'll
he'll save the cats and save the dogs
and you'll eat the plants so that's
really the the primary difference
between the Democrat ticket and the
Republican Democrat ticket you going to
eat your cat and your dog
uh because the plants will all be dead
because you sucked all the CO2 out of
the air but with Trump you'll keep some
CO2 in the air you'll eat the plants
you'll pet the dogs you'll pet the cats
what do you what do you want do you want
to pet the dogs and cats or do you want
to eat them choose
wisely because that's all that matters
in this
election meanwhile Joe Rogan says he's
uh not agreeing with Comm Harris
campaign to do an interview K did say
she would do an interview with Joe Rogan
so that seemed like a change but she
wanted it to last only one hour which I
totally understand having done the show
three hours is a long time for your
bladder I'll tell you if you're if your
bladder could go three hours in The Joe
Rogan show you're a better man than I am
um but uh he he would have had to go to
wherever she was and he thinks it would
be better if he did it in his Studios
and I don't think he liked the 1 hour
thing either so looks like that's not
going to
happen well sketchy things are happening
with the elections I don't know how many
of these to believe I read today a
debunk of a number of claims of election
fraud so these smaller claims of
somebody did something with a box or
something and uh you should be aware
that for most of the claims you've been
hearing
there's a counter claim as in well you
got the context wrong or it's not what
you think or it's such a small number
that sort of thing so I haven't seen
anything that looks like it would change
the overall result but we got lots of
sketchy stuff happening for example in
Pennsylvania residents are getting uh
these fake texts uh telling them that
they've already voted presumably that
would cause them not to vote or they
might think they get in trouble for for
voting twice so it would keep them home
um allegedly according to Andy no um
there's an organization called all vote
that has done some sketchy stuff before
some say and is behind it uh it's run by
a trans activist I
think the thousands of pennsylvanians
allegedly got these fake things asking
them or telling them that they've
already voted
um in other news here's my own personal
scoop um I know from only one person so
this is an anecdote of one there is one
European in Europe who is getting texts
on a regular basis encouraging him to
vote in the American
election now he's not a citizen but it
doesn't look like there would be
anything that would stop him from voting
if he clicked on the links and voted
he's not going to vote because he's not
a citizen he's not going to break the
law but he wants me to know and now I
want you to
know that uh there's at least somebody
in Europe who's getting repeated texts
you know it's it's not just once he's
getting slammed with texts to vote how
many people in Europe are going to
vote just because I got a text and they
thought well what the hell there's no
nobody's going to arrest me here in
Europe I mean if I voted in let's say
the Russian election because I got a
text that said I could and then I voted
you know follow some link or something I
wouldn't worry about Putin arresting
me right he's not going to come over
here and arrest me so I can't imagine
that any
non-american somebody living in another
country would really care too much if
they voted in America and you know it
was illegal so how how big a deal is
that no way to know but it seems to me
that election rigging if it exists
hypothetically
would be a distributed
model because then you could you could
catch every distributed piece of it and
it would never add up to changing the
election result so if you had let's say
15 different ways that you were cheating
and people CAU three of
them they'd add them up and the courts
would say ah if you added it all
together it wouldn't even change the
election so get out of here you guys but
there were 15 of them you only caught
three so it looks to me like based on
all the the small anecdotal reports that
wouldn't have changed the entire
election probably that uh there might be
a
multi-pronged approach where nobody has
too much risk because their own crimes
are
smallish uh but if you added them all
together they would change the election
now who knows if it's coordinated I
don't could be just a bunch of people
know what to do and have access and
you know they don't need any orders from
above they just want their side to win
so we're never going to know how much
the cheating and irregularities are
affecting
anything uh there's a homeless man who
admits that he set some B boxes on fire
a mailbox I guess a mailbox and had some
ballots in it we don't know how many
according to the post millennial I
wouldn't be worried about that either
that's it's just sort of a oneoff
somebody homeless
guy um let's see what else do we got
here um apparently according to reclaim
the net the New York
Times is reaching out to
conservatives to comment on an article
that takes a look on how political
comment commentators have discussed the
upcoming elections on
YouTube uh
so so here's one of those stories where
if you know what is happening you don't
know anything you have to know the
players if you know who's involved then
suddenly it all snaps into place all
right so what I told you so far you
don't know enough so far all you know is
that uh the New York Times wanted to
talk to a bunch of conservative people
like talk Carlson Ben Shapiro Tim Po
that kind of people and I asked them
about their content on
YouTube now if that's all you knew you'd
say huh I don't know what kind of his
story is even there but suppose you knew
that it was based on an analysis
conducted by researchers at Media
Matters for
America oh now it all makes
sense it all came together just then but
you had to know the players so Media
Matters is basically a uh a really the
the the worst reputation of an
organization you could possibly have for
being a biased political entity so it's
basically just the dirty tricks media
portion of the Democrat machine so it's
a sort of a publication but it's pure
propaganda it's dishonest it's just
garbage but the New York Times is the
highest level of credibility for the
people who don't understand the media
you know lands landscape which is most
people so there so the lowest level of
credibility did an
analysis and because the analysis
exists that allows the highest level of
credibility but not really they're
actually low credibility too the New
York Times to launder the lowest
credibility analysis into the highest
level of credibility and then if they
talk to the political people then
they've got a story to make them all
look bad I don't even know what the
story was about but obviously it was to
make them look bad so I think uh I
believe terer Carlson's response was
 you uh Ben Shapiro you Tim P
 you I don't know if anybody talked
to
him that they didn't actually use those
exact words uh but I think the
conservatives were smart enough that
they saw Media Matters bing bing bing
bing bing they saw New York Times bing
bing bing bing bing and it was a story
about YouTube bing bing bing bing bing
and they said that's three strikes
you're out there's no way I'm going to
talk to you and that was the right
answer now compare
this to how let's say uh naive we all
were in
2016 there was a time when I would have
taken that interview you know I was I
was not contacted but if I had
been um unless I didn't unless they
called and I thought it was spam or
something but uh in 2016 I would have
taken the
interview in in 2024 I would have
laughed at them probably insulted
them and just let it go so things are
really different the the the thing that
the Democrats have not quite grasped yet
is the degree to which the uh political
right has decoded their entire
program the the right now understands
all the players we know all the players
and we know which networks of players
are connected to which people we know
how they do The Fakes we know how they
create the fake news we know how they
bolster each other we know how they do a
wrap-up smear we know how they edit and
create Roar videos we know it all now so
all the things that would have worked in
2016
it's going to be a lot harder to make
them work this time and I don't know
that they have enough new
ideas that they can get past the fact
that the right is caught up to them
we'll
see anyway um did you
know that um most voters will be women
so if the election in 20120 was 52%
Women Voters in
America um that would not be enough
maybe to be Trump this time but they
think that if the female vote gets to 54
or
55% then Harris is going to win
easily and it could it does seem to me
that the abortion question could be big
enough to motivate the women the the
thing that I'm wondering about is
organization I'm kind of wondering if
you had a contest of anything just any
contest and he said it's going to be the
boys against the
girls and the contest will be really
determined based on who is better at
organizing so it's not even the
performance of the people the individual
players yeah the the side that's best
organized
strategically is going to be the ones
that win who would you bet on American
women or American men
adults to be the most organized and
actually get out to vote and and get
their friends to vote and all that who
would be most
organized I think
women yeah if if we can be sexist and
real for a
moment I think women under the following
circumstances they care more than the
men right if the women care about the
outcome more than the men care then
theen will be better organized and get a
better outcome however if it becomes
life and death as in protecting the
country from complete destruction the
men will be better
organized because they'll have a
biological just trigger that says oh now
I run toward danger I don't think women
have the same trigger now women have an
extreme trigger because the whole bodily
autonomy thing is such a big big issue
so you have in this this
race two forces that we've never seen
before this size I've never seen the the
abortion energy this
big um and I've also never seen the uh
oh this one this time we actually have
to save the country we're literally in
an existential risk I've never seen that
before this is the first time I think
it's really we're looking at an end game
when the end game becomes obvious men
men are
activated so I think you're going to see
probably the biggest turnout we've ever
seen and I think both will be better
than normal because they'll both
organize better than normal but women
are are women are fighting for bodily
autonomy as important as that is to
every
individual the the uh survival of the
collective is
bigger no matter how much you care about
your own life and the life of The Unborn
let's say uh is
smaller than the care for the entire
country so I think the risk to the
entire country is what men are responded
to the risk to women who would be in
this specific situation highly important
to the people who are in the situation
but if you're not in the situation where
you're not dealing with an unwanted
pregnancy um it doesn't affect you that
much but the end of America
itself it's hard to ignore that so I'm
going to say and this is very tentative
I think men will be surprisingly well
organized and by organized it doesn't
even mean somebody necessarily talked to
you or organized you or or offered you a
ride I think men
self-organize when they they just get
the call right the the call is so
clear now let me ask you let me ask the
men so most of my audience is usually
more men than women so probably 85%
men how many of you feel what I'm
talking about like you feel it
biologically that this is when you can't
sit down other elections you might have
really wanted to wanted to vote but you
think well if I didn't it wouldn't be
the end of the world but it feels like
this could be the end of the world
th this doesn't feel like anything else
I've ever been involved with this feels
like this is the one it feels like
1776 it it feels like you're going to
have to put everything on the
field uh you can't leave anything behind
if you've got a friend or a co-worker or
somebody you think is going to vote they
don't have a
ride this time you offer him a
ride maybe if it was another election
you say you'll figure it out but not
this time
this time you say I'll give you a ride
because we're all in this time this is
the big
one so we'll see boys against the
girls um did you know that
APAC that is the uh the American uh
lobbying entity that lobbies for the
benefit of Israel um they're all very
public and everything's above board and
legal and transparent and everything but
did you know that they um sponsor a
tremendous amount of trips for our
politicians to go to
Israel and more than a quarter of the
4,100 privately sponsored foreign trips
were to
Israel since
2012 according to a study by the Howard
Center um so that's more trips to Israel
than to the entire Western hemisphere in
the continent of Africa
combined now do you remember my first
story my first story was that if you
have a intense emotional
experience with anybody you bond with
them completely and it doesn't matter
what the experience is could be a war
experience a a movie that made you both
cry uh you both saw an accident
somewhere you you both help somebody and
of a burning building something like
that well now consider the pers
persuasion power of Israel which by its
nature because it's Israel it's the holy
lands for so many people that if you if
you bring somebody over in a luxury
presumably they're not going they're not
flying coach I assume right so you get
your nice first PL first first class
ticket and you're staying at the best
hotel and really friendly uh hosts greet
you make sure make sure you've got a you
know a basket when you get there of
goods and things to chew on and and then
they take you on tours and it blows you
away like you you actually put your hand
on the Wailing Wall and like you can
feel history and and and you hear stuff
like all right now you're walking the
same path that Jesus walked I don't know
if that's really a thing but you know
something of that nature and you're
going to be saying oh my oh my
really like Jesus walked the same little
pathway well we think so or whatever it
is
presumably people would have a an
emotional experience going to
Israel probably more than most
destinations and especially if the trip
is made to be very um very
impactful that is so persuasive as a
process that I don't I'm not entirely
sure it should be legal it is legal it's
all above board and you know the reason
we know about it's all public so one of
the reasons that when people say to me
but Scott you should be complaining
about APAC distorting the policies of
the United States I say back to you what
law are they
breaking what are they hiding
nothing the the I think the mission of
the organization says exactly what they
are and what they do and then they do
exactly what they are and what they do
right in front of you and it's really
really effective all I'm adding is it's
so effective that I don't know if
anybody contemplated how effective this
could be so we should at least give a
thought at least give a thought to how
powerful this is when you take somebody
on an emotional trip and they come back
I'll bet they're not supporting the
Palestinians so much as they're
supporting Israel now Israel's our Ally
so it's not like it's a problem right
I'm not I'm not treating it as a problem
I'm saying are we doing this
intentionally is is it our desire that
we would have one country an ally a very
close Ally having this much control over
our mental
faculties maybe there's nothing wrong
with
it but just be aware that this level of
persuasion is not like anything
else right yeah our opinions of let's
say
Japan I don't think are influenced by
having our politicians fly over and have
great times in Japan although there's
probably a little bit of that but it's
so so
powerful um I I guess I'm just
complimenting them for doing something
that's totally legal and really powerful
for bang for the puck
all right um let's talk about uh Biden
calling Trump supporters
garbage
now you're not going to love everything
I say about this
topic but uh here's here's what uh um
Biden
said uh he said uh he was talking about
the comedian who said that uh jokingly
said that Puerto Rico was a floating
island of garbage because Puerto Rico
apparently has this massive floating
garbage problem they just the island is
literally got a big garbage problem um
so since that seemed offensive to Puerto
Ricans and to other
people um bid wanted to get into it and
he said
quote uh the only garbage I see floating
out there is his
supporters his his demonization of
Latinos is uncontable and it's
unamerican so let me read it again right
the only garbage I see floating out
there is his
supporters so did he just
call did Biden just call half of the
country who the ones who support Trump
did he just call them garbage like
me I'm looking at were walls of yeses
now the reason you're saying yes if I
can read your mind and you can tell me
if I'm getting it correctly is you heard
it with your own ears correct everybody
you heard it with your own ears probably
if you didn't hear it with your own ears
you probably read it so you read the
transcript you heard it some of you may
have seen
it so you saw it you heard it you read
the
transcript how could it possibly not be
true
do you remember when the news told you
that President Trump suggested injecting
bleach do you know why people said that
was true they heard it with their own
ears they saw him say
it and they saw the
transcript it didn't happen and he
wasn't talking about any liquid
disinfectants either he was talking
about light but they took out the light
parts and if you take out his reference
to light before and after he was talking
it looks like it was something else
remember the fine people hoax of course
you
do do you know what people uh said when
I said that's a hoax they
said Scott I heard it with my own ears I
saw it with my own eyes and I read the
transcript of course it happened except
that it didn't the part you heard and
saw and what you wrot in the transcript
were edited and they were edited to
actually reverse the meaning of what he
said
now if you didn't learn from those two
examples that you can see it hear it and
read the transcript and it's completely
false then you're definitely not going
to believe what I'm going to tell you
next this story is total he
didn't say
that no he didn't say that let me tell
you what he
said the supporters the word
supporters if you thought the supporters
was apostrophe
s then what it means is the only garbage
I see floating out there is coming from
his
supporters meaning the things they say
about Puerto
Rico the only garbage is something that
belongs to his supporters possessive s
now can you hear it let me pron let me
pronounce them them differently all
right they're supporter
would just n in which case if he said
supporters would just n he called
Republicans
garbage but if he was saying
supporters he was saying something that
they possess which is the things they
say so here's here's how it sounds when
there's no
apostrophe
supporters here's how it sounds with
with the
apostrophe supporters
you want to hear him again see if you
can guess which one it is guess which
one has the apostrophe
supporters and now the second one
supporters so you so you know what
happened because you heard it with your
own ears
right I guess that's pretty
reliable then but you also saw it with
your own
eyes could you see the uh apostrophe
with your own eyes did did they like it
come out of his mouth can you see it
floating there for a little while know
your eyes didn't help you in this case
your eyes were not useful how about the
transcript you read the transcript well
who made the
transcript the the Republicans who made
the
transcript left off the apostrophe or
decided it wasn't there in the first
place when the Democrats showed you the
transcript well there it was huh there's
that
apostrophe now what makes me think think
that one
interpretation is favored over the other
interpretation like why why would I
think that Trump that uh Biden who's
called uh you know he's called Trump
supporters a lot of things I mean
essentially fascists and everything else
why would I think that he would not call
them
garbage it's the fine people Ox people
it's the drinking bleach for
people there is no president who stands
in front of the world and calls
neo-nazis fine people you didn't need to
check the transcript you didn't need to
hear it again you didn't need to hear it
without the edit there's no president no
president not Trump not anybody in the
United States who stands in front of the
world and says yep those Nazis are fine
people you didn't need to do any
research how about that Trump said what
about in injecting bleach no you didn't
need to look at the transcript you
didn't need to hear it you didn't need
to see it to know it didn't happen
there's no such thing as a president who
goes in front of the world and suggests
hey what about injecting bleach or even
injecting some kind of household cleaner
that didn't happen you don't have to
research it on its surface you can tell
it didn't
happen now do you think that the
president of the United States Joe Biden
went in front of the world and said and
meant it half of the country are garbage
no he didn't say
that nobody would say that nobody would
say that not Biden not with dementia not
not Clinton even as bad as she is even
Clinton said it at a at a you know
private event and even she said it was
referring to a portion you know wasn't
all Republicans so so it's never
happened and never will happen you're
never going to see a president call
anybody fine people Nazis you're never
going to see a president suggest
injecting bleach into your body and
you're never going to see a president
saying half of the country are
garbage but you're
definitely going to see a president say
that if somebody said something terrible
that they were talking garbage that
would be ordinary
so I give you my 100% uncertainty that
Joe Biden and you could have replaced
him with any president and I would say
the same thing there's no way in
hell he meant that the people are
garbage all right if if you were if you
were so primed to believe that anybody
would have said that you have to ask
yourself how easy was it for the
Democrats to believe the fine people
Oaks pretty
easy pretty easy how easy was it for the
Democrats to believe the uh the liars
and suckers Hox pretty easy it's easy to
believe like really really easy
now having said that Joe Biden the
biggest piece of lying piece of in
the whole world a
corrupt
divisive piece of ran on the fine
people hoax he knew it was a hoax he
divided the country in terrible in half
and so with your permission I'm going to
treat this like he really called half
the country garbage you okay with
that everybody
okay I I'm going to from from this point
on I'm going to uh I'll repost any funny
memes I will make jokes about him
calling us garbage I will treat it as
though it's
true
why because he does not deserve my
honesty he doesn't deserve it
nope I I can think of a 100 Republicans
or 100 Democrats who even if I didn't
like their policies I would say wh this
is too far this is too far I don't like
this politician's policies but I'm not
going to say that you just called half
the country garbage because that didn't
happen no you piece of
Biden you called the fine people hoax
the reason for running you are the
lowest lingest most despicable piece of
garbage in the whole country so
yes I'm going to act like you actually
said this because of the fine people
Oaks and if you have a problem with it
just tell everybody it's because of the
fine people Oaks right it's not any
other
reason so yes on
Halloween uh I expect to dress up as a
piece of garbage I'm going to put on an
old shirt and I'm going to get some uh
pins or some tape and I'm going to some
get some garbage out of my garbage and
I'm going to attach it to my
shirt and I'm not going to say a thing
and I'm going to answer the door
trick-or-treating in my neighborhood and
I'm going to act like I think Biden the
biggest piece of in the whole
 world actually called the
country
garbage so I'm 100% in on that just
isn't really
um covich was on Jeff Bezos he goes Jeff
Bezos WR wrote an opad in the Washington
Post describing why people don't trust
the news so that happened yesterday and
then as serno points out today the
Washington Post lied about Joe Biden's
comments which are on video where he
called Trump voters
garbage I agree with you Mike
cernovich that's exactly what happened
um Politico went further and just
changed the
quote here's what Politico did to try to
save him uh they changed his quote to
the only garbage and then they go was
the then quote hatred so now that
they're just taking his words and
rearranging them uh the only garbage was
the hatred that Trump support said so
they actually had to change the
words and put them in quotes
do you understand that they put the
words in quotes but they are not what he
said do you know what quotes are for
quotes are to tell the reader this is
exactly what he said they put the quotes
around three words that are exactly what
he said but not in the context which he
said it and then they put quotes around
one word hatred which also is an a
context of how he said it no you don't
just put a quote around every word in
the dictionary and then say that the the
that this guy said everything in the
dictionary every every possible word
combination because he's used all these
words no you don't get to do that
Politico Politico you are just
propaganda at this
point just propaganda well Katherine
herriage has a uh looks like a scoop
about a whistleblower an IRS
whistleblower who says that when the
hunter laptop thing first came up and
the IRS was looking at it that they knew
it was real immediately
so the government lied to us for a long
time and uh that there were a lot of
over investigative steps that were not
allowed so exactly what you thought the
government said don't investigate this
because it's the president's son and uh
the prosecutors told us that they didn't
want to ask about quote the big guy that
was mentioned in the laptop because that
would have made it clear that Biden was
corrupt and working deals with his son
in other countries
uh The Whistleblower says that they
corroborated that the big guy was Joe
Biden and there was never any question
about it and uh that the reason they
held back was for the purpose of
affecting the 2020 election so here we
have an actual witness to government uh
FBI uh corruption and affecting the
election but we also have another
whistleblower according to Carri picket
in the Washington Times that uh that
James Comey and this this is the first
time I've heard this story had FBI quote
Honeypot spies infiltrate Trump's 2016
campaign this was an off the books
investigation allegedly from a
whistleblower there was before the
Russia collusion probe so in other words
James Comey authorized inserting some
agents to spy on Trump without any
indication that there was anything that
was a reason for spying that would be
very
illegal um and that he was targeted soon
after he announced his campaign my God
yeah an FBI agent involved in probe
revealed the off books criminal
investigation all right if you going to
call it off
book Let's be a little more clear off
book means it's illegal right
does the FBI just get to do any little
secret things looking for dirt no I
don't think off book is a exactly just
the right word for this you know maybe
they've got some term of art like that
but if it's off book sounds illegal to
me it sounds like somebody should go to
prison for this to me if it's true
remember it's remember it's a week
before the election and they're
whistleblowers so you got to put a
little uh grain of salt on The
Whistleblower you know a week before an
election um and apparently the whistle
lur says that there were two female FBI
undercover agents and that's the honey
part part part the honey pot part the
honey poot is that men especially will
tell attractive women things they won't
tell anybody else
so this was really just fishing around
for some way to take him out of office I
would say this looks like well it's got
to be some kind of crime I mean I would
think that most of the FBI has to be uh
eliminated at least at the uh at the
management
level and let's see uh Michael
shellenberger uh gives us a little
summary here he says of all all the
major elements of the FBI and CIA
conspiracy to interfere in the 2020
elections on behalf of Joe Biden Joe
Biden are now confirmed right so these
are the things that Michael
shellenberger who does a really good job
of making making sure things are you
know accurate and have sources and are
confirmed he says the following things
are confirmed right now again remember I
told you if you only know what's in the
news you don't know anything you have to
know the people so in this case the
people is shellenberger so if you didn't
know that his credibility is Skyhigh
compared to any of these other entities
you're hearing about this wouldn't sound
as powerful this is one of the most
credible people if not the most credible
in in the entire media landscape right
here's what he says FBI had the hunter
Biden laptop in 2019 and knew it was
real the FBI were spy spying on Giuliani
and knew he would give the laptop to the
media FBI ran a disinformation campaign
in 2020 to pre-b punk the story that's
where they told the media oh there might
be this fake Russia thing so don't trust
it then uh former FBI General councel
turned uh Twitter uh councel Jim Baker
convinced colleagues at what was Twitter
to censor the New York Post story after
they had determined that it was not in
violation so they censored it even
knowing that they didn't have a rule
that would cause them to censor it CIA
director Gina haspel approved within a
few hours a disinformation campaign by
the 51 former CIA and other intelligence
people
so that came from the top the very top
of the CIA authorized a
domestic disinformation campaign did you
ever wonder why Brennan and Clapper
never went to jail or got
punished because they had orders they
were they were totally within the legal
structure of
our our our spies I
guess
and so millions of people um and almost
certainly changed the election
outcome so there's
that um and now Victoria newand is
making accusations that Putin's got a
brand new very very powerful tool which
is Elon
Musk so now Elon Musk is
being branded like Trump was as the best
friend of
Putin uh which you know there's no
evidence of that of course but um if you
didn't know the Victoria
Newland tends to be mentioned in the
stories about the worst behavior of the
American
government uh it would be one thing if
an ordinary pundit said hey I think Elon
Musk and P and Putin are getting too
close but when it comes from Victoria
Newland it suggests that the darkest
worst parts of our government are going
to Target
mosque that's what looks like it looks
like he'll be Target he's obviously
already targeted but when Victoria nulan
gets in the game again remember it's not
what's happening because it would sound
like nothing's happening this this story
if all you heard was oh there's somebody
in the government who's mocking Elon for
having you know communicated with Putin
that wouldn't be much of anything but if
it's Victoria nuland and she's saying it
in public she's basically sending the
signal to all the other dark parts of
the government this guy's our enemy and
that is super
dangerous anyway
um breit Bart is talking about a uh
there's a fitness app called
Strava and uh this is very clever
apparently you can tell where the other
Strava users are um I'm not sure if
every user can do that or you have to
have access to the company company but
you can tell where some of them are at
some time and unfortunately some of the
Secret Service people who guard our top
politicians use the
app which means you can tell where where
the top politician is by where the uh
the Secret Service is now I don't
believe the Secret Service gets to use
uh personal devices when they're on the
clock so if actually at the at the rally
I don't think they've got their own
phone in their pocket with an app on it
that could be traced
but when they're off duty they go back
to the
hotel I assume they use a regular phone
and maybe that they you could tell he's
at least in town which is more
information maybe you want to give
out so I don't know if that's a gigantic
problem or not but uh it's one i' take a
look at in other news there's a dramatic
drop in marijuana use among uh the youth
in the United States it's really
big and I have no idea why why would
marijuana use uh drastically drop in
high
schools in the last few years is it
because the parents are doing it and it
became
uncool is that the whole thing CU I
think the young people are doing uh less
drinking and nothing changed with that
so is it just because it became legal it
wasn't cool anymore or did people just
catch on that the people who are getting
high in you know eighth grade were not
exactly excelling later
on I don't know there's a mystery to
that I do wonder if the data is accurate
so maybe it's just bad data that's a
possibility all right ladies and
gentlemen that is what I have prepared
and I am open to questions so I'm going
to look at your questions coming in on
the uh on the
app and see if you got anything you want
want me to talk about uh it's the the
big question I think for all of
us is what's going to happen after
election day because it doesn't look to
me like there's really any chance we'll
have an a
result it does look like there will be
um just lots of claims of fraud most of
them will not be real remember 95 to 98%
of all claims of election fraud are not
going to check out or or they'll know
somebody won't have standing or it won't
be enough to change the result or it'll
be delayed or something so most of them
aren't going to mean anything but
there's going to be a lot of them so
what do you
do what do you do well
well here's where I default to my frame
for what happens after the election I
say that the American system is
where uh our political system is an
adversarial system meaning that you're
supposed to run against somebody you're
running against the other team so you're
adversaries politically but we're not
adversaries in life right if my neighbor
wants to vote a different way from me I
still like my
neighbor that that doesn't bother me at
all if you like different policies you
know I I might have a problem with the
politician but if the if the neighbor
wants a different set of
policies I still love my
neighbor but here's what here's how I
see
it we need this peaceful transfer of
power and I agree with everybody who has
ever said that's foundational to what is
America you take that away and
everything's gone that's the thing now
of course you need a honest media
landscape in order for any of this to be
useful because otherwise we just get
brainwashed to pick whoever they want us
to pick but if you have a media this
functioning and X is really making a big
difference at this
point uh and you have peaceful transfers
of
power um you're in pretty good
shape pretty good shape because it' be
be harder for the bad guys to take over
in that but I would I would add this
part of the
frame January 20th is the peaceful
transfer of power November 5th is the
election everything that happens between
November 5th and January 20th including
January 6 when when an election should
be certified but maybe it won't someday
everything that happens between the
election and January
20th is the adversarial
process and as long as nobody pulls a
gun and if they do they need to be taken
down and go to jail but if nobody pulls
a
gun we can fight it out and when I say
fight I don't mean physical duh I mean
take it to court protest um talk to your
neighbors make phone calls donate money
whatever you have to do so
we're going to have a hell of a
fight until January
20th but I'm very committed to a
peaceful
transfer be as be as loud as you need to
be until January 20th but we should also
make
it you know an
objective that uh January 20th is the
end of the
fight no no matter what happens now I
think that we've got a supreme court
that would protect us from the worst
excesses that you could imagine because
the the court is leaning right and
they're you know more originalist Etc so
I think we'll be fine but whatever
happens between election and January
20th that is not how we should judge
each
other that's one of my problems with
January
6 we shouldn't have been judging each
other on that day that was well within
the fighted out phase that was well
within the hey this is the period where
we always about the outcome this
is the period where somebody always says
it's unfair this is part where legal
challenges are made Let's do all of that
let's do it up and the other team will
be doing it and we'll both do it but
let's let's be let's be clear that
January 6 is between those
dates it's not the key date it's between
the key dates there's the election
really important and then there's the
peaceful transfer of power that damn it
we're going to get we're going to get a
peaceful transfer of power but between
the election and that peaceful transfer
of
power it's an adversarial process and
it's going to get dark it's going to be
tough it's going to be full of fake news
you're going to see some of the worst
behavior you've ever seen in your life
you might see Jamie Rasin trying to do
something you know to to get Trump
disqualified
Etc but January
20th I believe there will be a peaceful
transfer of power I hope it's to
Trump
um but the Second Amendment still exists
so I'm 100% in favor of uh peaceful
everything and a peaceful transfer of
power but you can imagine and most of
you are imagining a worst case
scenario don't shoot your neighbor do me
a
favor don't start don't shoot anybody
who your
neighbor yeah we can't make this about
the
voters right it if it turns out we have
an enemy it's a common enemy
let me give you this
reframe I'll give you this
reframe if we can't pick a president
that will give us all a peaceful
transfer of power then we have a common
enemy and has nothing to do with the
candidates the common enemy is the
election system if we have a system that
has been imposed Upon Us by by whom I
don't even know who who gave us this
system that guarantees we're going to be
fighting for 3 months who gave us that I
want to know who gave us the system that
made us fight because if you want to
find an enemy find out who's who's
behind the election systems now again
don't hurt anybody we're not talking
violence here but we will have a common
enemy if if we don't have an A effective
peaceful transfer of
power Democrats and Republicans were on
the same team after that we got to
figure out who's running the election
because it's not us we're going to have
to figure out how to fix that so we
don't do it again so I hope we can find
a common enemy if we need
one all right I'm going to say hi to the
uh locals people privately because
they're so awesome and they're also
subscribers if you'd like to be a
subscriber and get some of the extra
good stuff that's at Scott adams.
locals.com
and you might see over my shoulder if I
this way the books and calendar that you
can buy for your friends and family and
co-workers for Christmas remember it's
almost November get your dilbur
calendars they will be shipping in
November the first ones all right um bye
to everybody except locals I'll see you
tomorrow you're all
awesome
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for