[Music]
hey everybody
wake up sleepyheads I hope you remember
to set your clocks if you happen to live
in a backward country where clocks get
set twice a year why do we do that
I don't know I've earned a good reason
for it actually let's stop doing it but
all the matters is you're here now
and you are here for some of the best
parts of your day maybe the best really
if I might be immodest it's called the
simultaneous ippon you don't need much
all you need is a cup or mug glasses
that you're jealous or sign the canteen
charger plus a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like my
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine you
know the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's called the simultaneous up and it
happens now mm-hmm
I saw somebody to come and say lock the
clock and I've been trying to think of
clever little marketing sayings for
coronavirus because you know if you have
a little clever marketing saying like
for seat belts in California they have
billboards to say click it or ticket
reminding you to wear your seat belt and
I thought well we need something like
that with the hand washing and the face
touching with the Chrome virus so we
need a little rhyme it's something like
clean it or die or something I don't
know it's got a ride put some work into
that get back to me all right let's see
what's going on here
CNN has a big piece on their website
video piece in which they're talking
about women being paid 80 cents on the
dollar for the same job as men what
but literally the most debunked
statistics in all of life and CNN
unabashedly runs like it's a fact now do
I need to get into that now if anybody
is new here you know that there are two
movies on one screen and then one movie
it's a fact that women are paid eighty
seventh son a dollar and you just ask
anybody you ask anybody it's a fact but
in the other movie where people have
actually looked at the studies it just
doesn't exist now it does exist if you
looked at all jobs compared to all jobs
because women and men take different
jobs they have different amount of
experience etc but once you drill down
to the variables that if most of it
disappears so I believe there's still
some I'm still not too certain I'm not
the person who would say this sexism
doesn't exist in the workplace I'm not
going to tell you that men and women get
paid the same because that's probably
not true but the 80 cents of the dollars
I don't think that's even close to the
actual gap it's probably probably in the
five cent range that's the actual
discrimination part anyway it's amazing
to see CNN just unabashedly run such
disproves such easily disprovable
anti-science fake names and then also
today CNN's SE Cupp and now this is just
the headline so I didn't read the
article and we know that sometimes the
article doesn't match the headline but
the headline enough is worth commenting
on so whether it's right or wrong it's
worthy of comment you know and the
headline says tributing attributing this
to SE Cupp says americans panic over the
corona virus can be attributed to a lack
of trust in both the government and
president Donald Trump can it
Kenneth it is that is that like a news
fact the news fact is that we can
attribute the coronavirus panic to a
lack of trust of the government is that
what's happening that's just a fact
right just report that right on the news
channel now of course a c-cup is an
opinion person so she doesn't she
doesn't have to adhere to the standards
of the news journalists per se but you
need a little more meat on that opinion
because from my standpoint it looks like
the panic is caused by a combination of
we have something to worry about that's
real it's this is it it's not unreal and
secondly it's the way the news covers it
because it's 24-hour coverage it's the
only thing happening so it's the news is
there is there anybody who thinks and
this is an honest question is there
anybody who thinks that no matter what
President Trump did about the virus as
long as it was also still spreading he's
going to get criticized in the news
we'll treat it like a panic because
everything is you know hyperbole to sell
clicks so it is such a bold just such a
bold lie to say that it could be
attributed to the government when it's
so obviously the media and then and the
nature of the problem itself there's all
you need it wouldn't matter which
government you put in there don't you
think if you just wish the government to
democratic government Fox News would say
they're doing everything wrong CNN maybe
would say less of that but there'd be
exactly the same amount of panic it
wouldn't have to do it has nothing David
so what the one thing you could change
is who's in charge it's the only thing
you would change and have exactly the
same result as you're seeing now for CNN
reports with the opposite
was that when shopping yesterday I don't
know how often I'll do that again
so I'm I'll be 63 in June and I have a
history of asthma so I take I take meds
every day to suppress it
so I rarely have any kind of feeling of
asthma so I don't have a bad case it's
probably in the mild in the mild
category and it's treated so it doesn't
have much impact on my life but I'm in
the kill zone meaning that if you're
over 60 do you have any kind of history
with the respiratory situation you're
supposed to just stop going anywhere and
so so I'm in that category so I'll tell
you what I'm gonna do I am going to and
have already so I've already done this
substantially modify my schedule so for
the time being I won't go to my gym I'll
keep my membership and just work out at
home oh I'm gonna shift my hours a
little bit for shopping so I'm still
gonna go to the grocery store because I
was talking to Christine about this
yesterday and this is how dumb I am and
I was saying you know it might be a good
idea if if you did the shopping because
usually we divide up some of the stuff
and I like I like doing the shopping she
doesn't talk about food shopping so I
said I like doing it I was doing that
and she was doing other stuff for them
but I said well maybe you should do the
food shopping and then I realized well
if she got the coronavirus I'm
definitely getting it it doesn't make
any difference if you send your spouse
to the store or your girlfriend or your
friend if they come back with a corona
virus if they live in to your house
you're not buying a lot of safety by a
little bit you know it's not a guarantee
that a spouse is going to give it to a
spouse but it's pretty close to a
guarantee so I'm going to keep shopping
but
gonna probably move my hours a little
bit to try to hit the store when it's
the least amount of traffic and if I do
that I can actually avoid any line at
all it'll just be me and a cashier and
then I say to myself well what good did
that do because I'm probably not gonna
get it from the customers I'm gonna get
it from the cashier because if there's
anybody in the store at it it's cashiers
gonna get it so I'm not entirely sure
how much of this is eated real yeah
obviously I'll do home delivery but for
food it's it's a problem because you
can't get it the same day and same
selection and all that stuff it's
getting there but not yet alright so far
the only impact I've seen in my state I
assume this will change but the only
impact I've seen in my state is a
stimulus which which really brings to
question how good we are at predicting
the obvious because you think it's gonna
be obvious right that all the experts
are saying it's obvious the economy will
slow down it's obvious because their
supply line problems people won't be
going to things it's just obvious the
economy is slowing down and then I go to
the store
it's just freakin packed people are
buying out way Amazon Amazon can't ship
enough stuff it's like it's like
freaking Christmas I've never seen so
much buying so maybe I mean maybe the
net effect will be negative that all the
smart people say so and if you have to
bet on it
you know if you're gonna put your money
on a bet that it's gonna be negative for
a while but why isn't it happening yet I
mean at the moment people are just
buying like crazy I went to a restaurant
the other night and I was kind of
thinking it might be the last time for a
while that I go out to a restaurant
there's a lot of people in it but I
thought well I'll get it get it out of
the way before the virus gets too close
to my neighborhood so you know the
restaurants just packed its back
I don't know so far it just looks like
we're spending a lot more money now less
now of course the travel industry will
get devastated there's no doubt about
that
so Stanford University decided to cancel
all classes but not not the cafeteria
and you know I guess I got people they
got to keep alive their food wise and I
thought to myself
Stanford closing the entire campus are
closing classes but not the campus I
guess they closed classes and they're
doing it all remote now they can do it
because they have a very advanced online
training system that apparently they can
just switch over and make that work now
not everybody can do that but here's the
important thing
Stanford is not like other colleges what
is it about Stanford that's different
from every other college in the United
States you could argue in the world
there's one thing that's very different
about Stanford arguably it's the top top
college and arguably I mean Harvard
might disagree and Yale in those guys
but Stanford's kind of the smartest
school we have with the smartest people
and the smartest instructors so when
your smartest school goes first what
does that do to everybody else if it
were a random school just just one of
you had heard of you'd say to yourself
well it's just a school I've heard of
there are lots of schools I'm not gonna
take anything from that it's just one
school about that decision but
Stanford's not just one school Stanford
is fricking Stanford if Stanford says
they're gonna make a change that
dramatic you gotta stop what you're
doing right you got to put down your
tools and listen because this isn't you
know this isn't the you know your
Community College this is freakin
Stanford they got some smart people they
put some thought into it they're not
missing anything so
I have a feeling that Stanford going
first is going to have a gigantic
psychological pressure on everybody else
in a way that any other school would not
Harvard maybe the same but I feel like
Stanford is the lever that moves the
whole thing so you're gonna see a lot of
school closings that seems inevitable I
was in an elevator yesterday and go
shopping and there were a couple of fun
looking grandmother types I'm guessing
there were 75 each and there were that
you know spunky full of life you know
gonna live to a hundred kind of 75 year
olds the kind you want to hang out with
the couple a couple ladies and they had
some political pins on them and and they
were chatting they were chatting out
loud in the elevator about their
favorite Democratic picks one of them
liked be booed edge but since he's gone
they were gonna I think they were gonna
back birdie and they're just chatting
away in a crowded elevator and I thought
to myself I couldn't do that I couldn't
could you if you were a trump supporter
well certainly in California maybe it's
different in your state but if you were
in California you couldn't get into an
elevator in California and just have a
casual conversation with the person you
came into the elevator with and say yeah
yeah get ready to support Trump and
we're going to a rally and stuff now
there's somebody says you know I do I
think if you're a certain size if you're
male and you're certain size and you you
know and and nobody's gonna pick a fight
with you you can say anything you want
that's just the fact but I would I would
actually be I would feel unsafe in a
crowded elevator of just normal citizens
and suburbs you know scary looking
people just normal citizens I would feel
unsafe to say anything positive about
Republicans now yeah you see in the
comments um I'm not alone it has a lot
to do with where I lived and when I say
unsafe I don't mean I don't mean they're
gonna beat me up I mean it's
be some kind of unpleasant encounter and
I thought to myself I don't think
there's enough reporting on that the the
fact that half of the country can't even
talk out loud about their political
opinions I've never seen that before has
that ever been the case and I can't
think of any any situation where half
the country was silenced in public you
actually could do it on social media you
know because you have some distance here
but that's a pretty bad situation and I
I think I have to I've avoided saying
this but now I'm you know I've been
tripped over the line the left is a
violent hate group now that sounds like
the things that somebody says in a
political season and it sounds like
hyperbole and it sounds like just
something it just sounds like something
you say it doesn't sound like anything
that's close to something real to call
an entire political party a hate group
but why is it that I can't talk in front
of them about just a normal political
process a normal you know I don't know
how normal Trump is but but an ordinary
political conversation I can't have I
can't have that in public I couldn't
even wear I would not go out in public
with a shirt that you know said Trump on
and you know I don't wear that kind of
stuff anyway
but I wouldn't if I did so is it is it
hyperbole to say that the Democrats are
a hate group because an ordinary
well-meaning citizen church-going loves
the Constitution has never discriminated
just likes low taxes just having a
conversation in an elevator you couldn't
do that you could not do that so I think
I think it's not hyperbole to say that
the Democrats have evolved you know not
intentionally but I think they've
evolved into a hate group that can
actively
actively you know execute through a in
public in public apparently people are
okay with it oh my god I'm right on the
edge of flipping out again I told you
about that the prednisone puts me right
on the edge it's only the fact that I
know it is not my genuine opinion that
the the meds are influencing me to be a
little bit more competitive it's only
that that allows me to pull back that
that little extra knowledge alright
here's my prediction and this is the
most boring ordinary prediction in the
world but it always comes as a surprise
so how could something be bored ordinary
boring happens every time and when I say
it it's still gonna sound like a
surprise watch this the presidential
race is a horse race and the media will
cause the underdog to catch up so that
you have you so that the lead gets
switched a lot of times so there's just
an automatic universal pressure to let
the underdog catch up so that it's it's
a close race again so what happened we
had we had Bernie had a dominant lead
what was the prediction well the horse
race the prediction is that the dominant
lead no matter how dominant would be
challenged sure enough Biden has this
big Super Tuesday so now now Biden's the
the definite nominee right totally gonna
be Biden nothing could happen now he's
got a commanding lead Biden's going all
the way right well no the prediction is
that the media controls the stuff and
they're going to make it close and I
don't know that the media needed to do
that but have you heard this latest
compilation clip of Biden's gaffes it
really is a new level and and it feels
like you can again this could be
confirmation bias but it feels like as
an observer and it probably doesn't
matter if it's
formation bias because if I'm perceiving
it that way others are and that's how
people will vote but it looks like Biden
is losing it in an actual predictable
way that we're observing in other words
six months ago I don't think he used as
bad as he is now is that my imagination
now probably a lot of you will agree
with it but we have to be honest that
that could be confirmation bias so
you've seen people agreeing with me but
but take the same caution that I'm
giving myself which is it might look
like that even if it weren't true
because we're sort of looking for it but
let me see if I can play this latest
clip it's just it's just shocking so
this is Biden trying to get out in a
sentence so watch out mangle this is he
actually worked hard on that sentence
struggled and when he was done he
decided that what he wanted to say is
that we should elect re-elected we
should work hard to reelect Donald Trump
he this isn't funny anymore
okay that's not to say I won't have my
my laughs at future things but it's not
a joke anymore
to say that there's a little bit of
elder abuse going on there's something
happening here this deeply troubling and
that has nothing to do with politics
right and I feel like don't the
Democrats see this you know I'm sure the
Democrats were saying the same thing and
maybe still do that that Trump has his
own issues blah blah can't we all see it
so they might be as equally puzzled
about why we can't see what they see in
Trump but honestly this is either a
wonderful illusion that you know some
people can see what
with Biden and some can't or are we the
ones were wrong don't rule it out maybe
we're the ones who are having a bad
perception
what if he's fine do you think there's
any chance of that I don't you know you
have to trust your own judgment because
that's the world we live in I mean you
have to do something you got it you have
to act you can't just sit there and
starve to death so you have to choose
your judgment but we really have bad
judgment just keep that in mind you have
to act anyway all right let's see what
else is going on George Takei do y'all
know George Takei he's a great Twitter
account to follow he was of course
played Sulu and Neil at the original
Star Trek and he's a big anti-trump er
now most anti-trump accounts are just
painful to follow like you probably
don't if you're a trump supporter you
probably don't follow any anti Trump
accounts but if you wanted to follow on
that is often clever and funny and
doesn't always have politics George
Takei is actually he's a fun follow
because even when I don't agree with him
the others something entertaining there
so he's of course very vocal in the
celebrity world of being an anti Trump
ER and he put out his own video in which
it looks like he cut pieces from Biden
video official videos and put together
basically his own little commercial like
I can't pay that to show how great Joe
Biden is but here's the embarrassing
part he focused on Joe Biden going to
have a burger with beto at the Wonder
burger where they just went into an
ordinary fast-food place and sat down
and had a burger and talked and in order
to sell Joe Biden what George Takei had
to do with his own little homemade video
is remove the parts where Joe Biden is
talking I'm just thinking about that in
order to make a favorable video about
Joe Biden you had to edit out the parts
he's talking now he did say something
but it was just a brief statement then
all the rest was Beto talking or or
video of him walking in or some
commentary they actually had to remove
the parts where he talks let me just
think about it because do you think that
George Takei you know you can tell from
his Twitter account he's a bright guy
he's paying attention he's watching and
he cares he cares a lot do you think he
doesn't see this do you think he doesn't
know that he didn't have a way to make
Joe Biden look good if Joe Biden was
speaking and I just don't see how Bernie
doesn't or I'm yeah I don't see how
Bernie doesn't make a slight comeback so
here's what I think I think people are
gonna be talking about Biden's brain at
the president's already talking about it
it has to be obvious to Democrats that
he can't possibly win right am I wrong
about that isn't this the most obvious
thing we've ever seen in politics let me
put it this way has there ever been a
potential matchup that had so little
mystery to it this doesn't look close
there
I don't think Bernie can win either so
they do have two choices of you know
which way do you want to lose let's talk
some more about that Carla Harris put
out a little video today in which he as
anticipated endorsed Joe Biden but here
is the interesting part according to me
maybe it's only interesting to me wolf I
doubt I had predicted when she dropped
out of the race keep in mind for context
that 18 months ago or so I predicted
that she would be the nominee for the
Democrats obviously she has suspended
her campaign so my prediction that she
would be the nominee people said not so
good but I say well she might reemerge
as Biden as a vice president but she
would come back
and I'd predicted this correct me if I'm
wrong you've heard me say this right
because I think I've said it more than
once that that the Democrat experts
would give comma a makeover
a charisma makeover because I think
that's the main thing she needed and so
she does this little video after
disappearing for a while and the the
disappearing for a while was part of the
prediction that she would disappear she
add like Batman she would chew a train
to fix whatever flaws she had and then
she would come back and she would be a
different product well it might have
just happened because if you watch the
video and I just tweeted it so you can
see it in my Twitter feed here are the
things that I had criticized her about
in the past or thought about criticizing
in one case but didn't say it out loud
and then here's what she's done about it
so the old Camila old being you know a
few months ago she had she would her
dress what he called the clothes she
wore not a dress but she wore these boxy
suits that made her look awful
am i right the the way she dressed was
frankly awful I may be as politicians go
one of the worst dressers now before you
say sexist excess sexist I have on
record of saying that Hillary Clinton
did an excellent job of dressing and I
will reassert that Hillary designed
essentially like a uniform if you will
so she had it she had a look in style
and you don't have to be a supermodel to
to dress fashionably and and as well as
you can and I think I hit think Hillary
did a perfectly good job in the in the
fashion way and it matters I think when
the president wears his suit it matters
I think wow they dress makes a big
difference and cobbler comes back and in
her video and again we don't know if
this is a trend yet
we're just looking for it early she's
wearing only a black some kind of a top
that is very flattering so she's so the
the boxy jacket is off with the little
shoulders and stuff they make her look
like a box and instead she's wearing
just a black top and I'm you know I'm
not your fashion guy right I'm just
saying that it was a world better a
world better just look to have just a
nice simple black top framed her nicely
she had a nice background it was
different it was way better that was
just a trend we don't know yet we'll
have to see her a few more times the
other thing that she got right is that
and again I don't want to make this
sexist all right because it's gonna
sound like that I make fun of birdies
hair all the time
Biden's hair these are these are
disasters of haircuts Trump is a sort of
a special case because his hair is more
of a you know part of the brand but you
don't the men in the race have some
issues with hair because how you look
does matter were a shallow world and I
would say that Carla's hairstyle that
she had been using mostly on the
campaign was hit or miss it was
different on different days but I wasn't
a fan in this this video where she is
promoting or endorsing Joe Biden she's
in my opinion her hairstyle is improved
a little little more I don't know it's
just better now again is that permanent
is it just you know women change their
hair fairly frequently maybe was just a
good day
but it's noticeably better somebody says
more feminine I don't know if it's that
I think it's just better you know if
you've ever seen somebody who went from
a bad hair stylist to a good one it
makes a big difference I think maybe she
got a better than herself
the other thing she did is no giggle
this was my biggest complaint is this
she giggled is just a mannerism she
would giggle at her own jokes and it
would make her look unserious no gain
she got through the entire video without
without the nervous girl giggle and I
think that really costs her when she
does that if she got coached out of that
it's gonna be a big change because
that's her biggest weakness in my
opinion now you she has one more thing
that she needs to work on which is she
has a chihuahua like shaking quality
when she talks have you noticed that
so she'll talk and and her body will be
moving so should be should be like this
I'm talking I'm gonna endorse Joe Biden
and you can't feel she doesn't feel
confident because she her body is not
calmed there are moments in which she
comes a little bit and her voice is calm
and watch and so he says you're obsessed
but watch how much power she projects
when she calms down her her body and I
think the experts are probably telling
her this too so this is my speculation
that she's being coached finally by good
people because it looks like there's a
change if she can calm her body the
force of her voice just goes through the
roof because she does have a really good
powerful voice that she completely
kneecaps by jumping around and being a
chihuahua if she could calm it down it's
really gonna be remarkable and she had a
nice smile and she was more likable on
this and that's that's part of her
problem all right now given all this
there's also here's a hypnotist
observation while she was endorsing
Biden she was shaking her head no she
needs to stop that watch me shake my
head now as I'm talking which makes me
wonder if I do it I wonder if I do that
but she's endorsing him while shaking
her head no she's like Joe Biden's the
best person in the world and I'm so glad
that I'm endorsing him I'm making this
up that's not exactly what she said and
her head is shaking back and forth like
in now while she's talking I'm not a
hundred
percent convinced that that means
anything it would be easy to to look at
a common mannerism and over interpret it
but keep an eye on and see if she shakes
her head now on other topics
if she doesn't maybe it does mean
something all right
I still think Klobuchar would be the
stronger choice for Joe Biden and the
reason is the Klobuchar doesn't seem to
have any negatives except maybe some
personal likability that frankly voters
don't care about people don't care too
much if you're mean to your staff they
really don't and Joe Biden is so nice
that Amy Klobuchar is one tiny little
small weakness of you know she ate a
salad with a comer she she was mean to
somebody it gets sort of erased because
Biden's niceness will cancel that out
and but I think Klobuchar strikes you as
somebody who could take the job right
away am I wrong about that even if you
didn't like anything about Amy Klobuchar
policies would you agree with me that if
the choice was Kamala or Klobuchar let's
say there was never any president you
just had to choose Klobuchar or Carla
let's say you dislike their policies
equally you just had to choose who's a
solid sort of presidential quality
I think head-to-head is Klobuchar
because she's she doesn't have negatives
she has a solid success she's got
success in those battleground states she
has done things across the aisle she's
been a senator for a long time she did
better than cobbler did in the race I
don't think it's even close if you're
looking at her just as an individual but
if you're looking at what balance is the
ticket I've said cheekily before that
you might need to add a person of color
to the Democratic ticket so that white
people will vote for them because all
the guilty white Democrats are gonna
need a person of color on the ticket
to feel good about it I've said before
that black voters apparently are more
flexible than white voters apparently
are willing to vote for their
self-interest as they see it and
apparently are a little bit more
flexible about who they vote for so
kudos to that community CPAC that big
big Republican convention apparently
there was an attendee with a coronavirus
and was a AIPAC they had one too and
somebody shook hands with somebody who
shook hands with the president and the
president says he's not concerned at all
now is that a good answer if the
President of the United States in the
middle of this crisis which you know
they're telling us to be worried no
they're nothing else to be worried
they're telling us to be prepared should
the president say he's not concerned at
all I think the answer is yes because I
think you want your president telling
people not to panic so long as they're
also giving them the message to prepare
and so long as they're also getting the
message that there's a real thing out
there that needs to be worried about i
I'm a little bit mixed on the Trump
performance so far as I always say you
can't really tell if he's doing a good
or bad job on the details of you know
who's in charge and what decisions have
been made and all that stuff you can't
really tell because you don't know who
how somebody else would have done we're
not close enough to it you just don't
know but you can tell the communication
because that's the part you can observe
directly does the president say things
and go to you know create events and do
things that make you feel comfortable
and make you feel like the government's
got this is that sort of a mixed bag I
would say that as I said yesterday I
think Trump's Trump's personality and
the set of tools he brings to the job
are extraordinary like we've never seen
before but that's different from saying
it fits every occasion you need the
right president with the right tools for
the right situation you know
the war president is not the peace
president they're different people
probably I don't think Trump is good at
this
we now he's a famous germaphobe I don't
know if that has anything to do with how
engaged he is in this but he's not good
at this
can we agree on that now again being not
good at this
I'm talking about just the communication
part doesn't mean anything about whether
or not the government is being effective
in dealing with us because it's not the
president who's doing the work there are
a lot of professionals smart people
doing the work I imagine they're doing
everything that they can do I imagine
private industry is doing everything he
could do and I've said before that this
is different than any other situation in
which normally the president would be
the most important person and would be
making decisions that would affect
everything I don't know that the
president is the most important person
anymore because the entire world has
mobilized on this problem and they
didn't have to be asked because it's a
it's a global threat and humanity has
focused its smartest bravest
hardest-working people on the problem
when is humanity as a whole focused on
one problem that's so immediate and this
important before or never right where
we're focusing the entire weight of
human capability on this one problem and
it's phenomenal it's not really the
president's job it's the globe as a sort
of self-organized 99 percent of it and
then the president says here's some
money I'll sign it but the president is
not doing the work the globe has kind of
self organized plus using existing you
know CDC and state governments and stuff
but it's it's beautiful to watch
humanity act as one and become this
global brain as I've called it I called
it a god brain and then I deleted that
tweet because I think it just confuses
people don't want people don't want
their religion mixed in with their
opinion so I just deleted that
but let's call the global brain it is
focused on the problem in a way we've
never done before and at a time when we
can all communicate and let me give you
some examples of what's happening so
yesterday I think was yesterday I
tweeted that in order for telemedicine
to work meaning your doctor being on a
video call instead of in person in order
for that to work efficiently we need an
executive order that would allow doctors
to practice across state lines now why
is it that I could make that tweet and I
think it will actually make a difference
the reason I could do that is because I
have experience with my own startup in
which we work with doctors on
telemedicine and I learned that one of
the biggest problems is that you can't
practice across state lines and if you
could there would be far more
availability because let's say there's a
emergency in one state but it hasn't hit
another state yet you'd have a lot of
doctors in the other state who had a
little excess capacity they're willing
to give out maybe at night or whatever
and they can help out across state lines
at the moment it's illegal it's illegal
can you believe that it's an emergency
the country's in an emergency and an a
qualified doctor in Connecticut they've
got a pretty good you know requirements
to be a doctor don't you think don't you
think a doctor who's qualified to
practice in Connecticut
can give you an opinion and opinion in
Pennsylvania I mean right is that
dangerous do you feel at risk because
you talk to a doctor who can practice in
Connecticut but you're in Pennsylvania
no you don't feel at risk obviously not
it's a ridiculous set of rules maybe
it's good for the states maybe the AMA
has something to do with it but the
point is I as a citizen had a little bit
of exposure to that problem it's a
gigantic lever in this crisis you know
to free up more potential doctor advice
even remotely could be a big
and I happen to know that it would take
one executive order to wipe all that
away just for the emergency now you
probably want to limit it and say
something like you know it's just for
coronavirus enquiries and assistants and
it's only it's only for a limited
timeframe because you don't want to go
through the whole trouble of changing
the whole system in the proper way now
some people have said to me can you do
an executive order like that because
you'd be wouldn't you be overruling all
the states and is it legal and don't you
need legislation and wouldn't it take
longer and here's the answer to that no
no that's what an emergency is an
emergency is you do things that you'd
only do in an emergency and this is one
of them would it be legal for the
President of the United States to accept
to do an executive order saying doctors
could temporarily and for this situation
only practice across state borders and
the answer is it doesn't matter if
you're saying to yourself you know Scott
it would be illegal for that an
executive order yeah for that to be done
by an executive order it doesn't matter
who's going to complain this is very
important if nobody's going to complain
and nobody's going to complain I mean
nobody in the matters if nobody's going
to complain and it's literally one piece
of paper executive order I ordered
doctors to be able to practice you know
across state lines that's it is one
piece of paper one piece of paper nobody
will complain does it matter if it's
legal it does not does not should not
matter if it's legal it's an emergency
it's transparent it's obvious it's the
right thing to do that's that somebody's
saying malpractice insurance um you
would probably need an executive order
to handle that in some way yes but
that's a detail all right so here's
another little fact
so if you haven't if you're not
following Balaji Srinivasan you should
you can find his I retweet him a lot
especially during during the coronavirus
thing because his his insight and
expertise in this is tremendous and one
of the things that he found is that
there was a development recently in that
a certain kind of UV called far UV and I
don't know the difference between
regular UV and something called Farah UV
but there's a technical difference and
apparently in a 20-18 Columbia paper
that the LA she was tweeting about it
can kill airborne viruses so you can
actually you can actually shoot the
virus out of the air with light a
special kind of light now I saw an
estimate that you could build them for
$1000 piece doesn't it seem like we
could get that price down pretty quickly
and frankly a lot of people would pay
$1000 piece but one in let's say in a
public space then I learned this made me
a little angry then I learned that China
ordered basically bought all of the
robots probably that looked like a
Roomba it's a little robot that looks
like a Roomba and has a big light on it
that just drives around hospitals in
China shoots the UV light into the
environment to kill the virus in the air
to which I said exactly what you're
thinking right now what right when I
told you that you heard that there were
robots that already exist using
technology that I think we can check
pretty easily works you shoot some UV
into the air and you either have same
amount of virus or you don't and they're
already using them they're built there
in China they're doing their job there
they're running around the restaurants
disinfecting right didn't as soon as you
heard that didn't you say where's my
robot where does the United States have
any row
because they're not buying them from the
United States I think they bought them
from some European company but as balaji
quite accurately says this is not the
sort of thing you want to run through
some kind of long FDA approval thing is
it not fairly easy for scientists to
tell whether a light killed a virus
I feel as though we could figure that
out without you know all the
double-blind experiments that you would
normally do it's like virus light turned
it on dead yes or no try it again try it
in a couple of different rooms try it in
a couple of different settings I mean
it's not one test but as Balaji says you
could very quickly get to the point
where you were confident enough that it
was safe enough I guess there's a safety
issue but it's not a big one and why
don't we just go gung-ho with this now
it could be that you know there are
gonna be a lot of false starts and
things we try that don't work and a be
testing but this would certainly be on
my list of things to go hard at now
where where did the knowledge of this
come from did or did the US government
already know that there existed robots
with fari UV light on them maybe not
right you assume that the government
knows everything but that's not my
experience my guess is that people like
Balaji you know doing the job of a
patriot and a citizen just jumping in to
do what he can do same as I am right now
he's jumping in and saying did you know
about this by now people in the
government do know about it because he's
widely followed and now a new piece of
information is available for a potential
solution so when you say did the
president do a good or bad job I think
you have to adjust that for the fact
that it's 2020 and we don't need the
President to tell us everything to do
for a global threat that this that's
this well known people are just jumping
in people are jumping in they're doing
what they need to do we don't need the
presidents tell us speaking of that I'd
like to tell you everyday those things
you can do to keep yourself healthier
keep your immune system hi this is
especially important to me because I'm
like I said I'm in the kill zone because
I'm at that age where the virus will
kill me especially because I have a the
asthma background and so I'm keeping
myself healthy and looking for tips on
how to do that and of course you all
know about the sanitizing in the
hand-washing and the and I've added that
you should do some moderate exercise get
some Sun everyday get some vitamin D
these things are all implicated in
helping your immune system but there was
another study that was sent around today
and since this is a weekend especially
I'm going to try to say this in the most
g-rated way I can so bear with me as for
the benefit of the children I will be
talking indirectly now about a topic
wink-wink you know what I'm talking
about and it goes like this apparently
if you're an adult who is enjoying let's
say time with yourself let's say your
partner is unavailable for whatever
reason and you're enjoying time with
yourself if you know what I mean wink
wink wink and that time results in let's
say an experience which you might call a
climax sorry children and apparently the
science is pretty clear that that
improves your cortisol situation which
reduces your stress it improves your
immune response so it turns out that one
of the best things you can do to protect
yourself and dare I say the country if
not the world because you're a patriot
you want to protect the country to well
now you know what to do get a little
exercise eat right sleep right and wink
wink enjoy a little time with yourself
so that's doctor's orders
see what else we got going out here
Italy's got a lot of deaths Oh Elan musk
let's talk about him
so Elon Musk makes a little news on the
coronavirus and he says in a tweet I
think this was yesterday ish
he said coronavirus panic is dumb which
of course caused everybody to say Elon
Musk is very smart why is he saying the
coronavirus panic is dumb he's not
saying the virus is a hoax or anything
like that he's just saying the panic
part it was dumb now of course he was
asked to clarify what that means and he
did here's what he said
so I why do you listen to Elon Musk
argument see if it you know passes all
the tests just see if it makes sense to
you so one of the smartest guys on the
planet we all agree with that right
whether you like your Tesla or don't
like your Tesla Elon Musk is one of the
smartest guys ever so let's see his
opinion on this so he says the virality
of this kovin thing is understated or
nob sorry is overstated so he's saying
the FRA reality is overstated due to
conflation diagnosis conflating the
diagnosis date with a contraction date
so far so good
all right so it is true that we don't
know when somebody got the virus
we only know when they were tested so we
don't really have a sense of the virus
it's it's the numbers are polluted by
the fact of when we discover them not
when they started so that would ruin
your virality measurements and then over
extrapolating exponential growth which
is what which is never what happens in
reality so he's pointing out that we
have lots of history with flus and that
they simply don't do what this one is
projected to do now people are saying
this was different
so is his point that they don't that
it's never what happens that's really
about the past is it true that this one
is like the past well that's a gray area
some say yes ish some say no ish he's um
he's on the side of it's more likely to
be in the not exponential growth that
we'll get a handle on it or something
will happen he says keep extrapolating
and virus will exceed massive the known
universe so he's making the point the
things you know don't increase forever
it's just not history doesn't show that
that ever happens there's always
something that happens that stops things
from increasing to infinity and then if
he's right about that
that he says the fatality rate is also
greatly overstated let's follow his
argument here he says because there are
so few test kits sure enough those who
die with respiratory symptoms are tested
but those with minor symptoms are not
and they says the prevalence of the
corona virus and other colds in general
is high so his point is that if if I
could sort of summarize in my own way
that this virus won't be that different
from other viruses therefore the panic
is overstated but here's what I asked
and there was an amazing outpouring of
loser think in the comments after I
asked this question I said what about
the cruise ship deaths it's more than
normal so how do you explain that so
there were six people died on the
Diamond Princess and of 707 infected
there were no more than 1,000 or
whatever a few thousand I forget how
many people were on the ship but seven
hundred and seven were affected in six
died now for you on most comments to be
accepted as the reasonable view it would
also be true that cruise ships would not
be experiencing unusual levels of death
would you agree so I said what is it
that it's
Planes why the cruise ships had so many
deaths I'm watching in the comments and
every one of you are experiencing not
every one of you but most of you are
experiencing loser think if you said
because the people in the cruise ships
are old it's true and it's loser think
that's not you did not make a good
argument there if you said it's because
they're tightly packed it's true but
it's loser think it's not a good
argument it's not an answer to the
question can anybody tell me why tell me
why it's not a good argument it's
completely nonsense to say that the
reason that there were more deaths on
this ship is because they were older why
is it nonsense because there are a lot
of cruise ships and there are a lot of
flus we have plenty of history to know
that a cruise ship in which the flu gets
out a normal flu how many people does it
kill have you ever heard of one ship
with six deaths never right I mean maybe
there was some other epidemic in the
past but if it were true that six people
typically died in a cruise ship every
every cruise then the Elan musk would be
absolutely correct there would be
nothing to scare us because we're not
seeing anything out of the unusual and
of the usual but if you just said it's
because they're old and you don't know
how to compare things in the comments I
saw only one or two people who
understood that it's a comparison
problem you can't just look at one ship
and say it's got old people on it no
wonder they died unless all the other
boats have old people dying at a similar
rate whenever there's a virus is this
the first cruise ship there's somebody
had a virus on know how many cruise
ships
does at least some common virus and get
loose on the ship how often does that
happen
my guess
most of them most of them if you put a
thousand people on the ship during flu
season you don't think there's a flu on
that ship a normal flu I think there is
so if we had a history of five or six
old people dying every time there's a
flu on a cruise ship I'd say yeah you
love you right this is just a baseline
there's nothing happening here but as
soon as I asked that question people
couldn't couldn't understand that you
can't look at this one ship and say
they're old and it doesn't mean anything
unless unless it's a common experience
with the other chefs and it isn't
somebody else said and this was a good
comment they they pointed out what about
Italy because the death rate in Italy
seems through the roof but they also
have old people in Italy and you know
I've heard that their ventilation isn't
so good and closed spaces and there's
love it a lot of touching and maybe
their health care system is great it
cetera so you can't really tell too much
from Italy but these are the right
questions but I think the cruise the
cruise ship deaths and and the nursing
home deaths if you have a nursing home
in which several people die from the
same virus that only is meaningful if
you've looked at all the other nursing
homes who have had viruses me if it's
common to have six people die or ten
people died in the same nursing home
from the same problem and it happens
every flu season with the regular flu
then you say oh this is like that but I
don't think that's the case so the elon
I would say you need to answer that
question what about the cruise ship what
about the high death rates in the old
the nursing homes if you haven't
answered that then I would say your
position is strong and II might you know
he's smarter than I am so you might have
an answer for that but I haven't heard
it all right let's see what else we got
going on here see you then reported that
there's a caterpillar that could eat
plastic which would be
because you throw a bunch of
caterpillars on your plastic and it eats
it all up and no more storage problem
except they you you read the article and
way down and says there's only one
problem that the the caterpillars poop
becomes toxic if they eat plastic and
I'm thinking okay well that didn't
really move the ball forward I'm very
happy that there's a caterpillar that
can eat our plastic but if the outcome
is that the caterpillar poops toxic
waste I don't think we came out ahead so
maybe that story didn't need to be told
speaking of telemedicine I'm gonna take
a risk here
I'm gonna take a risk I realize this
could blow up in my face you all know I
have this startup it's called when hub
and has a product called interface that
allows you to do a video call to an
expert now when there was a there was a
hurricane a while ago and I had offered
in public a people could use this app to
get information you know about from
people who were you know on the scene
and everybody's today you're trying to
profit from that disaster to which you
know sometimes I'm more of a robot that
I need to be and the robot part of me
said no it's just a tool when people
need that tool and they don't have to
even charge for it so it's not even up
to me if anybody makes any money I'm
just saying it's a tool you can use but
that argument fell on deaf ears and
people said no they're people dying and
you're trying to sell a product and I
thought okay I will take that I will
take that criticism to heart and I will
not do that again
so when the corona virus came off it was
it's an obvious situation where you
should have medical experts talking to
people it's an app that does that and I
stayed silent about it
so I say silent about it because I
didn't want to do that the same thing
were you trying to sell some product in
that concept but
this feels different and I'm noticing
that a number of remote software
companies are promoting their work and
other people are promoting them and
nobody's complaining and I was trying to
think well what's the difference like
why is it that zoom can promote their
product for telecommuting it's exactly
the tool that people need it's you know
it's a it's a profit company why is
nobody complaining about that and I
think there's a difference the
difference is that we're all threatened
by this virus and so nobody nobody's a
spectator on this we're all in the game
or no we will be and so if you're in the
game and somebody says here's a tool for
you you know might help you win the game
people are much more comfortable with
that than if they're spectating and
saying hey you know we're just watching
this and you seem to be doing something
you know that as spectators we think is
is you know inappropriate but as soon as
you need the tool suddenly you feel
different than that so let me make this
offer if there's anybody out there who
knows how to get to you the right person
just connect me on social media and it's
this question if the CDC or the
government wants to do effectively a
buyout in other words just take over the
app for the for the period of the
emergency that I would have that
conversation and we can do it quickly
because the app is already built so if
there's anybody in the government who
would like to promote telemedicine and I
think it would be important for that an
executive order to let doctors practice
across borders at least for the for the
purposes of the emergency coronavirus if
there's anybody in the government who
would like to immediately spin up an app
that would allow anybody in the country
to talk to a doctor who's willing to put
themselves on the app we could do that
immediately we could do it in a week and
I would I would in one week I will pivot
the entire company toward
dealing with this emergency but simply
says it exists and I would I would
imagine that there will be a whole bunch
of products in that space because I
obviously they're telling
tella medicine products but there isn't
one that isn't part of a service so most
of the existing products are people who
have a you know subscription service or
that sort of thing
there isn't one where you can just say I
need to talk to a doctor and I don't
have money and it needs to be free so
the government the government is putting
pressure to to lower the cost if
somebody doesn't have health care to get
a test and this could be part of that so
anyway if there's anybody who knows
anybody in the government or the CDC who
wants to look into an app to connect a
doctor for no charge just to get advice
about should I should I quarantine
myself why should I do
I can make that a bit more alright so
[Music]
yeah I'm just looking at your products
look at your comments alright I think
that's a let me check my notes here well
I got here see if there's anything I
want to say that I didn't say and I
think I think not I think we did it
alright that's all for now
stay safe talk to you later