[Music]
sure I'm a little bit late this morning
but I think that just built the
anticipation how many of you were
looking at the clock it was 7 a.m. or 10
a.m. on your coast and you said he's
usually right on time well I was here
and ready but I got I got caught up in
something hold on stay there
don't go anywhere come right back with
notes yes and well I didn't mean to
panic you so we have much fun to talk
about today is going to be a good one I
guarantee it but to enjoy it fully you
must be prepared and to be prepared you
don't need much all you need is a cup of
margaret glass a tanker chelators tie
the canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine did of the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the day and pandemic it's
called the simultaneous if it happens
now go yep yep I can feel my corona
virus antibodies forming in my body and
I haven't even been exposed that's how
good the coffee is I hope yours is good
too so you know how I've been telling
you a number of times that there's just
something weird about the simulation and
and my my connection to it and I keep
telling you that although I'm pretty
sure there are seven point six billion
people in the world for reasons I don't
quite understand I keep finding myself
in the middle
major stories and you don't know how
often this happens because I can't tell
you all the times that I get pulled into
it like an international nun not so much
international sometimes but more more
national but sometimes international I
tend to get pulled into a lot of stuff
because people just say this this guy
might be able to help or he was
interested or or I just know him I'll
just tell him something and so I find
myself drawn into these giant stories
and I I don't know how to explain it but
it happened so often let me give you an
example the other day somebody sent me a
book and it's quite well it's fairly
common for people to send books to other
authors usually they're looking for a
book blurb or sometimes they think
you'll be interested maybe they're
trying to UM strike up some kind of a
connection but it's very common for
authors to go to their mailbox and
unsolicited somebody has sent them a
book now I guess so many of them that of
course I can't read them and I don't I
don't always they even know why they
sent them to me in some cases so I sort
of just put up in a pile and I'd look at
them once in a while I think maybe I'll
read something in that pile and I hardly
ever get around to it so I get this book
and it was called the plague of
corruption and I looked at it and I
thought yeah I wonder why somebody
thinks I need to look at this you might
recognize that name because there's a
viral video that YouTube keeps taking
down from a dr. Judy Mick Yvette's
and the book anyway is from co-author
Kent eken Lively and so I didn't think
much of it at the time I never heard of
the video at the time I just put the
book with my other books and actually I
had it set he got a little stand I guess
I'd like to cover or something so I did
actually put it on the pile with the
other books of a sort of featured but I
wasn't really planning on reading it and
then and then the YouTube thing blows up
and it gets more interesting because
you're thinking to yourself well Scott
you got something in the mail that's not
really like being pulled into the middle
of a major story that's not really like
that at all but I'm not done yet
didn't you know there's another part of
the story of course there is so the
other day maybe a week after I got the
book and I had already talked about the
the video a little bit on periscope
there's a note in my mailbox without an
envelope now if you get a note without
an envelope in your mailbox
it means that somebody knows where you
live and they didn't need to put a stamp
on it so somebody walked up to my
mailbox and physically put a note in my
mailbox now that's also not the first
time that's happened again if you're in
the public eye it's not that strange
I'll open my front door and they'll be
you know a package with no postage or a
no to novel Oh Farren it's fairly common
I've had people knock on my door just to
talk to me doesn't that but often but
every now and then it's rare but it
happens
so I get this note without an envelope
and the note is from Kent eken lively
the co-author of the book who apparently
lives close enough to my house that he
knows which one is my house and he drove
over and stuck the note in my so so you
can't see it but that's the note in the
book and you know he asked me to call
him to talk about it now what are the
odds that this would be this gigantic
story at least on the internet it's a
gigantic story not in the mainstream
press but you know I've talked about it
it becomes this big thing and then the
author lives in my town and drops a note
in my mailbox hey do you want to talk I
mean really there's something weird
going on isn't there I mean I wish I
could tell you the other instances in
which I get drawn into big stories maybe
has happened I think three times this
week
most of them I can't tell you about but
it's crazy
I mean it's just crazy so anyway I've
been asked a few times on the locals
platform where subscribers get to see
extra stuff from me and some people
asked me to comment on this without
knowing of course presumably knowing
that I had already commented on it so
I'm gonna I'm gonna comment again
because I've had more time to think
about it and it goes like this
so Christina and I were talking about
the video she sought separately and when
she listened to her she found a very
persuasive and compelling and I said
that's funny because I felt the opposite
I do think there's plenty in it that's
true and also quite concerning but not
really that far from what you already
assumed to be true about big
pharmaceutical companies but then
there's sort of another level of of
let's say allegation stuff that I don't
know that I can go that far so I won't
even repeat the level that I'm not sure
has credibility but there's certainly a
base of credible and concerning things
there I just think maybe it goes too far
so my own take on it is that I did not
find it credible while Christina
listened to the whole thing and it
sounded credible now she and I usually
think similarly enough that I was I was
really surprised and I thought you know
we talked about it in the car and I said
really you know you found that
compelling because I was getting the
opposite vibe like really strongly and
then that it came out that she listened
to it whereas I watched it if any of you
had that experience at this of the viral
video about the plague of corruption has
anybody listened to it without watching
it and if so was it more compelling when
you listened than when you watched
because I have to be honest the the
visual of it either how we're visual
creatures and you make assumptions about
people's credibility by their body
language their mannerisms probably some
of the wrong stuff too like their gender
or their age their ethnicity cuz were
you know we're all biased terrible
people so even if you try not to let
those things influence you you're still
human right so you can try really hard
not to be that kind of person but we are
pattern-recognition the animals and you
can't really turn it off and so my
experience of watching it was that she
wasn't credible the way I say not
credible I don't mean she's not right
that's completely different question
because I can't judge if she's right how
would I I mean really do I have some
kind of independent information that I
can look at her claims as well based on
my research no nothing like that
it is purely looking at the individual
somewhat the same way you would do let's
say a job interview if you were hiring
somebody you would judge them not just
by what their you know their resume said
you would judge them not just by the
facts of the person you would also judge
them by the vibe wouldn't you and you'd
say I don't know there was something
about that person that wasn't quite
comfortable with can't put my finger on
it
but there was somebody with the same
skills that I am comfortable with that
I'm gonna go with them all right so it's
completely natural that we make these
judgments and the visual is very
important so it might and I don't know
how to say this because I don't want to
like just be mindlessly insulting or
something but i found dr. judy McNiff
it's not not persuasive her vibed if you
will there was something that was just
triggering me and I don't know what it
is I don't want to think that it was
gender because I don't have you know any
experience in my life of thinking that
women are less credible you know if
they're talking scientifically or it's
the field that they're experts in
I've never had that thought before I
don't think it's that but you know you
always have to be on guard for that
right so that's my take now I would I
would urge this that if you are going to
decide whether you buy into this you
should google the names of at least dr.
judy mick Yvette's usually google her
and see if you can find at least the
counter-arguments now what I haven't
seen yet which is weird and maybe this
matters where where are the people who
are let's say the accused because you
know Tony foul she is a big character in
inter accusations so there are there are
executives there are companies there
named individuals who have been alleged
to be in bad behavior here's what's
missing those same people who have been
accused doing a fact check on it and
saying um that facts not right that's
out of context now have you seen it now
somebody says I'm seeing a URL there but
I don't want to say it so that might
exist by now but here's what I would
here's what I would caution the
credibility you should apply to this
when you haven't heard the other side is
none all right the the appropriate
amount of credibility is none if you
haven't heard the other side and that
should that's for everything right
there's no there should be no exception
to this if you haven't heard the other
side no credibility but what if you wait
a few months and it's a big viral thing
and it's impossible to ignore and still
the people who have been accused just
don't comment but instead YouTube just
keeps taking the accusations off of
YouTube and the internet is trying to
scrub it what what would that tell you
if the other side doesn't fact check it
because how hard would it be how hard
would it be to put a little statement
that says
you know dr. judy vic if it's made the
following claim here's the document that
shows that didn't happen or I was there
I probably should that didn't happen
where is that kind of missing isn't it
now it could be it just takes a while it
could be that the legal counsel for all
involved said a it's just better just to
let it go like you know you don't want
to give it attention if you respond you
give it attention but is that that's a
pretty good strategy actually oh for
says an article on it today good I'm
gonna go check that out so what here's
what I had to would expect so I would
expect if an independent credible
reporter dug into it that what they
would find is that a whole bunch of
things she says are true but a top of
the truth there's probably a level of
interpretation which is where things are
going to be interesting so I'd like to
see that Forbes article and see what
what they say all right let's talk about
a few other things I found out recently
that general Flynn is connected to me on
Twitter it's such a small world
I've never had any connection with him
I've tweeted about his situation a
number of times and that probably got
his attention
but so I sent him a note today and you
know I just sort of a congratulation DM
I don't know you know what are the odds
that general Flynn check says DMS and
reads them all especially on a day like
this probably got quite a few but I made
him the following offer which is that if
he decides to write a book I can hook
him up with a top literary agent he
probably has one already and if he
writes a book I'll tweet it out and give
him some give him some attention because
here's how I feel about this I don't
think justice has yet been served do you
yeah I feel like justice was half served
but you can't really make up for the
time you took from him there's just no
way to fix that that time is just going
but it's also the past right yeah we
don't dwell in the past but what about
the financial hit I mean it's not really
justice if he comes out of this at a
certain age you know sort of an
approaching retirement age and he's been
wiped out that's that's not justice
justice would be a 10 million dollar
book deal which I will help him promote
the out of it
to sell that thing up to the top of the
bestseller list because wouldn't you
like to hear his story oh yes you would
you would like to hear his story I don't
know if he'll ever be free to tell it
he maybe just can't tell the story for a
variety of reasons but I thought I'd put
the offer out there because of this
small world somehow I had a direct
channel to the guy who was the biggest
story in the country and if he reads my
DM and if he decides he wants to do a
book I'll help him out all right the
someone also on the the locals platform
had this had this idea and it's a really
good one so let me run this one by you
all right so here's the idea that the
sea and then types and the you know the
anti-trump errs are trying to make
whatever they can out of this Flynn
thing they're trying to spin it any way
they can so it's so it's not so bad and
one of the things that you're hearing
them say is he pled guilty so how could
it be faked if there was if there was a
guilty plea and so it's actually a
pretty good point for the the low
information Watchers if they're just
trying to convince their base that it
wasn't as bad as people say even though
it was as bad as the worst thing you
could think it was actually a coup
that's what it was but here here was the
suggestion when somebody says yeah but
he pled guilty you know you can't you
can't ignore that and here's the
response
to that already so did the Central Park
five it's pretty good isn't it now I'd
forgotten this and I think it's true do
a fact check I'd be that I want to make
sure that's true but did not the Central
Park five confess and then you know it
must have been a coerced confession or
something and of course
Flynn's guilty plea was also coerced it
was coerced so how was that different so
just try this out so the suggestion
locals was to try this out because
apparently it's fun you can induce
cognitive dissonance now I've told you
how to spot cognitive dissonance before
but let me remind you you can induce
cognitive dissonance when you get people
you watch them carefully the eyes and
the face especially and they'll actually
go into her reboot mode or that were
they just where there's a vacant
expression for a moment and it lasts a
little bit too long for the social
situation so it'd be like this you know
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blow the law well you know Flynn
you know he pled guilty
that's so you know you got that and then
you say so did the Central Park five
they were coerced to then look at the
face and what you should see is is the
vacant expression that lasts too long
like and then the next thing that comes
out of their mouth if it's cognitive
dissonance will be nonsense then what
the words will fit together like a
sentence but you'll hear it and you'll
say I don't even know what that sentence
meant because it sounded like nonsense
so the way cognitive dissonance works is
that the person is trying to find a way
that they're still right and that they
understand the world even though clearly
they're wrong and they didn't and so
they invent a little patch sort of on
the fly it's like a little logic patch
to connect things they shouldn't connect
and that logic patch will just be
ridiculous because you can't connect
connect
connect and then they their brain
reboots so trying to know look look for
the blank stare that lasts too long
might only be two seconds but in a
social situation that's going to look
too long all right um Rasmussen has the
Rasmussen poll and on Twitter there it's
a great account to follow if you don't
follow our Rasmussen the polling company
on Twitter you missing something because
they're there social media game is very
non corporate you know it's the
Rasmussen knows how to use Twitter the
way Twitter should be used you know not
your dumb little corporate corporate
tweets like well we saw dust and water
don't say this but you know they're
they're funny and engaging and a little
provocative
so the Rasmussen account is fun to
follow and here's a little observation
that will blow your mind
do you remember the 2018 midterm
election and all the smart people said
probably the reason that that the
Democrats did well and the Republicans
didn't was probably health care because
that was such a big issue people prefer
the Democrats for health care but as
Rasmussen determined when they did some
polling to dig down on what happened in
that midterm election in 2018 they found
out that the biggest issue for people
who ended up you know voting let's say
against the Republicans was that Trump
was credibly accused of working for
Russia so we're all looking at these
midterms like that told us something's
like wow you know that the Democrats are
on a they're on a roll you know that
they won those midterms so you know
that's that tells us something here's
what it tells us it tells us how
powerful fake news is because that
Russian collusion wasn't true
didn't happen there's no evidence of it
and now all the people involved are
admitting that freely there was no
evidence that the
president or members of his group were
actively doing anything there there's
evidence that Russian was playing with
our election but that that was on them
that's not on Trump so it turns out that
we're coming into an election cycle in
which the Russia collusion story the
biggest thing that the Democrats had
going for them in the midterm just blew
up in their faces so you know I'm not
sure that in a presidential election
year that policies even matter I mean I
really don't I don't think anybody's
policy is gonna make a difference I
think people are voting for
personalities this time for president
all right Seattle did something
interesting and smart and I would love
to see other places do that they closed
20 miles of streets to traffic so
residents can exercise and bike on them
so instead of having your you know your
narrow little sidewalks where everybody
wouldn't be bunch it up they just close
the street to traffic I think the locals
can you know get out of their garage and
get back in and stuff so if you're a
local you can you know drive slowly on
the street but they close it and just
make it a big you know exercise place
everybody can get outside somewhat
safely and I say to myself I want that I
mean I've already suggested that in my
town so I I've already you know emailed
somebody to get that idea into the into
the powers that be locally I would
expect by local town to close their Main
Street because it's just too obviously a
good idea it's just really obviously a
good idea if you saw the Main Street
where I live you know a number of
restaurants but there's plenty of roads
and parking around that Street you know
it's one block away it's it's the
perfect it's the perfect solution so I'm
glad to Seattle pull the trigger on that
so you're probably watching the news
that the San Antonio City Council voted
unanimously I don't know how often they
vote unanimously on anything
they voted unanimously to approve
resolution labeling the term quote
Chinese virus as hate speech and they
encourage people to report it to
authorities yeah I know what you think
about that I know what you think about
that
to which I asked the following question
can I still refer to Mexican drug
cartels or should I just call them drug
cartels I can call the Mexican drug
cartels Canada because wouldn't that be
just as racist because there are a lot
of people in Mexico and as a percentage
very few of them are members of a cartel
so when you say Mexican drug cartel
you're kind of throwing all Mexicans
under the bus aren't you no you're not
you because everybody knows you're
talking about just the cartel
likewise when people say Chinese virus I
don't think they're blaming the citizens
of China I don't think anybody's saying
we got this virus because you're Chinese
I mean everybody understands they're
referring to where it came from but I
have a suggestion
to make everyone happy somebody says
don't be racist Scott
oh no I'm not watch this watch my next
move now you're in the you said it in
the comments it's the China virus China
is a place Chinese could be referring to
a place or a people a little bit
ambiguous a little bit open to
interpretation and so you can see why
the you know the people who want to make
something of it will say oh you're
talking about people why are you saying
Chinese do it which I say is not a
terrible point
why couldn't we call it the China virus
because China clearly is talking about
the government and the place and that's
an unambiguous Chinese I hear it too you
know and while I'm sure the people
saying it
not saying it for some weird racist
reason why bother if you can just call
it the China flu there's no ambiguity
why not tell us you where I came from
alright so that would be my suggestion
called the China flu however I bristled
at the notion that it was hate speech
because I've done so much worse talking
about China's government I always I
always hasten to say that the people are
awesome I love the people the citizens
great people the government pure evil
pure evil oh I see some people like
China virus yeah the beauty of China
virus is there's not a that's gonna
swear there's not a darn thing you can
complain about that it gets you the same
thing you wanted which is tagging China
with the with the problem because that's
sort of what you wanted but how is that
racist
it's the name of the country I mean we
didn't name their country that's not on
us all right how about this vitamin D
correlation so I tweeted this thread
yesterday in which I was sort of a let's
say extending an existing conversation
about vitamin D now the existing
conversation was hey this looks like
this could be really helpful maybe as a
therapy it looks like people who are low
on vitamin D are doing worse with it
so this vitamin D seems to have
importance so so that was already known
and widely tweeted at least and
certainly science is very firm on the
understanding that vitamin D has a role
in Beauty so I think we're beyond
wondering if it has a role but here's
where I've extended it a little bit and
the extension is to look at all of the
hotspots and the people who are doing
the worst and I just google them and
said alright
suppose you had diabetes and I google it
this says people with diabetes
often have vitamin D deficiency and I
said okay google black people I don't
know what I googled it wasn't black
people but I wanted to see if you're
black
do you have lower vitamin D you do
because it takes more Sun if your skin
or darker so all right that fits then I
just went down the line old people less
vitamin D overweight google it over way
people have vitamin D deficiency you
think the opposite right because if
you're overweight you should be getting
a lot of food must be some vitamin D in
there somewhere but apparently being
overweight is also a risk factor
so anyway I wouldn't write down the line
and you know how about smoggy City sure
but the but the two that were standing
out that's kind of weird were Spain and
Italy and there was some thought that
Italy is older could be that could be a
factor but what about Spain Spain is
pretty sunny right and I don't know if
they have a special problem or I don't
know if they're especially old but
somebody who had been studying this
vitamin D connection told me this let me
say that I'm just reporting was somebody
who looked into a sin so I can't tell
you that this is absolutely true but the
thought is this that in different parts
of the world even if it's sunny you
still can't get enough vitamin D because
apparently the angle of the Sun toward
your country has some big effect on you
know the the good stuff getting through
if you know what I mean so it's not
enough that you just have son you need
Sun at a certain angle and for a certain
amount of time
so apparently noon is the best time to
get your Sun if you've got sunscreen on
your face and it's the only thing
uncovered and you go out in the Sun well
it probably helps a little but you're
you know you're not getting what you
need so I would recommend no doctors so
if anybody wants to overrule me I'm just
gonna make a common sense
if I go outside and buy handed my hands
are the only things exposed that feels
like a bad plan because first of all I'd
rather wear sunscreen this is where I'm
gonna get mic if I'm gonna get skin
cancer it's gonna be up here somewhere
first because that's where the Sun is so
I would recommend go out and dune with
your shorts on put your face under a hat
or in the shade put your legs out and I
don't know about you but I can't
remember the last time I got a sunburn
on my legs I mean I I go I wear shorts
all summer in California and I never
played sunscreen in my legs and I barely
even get hand and I'm out there all the
time so there's something about legs
don't burn very fast so if you're a guy
maybe you take off your shirt for a few
minutes so 15 minutes of the noon Sun
anyway circling back to my point
apparently both Spain and Italy where
the the covet problem is pretty bad
they actually have low vitamin D because
of the angle of the Sun plenty of Sun
but low vitamin D because they're not
getting the right angle of Sun or so I'm
told I would like you to fact check
everything I say on this topic because
I'm way out of my comfort zone of
knowledge I'm just passing stuff along
at whatever credibility you want to put
on it all right here's another thing I
found you know their prisons we're
having this weird discovery of our
prisons that something like 90% of some
prisons have been exposed to the virus
something like 90% yet yet the deaths is
fairly low so why would prisons have
plenty of you know 90% affected but also
not much problem with the health-wise
why would that be because men are more
susceptible prisons the prisons were
talking about her mostly male prisons
african-americans more susceptible
plenty of active african-americans in
prison so and they don't get much Sun
so wouldn't you expect that the prison
situation would be really dire and
instead it's the opposite well here's
something I found out now first of all
you have to you'd have to factor in the
fact that people in prison tend to be
that they don't have a lot of job stress
they probably get plenty of rest and the
other they work out and lift weights so
they're youngish so there's probably
lots of reasons are a little bit extra
healthy anyway but here's what I found
out
prison meals are engineered makes sense
right because for humanitarian reasons
you can't give prisoners unhealthy food
it would be cruel and unusual so it
turns out and I didn't see this coming
that the the class of people in America
who have the best diets including
supplementation for vitamin D
specifically 600 whatever units are
prison meals so prisoners actually have
the best diet of anybody in the United
States and part of the reason this are
forced to eat it they don't have a
choice and the government is forced to
give them healthy food they don't have a
choice either because somebody would
complain right so they also have free
health care yeah but the although free
is a weird word for a prison situation
so could it be the vitamin D really is I
don't know 80% of the answer apparently
we can check for vitamin D sufficiency
so there are it looks like there's home
tests I don't know if you spin or take a
finger prick or what you do but
apparently there's some home tests where
you can test your vitamin D level and
here's the question I would ask you I'll
just put this out here as we're deciding
how to reopen and who can go to back to
work and who has to hide how good a
correlation would we find
if we were to study all the people with
vitamin D you know sufficiency and
insufficiency would we discover that no
matter who you are if your vitamin D
level is good you could go back to work
take me for example of a perfect example
I have for Co more comorbidities I have
four comorbidities a male I'm over 60
I've got asthma and I'm talking about it
in public which as you know makes the
simulation target you to get coronavirus
and kill you so if I hadn't mentioned
this publicly I would only have three
comorbidities but since I said it in
public you know how this works right the
the simulation is looking at me and
saying did you talk about this in public
because that's a comorbidity bastard
we're gonna come for you if there's
anybody who's gonna get a corona virus
now it's gonna be the just
talking about it in public too much
because you're in the target list now so
I think you'd agree for comorbidities
but on the plus side I'm otherwise
unusually fit and unusually healthy if
you know all things considered I also am
very dedicated to eating right and I am
literally going outside every day and
getting my 15 minutes of Sun now it's
California Sun song
I hope it's a good guide but presumably
given my light
pigmentation and given my dedication to
getting Sun every day and eating a
healthy meal otherwise and I do eat fish
so I probably get a little that way
would I be likely to have a bad time
with coronavirus for comorbidities
including talking about it on the
internet but what if my vitamin D is
good tell me you're not curious about
that find me the people with
comorbidities
if such a thing is this who also through
I know the Sun or or supplementation
also has good vitamin D do we have that
information
show me the high vitamin D people and
apparently you can be too high as well
there's some thought that that that
there's a right amount of vitamin D you
don't want too little but they're too
much could actually cause your problems
- not just directly but wouldn't be as
good first for dealing with the
coronavirus Elon Musk on Rogen I haven't
watched that yet but I will
they took asthma off the list I thought
they did yeah you know I don't know if
they did they intentionally take it off
the list or did it quietly stop being on
the list because I noted before that I
was watching the list and it seemed to
quietly be taken off the list is that
what you saw as well because so I think
there's still some question about it
alright so there's my there's my
challenge to the world instead of
testing for coronavirus instead of
testing for antibodies although those
are all good things to test for it also
could we cheaply and quickly test our
own vitamin D levels
could we is that is that the fastest way
to get back to work healthily check your
vitamin D levels if you can get them
back into a healthy range go back to
work if you can't hide you know wait
wait for the therapy is wait for the
yeah then he convalescent blood therapy
would probably be the smart one so
that's I haven't seen anybody suggest
that right has anybody suggested that we
decide who goes back to work based on
our vitamin D level I don't think I've
heard anybody say that I'll just put it
out there because it's very study Abal
so it's it's a is vulnerable to data in
other words you can get the data and you
could probably get the data in a way
that would be fairly reliable because
there's so many examples and so much
energy around it
yes somebody says their doctor warned
them about too much vitamin D I am told
and again don't take any medical advice
from me that would be a bad idea so this
is not medical advice but I am told
there is such thing as too much vitamin
D so that the way you would most likely
run into a problem is try to do it
yourself
yeah tried to do it without a doctor's
advice and just like pumping a bunch of
vitamin D into you because you're afraid
would be bad medical technique bad
medical technique all right in New York
City 66% of the people who got the virus
got it while socially isolating which
would also suggest the staying indoors
is not the best thing there's also a
theory I just saw it on the Internet
and again this is you know it's not like
it's past some kind of you know rigorous
scientific testing but given the nature
of the virus there's a high likelihood
that if you are in a shared shared
ventilation area they are a greater risk
so shared ventilation do you might see
at a prison shared ventilation you might
see on a at a nursing home shared
ventilation you might see on a cruise
ship if so and in office buildings also
so that might be one of the biggest risk
factors because there is some sense that
it's airborne so you know it may be it
may actually live through the air
conditioning anecdotally I know one
person who got it by being in the same
building but not having direct contact
with in fact never even meeting a person
who had confirmed a case of crota virus
so somebody in this who shared a who
shared a ventilation system with the
neighbor downstairs I think got it
without ever having any contact or even
actually knowing then that neighbor
existed now I suppose could have gotten
into the elevator or
you know the common male area or
something I suppose that's possible but
I put it out there as something that we
need to know more about now once again
it's another day of this stupidity it
goes like this all the smart people say
we need more testing why is our
government so bad don't you know that
everybody gets out of this with more
testing look at those little countries
doing so well with all their testing we
need more testing all the smart people
say that but the people who are smarter
than the smart people have a little bit
different take on it and it goes like
this if we could do that much testing
we'd already be doing it okay if you see
a tweet or like a quote from Melinda
Gates recently saying we should do more
testing you know we're doing it wrong
because we're not testing enough it
makes my head explode because doesn't
Melinda think the government didn't have
that idea yet did does Melinda Gates
think that Tony foul Chi and dr. Burks
hadn't thought of that and they're like
they're like looking at Twitter dr.
Burks is like how they check my Twitter
Melinda Gates whoa we need to do more
testing whoa why didn't I think of that
I've been working on this for so many
years and more testing that's brilliant
let's do that oh I'm so angry my head
wants to explode and here's the problem
the task force made the mistake of
selling testing sufficiency under the
context of having enough to open up in
these phases but the enough testing to
open up in phases which the president
and the task force repeats over and over
and we have enough tests you can open up
in phases according
the guidelines you can meet the
guidelines we have enough tests so the
world interprets that as we have enough
tests so wait a minute
if we have enough tests and the smart
people like Melinda Gates are saying we
should test more well there must be just
stupidity right we must just be stupid
we have all these tests everybody smart
says we should test more why don't we
use all of our existing extra testing to
do what works all the smart people say
so and why didn't Tony foul - you ever
think of doing more testing what is
wrong with him and all the other experts
they were waiting for this tweet from
Melinda Gates to say we should do more
testing and now they know here's what's
happening we do have I think this seems
to be true that we have enough testing
to open up in phases but that's a very
limited testing it's you know doctor's
orders and it's under certain conditions
it's a tiny percent of the country it's
not the kind of testing you do if you
want to get rid of a virus look quickly
you need to do massive testing drive-ins
you got to do something more like South
Korea etc if we could do that quickly do
you think that we wouldn't be doing that
seriously do you think there's any
chance that if we could do a lot more
testing then we wouldn't already be
doing it it's obvious that the problem
is we can't do it isn't it so he says
Texas is doing it right
Texas is doing one thing very right
which is they're they're focusing their
resources of the hot spots why other
people were doing that uh we're at least
not doing it as well I know that's for
them to explain maybe they are and just
Texas is doing a better job of
explaining it but I have a suspicion
that Texas is just doing a smarter it
could be it's just that you know it's a
very capable state they have a very
capable governor
they're they're very practical you know
Texas Texas isn't gonna do anything as a
state they're not going to do anything
that's just politically correct there
they're a little more practical about
things so if they're not testing
massively is because they can't they
don't have enough tests and how long
would it take to have enough tests to do
that have you have you seen all the news
reports about how long it would take
based on everybody ramping up and let's
say we even used the War Powers Act
well whatever it takes the best-case
scenario how long would it take the
ramped up it would be sometime after the
economy had crashed right so testing
unless somebody invents some new thing
that could be scaled up it's just not a
thing so all the smart people saying
that we should do more testing just stop
doing it what you should be saying is
how could we make it possible to do more
testing now one of the issues I don't
know enough about but Balaji Srinivasan
was saying this and he's far more
informed about this whole area he
suggests that one of the things holding
back sufficient testing in this country
is the FDA needs to approve the at-home
kits now there might be a one that's
approved maybe they need to approve more
there might be more to the story that I
don't understand but it could be that
that's the breakthrough it could be that
the breakthrough is is allowing the home
testing and then letting the capitalism
do what it does because if you said home
testing will be legal beyond what's
already approved I think at least one is
approved but if you said okay they're
all approved you just have to you know
show your numbers and be some standards
or whatever what would you pay to do a
home test if you can buy a home test
right now and you didn't need doctor's
approval and let's say you thought it
was 99% reliable what would you pay
right now with no symptoms so only the
people who don't have any reason to
think that they have it what would you
pay
so I would say I would pay you know
what's different because you know my
income is higher but let's say I'd
probably pay well in substance instead
of saying what I'd pay because I'd be
willing to overpay in this situation so
that's not fair
but let's say I had a normal job and I
was a normal person it's hard for me to
imagine that but I probably pay two
hundred and fifty dollars and I might
pay it four times a year just to test
everyone so long so I think it's but
anyway let's say you might pay you'd be
you'd be willing to pay less maybe you
would pay $25 or or hundred dollars so
everybody's somebody says zero I like
your attitude the ones who wouldn't pay
would pay zero all right so I'm seeing
some numbers come through 50 bucks five
dollars 20 dollars 99 300 zero etc all
right so here's my point if it were
legal for more companies to make these
at home testing kits I would imagine
that capitalism would ramp up to do that
pretty quickly because the the profit
potential would be enormous so it could
be that just as the president needs to
remove some more red tape but I don't
know enough about that situation or even
if it would be safe to do that here are
some good news Israel gets a FDA
approval for study of treatment of
pleurisy M so it's a new experimental
drug that Israelis gave to six critical
patients who are the the ventilator
types so is six patients who in the
normal world
you know maybe four or five of them
would die so once you get to that
advanced stage where you're on the
ventilator your prognosis terms really
bad really fast so if they put if they
tested six people who are at that stage
of really critical
if the drug didn't work you'd expect
something like three or four of them to
die because that's just the at least you
you might expect all six of them to die
and that wouldn't even be unusual but I
would say two to five dying is almost
guaranteed if you gave them a drug that
didn't do anything
wouldn't you say six critically ill
people now it's not big enough for a
proper you know a proper analysis but
given that if you took any six people
who are on ventilators for this they're
not all going home ever right would you
agree with that they're not all six
going home that unfortunately that just
doesn't happen but all six went home
actually I'm exaggerating all six got
off critical care in other words they
improved enough then it looks like
they're gonna come off ventilators and
be fined six out of six six out of six
what you know what are the statistical
odds let's say everybody's telling the
truth and there's nothing that we don't
know statistically one of the odds they
would get six out of six thousand to one
or something pretty low now of course
it's not enough to be comfortable you
still have to do the tests who knows if
there's some you know it might be
unhealthy in different ways it needs to
be tested but it's pretty positive
pretty positive I told you the other day
I was giving in a debate online it was
somebody who knows way more than I do
about Epidemiology and biology and
cetera
a professor Bergstrom and he had made a
claim that I challenged but I want to I
want to now take his side and suggest a
better way he could have persuaded me
and it's this his claim was that that
flattening the curve did not simply
delay did not simply delay things but
rather
reduced the total number of people who
would die and I said what's the logic
for that because extending it by
definition shouldn't change the area
under the curve like what would be the
mechanism that would change the area
under the curve unless you had a vaccine
or something and we don't see that
happening maybe it's not anytime soon
and so his argument he tried a few
approaches and I just said I'm not
getting that like I'm open to the
argument but I'm not hearing it and it
turns out that there there is support
for the idea that flattening the curve
does reduce the total number of people
who get it and now I'm going to improve
that argument and it goes like this if
you if you let the the virus go
unchecked and has that big you know that
big infection bump of them then tails
off that would be similar to driving a
car at 100 miles an hour and then
hitting the brakes if you're driving a
hundred miles an hour and you hit the
brakes
you might overshoot where you wanted to
stop because you can't stop that quickly
in 100 miles an hour and so the the
virus unchecked it's going to overshoot
the mark of herd immunity because it's
just so fast and even though you know
your town might reach herd immunity you
know people are still traveling and
stuff so you know we just want just
overshoots whereas if you are traveling
20 miles an hour which would be a
flattened curve and you're getting close
to herd immunity you can gently apply
the brakes and sort of hint herd
immunity
now analogies are not persuasive in and
of themselves but they're really good
for explaining a concept that you
haven't heard before or thought of in
that way so I would say that it is more
persuasive because I am convinced that
there is science behind the concept that
flattening the curve could actually save
lives now that
assumption is based on different viruses
so I would throw this caution into the
conversation that if you have a virus
that has a super high asymptomatic
number and also a super long incubation
period I don't know if the flattening
the curve works the same in that case
because it seems to be and this has been
my argument that if ninety percent of
the people in jail got the corona virus
there's nothing you can do to stop it so
my argument was you're gonna get to hurt
immunity no matter what well you can do
everything you want I'm hearing people
say that there's some company there are
some countries that are successfully
driving the infection rate to zero to
which I say that's not a thing unless
they're also buttoning up the border
because it doesn't matter if they drive
to zero as long as somebody else didn't
it's coming back yeah maybe slowly maybe
quickly but there's no such thing as an
individual company or country driving it
to zero and still having an airport
right so I'm seeing magical thinking
about people who think we can drive it
to zero in this country that's not a
thing I'm seeing magical thinking that
we could never have enough tests at
least in the next several months when
things are critical to test our way to
do anything useful so those are just
magical thinking's but I do think there
is something to the flattening of the
curve could don't know if it works with
this virus because of that long
incubation period but could lower the
number of people dead but I don't think
we have time to wait for it anyway so my
favorite Twitter economist Joshua Gans
made the statement that a quick way to
calculate whether was worth worth it to
affect the to damage the economy to save
X number of lives that the
numbers you would look at was he
estimated I think 500 billion a quarter
and lost GDP so that that's why you look
at okay we'll lose 500 billion a quarter
but we can save X tens of thousands of
lives potentially a million maybe maybe
two million based on the high numbers
here was my response and I'm not
especially good at this so somebody who
is smarter check my numbers okay because
I was trying to calculate the part that
was missing which is how many people
died if you damage the economy now keep
in mind if we were to go back to work
today I don't think the economy is
mortally wounded if we go back today
if we go back at the end of may I also
don't think the economy is mortally
wounded and I would still look for a
good 2021 but if we really tried to
drive infections down to something close
to zero I think you're talking about
August right and in August I'm no longer
confident that I can tell you that we
can revive the economy the same way we
could if we do if we started now I mean
there might be a permanent effect we
could get behind China our military
spending might be impossible we could
them you know lower we could be less
safe in a million ways it's my way I
look for I look for an estimate of how
many people extra died in poverty and I
got an estimate from some website who
knows how credible it is who knows how
incredible anything is
but there was one estimate over in Great
Britain that you'd have 500 at the high
end so this is the high end about 500
extra deaths for every hundred thousand
people impoverished so if you
impoverished an extra hundred thousand
people 500 of them are likely to die
that wouldn't so let's let's work that
through let's say that we wait too long
to revive the economy and it causes 50
million citizens to be impoverished in a
way that they would not have otherwise
is that too high 50 million well
everything depends on how long will we
wait right at some point it would be 50
million I don't know if that happens in
June or but at some point 50 million
people would be impoverished 50 million
people impoverished at 500 extra deaths
per 100,000 check my math would be
250,000 extra debt per year just from
the poverty but keep in mind poverty is
not it doesn't end in the calendar year
if you've got that much poverty if if 50
million people are suddenly impoverished
that doesn't fix itself in a year so
let's say four years so let's say four
years of a quarter million people dying
extra from poverty that's a million
people so I would say that the risk of
say waiting till the end of the summer
and again nobody knows everything's got
instincts based on who knows what so
there's no science and what I'm going to
say next it's my judgment based on
living on this earth as long as I have
then if we were to wait to say the end
of the summer we would probably put it
you know a quarter of a million to a
million people at risk but if we were to
go back to work with full full semi
mitigation semi mitigation dr. drew you
missed all the good doctor stuff just
joining you left you have to check out
the early stuff and find out if I send
everything wrong I'm Way over my skis on
this dr. drew I'm Way over my skis so I
need I need you to pull me back into the
you know into the place where cartoonist
should be bond anyway the poverty alone
could kill a million people if we wait
too long to redo you know to revive the
economy and how many people would you
expect to die from the virus if we phase
back to work the way the federal
government said or some version of that
the states are violating the the
guidelines but they
you know they get to choose right it's
up to the states to violate the
guidelines how many how many we like to
are likely to die extra if we you know
just put a like a glass wall around the
nursing homes we protect the you know
the most vulnerable the elderly we're
not going to go back to work anyway
you know they don't work really some
portion of them and what if we just you
know wore our masks did our distancing
you know close the streets in front of
restaurants baby paws the big events you
know the Stadium events for till the end
of the year until we know what's what
but if we did all of that that snuff
would we lose 250,000 people because I
don't think so I don't think so but
again I can't calculate it so anyway I I
would just summarize this that I do buy
the argument and I did not before
because I haven't heard the reason now
that I've heard the reason I accept that
there's some scientific or at least
logical backing for the idea that
flattening the curve could actually
reduce the total number of people who
ever died because when you flatten it
you you have less risk of overshooting
herd immunity so let's say herd immunity
was 60% of the public having it if you
let it go free you goes home right past
that and you know maybe stops at 70
percent your see you got your herd
immunity but that's a lot of people who
got into effect that that didn't need to
be if you slow it with flattening the
curve you might be able to inch up
unheard immunity maybe hit it more
gently don't overshoot it but you've got
to calculate the economic hit for
weighting that law so that's what I
think I will give you a better review of
the plague of corruption movie when the
actual full-length movie is available or
if I dig into the book so my current
feeling is that is not credible as
presented
the other side so nothing is credible
until I hear the other side but I'll
keep watching it well I'll keep it I'm
not gonna dismiss it yet so I'm gonna
give it its due of credit because the
people involved this dr. Judy Mike Ovitz
she has credentials if she did not have
credentials I'd probably just blow it
off but she does have exactly the right
credentials so although I'm not
convinced I have not heard the full
story and I'll listen to the parts I am
less likely to believe are anybody
else's interpretation of the inner
intentions of strangers that's where it
gets dicey so we'll see somebody says
can we understood
I don't think you could undershoot by
flattening the curve because flattening
it doesn't stop it so just take as long
as it took but you'd hit herd immunity
all right so mary says is pointing out
that I think she's not credible but
Christina says she is so maybe it's
sexism that makes me think she's not
credible you may have missed the first
part of the periscope where I addressed
that Christina listened to it and I
watched it and my my sense of
credibility was about her vibe and her
physicality just there was something
about it that was raising a flag but it
couldn't be it could be Saxon because
how would I know the whole point of bias
is that you're the one who doesn't know
right Carol it out I'm just I'm guarding
against it and I don't think it is but
I'm not the person who can rule it out
it doesn't work that way all right
that's enough for now
Oh Grinnell had dropped off a few more
files to bar somebody says
did I recognize it as a persuasion
technique the plague of corruption
movies as a persuasion technique well
only not a special one not in terms of
using the tools of hypnosis or anything
exotic but only in the sense that is a
credible person telling a story so if
you've got a credible person telling the
story it's persuasive that's it's
obviously persuasive but I didn't see I
didn't see anything that I would call
technique that goes beyond the obvious
all right that's it for now and I will
talk to you tonight