it's good
sign want you all stream in here and get
ready for the show of
shows the show you've been waiting for
it's the one that means the
most all those other shows way less
important all right where are we here
today it's Thea collapse some call it a
train wreck
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'll
bet you've never had a better time in
your whole life but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need is
a cuper mugger a glass a tanker gel or
Stein a canteen suar flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens
now oh so
good
wow well we will of course be talking
about the interview with Brett Bear and
KL Harris but I'll let a few more people
flow in here before we get to that a
couple other items um according to the
Daily Mail an evil that's their word an
evil Super Gang wo an evil Super Gang uh
has seized four apartment complexes in
major Texas city and a new terrifying
show of strength of course it's the
Venezuelan gang uh apparently they're
pretty good at what they do
now do you believe this do you believe
that four apartment complexes have been
taken over by the gangs well let's watch
the mainstream news today tell us it
didn't happen oh well you you mean the
minor
incidents oh oh there might have been
some minor incidents I I don't even know
what you're talking about with
Apartments being taken over that's crazy
talk well we'll
see uh meanwhile the U UC San Diego uh
introduced a new requirement for
graduation no matter what your major is
you have to take at least one class to
teach you climate change
 so the question is do you think
that there could be money made for
somebody to deprogram college students
and I mean that literally suppose you
were a parent and you paid to send your
kid to to the school and you found out
that they had been propagandized for all
kinds of wokeness and
 would you ever say you know
what uh you're going to have to take one
more class it's not going to be forever
just one more class and that class will
be to deprogram you from all the
ridiculous that they put in
your heads and maybe you can remember
some things that are good for
jobs meanwhile the climate Depot reports
that the 's no change in the warming
rate since the
70s and now there's no there's no
warming surge I'm sorry I didn't mean
that there's no warming surge since the
70s which would suggest that despite
putting massive amounts of CO2 in the
air things just went the way they were
going nothing really
changed is that uh believable well I
don't believe any science data so the
answer is none of it's credible
but it's not credible in either
direction uh the European Union has
declared war on the United States um
they don't say it in those words but uh
the European Union the EU has warned
X that it may that the union May
calculate potential fines against it
based on revenue from other Elon Musk
businesses according to Bloomberg that's
right so the European Union May assess
fines on the
xplatform that are based on the income
of entirely different companies that are
just also owned by
musk just let that settle in that is not
a business transaction that is that is
war on America that's war in America you
just declared war on on major American
Industries the European Union just
declared war in
America if this story is real that's war
and we should respond as aggressively as
possible with sanctions tariffs I don't
know whatever the you can do to the
European Union but no no you
 you don't get to come after an
American company because you don't like
another American company that's coming
after America that's not coming after
musk if you come after his other
companies you're coming after
America and we should respond
aggressively now obviously the Harris
Administration won't but if you're going
to wait for Trump good luck why
don't you wait for Trump because if he
sees that you're you're that you're
sanctioning unrelated companies except
for connection to one person you're
 I don't know what he's going to
do to you but he's not going to let it
go so maybe you should think about it
now before we have to with you
because this is war this is War
if you come after American
companies for
 it's
War so it's enough of
that um do you remember when people were
trying to cancel X over all the
anti-Semitism well there's a recent
study that shows that Tik Tok has 10
times as much Instagram probably has
five times as much come tox is that data
correct I don't know I don't believe any
data but I never believe the data that
anti-Semitism was worse on X now of
course whoever gets to decide what is
anti-Semitism is the big question here
so one reason I don't believe the data
is that one person's idea of what is
anti-Semitic is really different than
another person's idea of what is
anti-semetic so let's let's agree that
the entire study is probably
but I don't believe that acts is worse
than anybody else on
anti-Semitism you've heard this before
but it's more relevant than ever
according to cpost you know that cats
have this parasite quite often
Toxoplasma Gandhi and humans get it
quite easily so you can get a little
parasite from your
cat and if you get that parasite the
science is suggesting it makes you
anxious
so you you'd have
anxiety okay does this have any
connection to the real world let's see
we observe that cat ladies seem to be
batshit crazy and I mean that seriously
not as a
joke there's something wrong with the
cat ladies right now it could be just
single women have different opinions
than any other demographic group that
wouldn't be unusual nothing nothing
unusual about that but it doesn't look
like that does it you know a lot of it
is team play and just preferences about
abortion and we all understand that
right if you're young and abortion is a
bigger issue in your life you can see
why you'd be a Democrat makes
sense but I think that we should take
this
seriously and I think we should study to
see if the people who have this uh
parasite are are voting differently or
have higher anxiety about Trump
now remember that the the play that the
Democrats are using is to say Trump is
the dangerous dictator blah blah blah
which is literally playing on people's
anxieties it's not playing on their uh
reasonable mind their logical mind their
knowledge of facts or even their
preferences it's really just scaring
them now if it
works it could be a combination of good
messaging that's scary
plus this parasite and it might actually
be a difference like act no joke I think
this is important enough that we need to
understand it better because if our
entire election system is based on cap
parasites we need to rethink our
system and it might be you know given
that elections are always close we might
be in a system where we think that we're
voting and we're in some kind of
republic
and the entire system is being run by
 cap parasites that is completely
possible completely possible I mean I
wouldn't you know place a giant bet on
it but it's at least 20% possible that
the country is run by cat parasites
actually literally cat parasites running
the
country so there's that well let's talk
about the kamla the train wreck kamla
that's the the number one trending thing
on X train W kamla so she had if you
didn't hear uh a conversation with Brett
Bear on Fox News and to say that it
didn't go well would be the
understatement of the decade in my
opinion summarizing it I've never seen a
worse interview I've never seen a
candidate collapsed that hard except for
Joe Biden in his last debate
this was KL Harris's Joe Biden debate
this was the moment where everybody in
the country who watched it said to
themselves silently even if they don't
say it out loud oh I see why they were
keeping her from the public remember
that's why you said about Biden when
Biden collapsed in his final debate you
said to yourself wait a minute did all
the people around him know that this was
going to happen yes they did did
everybody know he had dementia yes they
did did everybody know that's the reason
they were keeping him from the public of
course they did and then they were doing
the same thing with KL Harris and then
we saw when she talked to somebody who
asked the you know tough questions not a
friendly that there's a reason she was
kept from the public she can't do this
she's an idiot it turns out and there's
no other way to put it she's the lowest
IQ person we've ever seen at least in my
lifetime running for president she is
not anywhere near smart enough to do the
job now that's not something I say
because she's a woman it's not because
of a person of color Obama I think was
brilliant uh Hillary Clinton evil but
brilliant and I can you if you want me
to I can go on all day naming brilliant
people who are either black or persons
of color or women plenty of them got
lots of them right she's not one people
she's a idiot she's a
idiot that's the only story if you're
talking about the policies you're on the
wrong Playbook we have somebody who's
almost president who doesn't have in
anywhere near the intellectual heft that
we need she doesn't look emotionally fit
she doesn't look intellectually fit she
didn't look even prepared it was an
absolute train
wreck what did Rob R Riner say about it
looking
good we'll get to that well you may have
heard the this this became quite viral
David Sachs referred to the commers Doom
Loop the Doom Loop is that the longer
they kept her away from the public the
lower her polls would go because people
would say hey we need to hear from you
so that would hurt her in the polls but
if she went the other way and started
doing interviews she's so bad at it her
polls would go down what are you going
to do if the polls are down well you
better
what hide and the polls go down or keep
talking and the polls go down that's
your Comm haris Doom Loop and it's
getting a lot of traction because people
are people are using that frame to
understand what's going on I added to
the frame that this is this is Joe
Biden's uh Biden this is Joe Biden's
final debate this was the reveal right
now the reason I'm doing that is what
because I want you to think of this at
the same time you think of Joe Biden's
final debate as the moment we all saw
what the real story is Right likewise
the the Doom Loop give you structure so
that you're all thinking about it in a
productive way yes she can't do an
interview she does not have the
capability to do the basic thing that a
president does you could throw a dart in
Congress and whoever it hit no violence
please don't actually throw a dart but
whoever hit unless it was KL Harris
probably would be okay I believe you
could randomly pick any member of
Congress or the Senate and say hey uh I
know you're unprepared but could you do
some interviews and be a president
presidential candidate anybody anybody
could have walked into that situation
and performed better maybe not A+
without a little practice but everybody
could have been a B+ every everybody
we've elected has at least B+ capability
she doesn't she she's somewhere in the D
minus oh my God what am I watching
capability it is a train wreck
people and if you don't see it you're
watching the
news well the betting markets obviously
saw it so Trump went to a commanding
gigantic lead in the poly markets 61 to
39 odds of winning so yes the people who
were betting their actual money saw a
train wreck if you're listening to
somebody who says it all went fine cuz
she went into the belly of the Beast and
came out and and Trump is hiding for the
Press no that's not what happened
nobody's putting their money on that
point of
view all right so lots more about this
number one Brett Bear had no real chance
of having a serious conversation with a
serious person so if you're going to ask
me how did Brett Bear
I would say he failed
completely now but let me also say Brett
Bear is the best in the business
actually the best like number one of any
network of anybody doing a job like is
he's number one in my opinion and and so
his capability is
100% so so I'm going to try to put two
things together that you say don't go
together he failed completely in my
opinion complete failure he's the best
in the business
there was no
chance the the setup by his nature he
had no chance so what uh by the way one
of the things you learn in media
training if you know you're going into
an unfriendly or potentially unfriendly
interview you make sure that it's as as
short as possible and part of that is
that you game the system so that you
show up late which she did and then you
say I got to leave early I don't know if
she did that but that's part of it you
make sure that the actual time on camera
is compressed and compressed because you
know hey what about that lighting hey uh
you know I need some makeup on uh just a
minute oh I'm almost ready so you want
to compress compress compress which she
did now I'm going to give the Comm team
and A+ in media handling because
compressing the time from I think it was
like 30 minutes down to maybe 20 or less
was really good it's good in a weasel
way that you know if you're deal with an
unfriendly press you want little as
possible so that was strangely very very
effective in a you know in an evil way
but very
effective so she also came in and
decided she would talk over Brett Bear
not answer his questions and just use
the time to say some about
Trump Brett Bear thought he was going to
ask questions and get responses and
maybe have follow-ups nothing like that
happened and there's nothing that Brett
barar could have done differently that
would have changed it cuz she came in
with a plan to just fill the Buster and
use up all the time and talk over him
and you make sure nobody heard the
questions you can't do anything about
that the only thing you could do is cut
it short and say look we spend five
minutes here and it doesn't seem to be
that you're willing to have a real
interview should we just cut it
short and then she would get all mad and
huffed huffed and puffed and walked out
and then nobody would ever talk to Fox
News again ever
is that is that a winning play nope nope
he did not have a play where he could
just cut it off did he have a play where
he could settle her down in any way is
there anything he could have done to get
her to be a legitimate interview nope
nope because that was her decision and
her decision was to be not a legitimate
interview person so there wasn't
anything he could do Under the strict
guidelines that he's an employee of Fox
News he had a certain set of time he had
other deadlines for other shows and
stuff like that they had to be prepped
in time for the you know the time they
said it was going to be on So within the
constraints he was working in he didn't
have anything he just had nothing to
work with now it was a complete
failure in and only if you compare it to
what he presumably wanted to do which is
have a really interesting conversation
where you'd learn something and you'd
know her policies better when you're
done
but
still the event as an event that tells
the viewers what they need to know
completely
successful completely successful because
Brett Bear it turns out didn't need to
ask any smart questions with any
follow-ups he just had to put it on the
air and she fell apart oh
completely absolute destruction I've
never seen a worst interview and I was
actually spent quite a bit of time
thinking if I've ever seen anything that
bad and not nothing close so did were
were the uh were the viewers served yes
yes so I'm going to say Fox News this is
weird
A+ A+ you you got her to come on the air
you gave her all the rope that she
wanted and then she hung herself on the
air now the fact that you didn't get to
do it the way you hoped you would do it
in a more professional way that's not
bad on you that is not bad on Brett Bear
Brett Bear brought his whole game which
is excellent he just didn't have an
opportunity to use it but instead the
audience got to see something really
useful which is watching her uh as an
intellectual fall
apart all right so let's see uh the the
things that bothered me were Harris went
on about uh Trump saying that he would
use the military against his domestic
enemies but she said so many things that
I was waiting for him to break in and
say well you know that's a little out of
context he he didn't say he was going to
use the military to get rid of his
domestic enemies but he didn't have time
because it was just one crazy thing
after another talking over him so I did
feel as it was happening I was feeling
he was letting me down because I wanted
him to stop and say that that didn't
happen but he also wasn't there to be in
a debate as somebody else said he was an
interviewer not a debater so you know
how far do you go in fact checking
versus do you get to the next question
now that's where that 20 minutes thing
comes in uh that's why it's important if
if he had enough time to do let's say a
Joe Rogan sized interview he would have
stopped her and said okay you said this
about the military uh let me read the
quote so people can hear it in the right
context by the way that's the way Brett
Bear does
it that's why he's the best in the
business it would be easy for him to say
that's not true she didn't say that he
doesn't do that he says can you run the
clip that you're talking about so we we
can see what he said in his own words
and then just let it stand there that
that's the way he does it and that's the
way to do
it so she also got visibly upset now
sadly not everybody who gets upset does
it in the same way there are lots of
ways to get upset you've SE an interview
guest get upset and then make it work to
their advantage haven't you you've
probably seen I can't think of a
specific example but I'll bet you've
seen Trump get angry with an interviewer
and then he just turns on him and then
just dresses them down in you know sort
of ordinary firm language like a like a
you know a father talking to a
teenager and he can turn that into a
positive but his face doesn't change
much you feel like he's he just comes
this is Trump you feel like Trump comes
into a situation with an unfriendly
interviewer who goes a little too far in
the unfriendly and then he just says now
we're done with that let me tell you
what people need to know about your fake
news the fake stories your fake
questions and here's what's true and
then he just you know gives it to him
with both barrels that works that works
now KL Harris and any woman who's
running for a high office could also do
that you know if you had the right
person they could do that but K Harris
went the uh Angry wife Direction which
is the Doom Loop of all doom Loops her
face went into that face that every man
has seen at least once and you never
want to see that in your life if you're
a man I don't know how I don't know how
it plays with women I have no idea but
the face that she was presenting you
know when she was losing her cool is the
face that nobody wants to see from a
girlfriend or a wife or an ex-wife it
looked like ex-wife you know if the if
the divorce didn't work out uh ex-wife F
by the way I'm not ever talking about my
own exes my own exes are awesome I have
only good things to say about them but
uh you all understand what I'm talking
about there there is such a thing as bad
exes and wow did she come across now for
a while I thought to myself is this just
me and then I go on X and I see men just
saying men are do you want to look at
that no man's want to vote for that
every man sees what's going on I mean
men men were kind of unified in being
horrified at that uh
presentation um so angry wife mode I
don't think that's going to look so
here's one person on X Eric dhy uh a
user on X had this to say uh with four
bullet points here are the four bullet
points to sum up the entire
interview the
look the
tone the finger
wagging yeah men aren't voting for
this that I love that because that's the
fewest number of words to completely sum
up the situation the look the tone the
finger wagging yeah men aren't voting
for this so maybe she could go on
charlam me the God
again maybe that'll
help oh my God it's
pathetic at one point Harris was getting
in it with Brett going back and forth
and she said something stupid I can't
remember but it was something that
everybody in the audience said what that
sounds stupid and then she said it again
and I said don't say that twice it
sounds stupid I can't remember what it
was and then she follows up with you and
I both know what I'm talking about to
brat and Brett cly says I actually don't
know what you're talking
about that that stood out for me I
actually don't know what you're talking
about now that's the one that brought it
all the way back to
spouses I mean this just sounds like a
husband and wife and the wife is some
kind of narcissistic drug addled
 anyway so here here are some of
commis blabber points a lot of it was
just blather uh I have been clear
whenever there's something she hasn't
been clear about such as a policy she
clears it up by saying she's been clear
I have been clear I have been clear and
by the way I don't know if you heard me
say it but I've been clear I've been
clear I've been clear now here's some
more political
advice if you're going to borrow a
phrase from somebody who has as almost
their
catchphrase you don't want to borrow a
catchphrase from the second biggest
 in the
world Karina John Pierre she's one in
the spokesperson who always does he he's
been clear I've been very clear I've
been very clear to every single question
don't borrow the biggest morons
catchphrase think of all the people who
have catchphrases and all the people in
the world there's eight billion people
eight billion people that you could copy
don't copy the biggest idiot in
the world oh well I've been very clear
I've been very clear I like how she's
handling this I feel like if I did that
I could get as good a result as king
Johan Pierre who recently got promoted
so that's obviously working so I'm going
to go with that I've been clear I've
been so clear all my clearness My
Clarity is beyond
clear
yep then asked about her differences of
opinion before she became vice president
and uh how she had a bunch of radical
sounding things that she's not promoting
when she's vice president and not
promoting as she's running for president
and when asked to explain how she went
from the opposite view to her current
view just so we know if she really
changed to her current view or is she
just saying it to get elected and maybe
later she'll change her mind and then
you'll be surprised then you'll say well
I shouldn't be surprised she said for 50
 years that this is what she
wanted to do and then she told us she
was lying when she ran for office and
that she still wants to do it
effectively
by saying well uh her answer was I will
follow the
law now how do you hear that I will
follow the
law here's how I hear it the current law
is not what I want if I get the right
people in Congress I will aggressively
help them change the law to what I
always wanted it to be before I ran for
vice president once they've changed the
law to some racist piece of law
that she wants then I'm going to follow
that law
so it's the worst answer you could ever
give I'm going to follow the law because
at the very least it sounds stupid and
weak and
pathetic in the best case scenario she's
trying to screw you and she's telling
you in
advance there's no good way to interpret
that you're either an idiot or you've
got a plan to screw the country pick
one and then even Trump was are un true
social because most of the answers to
any question was uh orange man bad so so
Trump actually posted that that most of
her answers were orange man
bad all right well when you see when you
see
Harris performing this poorly and you
know that she was chosen by the smartest
people in the Democrat Party and you
know that before that Joe Biden was
running and he is and was
laughably pathetic why would the
Democrats go from one laughingly
pathetic candidate to a second
laughingly pathetic candidate well it
feels like If This Were a sport you know
this were professional basketball it
would feel like they're playing for a
better draft pick now if that doesn't
make sense to you if you don't follow
Sports uh professional teams such as the
NBA if uh
they get to pick every year they get to
pick the best young people coming out a
college or not always college but they
they the order in which they get to pick
is based on how poorly they did the year
before so if you're not doing well
during the season and you know you won't
make it into the playoffs it's better to
lose more games than to win because
you're you know half of The Season's
gone you can't make it up so you might
as well sort of pull back a little bit
lose more games be the worst one in the
league and then when you get to pick you
get LeBron James because he comes up in
the draft I mean let's say a young young
LeBron James so it almost feels like
this weird situation where the Democrats
are not playing to win they're doing
such an insanely obviously stupid job
that you think oh I get it you're
playing for the next draft pick but
there is no draft pick there's no draft
pick
um so JD Vance is pointing out that
Harris once again refused to name a
single policy difference between her and
Joe Biden and does that sound like a new
way forward so the thing that people
seem to be picking up on the most is
that she's talking about this new way
and turn the page but she doesn't say
well she would be doing different from
Biden because she's not clever enough to
do that how easy would it be for a smart
person to explain why their policies
will be different than their
boss I feel like anybody with a
reasonably high IQ could pull that off
perfectly I'll give you an example Scott
you're you're running for president you
were the vice president for years but um
you know if you're going to turn the
page and do new things can you tell us
what was happening before that you're
going to do differently I would say uh
well yes um I've introduced several new
plans and I'd say we're doing this we're
doing that we're doing that and they say
well why didn't you do that before and
I'd say well I think we all know
everybody watching knows that the vice
president isn't the one who's usually
introducing plans it's more about
following the the vision of the
president and I've done that but on top
of that in addition to now having having
the freedom as a candidate to promote
some ideas that I think would be great
now they're all things that of course
we've discussed internally in one way or
another but if I become president my uh
My Views will get a little more
prominent look and that's what I like
and uh situations change as well so we
didn't have a war when we started we
have one now so obviously policies
change because situations changed so
some of it is because the situation has
changed Brett and some of it is because
uh now I've got the spotlight and I can
introduce a few ideas that I think it's
time for he says why didn't you do it
before I say well I remind you again as
vice president you're more about
supporting the boss and I think he did a
great job on the things he did and uh
now I've got some ideas that I think are
worth surfacing and uh the timing and
the situation are a little more
conducive to it so this would be the
right time and I remind you that even if
Joe Biden had stayed in office and
wanted second term his second term would
also introduce new ideas there would be
adjustments and tweaks to things we've
done so the normal course of things that
the vice president stays a little quiet
when vice president but as I emerge
you'd like to get a little bit more of a
flavor of my preferences I'm trying to
do that for the public um it'll be the
same philosophically as Biden but we'll
be reacting to new information on the
ground in some cases new funding if we
get funding we can do things we couldn't
do before and so if you think about it
every every Administration is different
from the one before and uh we all expect
that
Brad now compare
that to whatever the hell she
said right we have to stop pretending
that we're dealing with a some kind of a
policy difference we're talking about an
idiot we're on the verge of electing an
idiot and we all see it this is not
potic is normal this is idiot time and
if we don't figure out a way to stop the
Dei idiot train at the top
job well maybe we deserve what we get
maybe we deserve
it well what did the Press say about it
CNN NPR and the
guardian and let's see a bunch of other
outlets all said it was a testy
interview testy is that a word you hear
a lot or does that sound like a word
that everybody in the Press was informed
to use because it doesn't sound like
train wreck oh my God it was a train
wreck say it was testy because that'll
make her sound tough she was testy
because you don't want to say she acted
like a crazy because that's what
it felt like you want to say she was
testy so everybody's GNA say it's testy
even Newsmax said it was testy but I
don't think they got the
memo um and Elon Musk was mocking the
news for always saying the same
thing all right um I saw a post by
somebody named Tiffany Fong now you
don't need need to know who Tiffany is
she's just a person with an opinion on
uh social media and next she posted this
she said I don't actually consider
myself radically right or radically left
I just think K Harris is stupid and I am
voting for Donald Trump
how many views do you think she got for
that 76
[Laughter]
million now to be fair Elon Musk
reposted her with a comment but she got
76 million people who agreed with the
statement that kley Harris is
stupid not not that she has policies I
don't like
that she's
stupid 76 million
views
so all right um one of the big Mysteries
that I have and I mean this
seriously I'm trying to figure
out has KL Harris always been this
stupid or is there something that
happened like actually literally did
something happen is she on some kind of
weird medication did she have a head
injury is there some medical problem
that wasn't disclosed by her doctor is
she on some kind of
drugs what exactly is going on how did
she get all the way to the pr you know
the the the uh the doorway to the
presidency by being so stupid that you
wouldn't hire her for any job imagine
that she came in to interview for with
you you're the boss and come
Harris comes into interview for any job
for any job could be a server in a
restaurant could be a lawyer in your Law
Firm could be the you know a doctor
administrator in a hospital any job
would you hire that based on what you
saw would you hire her for anything and
the answer is I don't think so I can't
think of any job that that personality
would fit to and so I asked myself how'
you get all the way here was that all
Dei was that all
identity and even I who have been a big
critic of Dei I can't believe you could
get all the way here just on that you
know maybe some luck too but
really I don't know so this is a genuine
question I I have actual curiosity like
not just political you know not just
trying to make a a point because I've
already made the point she's an idiot
did it
change did something happen because
remember I was thinking that she would
be a formidable candidate back in 2018
based on seeing her operate in public
but where was that where where was that
person I saw in 2018 because she looked
completely capable but maybe it was such
managed appearances I couldn't tell the
difference I'm actually curious I don't
know well let's talk about somebody
who's unusually smart uh Byron Donalds
um he was talking about the Border Bill
and unlike Brett Bear and unlike Kell
Harris when the Border bill that failed
comes up Byron Donald's can give you 10
reasons that failed off the top of his
head and they're all correct number one
it codified catch and release two let in
1.8 million illegals three funded fanu
Sanctuary cities four funded NOS moving
illegals five lawyers gave lawyers to
illegals six work permits to illegals
seven nothing to deport the illegals
eight no immediate wall funds a nine
weak Asylum screening 10 60 billion to
Ukraine
now may I suggest if you want to see a
brilliant guy who is brilliant every
time he's in public watch Byron
Donalds Byron Donald's is so freaking
smart that every time I see him I walk
away with the same thought it doesn't
even matter what the topic is I walk
away with the same thought well there's
a future
present right if you've watched him in
public when he was done you had the
thought that not only what he said was
super capable like really
smart but then you also said what would
stop that guy from being president and
the answer is nothing I mean nothing I
know of so everybody has to be vetted
but uh that is smart so you watch JD
Vance and you say okay that's really
smart you watch
uh you you watch Barack
Obama very smart even if he disagree but
very smart Bill Clinton super smart
Hillary Clinton super smart lots of
smart people in the world K Harris is
not one of them yeah and when you watch
Trump it's brilliant and in a way that's
only
Trump we've got to stop acting like this
is political people there there is an IQ
minimum for president and we need to act
like that's real because there is you
got to be at least a little bit Smart in
that
job anyway um I saw somebody else say
this before I did and then I felt bad
because I thought it was so brilliant
that I was going to say it first but
then I think a few other people said
exactly the same thing before I did so
to those people who said it before I did
I salute you but I'm going to say it
too I think the odds of Harris going on
Joe Rogan are close to zero
now now some people said ah no he's a
friendly so even though maybe he would
not necessarily vote for her he's a
friendly interviewer a friendly
personality a good guy um it would be
casual she'd look fine
oh no there's no way that her team went
home happy last night and saidwell that
worked out so well I can't wait till
you're on Joe Rogan I don't think they
had that thought because the biggest
thing that she did to um well let me say
this the reason Brett Bear was
helpless is that he had to work with a
limited timeline which Joe Rogan doesn't
he had to start at a certain time and
finish at a certain time which Joe Rogan
doesn't it had to be limited to a
certain amount of time Joe Rogan doesn't
need to do that but also Brett Bear had
to bring a certain level of
professionalism that would represent his
employer because employer his employer
needs to be able to get sometimes a
Democrat to come on the air if if it's a
if it's a complete beat down and it's
unprofessional then they just say well
just look at that had on professional
things so that's why we don't go on the
air but Joe Rogan literally you know is
a commentator for MMA fighting a standup
comedian and uh number one or number two
podcaster in the entire
world he can just keep
talking and he doesn't have to follow
any of her rules and he doesn't have to
follow any of uh Brett Bear's Fox News
rules that you know requires a certain
specific kind of
professionalism but Rogan would not be
bound by that now I don't say I'm not
saying that Joe Rogan would you know
like tear her apart and you know turn
into some different personality he's not
going to turn into you know Bill o riy
overnight or something but just letting
her talk and making sure that when she
was done that she you know he points out
she did or did not address the question
it would be the end of her so I think
that she's going to have Hillary Clinton
kill one of her closest friends around
the day that she has the Rogan thing in
uh scheduled so that she can say well I
definitely would love to be there but my
best friend tragically
died in a street murder not from a
Venezuelan
gang probably from some Republican she
would
say another question is
uh um why she didn't do things with the
Border sooner when we know that the
first thing they did was open the border
and then people got
killed and
uh she she basically said that she wants
to close the border now because people
will get killed if she
doesn't but she didn't think it before
and she can't explain why she was okay
with people getting killed by the people
coming in the Border not many of them
are dangerous so let let me let me let
me say just so I say it every once in a
while I don't believe as a
percentage that the migrants are
dangerous but 1% of the number of people
coming in would be a gigantic crime wave
I mean that would be a lot of crime if
1% of them happen to have a criminal
impulse so she she basically botched
every single uh well everything anyway
so let's talk about some uh
other things
um some of the states most welome
connected Democrats apparently are
worried about the Pennsylvania operation
um I did not write down where I got that
story from so sorry about that but
there's a uh there's a report that
karis's ground game in Pennsylvania is
sort of chaotic and and a mess and
that's people say is going to be the
case State me meanwhile Elon Musk says
he's going to have about half a dozen
public events in Pennsylvania just to
help
Trump and that's amazing it's amazing I
mean it's going to be hard for Democrats
to ignore that musk is throwing himself
into the election at the complete risk
of
Destruction musk is Allin in a way that
nobody's ever been so Allin before you
know one of the things that musk famous
did is he bet everything on Tesla and
then he bet everything again I think on
SpaceX so he likes to bet everything
he's one of these bet everything guys
and going all in on Trump is really
betting everything because if he loses I
feel like the Democrats are just going
to pick him apart with lawfare and he's
got to know
that
anyway
um here's what else is going on
uh here's some of the comments from
Morning
Joe so as you know I only watch MSNBC
because it's hilarious well once you
realize they're not a real news network
and they're not trying to be they're
they're just a propaganda Network um
that is
funny because the people just seem so
ridiculous so Morning Joe said quote um
the host he was talking about Brett Bear
the host constant rude
interruptions were designed to distract
from the issues and facts that Trump and
his acolytes try and twist and distort
every day well Brett Bear is like the
most professional polite person he just
sort of wanted her to answer his
questions and not talk about unrelated
things so that was
funny
um Rob Riner says quote if you saw Comm
Harris on Fox News you saw the 47
president of the United
States as you know Rob Riner is the poor
man's Mark
Cuban um and then there's Alyssa Farah
Griffin um she said that she's a
Democrat
supporter uh she said there will be
loyal Fox News viewing women who will
walk away from Harrison viw thinking I
don't agree with her much but she's not
dumb like Trump told me and she's tough
despite what he said
she says it matters around the edges in
a tight race okay um Alysa Farah
Griffin um I haven't done a poll but I'm
willing to bet there are zero Trump
supporting women who changed their mind
because of that I think the number is
zero maybe actually
zero okay um and then uh somebody named
Matt Walton also X said today on Fox
Harris gets grilled and had adversarial
hostile interview uh none like one Trump
has ever
experienced wait what Trump has never
had an adversarial hostile
interview Trump he's never had an aders
adversarial hostile interview he he had
the Bloomberg interview literally that
same day
Bloomberg was a hostile interview same
day the same day he says he doesn't do
it he's like it was one of the biggest
news events is that he had a hostile
interview that same day and
uh and then then uh Matt says Trump has
a town hall of pre-screened trump
supporting women with nothing but praise
for him okay I'll give you the town
halls are doesn't matter who's
doing and they said that Harris won over
more voters than Trump today VI
did
she didn't she I don't
know all
right um Brad Wilcox on X he was talk
about a ugv
survey um they did a survey asking
people if they thought that there were
too many people in the United States as
in is the birth rate too high or is the
birth rate too low and according to
women liberals and younger adults they
were far more likely to say the birth
rate is too high and rather than too low
now the correct answer is that our
current birth rate would destroy the
entire United States because we're below
replacement level and we wouldn't be
able to pay off older people's
retirements we would basically be done
as a country so the people who are so
dumb that they think the problem is the
opposite of the problem our problem is
too few people by far that's our problem
it's an existential problem it's one of
the biggest by far one of the biggest
problems for the future but yet women
liberals and younger adults think it's
the
opposite women liberals and younger
adults what do they all have in
common women liberals and younger
adults calculating calculating asking AI
oh yeah they're usually
Democrats imagine being a
Democrat and believing that there are
too many humans being born in the United
States you're an
idiot there's no nice way to put this
you're
stupid but the thing is that so is
Harris and it makes me worry that there
are so many stupid people who are are
women liberals and younger adults and by
the way I'm not saying all women or all
younger people or even uh Liberals are
idiots clearly not the case but there is
a dominant number of women liberals and
younger adults voting Democrat I don't
think it's a coincidence do you think
it's a coincidence that the dumbest
people are on the same
side no it's not a coincidence the
dumbest people are always on the same
side you know I I've told you the story
about um for a brief period I joined
Mena back in the 80s early 80s and I
thought oh wouldn't it be interesting to
have like debates with people who
literally are in the top 2% of IQ and so
I'd host some events at my place and I
would bring up topics to have debates
and we couldn't get into any debates do
you know why we couldn't get into any
debates nobody disagreed on
anything true story I had so many people
in a room that the entire floor was
filled with people sitting on the floor
so so the room was just you know a fire
hazard of density of people literally
who had passed an IQ test to be
considered Geniuses and when I tried to
get them into a debate on anything they
wouldn't do it because they all agre
agreed on
everything didn't matter the
topic
now I don't think it was an accident do
you think you do you think you could
randomly put together a room full of
people who would agree on
everything it happened it was it was the
most shocking thing I've ever
experienced I was like really every time
I say something you understand it and
you know when you you have an argument
with dumb people you know how they
misinterpret you
so you'll say something like I'm in
favor of um funding the
police and then the dumb the dumb person
has no argument for that so they'll say
well apparently you're in favor of
shooting black people and you'll say
what no no I'm I'm in favor of funding
the police nothing like that and then
they'll say oh but funding the police is
really I mean really you're in favor of
shooting black people I mean just say it
just say it just admit it you're you're
a racist you're in favor of shooting
black people just say it now that's an
argument between a smart person and a
dumb
person if you have the same discussion
with all smart people people will say
yeah that's that's probably a good idea
we should look at the the rate of
funding make sure we have a good
police and that's the end of the
discussion people don't just
automatically take you on a context and
pretend you're having a different
discussion so they have something to
talk about
and they don't say it's about fairness
because fairness I always say is
invented so idiots could have debates
there's no such thing as fairness
there's just what people can get away
with and that's it and all all smart
people know that so they don't debate
it anyway do you know comedian Andrew
Schulz and he has this podcast that uh
Trump was on and it went really well um
uh Trump did so well on the podcast with
Andrew schuls and his other his other
hosts that um made a lot of news and
people were pretty entertained by it Etc
and apparently that was not good for
Andrew schulz's business model because
he's a standup comedian and he three
hours after that one of his shows got
cancelled and there's some indication he
he used the plural so he said they're
canceling my shows
plural so he's getting cancelled
for having Trump on the show and being
favorable to him now you know what's
ironic about this ironic maybe not
ironic wrong
word when I got
cancelled Andrew
Schulz mocked me on his podcast for
getting
cancelled he believed that I got
cancelled because of what I
said Andrew Schultz just had a big dose
of reality shoved up his stupid
 ass he's an
 and he just learned that I
didn't get canceled for what I said I
got cancelled for being a trump
supporter who happened to also talk in
public he just got cancelled for being a
trump supporter he didn't get canceled
for what he
said did he nobody's suggesting that
what he said is why it's getting
cancelled he canceled for being Trump
supporter and Andrew Schultz you
 now you know how what's going on
Welcome to the Real World
Andrew you
 so I hope you see this it's
personal it's
personal all
right and of course uh Insurrection
Barbie who's a popular account an x uh
wants to talk about the idea that KL
Harris say that Trump's going to go
after his enemies if he's in if he's in
office and he'll use the government to
go after his enemies and she uh gives
these counter examples from the
Democrats they put Bannon in prison they
put Navaro in prison they're trying to
bankrupt Gateway pund it they indicted
the CFO of EP Epoch times they're
investigating Elon Musk they're trying
to put Donald Trump in prison they're
trying to disbar Jeff Clark they disbar
je John Eastman and de bankton they
arrested the Doctor Who blew the whistle
that a Texas hospital was illegally
performing gender reassignment surgeries
on minors they indicted and disbar Rudy
Giuliani they spied on Catholic churches
they put concerned parents who went to
school board meetings on the FBI watch
list they imprisoned 1500 protesters
most firsttime non-violent
offenders but Donald Trump is going to
weaponize the
government nicely
done Insurrection Barbie
and I ask you
again I'll just pick a random person on
X do you think that Insurrection Barbie
I don't even know who it is do you think
Insurrection Barbie could have done a
better interview for president of the
United States than comell Harris well I
just read one post from Insurrection
Barbie and every one of you know the
answer to the question yeah clearly
there's more understanding and honesty
and intelligence in this one post than
anything KLA Harris has ever done in her
whole life and you all see it you all
see
it well rasmason uh continues to
entertain me by asking once again about
the post office allegedly allegedly
transporting millions of counterfeit
ballots in in the last
election and as rasmon reports says
still zero Legacy media coverage of
these federal court cases implicating a
federal agency in transporting millions
of counterfeit 2020 election ballots
than hiding the paperwork for years
despite the Department of Justice
ordering them to turn it
over now I could see why the Legacy
Media wouldn't cover a story that maybe
doesn't have enough
evidence but there are people who signed
affidavits multiple people who just you
know we could find out if what we saw is
real or not just by showing us some
paperwork and then the court rules that
they must show the paperwork and then
the post
office just
doesn't they just don't and that's the
end of
it so that's what's going on uh James
O'Keefe gives another uh big hit for his
OMG Network undercover interview with a
senior meta engineer who said very
clearly and out
loud that uh that anti-la Harris posts
are automatically demoted on The Meta
meaning Facebook and Instagram I assume
um platforms so now we know that
meta according to the engineer who works
there is biasing what people
see to change the effects of the
election
obviously at the same time all right so
we've got we've got uh trucks full of
counterfeit ballots allegedly that the
government won't or at least the post
office won't let us see we've got
Facebook which is now confirmed by an
Insider who is involved in it that they
game the system yeah and of course
Facebook would be one of the most
important elements of our electoral
educational system you know things that
tell us what's happening
uh we also found out that uh uh Arizona
voters um a lot of them hundreds of them
voted with mentioning their residents to
be abortion clinics strip clubs and high
schools and the Cardinals Training
Center so breb breit bar news is
reporting that uh the voter roles in um
Arizona are not accurate if you follow
social media like I do you know that
every single day there's another state
that's being accused of having voter
roles that are looked to be
intentionally fake they look to be so
that's that would be an allegation not a
fact and then you've got the uh RNC is
suing Detroit for deleting Dropbox
surveillance so there was a question
about a Dropbox but there was
surveillance there so the Republicans
had asked some time ago can we see the
surveillance and then we'll see if
there's any trouble at that Dropbox as
was reported there might be and uh they
did it with two weeks to go before the
the video would automatically delete
because you know a security video
usually has a set time and then it tapes
over itself so you don't run out of a
room uh so they just held on to that for
two weeks and it autod
deleted so we never saw it all they did
was drag their
feet just like the story of the
uh of the post office trucks and where
did they deliver the ballots they just
drag their feet if you drag it long
enough things change elections happen
people forget things get automatically
deleted so oh isn't that terrific that
looks guilty as
hell so so far the things we know about
the upcoming election is that the voter
roles are allegedly massively fake which
would suggest massive illegal voting by
people claiming to be the people on the
voter roles but we know that they're dad
or an estate we know that Google is
biased that's been reported before and
hiding search results that are
unfriendly to their team we know that
meta is biased because of omg's recent
uh excellent work we know that the
trucks with ballots um these would be
allegedly excess ballots blanks that are
printed and then shipped to bad guys to
fill out now there's allegations of that
there's firsthand reports of it there
are eyewitnesses people who were under
oath uh we know that the overseas ballot
situation no ID is required and that
reportedly way more ballots have been
sent overseas than there are actually
people overseas so that would be an
obvious case where we assume major fraud
is coming we know that our voting
machines in many states had the same
password and it was available to anybody
who knew how to look at it and it's the
same password years and we know that
hackers seem to be able to hack every
one of our voting machines and if they
did it right nobody would ever know what
happened and we know um that our media
Liars are covering up everything by
telling the public and uh this would be
the stupid public not the smart public
but the stupid public they're saying
that the courts haven't found any
problems with the past elections
therefore there are none that is stupid
that's something that a KLA Harris might
say because she's stupid and that's
stupid smart people would say uh the
courts are the wrong
tools um it's like saying I can't eat an
anvil it's true it's just not the right
topic it is true the courts didn't find
anything it's also true they're not the
tool that you would use to find anything
and they prefer to work as hard as they
can the courts they will work as hard as
they can to not be involved in an
election because the courts don't want
to determine the election and I
appreciate that impulse actually but it
does make them not the right tool and if
they're not the right tool what is well
we have an election system that can't be
fully audited and there's no tool to
find out if anything went wrong under
those
situations when you've got something
that is a Sky High importance people
think they will be rounded up and killed
if the wrong if the wrong president gets
an office people actually think that
they'll be rounded up and killed other
people think the country will turn into
a socialist Cesspool and we're all dead
the other way now under those conditions
when you have an election where you
can't audit it there seem to be a dozen
different ways you could cheat it
without getting caught there is no
mechanism because the courts don't do
this they're the wrong tool no mechanism
to catch it under those conditions how
often can you accurately predict that
the system will be gamed and rigged the
answer is 100% % of the time 100% every
time in any situation election or not
that has the qualities that somebody
could gain a lot and there's no way to
catch them if you could gain a lot and
there's no way to catch you you're G to
cheat somebody will right you are the
the third thing you need is lots of
people involved because if you put me in
that situation I would likely say well
I'm not going to cheat I don't need to I
I just don't need to but if you put
somebody else in that situation and they
thought their life was on the line yeah
of course they'll cheat of course they
would so you only need to have a lot of
people involved and then you can
guarantee that cheating
happens if you were to design a system
to instead of try to give a good result
you're going to design it for the
purpose of making sure somebody cheated
you would do it the way it is
is designed to guarantee
cheating right it's designed
intentionally and left that way for
decades with minor changes that don't
really change the big picture it's
designed for
cheating if you don't understand that
you probably watch Regular news it's
designed for cheating it's not designed
to prevent it it's definitely not is
definitely not designed to catch it
after the fact there is no there's no
tool to catch it all they have to do is
say that the Democrats won and then drag
their feet well yeah there's a oh we ran
out of time but uh maybe if you check
the video oh the video it got deleted ah
God I wish we'd collected that before 30
days had passed dumb oh look at me I'm
dumb oh sorry sorry
accident so that's where we're at
how bad is it well also according to BR
Bart there are more Americans that are
leaning Republican than Democrat by a
seveno
margin now that would be a complete
reversal with recent history Democrats
have always outnumbered Republicans and
here if you include The Independents
you're taking the leaners because most
Independents are heavy leaners one or
another so if you look at the heavy
leaners there are at the moment subst
potentially by seven points that's a
lot more
Republicans what does that tell you
about the
election one thing if it's true that
there are seven points more
Republicans Trump has a landslide coming
he would win the popular vote by
millions and uh unless something illegal
happened in the swing States he'd
probably take six and to seven maybe all
of them
so that's what that's almost guaranteed
simply by the fact that there are so
many more registered Republicans and
that that's a brand new situation you
don't even need to look at the polls you
don't need to look at the betting the
only thing you have to look at is the
number of Voters now that's not always
the case if if the Republicans were
fewer than the Democrats then then some
things can happen where you get the the
national vote goes Democrat like Hillary
but the the swing States go Trump
because you know you just played them
better but if you have more by seven
points more Republican
voters that guarantees a fair election
as a landslide it it just wouldn't go
any other
way so now we have a guarantee that if
it's fair Trump wins in a
landslide what if he
doesn't I don't know I worry that what's
really happening here is that a setup to
put the last complainers in jail because
people are going to flip out if the
numbers stay the way they look and then
suddenly there's some surprise Comm
Harris Victory people are going to flip
out um I don't think the Democrats have
the balls to do what they're going to
need to do to take
power because if they try to do this and
they don't get away with it they're
going to jail
all right the only way that they can
beat this is with crime and Trump has
been very clear you're going to jail now
they can complain all day long about
he's trying to use the military after
his enemies but there's one sentence
that you may have heard
before I think I heard this from a
Democrat see if you've ever heard this
before nobody's above the law
that's going to come back and bite him
in the ass well meanwhile uh a uh
company called anduril lucky Palmer
company uh anduril makes military
defense stuff so they're like a startup
that's inventing new military you know
devices and assets and stuff and one of
them is a kamakazi
drone now you know kamakazi drones exist
of course but um this one is got a
pretty good payload and it can hover and
it's got Ai and it can I I think it can
beat um
jamming so it's sort of a super weapon
and I I wouldn't be surprised if andil
becomes maybe one of the biggest defense
companies in the country in three to
five years because we're going to go AP
 on drones and if Lucky Palmer has
found a way to make the drones you in a
place that's not one of our enemies I
don't know where he's making him maybe
Mexico I don't even know if there are
enough Americans who can make stuff
anymore but uh I'd love to know the
answer to lucky if get back to me lucky
um I've met lucky once so I could use
his first name I think lucky can you
give me um send me a message on DM and
let me know where you manufacture I'd
love to know if that's in America
all right uh Harris was asked about
reparations on that interview oh no uh
she was asked about on Charlemagne the
God and uh she said there's no question
about that and I've been very clear she
always says I've been very clear when
she hasn't been very
clear uh but uh I don't care what her
opinion is let me give you mine uh
reparations are theft and that's the way
I would think of it so I would treat it
as theft and it's because black people
do not have magical and special problems
is is there a legacy of slavery that has
rippled through time and given a
systemic disadvantage to Black Americans
yes yes looks like it to me to me it
looks common sensical obviously true do
black Americans have a number of
structural disadvantages yes yes they do
now how do you connect that to me having
to pay for
it where what why am I pay for it cuz I
don't know if you know this but I got
some
problems I got problems uh what's wrong
with my problems can I have like special
ones where people have to pay me no I I
hear the argument that people who were
not me did things to people who were not
you and that caused the Ripple through
time that's affecting you I don't
care I don't care I shouldn't care nor
should you be especially concerned about
my problems that you don't even know
what they are how about we help
everybody who has a problem with what
their specific problem is how about if
you're black and you don't have some job
skills that you need maybe we help you
get some job skills but how about if
you're white we do the same thing how
about if we stop talking about this
dumbass stupid Legacy of 200 years ago
like that should drive us today I don't
care I'm not interested your your
slavery Legacy is real your argument is
true it's not relevant to me and I don't
want it to have anything to do with my
life because you're not exactly jumping
in to solve my magic and special
problems either so I'm pretty sure that
I would rather be a well-educated tall
black young man than whatever the hell I
am right now so how about you pay me
some reparations if you got born lucky
and I
didn't right
so reparations is theft it's not about
what's right or wrong and if you try to
steal my money I'm going to make it as
hard as possible for you to do
that uh
surprisingly fermented black garlic
extract could fight prostate cancer
according to no Ridge that's weird so
it's actually been studied and that uh
you can slow down the inflammation so
this brings me back to this whole infl
inflammation thing is cancer mostly
inflammation obviously it's not equal to
but do people get cancer if they don't
have inflammation or does the
inflammation happen first and then it
creates a a field in which any kind of
cancer is more likely I feel like I feel
like our food supply
or
something is just causing us to have
influ infation all the time everywhere
and that just invites every other kind
of
problem so I feel like I feel like
there's a root cause that needs to be
addressed I don't know if it relates
specifically to this um topic but uh the
inflamm the physical inflammation
problem is it's a big one I don't know
if we've wrapped our heads around how
big that problem is I think RFK Juniors
going to be good on that did you know
that the alcohol drinking rate in the US
is the highest since the
70s how's that possible I tell you this
is one of those situations where the
data and my anecdotal observations are
completely opposite my observations is
that drinking is way down like way down
if you ask me I I was wondering how
alcohol companies were surviving uh I
would have said it's down
20% but it's up and I guess it's been
going up every year since the 70s now I
don't know if they're just measuring
total dollars oh maybe that's it maybe
they're just measuring total dollars
because if you add inflation and then
you add more people in the
population yeah may maybe that covers up
the fact that there're more people
quitting but uh I've got a question
whether that's
real and that ladies and gentlemen are
my main points today I remind you that
that little calendar you see over my
shoulder there the dilber 2025 calendar
it's back so you can buy it pre-sale
right now and it would help me so just
for my personal situation it would help
me if you pre-order it then we know how
many to make and then we don't run short
by Christmas so the sooner you get in
the more likely you get yours by
Christmas and uh they're going to start
printing pretty soon I think so you
should see them rolling out in the next
few
weeks and uh it's the most important
thing you can do to support my
podcasting
and the reprint of my book you can
barely see it but it's beyond Dilbert's
little body there is uh wh bigley
teaches you the persuasion trips tricks
that Trump used in 2016 with a little
bit of update um through the summer and
you could learn how to be a Persuader
yourself and I'm going to go talk to by
the way that book gets great reviews if
you haven't heard about it it it's one
that will change your
life the the non the non-fiction books I
write are designed to change your life
substantially so those who have read had
to failed almost everything and still
went big you learned about systems over
goals you learned about Talent Stacks
you learned that following your passion
might be a bad idea and a number of good
ideas on taking micro steps toward your
goals and that book influenced an entire
generation of self-help books so it's
the OG so that one changed a lot lives
and I hear about it every day people who
lost 80 pounds stopped drinking got a
promotion uh you know made made millions
of dollars just using the concepts in
the book and uh when bigley had a
similar response and that people learned
persuasion and then used it in their
life and their personal life and changed
their lives and then reframe your brain
my most recent book um is about how to
change how you're thinking about things
and people report amazing results so I I
will say this as a fact not just
marketing all right now I do marketing
where I try to tell you the the best you
know the best explanation of something
but this is a fact if you were to say
I'm just going to try this thing I'm
going to read three of Adams's books had
a failed almost everything and still win
big that when also as a second addition
win bigly and reframe your brain your
your life would be improved in ways that
you can't even
believe and and I mean that as a helpful
fact not just bu my book I have enough
money I'm fine I don't need your extra
money the reason that I went from
cartooning to books that I thought would
help change people's lives is because
that's what I want to do what I want to
do is change your life and make it
better that's that's the SA action on
pursuing so this is marketing I guess
it's marketing I guess now if I tell you
if I told you the dilber calendar would
change your
life no that's not going to change your
life that's just fun if you wasn't fun
get the calendar by the way it's
two-sided this time so you get the
naughty one on the back and the naughty
don't worry it's not too naughty it's PG
PG-13 um but I'm telling you that those
three books
I guarantee you would change your life
in ways that you'd be so mad you didn't
do it earlier so that's all I've got I'm
going to talk to the uh locals people
alone because you're special and not
special that way and uh the rest of you
thanks for joining I'll see you tomorrow
same time same
place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e