bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
[Music]
hello Joanne Gino Olga come on in here
you're the lucky ones you get here early
and you get a little extra oh yeah hey
Mike hey Matt Kevin good to see you all
because you know what time it is we've
got a thousand viewers coming up now so
it's time for the simultaneous sip
please join me here it comes
Oh gets better every time Aloha and so
did any of you see the the tweet from
the president that I retweeted in which
he was referring to the clip of Paris
Bedard
on CNN talking to Phil Mudd it was one
of my favorite tweets lately I'm gonna
have to read it to you so I hope you all
saw the clip everybody saw that right it
was a clip of CNN's pundit Phil Mudd
going oh well let me let me try not to
get into his mind I'll say appearing to
go crazy so I'm not a medical expert so
I'm not gonna say that I know what's
happening in Phil muds mind but yeah
here here was the president's
characterization just watched former
intelligence official Philip Mudd become
totally unglued and weird unglued and
weird while debating wonderful Paris
Dennard over Brendon security clearance
Dennard destroyed him
but mud is an omental condition to have
such a clearance should be revoked and
revoked as in capitals and then he says
at Sean Hannity so here's the funny part
so we're how long has it been that
people have been criticizing president
Trump's mental state by how many times
have we seen the president in public and
how many times have we seen him at all
hours
we've seen them morning you know night
we've seen when he tweets in the middle
of the night we've seen we've seen him
do all kinds of things in all kinds of
contexts but what his critics would have
you believe is that he's only crazy when
you're not looking that's what they have
now the most the most on camera
transparent president of all time I mean
not it's not even close right the most
transparent president he's tweeting at
all hours he's he's doing rallies and
then of all that public exposure the
only times that he is crazy is when
you're not watching but then you've got
Philip Mudd who again I'm gonna say
acted crazy because I don't know what's
in his head I can't give him medical
diagnosis but he acted crazy
right in front of us if you haven't seen
the clips there's some clips with Bill
Maher now Bill Maher typically would be
I would say one of the more legitimate
voices and any conversation meaning that
he's not you know he's not nailed down
to one side or the other he's gonna look
at the facts more often than not but
when it comes to matters of Trump and
you hear him talking again I'm not
qualified to
to diagnose anybody but it looks crazy
it looks like drum derangement syndrome
just to the you know the casual observer
when he talks about Trump he doesn't
look normal now he talks about it as
treason and the end of the world and
he's going so far as to say that maybe
it'd be good to have a an economic crash
just to get rid of Trump those don't
sound like stable thoughts again I'm not
a medical professional I would not
assume to know anybody's medical fitness
by just looking at him on TV but what's
interesting here is that the the best
argument against the president is that
wait for it here's the best argument
against the president at the moment that
he's crazy
when nobody's looking even though we're
always looking but those few times were
not totally crazy now keep in mind that
I've spoken to the president you know in
a in a private semi-private conversation
with you know other people in the room
but I've seen him off-camera and I
didn't see any crazy there and not a
trace all right and usually you feel
like you could detect it right you you
know people couldn't hide Crazy's pretty
hard to hide but then you look at his
critics and we are to believe that
although they act crazy in public that
when they get off the air totally sane
totally sane when nobody's looking so
that's what we have those are our two
movies the Trump is completely capable
and in charge and saying whenever we're
looking no matter the time of day the
context doesn't matter if things are
going well or bad you know sometimes
he's more aggressive than others but
none of it looks crazy
in public and we haven't heard any of
his allies say
he's grazie privately tell you think
you'd find someone who who was willing
to say you know something's going down
there you end up with only people like
Omarosa who has you know no credibility
do I know Penn Jillette I've met we we
have hung out a little bit one day and I
have seen his opinions which he's
keeping to himself it sounds like but
and but were to believe that the
president's critics act crazy when we're
watching but they're totally sane when
they get off camera that's their best
argument right now and here's your
homework assignment when you're watching
the criticisms of the president and I
think this week will be the ones they
hear the most look for words that are
mind-reading words where the person
talking about him is assuming his mental
state let's see here's here's an article
I won't tell you who wrote this to the
Trump was surprised and bothered so this
is someone who was not in the room when
this supposedly happened it's a third
party writing about somebody else who is
unnamed who is interpreting the
president's inner thoughts and saying
that he is surprised and bothered
watch how often you see words that
describe the president's inner inner
feelings his inner thoughts without any
kind of quote or exterior description of
events yeah so they're they're saying
the president was furious he was caught
off guard he was shocked
the president was disturbed he was any
when you see all of those words they're
usually coming from someone who's
writing after talking to a secret
source but why is it yeah this those
worst lashes out bashes feuds worries
about he's concerned he's panicked about
they're all mind-reading words
Muller asked done began Trump's state of
mind we don't know that do we talk about
Argento no I that's just awful so I'm
not even going to talk about that you
know I I'm not I'm not the one who wants
to talk about all of the horrible sex
scandals but I'll let that I'll let the
media handle a stuff that's not my beat
yeah and then there was a news that the
Trump administration and I supported an
actual Nazi someone who I don't know how
old he was but he worked at a Nazi
concentration camp
[Music]
yeah he's 95 yeah it's gonna be harder
in order to keep holding up those those
old thoughts so it seems to me that the
anti-trump errs are a little bit lost
right now
their best argument is that by
themselves the critics acting crazy in
public talking about the president who
only acts crazy when nobody nobody is
watching that's not a strong attack do
you want to talk about a song I don't
know a whole lot about that situation
other than rand paul has suggested that
Assange get a pardon I believe for it in
order to testify yeah and I would be in
favor of that Manafort there's no
there's no word Yeah right
there's no verdict but the Manafort
deliberations continue on let's see if
there's any update on that artist called
unhinged for playing rally unhinged
so unhinges is another one of those
words that they they like to call each
other
Kevin Hart yeah don't know anything
about him sure we do bocce ball
predictions on Bennifer truth well we
don't have to I I think I think what
we're seeing is all that deliberation
tells you that probably we're heading
toward a hung hung jury on at least some
of those counts so
no I am uninformed what am i uninformed
about I'm not denying that I'm
uninformed but I don't know which
category you're talking about I doubt
you're gonna get not guilty but you
might get you Tim Cook to buy Tesla I
haven't heard anything about that
mmm-hmm is Omarosa is time over it looks
like it it looks like it yeah I think
I'll Moreau says time and the Sun has
disappeared so in this week the if you
look at just look at some of the things
that had happened there was great
pushback about the president's military
parade plans but then the president got
a price and the price was too high so he
cancelled it like a completely normal
person they just sort of took away all
the fun then there was a morosa who the
best attack they had on the president
that week was somebody who has
absolutely no credibility no credibility
of whatsoever
so that didn't work out then you had
Paris Dennard yeah an african-american
supporter of the president goes on
television and just annihilates the
president's most vocal and and it
matters in this case white guy who was
the biggest critic and nobody had to you
know point out the Paris is
african-american and Phil Mudd is not
it's just part of the story and I think
anybody who saw it would have the same
conclusion that Paris absolutely
obliterated him on air so that was a bad
day so bad that you can watch the host
had the TV I forget whose name is the
CNN host was the look on his face when
Phil Mudd was acting as the president
would say weird was precious it was just
great
then you've got yeah avenatti running
for president which makes everything
look ridiculous so that just makes the
whole stormy Daniels thing looked like
it was trivial just as Jim sciutto
sciutto I don't know how to pronounce it
oh then you had yeah
clapper calling out Brennan for his
rhetoric this was an absolute slaughter
wasn't it
you've got the economy screaming along
this week was an absolute route so the
president is just killing it
Erick's well well running for president
I heard he was thinking about it is that
official he'd be crazy not to if you
were Eric's Wawa wouldn't you run for
president now I I know Eric's wha well I
don't know him like we hang out but he's
he's the Congress person for my area met
him a few times we have some mutual
friends so that would be interesting
just to see local guy running Oh Jim
Carrey let's talk about Jim Carrey's
Trump derangement syndrome or at work if
you were to separate and I hope you've
all seen it Jim Carrey's doing art and
doing a lot of anti-trump looking
cartoonish art and I have two thoughts
about it the the political opinion part
of it looks like Trump derangement
syndrome to most of you but the actual
art of it you know the the art skill I'm
gonna say I I freaking love it
I know you hate to hear that
but the actual just the quality of his
artistic talent it's really really good
you know even the stuff that where the
message I completely hate I find myself
very drawn to the the talent I'm
completely blown away for an artist
who's also you know for a comedian who's
also an artist it's pretty darn good
it's it's his own style it doesn't look
like anything else it jumps off the page
the you know the colors are great it's
really strong all right Carrie did too
much acid somebody said well maybe but
or maybe he did just enough because it's
making his art pretty good
oK we've got at least a few people who
grew with me on the art it's very
important to see if we can separate the
artist from the opinion I like it when
people do with me and I'll try to do it
with other people he said he had an
awakening si was like drugs maybe good
ones
not bad ones you ever gonna do some acid
Scott's I would
I'll give you an honest opinion to that
I'm very curious about acid and I know
lots and lots of people who've done acid
and some of them of them are the
smartest people I know you know that the
people who are literally geniuses and
have you know started companies and
stuff like that so I've done mushrooms
once and I felt like I only needed to do
once because it changes you forever in
terms of how you see the world I don't
know that I would get anything out of
acid so because I don't know that it
would benefit me I have a barrier you
know if there's if there's any risk
involved whatsoever and everything has
risk I'm not sure there's an upside for
me personally
yes oh there's the new thing is micro
dosing where you take a tiny bit of acid
and you can still sort of function but
you see the world differently that's
sort of beggin in my part of the world
you're too old to do acid somebody says
I don't think it works that way well let
me put it this way when I'm 75 or 80 not
75 let's say let's say 85 when I'm 85
I'm probably gonna drop some acid
probably what do you got to lose you're
85 if you like it you like it and if you
don't like it well you're 85 you're
gonna die anyway
don't micro dose yeah how many of you
have done acid give me a check in with
me
and by the way if there's anybody young
listening to this I do not recommend it
I have seen somebody just recently had
have a very bad week at least in part
because of acid yeah
people people raising their hands so
we've got a number of people
coming down was the worst somebody said
her no probably so alright
forty times somebody said check done it
me three times yes
nope just reading your comments many
many rush mushrooms check check oh my
god is it my imagination or do I have an
unusual number of acid doing followers
something strange is happening right now
it feels like I am on acid is it holy
cow a lot of you have done acid is that
it is it a coincidence that your Trump
supporters and you've done acid because
you know I don't mean that as a joke I
mean that literally
wow I'm gonna throw in a hypothesis here
here's my hypothesis I'm going to
hypothesize without any data to back it
based on just what I'm seeing here it
might be there having done a
hallucinogen whether mushrooms or acid
might make you more able to see what's
going on with Trump I wonder if there's
a correlation probably not because the
anti-fog people have probably all done
acid yeah I take back my hypothesis but
I'm actually shocked at the number of
people who are saying you've done acid
it's it's way bigger than I thought it
would be for Trump supporters maybe it's
not a coincidence
alright enough about that is there
anything else at all happening is this
the slowest news cycle we've ever had in
the trump presidency you know there's a
compliment I love somebody just said my
voice is the best it's like ASMR keep in
mind that I wasn't able to speak for
three and a half years so telling me
that my voice is pleasant is sort of my
best compliment do you remember I just
did a periscope saying that this product
it's a jakhary spare battery was
terrible
because in the dark where you're using
it you can't tell which side and you
don't notice is this the side it plugs
in or is it this side and somebody
suggested hey just put a little strip of
velcro which I did and now it's fixed
tada
so this velcro watch this I'll close my
eyes and now this product which was
completely unusable in the dark because
it felt the same on all sides suddenly I
know exactly where the velcro is I know
that the court goes down here I know
that the button for the power is here I
know that if I were looking I would see
the light and I know that it's this side
that is the iPhone as opposed to the USB
and all with my eyes closed
thanks to the miracle of velcro problem
solved and by the way a lot of companies
should be putting the velcro and stuff
because if you can't feel it you're not
going to be able to use it in the dark
you got to be able to feel it all right
why couldn't you speak I had a condition
called spasmodic dysphonia an incurable
voice problem which I found the one
person in the world who had developed a
surgery that's the fast for
the story and after years of practice my
voice is normal probably took ten years
to get my voice to where it is yeah I
talked about Philmont already
so the Manhattan Madame he has being
questioned by Muller wouldn't you love
to be in that meeting I'd love to be in
the in the conversation between Bullers
team and the the DC madam what brand if
you're talking about the battery it's a
jakhary J a cker why did you experience
depression when you lost your voice yes
which is very common yeah it's like
being a ghost in the room it's not a
good existence how much time do you
spend in the dark well if you include
low light fairly often you know hours
hours everyday neurological or
psychological the answer is neurological
North and South Korea family is reunited
I saw a headline on that so that's
really happening right North and South
are reuniting do I like hit Bill Maher
you mean as an entertainer his show is
very successful and I've I've watched it
for years it's hard to watch lately just
because the well I'm gonna be honest
with you let me put it in these terms
and I know this will be a little
provocative but that's that's what makes
it fun I've talked to you about the
uncanny valley
where if somebody is almost like a human
but not quite like an Android it's kind
of creepy you know it'd be easier to
look at a robot that's made of metal
that's not trying to look like a human
that could look cute it's a little metal
robot but if you saw something that was
trying to be almost like human but was a
little bit off it would just be freaky
like a zombie and I think the humans
also have the ability to detect illness
both physical and mental so this is just
a hypothesis but it's based on actual
science so they've been studies the show
that humans can actually detect
somebody's health problems by looking at
them not every time but they're pretty
good at it and when I watch Bill Maher
show now and obviously Trump is always a
big topic on it it registers to me like
illness does anybody have that
experience so I think Bill Maher is you
know very talented very successful I've
watched all of his shows forever and you
know taped every one or not taped yeah
taped when I taped but you know DVR'd
his show one of the very few shows that
I DVR but after the age of Trump it was
hard to watch it because it doesn't
register as you know how his show
registered with me in the past now what
I don't know is if it's just
confirmation bias and I'm just you know
I feel like yeah it could be just that
so it could be just that I don't agree
with what he's saying but the way it
feels to me on some irrational level is
that there registers as a lack of health
in this case mental health now again
that is completely different from me
saying he has a mental health problem
because I have no qualifications in that
field I would you know I would
definitely I hope I hope doc dr. drew is
not watching me say this because if he
is
cringing and saying no you don't have
those qualifications you should not
diagnose anybody even a doctor should
not diagnose anybody's mental illness
without speaking to them in person so
I'm not doing that I'm not saying
there's that he is having a mental
health issue I'm saying that I'm just
talking about myself the way the way I
register it is like a health problem and
it's so it's harder to watch now but
that could be my confirmation bias
there's no way I could ever be able to
sort out the two of those yeah and when
they talk about things like treason mmm
and traitor those words that I saw of
Bill Maher use oh here's another word
that I keep hearing corrupt are you
hearing this word popping up it feels
like they're a be testing a new word you
know the anti-trump errs so I'm hearing
his corrupt regime corrupt corrupt but
when they say that I never hear the I
never hear the specifics of what is the
corrupt part you know I know the
allegations against you know Manafort
but he's not really in the
administration in you know some cabinet
members and that's sort of about the
cabinet members and you know they've
disappeared the ones that are
problematic but what are people talking
about exactly when they talk about the
this administration being corrupt what
are the examples because he goes golfing
a lot and it costs money I don't know
exactly even what they're referring to
so is it just this general new insult
they're trying out because fascism
didn't work by the way wouldn't fascism
be a little bit more obvious if it were
happening oh and let me add to the story
I was talking earlier how it's such a
torrid terrible week for the entire
humpers then he also had that story
about the
the illegal immigrant undocumented
immigrant who was grabbed when his wife
was on the hospital on the way to the
hospital to have a baby and that was the
original story and then as soon came out
that he was actually wanted for murder
in Mexico and the ice was grabbing him
on the request of Mexico for a valid
Interpol you know job so basically it
wasn't even in an American operation we
were doing it on behalf of our good
friends of Mexico the healthiest thing
you could ever see happen is US Court
coordinating with Mexico to pick up
criminals it's literally the healthiest
thing you could have two neighbors doing
coordinating to pick up criminals on the
other's territory that's as good as
against and then it turns out that you
know the wife was on the on the way to
the hospital to have a baby but it was a
planned c-section so it wasn't like you
know she was in labor or something so
that story was so obviously fraudulent
when it was first reported to make ice
look bad and then when it was you know
clarified it actually made ice look good
the healthiest thing you could do
working with the Mexican authorities and
so what a horrible horrible week for the
anti jumpers that was there all of their
best fodder turned to dust you know they
they blame the president of being
unhinged and then Philip Mudd goes on
and Brendan goes on and even their own
people are like alright pull back pull
back and Preet Bharara even wouldn't
even let Bill Maher say traitor and
treason he was uncomfortable with those
words so you're seeing a lot a lot of
failure on the anti-trump side of the
world
all right I think I've said enough
there's not enough interesting going on
and so I'm going to sign off for now and
I will talk to you later bye