[Music]
hey everybody come on in yes I am a
little bit late today there was just so
much news I had to catch up on I don't
think I caught up on all of it like get
in here and we'll see if we can get me
canceled this week might as well get it
over with I figure I'm I'm definitely on
that slippery slide toward cancellation
one way or another not that I deserve it
but I don't know that anybody who gets
canceled necessarily deserves it
maybe some do alright but before we get
on to that what do you need that's right
yes you need a cup or a mug or a glass a
tanker gel sir sign the canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I know
I have some here somewhere I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the other day the
thing that makes everything better
pandemics economics racism you name it
it's all better with the simultaneous F
go mm-hmm well there's there are really
some interesting things happening with
the psychology of the country some
really big things we don't know her at
all shake out yet but let me give you
some big thoughts one of the things I
think I had a blind spot for was our
let's see our brain washing process for
children I had kind of made a bad
assumption and because I have a blind
spot for it which is that children today
would be raised largely the same as when
I was a kid just in this one element you
know not in general but in this one
specific area which is how brainwashed
you are as a child to become a patriot
to become an American and to see that as
your primary identity now I don't know
that that's happening the same way it
did when I was a kid and I had argued in
public before that you don't have to
worry about the the Republic being
ripped apart because our brain washing
and I mean it in a positive way in the
sense the brainwashing that we do to our
children is so strong that they're
always going to have a preference for
the country over other preferences so in
other words in the end we'll come
together but it's a sibling squabble but
what I don't know is if the current
brainwashing is as good as when I was a
kid because they would make us stand up
and do the Pledge of Allegiance and we'd
have to answer questions and write
essays and it just felt like we were
being indoctrinated into this American
melting pot the world very effectively
now it is brainwashing and you could
argue that it's immoral it's also the
probably the only way to keep a country
together
you have to kind of brainwash them to be
on the same page have the same general
feelings about stuff otherwise they just
fall apart and there's just too much
division which is what we're we're
noticing today and so I wonder if the
people who came up through the system
who are protesting may have been
brainwashed differently I think that's a
factor it's big question look I teased
on Twitter that there's a giant red pill
coming maybe the biggest of all time and
we're almost ready for it we're almost
there so wait for that a few other
things in no particular order if you're
not following Alexander Cortez AJ AJ
Cortez on Twitter if you're now
following him you're missing
really really good to follow here's one
of his tweets today and what I like
about him is AJ is one of these what are
these people you don't see many of them
but he's just operating in a higher
level of understanding about how
everything works basically the whole the
whole reality in the universe and and
people so his tweets are extra good
here's one today he says lack of fathers
is definitely a problem but on a broader
level it's the lack of adults that is
the meta issue there are many older
people the Boomers but there are very
few wise ones loss of elder wisdom is
real now that sounds really true doesn't
it but I think there might be another
level to this and it goes like this a
hundred years ago if if you had a an
adult or a parent and they were going to
give you any life advice what would it
look like all right so a hundred years
ago here's some adult could be a parent
could be an uncle just anybody who's
been through stuff before here's the
kind of advice they might have given you
a hundred years ago work hard stay out
of jail
basic stuff work hard do what your boss
tells you you know get a haircut take a
bath pretty easy stuff huh that was a
hundred years ago so it wasn't hard to
be a wise village elder a hundred years
ago I just showed you work hard take a
bath eat your vegetables you're pretty
much done now fast forward to 2020
imagine giving wise advice in 2020
what's it even look like then would the
world is so complicated that people
don't know what to do it's actually too
hard to give advice for most people the
average adult is way over their head
they barely know what they're supposed
to do themselves
much less give useful advice to other
people and this in part I think explains
one of the phenomenon I've talked about
before that there are a number of people
who are let's say internet personalities
let's say Twitter personalities to keep
it simple who have become somewhat
accidental stand-ins for parents and I'm
one of them I never set out to do that
but when I wrote my book had a failed
almost everything and still win big I
was consciously trying to capture adult
wisdom as best I could
to to try to make a little bit of advice
if you will or life explanation that
would be useful for people of a certain
age it's really every age but younger
the better sooner you get it the better
and the idea was that we didn't have
these adults giving people advice
anymore largely because people were
incapable so for example when I gave my
advice in my book that you should build
a talent stack and layer together the
things you're good at but you don't have
to be the best in the world until your
stack of talents makes you unique and
valuable how many of your parents ever
gave you that advice zero how about zero
a hundred years ago would you have given
that advice it still would have been
good advice a hundred years ago but it
wasn't really as necessary because a
hundred years ago you were like well
what are you gonna do when you grow up
I guess I'll work on the farm like my
father and my father's father I guess
I'll be a I don't know I'll I'll be some
other what what is it what are old jobs
I've suddenly blanking and I'll be a
furrier I don't know exactly what that
is do they they take fur from animals or
something turn it into products I'll be
a furrier so things were simpler back
then and now I think that if you're
going to find any parental guidance
you're gonna have to find it from people
who are not your parents because your
parents are probably incapable
of giving you advice that's good enough
for the modern age things are
complicated now so look to others in
other places here's a little eye-opener
for you we have three simultaneous
crises of the United States I think
you'd agree we've got the coronavirus
we've got an economic crisis caused by
it and we've got a great racial unrest
this seems to have you know here's some
kind of a spark point because the videos
etc here's a here's a little bit of a
red pill this is not the big one that's
coming and it goes like this all three
of our crises were caused by China China
yeah
China released the corona virus and
didn't warn us sufficiently didn't close
their borders the corona virus killed
our economy so they gave us the disease
they killed our economy those are our
two biggest problems and then what about
this this racial unrest were having and
you're saying Scott Scott Scott China
didn't cause laughs that was here that
was always brewing yes so let me accept
that the the the baseline racial
feelings were all always here but if you
take away the lockdown you take away the
corona virus and you take away the
economic impact and you take away the
fact that didn't it people didn't have
options for what to do with their energy
it was the spark now of course you
needed the specific spark which was the
video of George Floyd being tragically
killed by a cop without that wouldn't
have happened yeah it would have
happened when the Atlanta cop got shot
if the Atlanta cop hadn't got shot in
the back would it happened would you see
the protests yeah cuz there it wouldn't
have been long before there's yet
another video the shows yet another
shocking situation that you think needs
action
but I don't think that short of the
situation that China had caused that we
would have seen this much pain
now if China had not screwed the US by
essentially stealing all our jobs and
bribing our elites to say it was a good
idea which is what's happened if that
hadn't happened what would be the
current situation for black Americans
better because all of those jobs in the
let's say the jobs that people need to
hold to get the next generation the leg
up you know those good solid
middle-class jobs those all went away to
China so China is actually the problem
causing all of our problems and
eventually that understanding will will
sink in now you say to yourself Scott
Scott Scott that's not all of our
problems I'm gonna look at for example
our budget deficit China didn't cause
our budget deficit yes they did yes they
did how big of a military would we need
if China were not threatening much less
it will be a lot less expensive wouldn't
it how much what would the situation be
with our deficit if we hadn't shipped
our jobs to China much better all right
so yeah fentanyl comes from China are
the theft of IP our economic downturn
the coronavirus and because of all those
things a problem that was going to be a
problem on its own anyway was
exacerbated to the point of what you're
seeing now again don't want to take away
from the fact that people have real
concerns and they must be addressed you
know China didn't cause people to have
those concerns it just added the match
right it certainly added to the baseline
of those concerns by making the economic
system worse
so one of the things that were waking up
to is that China is the problem we have
a bunch of problems we think our
individual problems well maybe it's just
one maybe it's just one problem just put
that out there for you to think about
all right it might and let me ask you
this is this the first time we've seen
national protests because we've had
national protests lots of times in the
past but it's the first time we've seen
national protests because people
believed authority figures because it
seems in the past that people were not
trusting Authority and that that was
sort of the reason the spark and stuff
not the spark but a big reason behind
protests I think what's weird about this
is that the authority figures now have
convinced the protesters of a reality
that might not be quite the thing they
think it is we'll talk about that in a
minute so I have a feeling like if if I
were to call these protests anything I
would call them CNS CNN protests because
they are sparked by the news not just
seeing that of course but I use them as
a proxy here's a completely unrelated
bit from Mike Serna bitch's Twitter feed
in the news 54 scientists have resigned
or been fired as a result of an ongoing
investigation by the NIH into the
failure of NIH grantees to disclose
financial ties to foreign governments
gosh 54 scientists were being paid by
foreign governments to do research in
the United States and they didn't
disclose that I wonder what countries
were involved let's see reading further
down in the tweet Mike sort of itch
notes from the article that 93% of those
cases the hidden funding came from a
Chinese institution it's just China
it's just China we have one problem
that's showing up in every possible
problem we have and we think oh here's a
problem here's an unrelated problem
here's an unrelated problem they're not
unrelated it's all China it's all
China alright so I tweeted again that
I've not yet seen I've got a one week
challenge for somebody to describe an
example of systemic racism now I know I
know
the people who were commenting to me
said here's an example asian-americans
are discriminated to get into college in
favor of black Americans so that's
systemic racism well that's not the kind
I was looking for I will grant that that
happens that's a fact
but we're looking for the specific kind
the the flavor of systemic racism
against black Americans in particular we
all accept that there's plenty of
regular racism meaning there is an
individual who holds a set of beliefs so
nobody is questioning that racism is
rampant and I've gone further than that
I've gone further than rampant I would
say that a hundred percent of people are
racist in different ways in different
situations but because our brains are
pattern recognition machines it's now
something you can really turn off it's
not an option
you can overcome it with your higher
reasoning in your sense of moral
rightness and you know your love of the
Constitution your preference for the
Bible whatever I mean you can overcome
it but you can't not have it because
that's just how your brain is organized
it looks for patterns but it finds false
pattern is just as easily as real ones
so it's racist by design so I guess your
brain is a racist system I wouldn't
argue with that but what we're talking
about is systems in the country let's
say the United States and current ones
now I'll give you the two examples
that but I think are worth mentioning
one comes from Tim Poole and he got a
little he called me a liar this morning
for refusing his example because he
can't see any reason that I would refuse
his example as being an example of
systemic racism unless I was lying
so I blocked him that that's automatic
yeah has nothing to do with whether I
like Tim Poole or not because I like him
fine and I think he's a valuable
contribution to the to the world but
it's my rule that if anybody assigns me
a motive in public that I block them so
I don't really have a forgiveness for
that so suggesting that my motivation on
this was lying even if he's right my
he's not he's not I wasn't lying but
just putting that in public is a
permanent block so Tim Poole is going
from my life forever and again not with
any I don't have a bad feeling about him
or anything so there's no criticism it's
just a rule and I choose to maintain
that rule because it it makes my life
better so nothing personal there but his
example was that let's say let's say a
black person who is low income gets a
ticket for exceeding the speed limit
can't pay the ticket next time he gets
picked up there's multiple tickets
eventually the fact that he can't he
can't solve any of his small problems
just by paying the fine maybe he loses
his license then he gets picked up for
not driving without a license the next
thing you know he can't get a job
because he can't drive to it what are
your options you know and suddenly it
just spirals out of control I reject
that as an example because it would
apply equally to anybody poor so it's
not systemic racism if everybody poor
would be in the same situation now that
would not be the case if the race
police were targeting black people I
don't know that that's currently the
situation I believe it has been in the
past but since I was asking for a
current current examples apparently
that's not one of them because that that
would be more of an example of a police
officer being racist not it being part
of the system so you could end up with
racist results because the people who
are in a system that happened to be
racists but that's not the system or
systemic unless you have a different
definition of it now part of the problem
is that systemic and systematic and any
words in that realm institutional etc
apparently everybody has a different
definition one of the definitions would
allow this example to be to be the one
example that I've seen so far so this is
a from where this come from damn it was
it barons Alex Barons
yeah Alex barons argues that there's
plenty of data and they pointed to it so
yes there is plenty of data to show that
prosecutors and the court system in
general is harsher on minorities and he
said that would be an example of
systemic racism now let's let me accept
the statement that the the justice
system is harsher on minorities so he
pointed to some data I have no reason to
doubt the data so let's take that as an
assumption that's true is that because
the system is bad or is it because there
are people in the system who are racists
and so here's the question you'd ask
about that do black judges give harsher
penalties to black defendants I don't
know do you because if you don't know
that
do you really know what's going on
because I don't get you know
it's easy to imagine that racism would
be you know part of the justice system
but you know if you look at the police
it would be easy to imagine that the
police are also shooting more black
people but when you look at the data and
you normalize it by or at least you
analyze it by a number of stops that
actually disappears so what you think
would be obviously true people are
racist put them into any system they'll
still be racist they'll still be doing
racist opinions and racist things so
it's more about the people so in my
opinion if you could fix the outcome by
changing the people it's not the system
unless you say the system is that you
can't change the people I suppose so if
you have a system where minorities were
were treated more harshly and you
couldn't fix that by replacing the
people then I would say the system is
broken
otherwise I'd say it's a system that has
too many racists in it now the tricky
part with the the justice system is that
number one everybody's a racist I said
that earlier so if you were trying to
get rid of the racist in the justice
system you'd have to get rid of
everybody there wouldn't be anybody left
so you don't really have an option of
doing that so is this a good example of
systemic racism what what is your vote
let's say you accept that there's
different outcomes and it's different
outcomes on the same system I would
argue that you'd have to have a
different system to have systemic racism
in other words the system would have to
call out your race to say okay black
people you were treated this way white
people you're treated this way this
short of that it's now systemic
otherwise it's still a problem I'm not
saying you don't need to address it so
if you're hearing that you're hearing
the wrong
of course you need to address different
outcomes you need to understand what's
behind that and if what's behind it is
you know some kind of implicit or
unconscious bias you want to know that
so you can do something about it
and fix it now I don't know enough about
the justice system to know to have a
really good opinion in this category
because here are the things I would ask
number one do black judges have the same
outcomes as white judges if it turns out
that they're different maybe one way to
fix it would be that you get to request
a judge who's your own your own
ethnicity or pick a judge use whatever
ethnicity you want let me ask you this
if you had a choice let's say a tweak to
the system this is probably impractical
but imagine you could do it imagine it's
practical because there are enough
judges that you'd have this option could
you ever say that you could as a
defendant that you would have the choice
of rejecting a judge just for ethnicity
would you allow that into the system now
let's say that the purpose of it is to
reduce racism so if you're a black
defendant you just say to yourself I
think I'm going to get a better shake
from a black judge would you deny a
black defendant the option of having a
black judge I would not I would not I
would not I would not deny somebody that
option because I think they you know if
these statistics are correct that Alex
Barron's points out that the outcomes
look if you look at just the the data it
looks like there's something going on
all right
so if it looks like there's something
going on that's a problem even if there
isn't because they're they're riots
right now in the streets based on
probably a Mis reading of data so if
people are believe there's a
problem that is a problem in this realm
the belief of a problem is the problem
if there's really a problem well that's
kind of like two problems there is a
problem and you believe its problem
which might allow you to get to a
solution so maybe believing it's a
problem is a step forward so how about
this if you would not accept that as a
tweak to the system the justice system
that the defendant can choose the
ethnicity of their judge and by the way
you wouldn't maybe you wouldn't always
choose your own ethnicity maybe you
wouldn't maybe you would say you know
for this particular crime the thing I'm
accused of I kind of wanted an
asian-american judge I mean I don't know
why I can't think of an example why why
you'd want that but you could you could
imagine this to be some specific
situation where you could say okay I'm
gonna pick a judge who's got a little
familiarity with this area somebody I
think has no no gripe with me because of
my skin color I don't know if you had
enough judges and that's really the
problem right you don't have enough
judges if you had enough I think I might
be okay with that I think I might be
okay with that although I think
technically it would be racist too I
think it would be racist to allow a
defendant to to pick a judge by based on
ethnicity but if you could I would at
least consider that option
I mean if black people wanted that what
let's take that as an assumption it
would be useless to do it if black
Americans said no that's not going to
help for whatever reason but if black
Americans were really really wanted that
change to say look I don't want a white
judge I live in a racist country I just
don't want a white judge I'd be okay
with that
well let me say I'd definitely be okay
with looking into that more does these
are the kind of things where somebody
smarter might say Scott Scott Scott
you're forgetting this other problem and
maybe I am what about suppose you had
this option a let's say an independent
group they would look at every would
look at every judge's decision or jury
decision I suppose
no not jury decision so they would not
look at guilty or innocent so let's just
say they're looking at sentencing
because I think sentencing was the real
issue that we're talking about here
there may be also a difference in who
gets a guilty verdict but let's just
look at sentencing for a moment suppose
you had an independent body who reviewed
all sentences but the identities and the
ethnicity of the perpetrator have been
removed so that the independent body
only gets the raw facts perpetrator did
this crime perpetrators uh let's say the
the other considerations for what for
reasons why would either extend the
either lengthen the the sentence or
reduce it are as follows persons never
had a you know maybe the person has
never had a prior maybe the person has I
know they they've really helped poor
people all their life something I don't
know what I don't know why you take into
consideration really the person showed
remorse as far as I can tell that one
gets a little dicey ER but let's say
that every single sentence is stripped
of all of its identifying
characteristics and sent to a group of
independent people whose only job is to
say alright this one looks like this one
yeah I mean I don't know anything about
the ethnicities and I can't tell because
even even the city that they came from
is is concealed so I can't even guess
alright yeah this one looks like too
extreme so you mark that one and it just
gets marked down to the average should a
should a convicted person be able to
request that their sentence be stripped
of its identifiers and given to an
independent
body we don't know anything except just
these details they say yeah it looks
like this is same same as this one or
not I'd say yes I'd say yes that if you
were a black defendant and you get you
get sentenced to something that even
even you suspect you're even just a
little curious that it might be racially
biased I think you should get a second
opinion I think that's fair because that
would be a better system so let me say
this I think I will accept Alex's
definition of systemic racism in this
example if you allow that the definition
of systemic is similar to widespread and
hard to get rid of so if something is
widespread and hard to get in get rid of
and it's it's sort of what would be the
right word it's it flows through an
existing system then maybe you could
call that systemic racism and again no
matter what name you put on it that
doesn't make it that doesn't tell you
you should work on it will not work on
it because if it's not systemic it could
be just regular racism and why wouldn't
you want to have a better system so
where is the conversation on tweaking
the justice system to get rid of those
real and or perceived biases is anything
suggested I'd be open to that so bring
me a bring me a suggestion you will note
that Alex Barron's did not get blocked
by me because he didn't call me a liar
you just disagreed disagreeing is great
I like a good disagreement especially
this guy this was a really productive
disagreement came with facts with a link
an argument oh you even sent me a
definition he gave me a definition gave
me data that looked pretty reliable and
an argument that made complete sense
and did not insult me or put any put any
opinions into my head to insult me good
job Alex
I'd like to see more of that let's see
what else we got going on here all right
so I tweeted this to see if I can get
myself cancelled today so this is
something that would would have gotten
me canceled any other month so if your
why if you're paying attention there's
something happening with the black lives
matter you know movement and and all
that comes with it there's something
happening here that is slowly but
definitely improving their ability to
talk about it the fact that I could just
even have this conversation about
whether systemic racism even exists and
I've been doing this for a week and I
haven't been cancelled I haven't been
cancelled for a week I've been saying
can anybody give me an example of the
systemic racism basically something that
would have gotten you canceled two
months ago all right two months ago I
would have been canceled but I didn't
get canceled this week why not why did I
not get canceled here's something I
tweeted today if this doesn't get me
canceled you can guarantee that there's
something happening that might be good
good in the sense that our either our
willingness or our ability to talk about
things we haven't talked about before or
at least being honest about them may
have lurched forward oddly enough all
right so here's my tweet and tell me if
you think this won't get me wouldn't get
me cancelled under normal times which
these are not so I said above that I've
learned three things from black lives
matter so far one is a systemic racism
doesn't exist except against whites and
asian-americans again I'm saying this to
be provocative because I want somebody
to give me examples
the more people give me examples and by
the way I wrote this just before Alex's
example which I'm I'm accepting if you
accept his definition of what systemic
means I said resisting arrest is the
only thing that gets you killed not race
shouldn't that get me cancelled I just
said that resisting arrest is the only
thing that gets you killed by cops not
not race how about this I said number
three reparations would be negative if
you calculated them correctly so those
are three statements individually all of
them would get me canceled in a normal
month don't you agree
every one of these would get me canceled
I just put three of them in one tweet
and I just looked at the comments and
it's just like you know people who agree
with me and crickets what's happening
what's going on here there's something
happening because there's no way I could
have tweeted this three months ago no
way I would already be completely
canceled and I'm trying to figure out
why and I have some speculation but I'll
just run it past you it goes like this
number one I'm sort of a unique voice
and that I have enough of a track record
that anybody who looks into it you know
anybody who looks at my writing or my
tweet sort of like periscopes they would
they would come to the conclusion that
I'm actually trying to help
literally actively aggressively
energetically trying to help and I don't
think there's any doubt about that
because what would be in it for being
not to try to help I do I have some
advantage of just like being a public
 like is that good for me you
know because otherwise that's all it is
right you know that if the only reason I
we're doing any of this is to troll or
to build my audience or something I
would just be a gigantic public
but I don't think that people
necessarily get that feeling about me if
they're looking at my history
and of course with these situations
people do that's the first thing they
did was like oh you said this let's see
what else you've said and and then
they're looking to it so I think if you
have unambiguously positive intentions
you can get a little bit more freedom
the second thing is that might make me
at least a little bit unique I hope not
but at least it helps is that I'm always
respectful about you know in least
individual citizens who have earned
respect now there are individuals who do
terrible things and I may be
disrespectful to individuals but in
terms of any group of people I would
never be disrespectful to any ethnic
group it's just there's nothing in me
that would ever want to do that if I did
it would be a complete accident you know
anybody can make a mistake
but if you are respectful and
unambiguously trying to be helpful
it does give you a little bit of body
armor that that you wouldn't get but
even those things would not be enough I
think you're gonna great three months
ago that wouldn't have protected me
here's what I think it is that the
people who would normally cancel me the
suspect that I'm right about all three
things that now I'm just speculating and
of course you know nobody is that nobody
thinks in exactly the same fashion so a
million people have a million different
opinions I don't want to lump anybody to
have one opinion but I have a suspicion
that that I have survived this so far I
mean I could be canceled by the end of
today but if I don't get canceled by the
end of today maybe tomorrow at the
latest because that's how long it takes
to write articles if I don't get
cancelled right away it might be because
people who look at these three things
don't want any attention on them because
if you put attention on them it just
might not go the way you want it now
somebody says they disrespect all groups
I respect that
I think disrespecting all groups is
actually a perfectly functional and
useful way to approach life in fact
respecting the group's equally and
disrespecting all groups equally very
similar very similar you know the
difference almost disappears so and let
me explain my my other statements so I
said resisting arrest is the only thing
that gets you killed
I could change my mind with just data
you know I asked for the data and I said
can you give how many people got killed
no matter their ethnicity regardless of
ethnicity how many people were killed by
police who were not resisting arrest
it's probably zero it's probably zero if
you take out things that everybody would
agree is just an accident
because you you know there are guns
involved so they're gonna be accidents
and mistaken identities and somebody
thought somebody hadn't got it in their
hand but it wasn't a gun so if you take
out the things where people have just
made a mistake it's pretty much
resisting arrest is it and we're suckers
if we imagine it's something else
now that doesn't say that police aren't
treating black Americans differently
I accept that that's almost certainly
the case but in terms of actually
getting killed which is really the thing
that's sparking the riots in terms of
getting killed I I don't know that there
are any situations except accidents and
people who resisted arrest
which again doesn't mean they should
have been killed but it does tell you
that there's a a rock-solid way to not
get killed and if you're not willing to
accept that you have an ability to not
get killed and it's all on you know
let's let's not say all because you know
it's a sloppy world what is almost all
on you if it's also true
and again I could beat I could change my
mind with one fact check if this fact is
wrong that police don't kill people who
don't resist arrest and then I said
reparations would be negative if you
calculated them correctly so here's the
way you would calculate them you'd have
to compare to some base case you can't
just say something is good or bad you
have to say well compared to what the
way it's typically done is compared to
white incomes and people say well
there's the disparity that would be the
basis upon which you would begin to your
calculations for reparations and of
course that would just be bad analysis
so forgetting about anybody's
preferences or you know biases etc just
in terms of what an analysis looks like
just for anything is you compare it to
the thing that would have happened if
you hadn't done the thing in all cases
it doesn't matter if you're talking
about race were you talking about
buying a new computer for your company
what you compare it to is don't buy a
new computer for your company right you
don't compare it to what another company
did with their computer that wouldn't
make sense you compare you buying a
computer for your company and you not
buying a computer for your company
that's what you compare if you were to
compare the say they from the point of
slavery to today if you were to make a
comparison of what the reparation should
be the proper analysis is to compare the
black lives in America who you know came
from a slavery legacy how are they doing
economically compared to how they would
be doing if they had been if they had
never been slaves you know if they're if
their family line had stayed in Africa
and lived a happy life in Africa how
would that go now economically the
people who came to America even under
the worst possible conditions if they
survived they're making a lot more money
then there are relatives that they left
behind the difference is probably
something like mumait keys numbers up
but it's somewhere in this range I think
the annual income in Africa is probably
below $2,000 a year the annual average
income of African Americans today in the
in America I don't know the average
income is around 63 thousand so that's
everybody if you assume that the average
income for African Americans is a
fraction of what it is on average and
that's I think that's true for sure
let's say it's 25,000 I don't know if
that's close but just just to get in the
range so you're comparing a population
who is earning 25,000 on average to a
population that was earning 2,000 on
average so somebody says what about the
opportunity costs yeah the opportunity
costs also work in the same direction so
if if you had stayed if slavery had
never existed you'd look at the total
situation from that day to today for
people who had stayed in Africa and
never been molested never been tortured
never been enslaved and then you compare
it to the other situation now money is
not the only question right money is not
the only question because there's also
reparations for just doing horrible
things to people but the history of
reparations for doing horrible things to
people correct me if I'm wrong so I need
a fact check on this as well that
history is for people who were alive am
i right if you look at the Japanese
internment we're reparations were paid
but unless I'm wrong and I was kind of
close to that because that's at the time
of the reparations for Japanese
internment I was living with a
japanese-american woman whose brother
had been in an internment camp so that
that's how close I was to that you know
I was living with a woman whose older
brother was born in a prison camp
in the United States in the
United States and American was born into
a prison camp in World War two
you know because that the
japanese-americans were were rounded up
and interned now that's about as awful
as the things can get no slavery is
worse but in terms of more modern things
that's that's way up there for badness
now
the reparations they were paid were paid
exclusively to living survivors of the
internment camps so the woman I was
living with did not get a check even
though her parents and her brother were
living in an internment camp and even
though they've lost all their property
basically basically they were taken off
of the property that they owned and
white people just stole it they just
stole their property and kept it it
never it was never corrected think about
that you were rounded up and you were
put in a prison camp for doing nothing
 nothing except going to work and
do any job right just your ethnicity
rounded up and put in a prison camp and
you know in the 1940s and then while
you're in camp all your is stolen
the land that you own the I don't know
how they do it I guess they bribed
somebody in the County Recorder office
or something just to change the names on
something and they just steal all your
land so does it make sense to pay
reparations to the people who were
rounded up because of their ethnicity
are still alive and clearly were just
raped in you know in every way that you
can be you know intellectually
spiritually economically morally
ethically I mean just were raped does it
make sense to pay them reparations I'd
say yes I'd say yes because they were
alive as soon as you as soon as you
extend that standard to people who have
passed
no matter how reasonable it might be
you're opening you're opening up a
pretty big can of worms so you can't
close back so I think as a standard
reparation payments for people who are
alive I would always consider that by
reparations for people who descended
from people who were wronged in some
prior generation you have to think that
through a little more carefully but if
you're gonna calculate it
I think you'd run into all kinds of
trouble and as I said it in a tweet
yesterday how much would I have to pay
Oprah if you calculated the reparations
given that I descended from
abolitionists how much do I owe
Oprah I mean if you tried to calculate
and any reparations it would just
descend into silliness or some kind of
new racist system or something so it's a
tough one but if you calculated it
properly just the economics it would be
negative if you calculated the pain and
suffering those people are dead you know
as tragic as of all was you can't fix
things for dead people and if you try to
find the ripple effect it's it's gonna
be tough to calculate although it's
there it's just tough to calculate all
right yeah what about people who are
mixed-race what about people who came
from other countries wah wah wah
yeah I don't see their reparations in
terms of the cash payments can never
happen now there's one version of
reparations which is being floated by
black lives matter or at least some
person associated with them I don't know
if they have a comment of you or not but
one person was suggesting that black
people should receive a basic minimum
income for life the odds of that
happening are exactly zero
but I wouldn't be surprised if poor
people someday are getting a basic
minimum income you know I think and
Andrew yang was ahead of his time I
think he will be
you could argue he's already been proven
right because of the payments during the
coronavirus so I think that you know
some kind of a guaranteed minimum
payment whether you like it or not I'm
not arguing you should like it and I'm
not arguing you shouldn't I'm just
telling you it's going to happen it's a
prediction I think it's somewhat
inevitable and as soon as you introduce
more robots that's just guaranteed so
andrew yang was exactly right the more
robots you have the more you can need
this guaranteed income and I would love
to see it in the future probably all
right do you have a Q&A at the end well
I didn't plug in my my head piece that
allows me to take questions on this so
no hasn't the New York Chapter of black
lives matter asked for 14 trillion no
maybe
ubi discourages creativity maybe but
most people are not creative anyway
all right that's all I got for today
check in with me to see if I'm cancelled
if I do get canceled you'll be able to
find me on the locals platform LOC ALS
it's a subscription-based platform so
people would get cancelled who still
have an audience you can go pay some
small amount per month and then they
still have their content somebody says
is that the red pill not yet it's common
think about how our the way we think is
changed in the last few years just the
way we think about everything it's
phenomenal
I told you it was going to happen here
it is and I will talk to you tomorrow