[Music]
why do I feel so good this morning well
I'll tell you it started out to be a
regular morning with just regular stuff
but then I heard a technique for really
getting up and getting going and it was
sort of a self help technique and I
wasn't expecting it really it came from
Joe Biden and he talked about how when
he was in the hospital with his brain
aneurysm that the nurses they quote they
were they breathe air into his nostrils
they got him up and going and so I
thought well if getting him nurse to
breathe air into your nostril get you up
and going and cures you from a brain
aneurysm or at least helps I got a guess
some of that so I hired a nurse who will
occasionally just blow some of the air
into my nostrils and you wouldn't you'd
be surprised how that just fires you up
you feel great
it's like oh thank you for that
breathing that air into my nostril well
let's have the simultaneous sip and it
goes like this all you need is the
capper Margaret glass the tanker
challenger's tie the canteen
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the dopamine hit of the
day the unparalleled pleasure you could
say those in either order it's called
the simultaneous sip and it makes
everything better including the pandemic
unemployment racism yeah all that stuff
it's getting better now go yes so Joe
Biden continues to entertain with his
unusual statements about nurses blowing
breathing air into his nostrils yeah I
saw a tweet on that and the funniest
part was reading the comments from
actual registered nurses
it turns out that if you ask registered
nurses hey do you ever occasionally
depending on the patient do you ever
breathe air into their nostrils to try
to heal them a little bit quicker turns
out they've never seen that before
surprised they have received that before
alright let's talk about some of the
things did you all see the clip of
President Trump in an interview talking
about his cognitive test you have to
have to see that clip here's what's
interesting
he describes the the test a little bit
and one of the examples was they would
give you a list of items and you have to
repeat them back but then you would
later be asked to repeat them back again
after asking a bunch of questions in
between and as the president was
describing this process he would use
this example it sounded like he came
from the test itself and the list was
person woman may have camera TV now I
have the opposite of whatever there's
the ability to remember stuff like this
I cannot remember verbatim anything not
phone numbers not lists I mean if I
really work at it I can so you know I
got good grades and in school because if
I study I can do it but in a casual
sense I don't really try to remember
stuff like that and I don't so watching
the president just tell the story and in
the process of telling the story he
repeated that same sequence maybe five
different times I think and each time
you said it as a viewer just somebody
watching it it just made to the rest of
my world go away you have to watch how
Bezemer izing it is to watch Trump do
this the sequence of five things
approximately five times in different
times and each time he does it you think
to yourself oh god he's not gonna get it
right this time because he was doing it
a little live interview do you know how
much guts it takes to do a cognitive
test impromptu to yourself live in front
of you
in front of the nation the fact that he
repeated those five things in order five
different times I'm not sure I could
have done it I don't think I could have
even done the interview much less the
the cognitive part now what's funny is
of course he's setting setting up Biden
for you obviously it would be good for
Trump if the media started asking for
Biden to take the same test now that
would be the the kill shot right because
one assumes that Biden would not do well
on that test so he either has to either
has to deny that he needs it which would
look weird or he takes it that looks bad
so it's all good for Trump to bring up
this topic but how or do I add this
caution and it may be time for a pivot
on this because there are a lot of old
voters and I think the old voters just
don't like it when somebody when
somebody is honest about the fact that
at a certain age you lose your cognitive
abilities and I would at least suggest
that you know maybe time for this or
maybe later but I would I would give him
finding the Bob Dole treatment that Bill
Clinton gave to Bob Dole when he was
running against Bob Dole was this much
beloved senior politician who had been
through World War two he was a war hero
very popular politician and Clinton is
running against them and what Clinton
did was instead of going at him and
criticizing him to the in the most
normal way you'd expect you know real
direct criticism he basically said you
know we should respect we should respect
Bob Dole for his war hero stuff
but we're planning for the future and
Bob Dole is planning for the past so
basically instead of treating him like
an equal which is full force punching
because that's how you treat an equal
right if somebody was your your peer you
wouldn't hold back because you're equal
you've got to give them everything you
can to try to win by a
a little bit so you'd put your full
force of your your attack into it
but if somebody is maybe weakened if
your opponent is not quite up to your
your level that it just sort of looks
bad if you're beating on them and I
think that was what Clinton got right by
treating dole as a lovable symbol of the
past because that framing is pretty
devastating and I think that there's at
least that opportunity here which is for
Trump maybe not yet yeah there's a
timing issue but maybe yet I don't know
- just start treating Biden as a
respected but retired politician someone
who who was you know tried hard to help
the country but I think that Trump no
longer needs to say directly he that Joe
Biden can't put two sentences together
he doesn't know where he is he doesn't
understand the topics saying it directly
feels like a little bit at least two
senior citizens as maybe you're taking
that too far and he could get the same
impact by saying look I don't want to be
unkind and especially because you know
there are a lot of the seniors yeah but
I think we all see the same thing and I
think you need to take that into
consideration because if you treated it
gently I think everybody would still see
it
it's the seeing it that's important it's
not what Trump says about it about Joe
Biden's cognitive decline it's just that
everybody sees it and everybody knows
everybody else sees it so I think it's
powerful to say you know everybody sees
it it's not even a left or right thing
everybody sees it so that's one way to
go all right
according to Rasmussen Trump has about
30 percent black support meaning that
likely voters 30% of black voters when
vote for Trump if they voted today over
Biden do you believe that because that's
like triple or what you'd expect now
here's the interesting part the rest of
the Rasmussen poll looks about how you'd
expect you know you the Democrats of
course voting for Democrats and women
women preferring the Democrat over Trump
and been prefer a job so so a lot of
things you'd expect are just the way
you'd expect them except this one number
which apparently has been consistent at
least in the Rasmussen poll it's been
quite consistent it's never it's never
gone way down or it hasn't fluctuated
wildly it's been sort of like right at
that level maybe climbing a little bit
and if that holds that's looking pretty
landslide e but we'll see and I'm trying
to figure out why that would be why do
you think it would be that thirty
percent of black likely voters in this
country would support Trump when the
fake news is calling him a racist every
day why would that be I'll give you a
hypothesis and the hypothesis looks like
this thirty percent is probably roughly
just guessing probably roughly the
number of people who like things the way
they are don't you think I would guess
that any population thirty percent of
any group would say you know I kind of
like things the way they are let's not
change it too much but on top of that
Trump does not Infanta lies the black
population and I would think that thirty
percent of any population would
appreciate not being infantilized not
being treated like victims not being
treated like you know there's there's
just something wrong there but rather
treating it treating everybody you like
you know you're adults if you're an
adult you're a kid if you're a kid but
that's the only distinction
and I've got a feeling that that's more
popular than people realize but I don't
have any data to back that up
so marianne williamson you know you know
her from the Democratic primaries she
tweeted that that Trump wanted to surge
federal law enforcement into Chicago to
help out with a crime she tweeted that
if we allow this now and the attempts to
stop this dictatorial rise will be
forever stymied and I thought
dictatorial rise is that what's
happening did do you feel a dictatorial
rise happening because I don't feel any
of that I feel like whatever would be
the opposite of a dictatorial rise is
what we're saying Trump is literally
letting the states take the lead on a
lot of this stuff I don't think you
could get more anti dictatorial rise
than giving the governors and the
mayor's as much leeway as as the
constitutional house and Trump is giving
them that leeway now if he decides to
surge some federal law enforcement and
Chicago does not appreciate it
he's still just obeying the law because
the federal the federal forces would
only be enforcing federal laws which he
is supposed to do so anyway she deleted
that tweet and I don't know if she
deleted it because I mocked it which I
did so I don't know maybe a lot of
people mocked it but it didn't look like
a dictatorial rise to me how do you
think Trump would do if you were to
reframe the the protest this way and oh
there's a couple parts to this what is
that what is that the complaint about
the department homeland security forces
being involved in the cities is that
they're squelching freedom of speech now
I don't think they're doing any
like that because the protesters have
gone well beyond freedom of speech and
some of them are doing vandalism and
crime and certainly nobody in the
government even cares about the speech
do they I have not even heard anybody
complain about the speech we're pretty
much all free speech people in this
country you know if it comes down to it
especially the law enforcement people
that gets drilled into you pretty well I
think if you're in law enforcement but
how does Trump solve the problem that it
looks like he's clamping down on freedom
of speech it looks dictatorial but at
the same time he really does have an
obligation to do what he can to clamp
down on crime it's part of his job so
how did it how does he get those two
things right and I would suggest the
following it could be time to ask for
the protesters to organize a little
better and maybe encourage the the media
to take up their voices so in other
words the president could say you know
we do want to clamp down on crime but I
hear what everybody is saying about
freedom of speech so here's what I would
suggest I'd suggest that your media
sources you CNN's your MSNBC's your Fox
News that they have on representatives
of the protesters so that their freedom
of speech is not just preserved but
amplified amplified well so is there any
reason that the president could not be
in favor of your regular established
media entities amplifying amplifying the
protesters to make sure that they had
the freedom of speech at the same time
that the citizens were protected from
crime now what would CNN and MSNBC and
all them say about that because your
first instinct I think is hold on hold
on
you don't want the CNN and MSNBC
promoting all this Marxist stuff and
the systemic racism stuff that requires
you know destroying the whole system to
fix it
isn't that just gonna make it worse but
let me ask you this if CNN and MSNBC
wanted to have those voices amplified
they'd already be doing it I think that
the established people people have jobs
and all that people who work for CNN
they don't want the protesters to win
because the protesters want to change
everything let me ask you this if you're
Don Lemon and you've got one of the best
most prestigious jobs in the country I
would say the media personality on a
major news network in primetime that's
like a seriously great job if you were
Don Lemon and I won't I won't read his
mind
so I'll just say if you were Don Lemon
would you want the system to be
radically overhauled
I don't think so because he's he's
sitting on top of the system he's the
big winner if you were any of the you
know well paid staff of CNN or the
management or the ownership would you
want the entire system of the United
States to be remade I don't think so
I don't think you would and I don't
think it's a coincidence that the major
news organizations even on the left are
not fully embracing what the protesters
are protesting for so I don't think it's
a risk because I think that even you
know even the CNN staff even the MSNBC
staff would push back I think they would
push back now they're not going to push
back if somebody comes on and says
there's institutional racism systemic
racism they would probably agree with
that but if they go further and say and
therefore we have to dismantle the whole
system I think even the CNN staff would
say well give me some details on that
because I'm not quite on board with
dismantling the whole system because
it's working for me so and maybe there's
a different model instead of encouraging
the
press to do it maybe the president could
say hey let's put together a national
you know listening committee or
something will give us some attention
but the the general idea is that the
president could promote free speech at
the same time he's clamping down on a
crime but he'd have to separate what is
crime and what is free speech and I
think you'd have to put the burden on
the media and ask ask why is it let me
ask you this why do protestors feel they
have to protest the reason you do that
is because your voice is not being heard
why not you know why is that why are the
voices on the left not being heard
because they have most of the media if
you if you're on the same side as most
of the media and your voice is not being
heard that sounds like a problem on the
left they need to work that I know all
right more fun stuff happening so the
president gave his he's giving his press
conferences now about the coronavirus
he's getting high marks for being
realistic about it'll probably get worse
before it gets better and high marks for
being pro masks so those so it looks
like you solved a couple of his problems
just by being compatible with the you
know the general mood of the country
there or at least the general mood of
his critics but now he's being
criticized for not having the experts as
part of the event now when asked why he
did not have the experts the president
said that the experts are briefing him
and that the way he's doing is a concise
way of doing it but of course that
doesn't quite answer the press's
question which is why can't we do
follow-up questions etc with the with
the experts and here's what I would do I
would say look we're trying to inform
the country we don't want this big
unwieldy thing that nobody's going to
watch we don't want to impose upon the
news you know the live news networks
that they have to carry this for an
our you know we have an obligation to
make our message compact and something
that the news organizations will carry
so shorter is better and I think at a
half hour a half an hour of the
president is kind of exactly the right
amount you know because it isn't really
a case of more is better but the the
critics do have a point which is what if
they want to followup with the experts
and they've got a question that maybe
they'd rather hear from Burks or pouchy
and I think the president should make
them available but maybe not at that
event now I assume they are available I
don't know the details how hard is it
for somebody to get a question to one of
them but perhaps they could even say why
don't you follow up with the experts in
writing so yeah if you give us a written
question for the experts we'll get you
back a written response is that fair
there's a fair to say are I as president
I'm just going to keep it simple keep my
message clean do the leader thing that
the country needs but if you want to
follow up on technical details it's much
better if you do it in writing so that
there's no miscommunication so give us a
written question we'll give it to Burks
and foul Qi or whatever experts you want
and we'll get you a written answer yeah
why not keep it in writing because we
all know that the press conferences are
about the showboating of the the press
so he could say I could get you all the
information you want in a better form
than you're asking for it because doing
it verbally you get it you get intel
this misinterpretation problem but doing
it in writing still could be
misinterpreted but much lower risk so I
think you could say look experts can get
misinterpreted so why don't you give
them the questions in writing I'll give
you the big picture and then you can
follow up on any details they're fully
available send us your questions we'll
send you some answers who complains
about that all right
am i right or am I wrong that the
biggest problem in the country is all
one problem it just looks like lots of
different problems but it's all one
problem which is the teachers unions
have destroyed education and imagine if
you will that there were no teachers
unions and that there could be charter
schools there could be competitive
schools and you know basically education
became a competitive business right now
it can be because teachers unions don't
want that because it's not good for the
teachers incomes in the short run and so
it seems to me that everything from
prime to racism to poverty basically all
your biggest problems in the world are
being caused by citizens who have not
been well trained they don't even know
their biggest problems from their
smallest take for example all the people
who are protesting do they seem
well-educated to you not really because
well and by well educated I don't mean
that they did or did not go through some
years of school and college I'm not
talking about formal education because a
lot of the anti-fog people actually do
have good formal education a lot of the
black lives matter leaders have good
formal education but were they well
served because I would think that one of
the basics of education is to know your
priorities and to know that you're
working on what's important and there
you have a strategy that makes sense
these would be very important as opposed
to just reading writing which have their
own value but don't get you don't get
you to a life strategy so it seems to me
that if you could fix the teacher union
problem you could have good education
and then you would produce citizens who
when they saw this these questions about
black lives matter and systemic racism
they would be better better equipped
because what they're doing now is
complaining about their lowest priority
the lowest priority and this is being
looking from the outside but do you
disagree with what I'm going to say so
you know I realize I'm not the one who
should be saying this but I don't know
that anybody would disagree with it
which is that the highest priority is
education if you if you have a whole
generation of well-educated black kids
what does the future look like it looks
a lot better looks a lot better because
you could have less poverty that gives
you less crime that gives you better
health outcomes gives you more of a
voice in society you want to you want to
fix some institutional racism well now
you're in good shape to do that because
you know everything else is working you
know you've got you know the right base
you know base education and knowledge so
if you don't fix teachers unions you
don't fix education if you don't fix
education everything else is unimportant
because it all flows from that and these
protests being mostly about the police I
would I would say it's the smallest
priority and I wonder too if if Trump
said that directly would he be burned
alive or would people say oh yeah that's
kind of true imagine if you will and I
think maybe the atmosphere is just too
toxic to say this but imagine if you
will that the president said look I hear
what I hear what all the protesters are
saying and nobody wants anybody killed
by police that don't need to be killed
by police but it's also your lowest
priority because the fewest people are
affected by that in terms of who killed
even as bad as it is it's your smallest
problem your biggest problem is
education and maybe crime so if you
don't fix crime you probably can't get
an education right
and if you don't get education right
nothing else works so what would happen
if the president just said I hear you
and that's a real problem and we should
work on it but do you agree it's your
smallness problem yeah so people say
you'd be burned alive burned alive I
don't know I think there are a lot of
people in the middle the the few people
who might be able to go left or right
depending on the argument I think the
people in the middle would say yeah as
long as you acknowledge that the police
thing is a problem I have to agree with
you that if you were to rank all your
problems in the black community it would
tend to be the lowest it would be it
would be dead bottom if you ranked it
based on anything based on a number of
deaths based on the long-term impact as
bad as it is now of course somebody will
watch this and say cartoonist says
there's no problem with police of course
I'm not saying that I'm just ranking
them alright have you noticed that well
and this problem of not knowing what our
priorities what the priorities are is it
affects everything take climate for
example the the people who have been
educated for the past 20 years by the
teachers unions and the teachers that
they support believe that climate change
is the biggest risk to the world climate
change now maybe some of you even agree
with that because what could be a bigger
problem than the planet itself becoming
you know unlivable well here's what an
educated public would have said they
would have said something closer to what
Michael Shellenberger says in his book
apocalypse never which is that poverty
is the problem if you fix proud if you
fix poverty or you know put a dent in it
then you're also going to be fixing the
and and the environment because poor
countries don't make better environments
rich countries do the United States has
gotten to the point where we can
substitute in greener energy and you
know we can build a nuclear power plant
but you're not going to build that in a
third-world country where there's no
money you know you don't have the
support structure etc so to imagine that
the biggest problem is the environment
and not the economics and poverty is
just not understanding the problem and
that's an education problem and again
you see the same problem is focusing on
the wrong thing fairly consistently how
do you decide what's the right thing
well the right thing you'd have to know
a little bit about economics a little
bit about comparing things a little bit
about life strategies you know the
things that are not typically taught in
school but should be alright and I do
think that teachers are brainwashing
kids to give them a victim mentality and
a win-lose sort of mindset instead of an
abundance and talent stacking strategy
kind of a mindset so probably teachers
are destroying the country is my bottom
line all right
as we're watching all these protests I
don't think you should lose sight of the
fact that I doubt the protests would be
as aggressive as they are if they were
not fund do the protesters look like
they're enjoying themselves they do
right if you see the protesters they're
totally enjoying themselves and I don't
know if that's you don't really protest
50 nights in a row
unless it's sort of a lifestyle thing so
the protesters because they're
protesting the lowest priority and don't
parently that doesn't seem to matter
it's become sort of like a when I see
the protests they look like Civil War
reenactments
where the the people are more like
actors it's like people people decided
to participate in the protest but they
don't just show up as themselves they
actually take out a role so the the
black bloc people who dress all in black
they've literally adopted a role just
like a Civil War Reenactment be okay
you're the you guys are the infantry
you're the cannon guys so we're slightly
different outfits you know you're the
general and and then you see the now
we've got the the mobs so the moms are
dressing as moms I guess I'm putting on
yellow shirts and and bicycle helmets
and now now the bombs are a new set of
actors and this massive role-playing
thing but imagine if everybody had jobs
imagine if they had entertainment
alternatives if you had job and you had
an entertainment alternative would you
be out on the street I don't know maybe
because it looks like it's fun but if
you have some other alternatives that
are also useful or fun it's going to
take some of the energy out of that and
what about the fact that the protesters
are probably not having sex you're one
of the things that we probably won't
talk about this country is that the one
of the effects of this shutdowns and the
quarantines and all that is I think
people are having less sex in this
country than any time in our history
what's that do to you it's not good it's
not good at all so that's a problem
speaking of Portland who I have
designated the ashtray of foundation
ten-wheeler their mayor went down to
listen to the protesters and interact
with him he ended up getting tear gassed
accidentally we think and here's what
this made B wonder so Ted wheeler goes
and he wants to listen to the protesters
so far so good
I like it when our politicians actively
show that they want to listen to
first amendment protests so that part's
good but here's a part that is
conspicuously missing conspicuously
missing where is the poll of what the
non protesting citizens of Portland want
do you know well what about the other
people because I think I know what the
protesters want
they're pretty provoked lamented but do
you know what the non protesters want
where's my poll of the citizens of
Portland who are not part of the
protests physically in the streets and
do they support continued protests or do
they support the federal government
taking care of it why don't you know
that ask yourself that question it is
such an accessible thing meaning that
they're you know poll polling groups etc
and you wouldn't necessarily need a
polling group you could have yeah you
know see you then does these little not
town halls but they'll have a group of
12 people who are just sample citizens
and they'll just talk to them say all
right you sample citizens there are 12
of you how do you feel about the
protests you know you're for or against
them but why are we not seeing anything
like that why is it why is it that you
and I don't have any idea no idea I
don't even have a good guess of what the
citizens of Portland who are not
protesting what I don't know what they
won't and add their silence makes me
wonder if they care and why do I care if
the citizens don't care you know why
should I want my federal tax money to go
to sending people who are just making
people mad and they don't want them
what's the point
so think about how badly you've been
failed by your media that you don't know
what the citizens of Portland actually
want and I kind of tell you I want to
feel sorry for Portland I just can't I
don't have any empathy
to thee for Portland at all and the
reason is not because I'm a monster who
has no empathy but you don't really want
to show empathy for someone who's not
asking for it and doesn't need it and
doesn't want it and it's not part of
their mindset if they think they're
getting what they want why am I the one
to tell them they're not getting what
they want sort of up to them so I don't
know I just I can't get too invested in
Portland unless they're invested in
themselves alright that's enough about
Portland do you think the president will
have an electoral advantage or
disadvantage in getting tough with pride
in the cities so it looks like he's
going to surge some troops into Chicago
which is unpopular with the mayor of
Chicago but what about these citizens of
Chicago who are not criminals what do
they want do you know no no you do not
know you don't know what the citizens of
Chicago want the ones who are not
protesters you don't know isn't that the
single most important question because
if the citizens of Chicago are okay with
a crime rate meaning that they prefer
that over the alternative of stronger
law enforcement if they prefer it again
I just won't travel there I just don't
have to go there I just don't know that
it's a problem but I do think that the
president his instincts are probably
right that as long as he doesn't get too
dictatorial looking as long as he makes
it clear that this is only for the
benefit of the citizens and to reduce
crime etcetera I think it's a plus but
the Democrats are going to try as hard
as they can to turn those Department of
Homeland Security law enforcement people
who really are just trying to do a good
job and help the country turning them
into some kind of Gestapo which is
pretty
alright one of the things one of the
problems that aunty Fay has is the same
problem that Isis had and prior to Isis
being completely destroyed on the
battlefield and losing all of their
territory but not obviously not their
ideology and recruiting but before they
before that happened I had said publicly
number times the ISIS the worst thing
they can do is hold territory because as
soon as Isis holds territory there's
something to Bob you know you you go oh
ok that's that's where Isis is now
that's their police force boom gone so
if you're a group that does not have as
much power as the group you're
protesting you don't want to hold
territory and that's what they're trying
to do with you know the Chazz and the
chop and the you know the various times
that they've barricaded streets and they
try to hold territory it just sort of
doesn't work because that's the point
where the the larger authority can say
oh you're all here you're all standing
this block and you've done some crime so
we can round you up now so enta far has
sort of a natural limit to how far they
can go because as soon as they try to
hold territory they lose and I don't
know that they could win in an election
so it might be naturally gating alright
there's a so I do report that the excess
deaths in the period that the
coronavirus started raging in the United
States was about a hundred and eighty
two hundred ninety thousand so that's
how many people have died above
expectations for a normal year now given
that it's hard to know who died of
coronavirus this is a useful number but
what it doesn't sort out is how many
fewer automobile accidents there were
while we were locked out how many fewer
accidents of all kind but it also
doesn't count how many people died
because of lockdown how many people
committed suicide we're at drug
overdoses or
were victims of crime because of the
lockdown so that we don't know what the
net of that is but if it looks like the
coronavirus locked down plus the
coronavirus killed it looks like we're
definitely going to be over 200,000 now
200,000 is kind of a magic number
because I've told you I've asked people
who said Scott Scott Scott is just a
regular flu it's a little bad but it's a
regular flu and I've asked how many
people would have to die from this
regular flu before you would say okay I
changed my mind this was a big deal I
didn't realize it was going to be this
big and the number I've heard is around
200,000 it looks like we're gonna blow
past it so do the people who said it's
just the flu do they revise their
opinion too when it blows past 200,000
or do they say this because they're not
good at analyzing do they say Scott
Scott Scott you're counting wrong 45,000
of them maybe more died because of the
lockdown
it was the lockdown they killed 45,000
people that's what they would argue I
would argue that was 45,000 people who
died trying to save a billion so I think
that the 45,000 who died because of the
lockdown if you or they asked medical
professionals they'd say yeah that's
terrible
nobody wanted those people to die but
it's fewer than would have died
otherwise and then nobody won't be able
to prove it
so you're always get to this point where
they'll be this question that you just
can't prove like what would have
happened if you'd done the other thing
you never know because you didn't do the
other thing so I guess we'll never have
an answer but I would say that the
question of whether the corona virus is
a regular flu
basically as answered it is not alright
but I know that there will be
disagreement with that have you heard
the the biggest Trump criticisms and how
generic they're he's creating chaos
there's no strategy he's a racist
have you noticed that and I say this
before but once you start seeing it it
becomes funnier that they'll never they
don't blame in for things you can
measure they only blame the president
for things that are impossible to
measure because that's the only way they
can be credible if they said you ruined
X Y or Z we could just look at the
numbers and say oh no x y&z look pretty
good it doesn't look like you ruined
them at all so they have to go with his
vague there's chaos and the
administration and and and he's you stop
passing the fact-checking and none of it
ties back to a real thing that matters
to your life and I remind you again that
there are some generic things sent about
every leader that there's chaos and
nobody's making a decision and there's
no strategy and that's just sort of
generic stuff you say about every leader
Tesla is moving its production for a
cyber truck to Texas I think California
is pretty much done because you know
California was one of the potential
places to put that and it's just not
even an option the fact that Tesla would
say you know California thanks for
having us will we'll keep our production
facilities that are there for a while
but the state doesn't really work for us
anymore it's a big deal probably a
bigger deal in the future have you
noticed that the issue of sports teams
and dealing for the national anthem went
from being this big national the story
to no relevance whatsoever
yes people are still going to complain
about it but is there anything in your
entire life
that's a smaller problem than an
entertainment industry there's some of
the entertainers dealing because they
want to use this to protest the flag not
the flag but protest police brutality is
there a smaller problem in your life
than that it's literally your small this
problem not even a problem it just makes
it more interesting
so to be the dealers add some interest
to a field of entertainment that could
always use a little more interest I
don't see that as a problem at all all
right you heard about the Chinese
consulate and Houston was closed because
I guess it was a den of spies a den of
spies wouldn't you love to know what's
really happening between the United
States and China do you think that the
the public has any clue what China is
doing to us every day and what we are
doing in response or doing to them first
who knows there's a there's a whole war
raging with China but because we don't
have the kind of casualties that you
could easily count you're like oh this
this guy got a bullet and now he's dead
and we'll count him as one damn
but if fence it all comes in from China
goes through Mexico gets mixed with some
other drugs and somebody has an overdose
death we just say well that's the you
know the Avex problem so there's this
gigantic deadly war that's you know
theft and cyber crime and China put in
sending a probe to Mars and that's
pretty scary because whoever controls
space is going to control earth so I
would just note that you're in the
middle of a hot war that is a modern
form of a hot war it's all this cyber
information economic getting ready for
this lying about this spying gathering
data artificial intelligence and all
that so you're you're in the middle of
World War 3 it's not even though the
news because it's all it's all
distributed in a million ways the Three
Gorges Dam is about to break yeah do we
have enough data on them I know that
they started releasing water so they
they're intentionally flooding some of
that zone I
we think that China would be able to get
out of the way because they have enough
warning horses on the roof I don't know
what that means
Scott what state will you be moving to
well you know not everybody has the
option to moving because if you have
family connections etc businesses it's
pretty hard to move so I might be a
holdout because I I don't live in San
Francisco if I lived in San Francisco I
would already be gone but I left San
Francisco because I hated living there
you know 30 years ago it's not better
now yeah there go our antibiotics
yeah if China gets flooded it could get
ugly for the supply chain all right cat
on the roof yeah all right I'm just
looking at your comments and I think
that's all I have to say for today I
believe and we'll talk to you tomorrow