well let's see how the stock market's
doing on this wonderful January 6th is
it rewarding
Trump yes it
is looks like everybody's happy on
January
6 happy January 6 everybody we're can to
have a good time
today let me get my locals people up
here on their special comments
Monitor and we're good to go
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization not
just because it's coffee with Scott
Adams but because it's January 6 the
holiday we all remember and maybe maybe
recognize for a long time um the country
called
America is looking stronger than I've
seen it in a long time so there's that
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with her tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cover mugger glass and tanker chel Stein
a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the UN
parallel pleasure of the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous hip
it happens now
go oh that's good that's some good stuff
right
there well I didn't get you a gift for
January 6 but I feel like we can still
celebrate can't we that's a good day
well I've got some science stories we've
got some political Stories We got some
January 6 stuff and some Trump effect
stuff but uh here's a starting with a
little bit of a
study um according to s poost written by
Vladimir HRI testosterone spikes are
linked to Stronger political opinions in
men that's right when men have higher
testosterone their political opinions
Harden and they get more you know more
certain and more forceful
now could they have saved money by doing
something where they could get the same
answer but they wouldn't have to do the
study well they could have just asked me
because that's pretty much what
testosterone
is if somebody said what's testosterone
Scott i' say well you know has a variety
of benefits to your your health but in
terms of what it's going to do to you
it's going to make your opinions more
forceful and you're going to
chase him
harder I thought everybody already knew
that did we really need to do that in
the study well I don't know I'll bet you
if you measure the testosterone of the
January 6 protesters during the height
of the protest I'll bet you would have
found their testosterone was pretty high
I bet you would and I'll bet if you
measured them while they're in prison
except for today they might be happy
today um it probably would have been
lower so winning makes your testosterone
higher higher testosterone makes you
more confident we knew all of these
things but let's talk about the rasmuson
poll that said 48% of uh I think it was
likely voters say Biden is one of the
worst Presidents ever
48% let's call it
half now I suppose Democrats said the
same thing about Trump after you know
the first term but
that's pretty
bad that's pretty
bad all right let's talk about uh let's
talk about January 6 Kyle Cheney is
posting on X that uh the Department of
Justice revealed that it
declined uh 400 cases that the FBI
recommended for protesters at January 6
the original to be
charged the Department of Justice
said no to
400 extra ones that the FBI thought
should be charged when their only crime
was entering the restricted
perimeter their only crime was entering
the restricted perimeter when the gates
were torn
down and the FBI tried to give 400 of
them into the legal system through that
well thank goodness the Department of
Justice said that's too far
um
and and I think Molly Molly Hemingway is
pointing out uh that the FBI is obsessed
by this don't you want to know who in
the FBI was in charge of recommending
that these 400 people be be destroyed by
the Department of
Justice so much so that the Department
of Justice said uh no we're not going to
do
that we have questions who who exactly
thought that was a good idea because
whoever you are to me that sounds like
it was completely
political I mean that 400 people
remember I told you that Republicans
would be
hunted well I don't think it's more
obvious than 400 people that the
Department of Justice couldn't even
bring it on themselves to charge them so
yeah FBI you got a big
problem um as you know Biden gave one of
the I think it's the nation's highest
award to a civilian and included Liz
Cheney who who was on that select
committee January 6 select committee and
uh remember that she hid exculpatory
evidence about
Trump and remember she she did something
like witness tampering this Molly way
was talking about this as well on X and
is that illegal is it illegal if you're
just on some January 6 select committee
is it illegal to tamper with a witness I
mean it would be if it were a legal
trial but is it illegal if it's a
political process I don't know um hiding
exculpatory evidence again I don't know
if that's
illegal but if it if it had a big impact
on the country it's as bad as you can
imagine it's pretty
bad so anyway my biggest question about
this is I'm wondering if Lou Cheney will
end up in one of the same cells that the
January Sixers are in right now you know
the female January
6ers that could actually
happen because I don't know if what
she's done is jailable but it's in the
category of things you think should be
jailable I just don't know if the the
law would agree with me and if she ended
up in jail and the January 6ers were
released there's at least a pretty good
chance that they would fill one of the
empty she would fill one of the empty
prison
cells so I don't know maybe she'll be in
one of those
jails we'll see anyway Trump says he's
expecting to grant clemency to over a
thousand of those January Sixers now
keep in mind I think there are 14 of
them 1,400 of them he said uh over a
thousand so we don't know how many now
the other thing that somebody asked is
clemency is that as good as a pardon
because otherwise if it keeps them with
a criminal record people are saying hey
clemency is not as good as a pardon but
did you know that a pardon is just a
subset of clemency so clemency doesn't
tell you
exactly what the order would look like
that's just a umbrella so it could be a
pardon we just don't
know
um well you know I think it's a start
but if you're looking at the extremes
most of us would agree that at least a
thousand of them didn't do anything
worthy of jail so those are the easy
ones but what about the hardcore ones
what about the ones who genuinely look
like they were in there to do some
danger uh Nancy Peli reminds us
that uh at least a few of the January
Sixers were talking out loud about
finding ncyl and doing
damage so she points out as I would
point out if I were in a position that
no if they had not been stopped or she
had not been protected that she could
have been uh badly injured now I don't
know if that's true because it's
possible that the protesters were just
full of talk and even if they had the
chance
probably wouldn't have done it but I
don't know and if and if I were her I
would certainly think that they might
have I I wouldn't take it I wouldn't
take it as hyperboy if it were happening
to me so could there be somebody who are
people who are at that extreme that
should be kept in
jail I'm going to say no they should not
be kept in jail cuz this is the special
case of all special cases if if it were
just a case of some people did some
dangerous stuff I'd say well you know
they broke the law so
jail but what did they think they were
doing what they thought they were doing
is saving the country from what looked
to them like an obvious rigged election
and the end of democracy in the United
States basically so they were doing what
the you know the Tea Party the real tea
party back in the uh beginning of the
country so they were doing
what the Patriots and the founding of
the country were doing they were
applying some potential or actual
violence to a situation in which they
thought their country had been was being
stolen from them or they were being
abused by the
government now the fact that some people
might argue that they were
wrong doesn't make them wrong meaning
that they may have accurately identified
a f a rigged election and they may have
accurately identified who was behind it
and if the penalty for rigging an
extreme you know rigging an election and
being behind
it was that it increases your physical
risk that's not really a situation I
want to stop you know what I mean so
certainly I'm not in favor of
violence but if somebody wants to react
in a militant way because they saw
something happen to the country that is
a complete destruction of the
country I'm not sure that that's exactly
like going on the offensive to me that
looked like self-defense and National
Defense I don't recommend it I wouldn't
want to see it again but the people
involved were trying to save the country
not destroy it that's got to count for
something were they wrong did to do what
they want it's a separate question but I
would ignore it I would ignore whether
or not they made good decisions and I
would just say were they baited into a
situation that definitely looked like
the country had been
stolen and were they acting in a way
that would be appropriate if they'd been
correct and I think the answer is if
they had been
correct and they might have
been um then it wasn't that bad you you
could understand it in a completely
different context so what she's trying
to get away
with Nancy Peli is trying to get away
with making you think past the sale that
it was a perfectly good election in
which case I would say they should all
go to jail if somehow they knew it was a
good election and they did what they did
anyway well yeah yeah you go to jail for
that but if they genuinely believed what
at least half of the country probably
thought that the entire system had been
rigged and had been stolen from them and
they just lost
America yeah expect some people to act
in a pretty aggressive way and if it
happens again I don't recommend violence
but you should expect it you should at
least expect it you'd be creating the
situation that pretty much invites it so
if you create a situation where you have
not protected our elections to the point
where the public can even tell if they
were Fair
you've got to take that responsibility
on yourself Nancy Pelosi and everybody
else who is in in in office if you can't
give us an election that even looks Fair
whether it was or not if it doesn't look
fair you did not do your job or even
close and there's going to be reaction
to that don't recommend it but there's
going to be
reaction well meanwhile Trump is uh the
master of the fast start strategy where
you make sure that your first days in
office or even before office as he's
doing now that he he comes in and makes
a big splash this is exactly the right
thing a leader should do they should
make it look like things are happening
fast and everything's going right and
the first week is amazing because that
makes it easy to do everything else if
the rest of the country can say wow your
first week on the job or even the first
month before you were on the job you're
already killing it then it weakens
people's
resistance because I say wow he seems to
be getting things done and people like
it I guess I'll be part of that so the
persuasive power of the fast start
strategy is amazing it's like a first
impression kind of thing that you can't
shake later so Trump is the best in the
game at this specific thing the fast
start I've never seen anybody in even
slightly even slightly in the same
category as him that he he owns us the
fast start
strategy but what he wants to do he says
is uh secure the Border uh renew the tax
Trump cuts the ones that were going to
expire and no tax on
tips but it does open the question of is
he going to put that all in one big Bill
where you have to vote for all of it or
none of it cuz then I wonder why happens
with Thomas
Massie and me who don't like the omnius
bills are they going to just shove it
all together and I don't know so I guess
that's an open
question um Pete heg Seth apparently
will have the votes hasn't happened yet
but he will have the votes to be
confirmed as Secretary of
Defense uh Majority Leader th says that
he has the vote so I'm sure he would
know so is that the Trump
effect do you think you're seeing the
Trump effect there I think so because
Heth had some
issues right he had some
accusations which by the way he didn't
you know most of them he didn't run away
from he you know he said he's got a he's
got a past he kind of owned up to it um
and he doesn't have experience running a
big
department so you you could imagine that
the Democrats would pick that one as the
one to get tough
on but it looks like at least the
Republicans are you know solidly behind
him so that's all you need so I think
the fact that that particular nomination
is going to sail right through feels
like the Trump effect that people are
just giving him a little bit of a
honeymoon saying well if Trump really
wants this guy let's let's see what
happens and by the way I don't have an
opinion positive or negative about P ath
since I don't know him personally and I
don't know of any experience as relevant
to this job except he's great with the
military and they love him um so we'll
wait and see I have no no nothing
negative to say about him he seems like
a a solid
Patriot meanwhile Justin Trudeau is
expected to resign as early as today but
maybe on Wednesday when they have some
big political meeting you might want to
get ahead of that so doesn't look like
he was forced out say the smart people
now apparently
um he's EMB battled and he's very uh his
political career is sort of in
shambles so um and Trump trump of course
made it worse by threatening a 25%
tariff which probably got the whole
country a little bit jittery but let me
ask you this do you think Trudeau would
be
resigning if not for the fact that the
Canadians are looking at Trump coming
into office seeing how happy America is
and seeing that it's basically the
opposite of what a trau would
do I think this is the Trump effect not
100% but don't you think it pushed it
over the top and made the timing
now I think he changed
Canada remember when people were arguing
hey uh threatening tariffs is a terrible
strategy
doesn't Trump understand how tariffs
work you know threatening them is bad
it's bad it never works and we would say
hold on it's a negotiating strategy just
just see it as a strategy you'll be okay
settle down and then he threatens a 25%
across the board uh tariff and next
thing you know that the leader of the
country is
resigning and he was the problem well I
mean a big part of the problem
would you agree let's see in the
comments do you agree that's the Trump
effect that you know he was he was
hurting himself in a variety of ways but
I don't think he would have he would be
resigning now except for Trump meanwhile
over in
Austria the uh Austrian president U
bellan Vander Bellon uh he has
officially asked the right-wing populist
Freedom Party of Australia of Austria
Austria to form a
government so so in Austria a right-wing
populist party is forming a
government is that the Trump
effect
probably again not
100% but is it is it the thing that made
it happen now and the thing that pushed
it over the top I think so I think
so don't know you know I wouldn't say
with certainty but looks like it
meanwhile the do Lama was asked in a big
interview was asked about immigration
now the Dal Lama of course would be like
the ultimate peace seeking character so
he's going to want peace peace peace
peace he's the dolly Lama of course he
wants you know to be kind to people and
peace and when I asked about immigration
he said uh no no on immigration uh
Europe will become like Afghanistan or
Africa and And the reporter say says uh
like my parents came to the UK from
India that's that's okay isn't it and
DOL Lama said
[Music]
no he goes no he goes England is a small
island 90% become
Indian so I think what he was saying was
no if you let everybody in India come to
England it's not going to be England
so even the Dal Lama is against
unrestricted
immigration and I asked the same
question would he have said this
before would he have said it before
Trump made it okay to say
it I don't think
so now again my bias is Kean so I don't
know what the do Lama is thinking or
what's influencing him but I don't think
I would have seen this before
it it feels like there's a a freedom of
speech and a framing of immigration
that's entirely a trump creation and the
do Lama has given something he can agree
with because Trump has caused so many
people to agree with it then now is an
ordinary
opinion I don't think the Dal Lama would
have gone
first and said you know everybody seems
to be in favor of this immigration thing
but I'd like to tell you it's a big
mistake I don't think he would have done
that I I think he can only say this and
what he's saying is just common sense
but he can only say it because Trump
made it
safe meanwhile over in CNN fared Zakaria
was saying that much better Florida is
run because he spends time in Florida
and New York State thinks New York state
is a a crooked mess and that they spend
way more money on government for not any
extra benefits and he's paying those
taxes
and he points out that Progressive
governments worldwide are in Decline and
losing
elections so um out of I think 27
countries Democratic countries maybe
five of them are now Progressive the
rest of them have
lost and so he's pointing out that the
Progressive Movement has
failed and uh even though it was big it
was ruining everything and now it's
retreating
so it seems like fared is blaming the
Democrats in America for letting the
progressives get too much
control to which there's a kind of a
question that's lingering here isn't
it how in the world could the
progressives have have had so much
control in America
unless CNN backed them and MSNBC and the
rest of the mainstream media so I feel
like the me the media is doing this
clever trick where because they're the
main brainwashers they're brainwashing
the public to think that the problem was
the
progressives oh no it wasn't let me tell
you what the problem was the problem was
that you couldn't talk against the
progressives and the News wasn't going
to talk against the progressives so they
had a a free pass four years you
couldn't say you didn't like their ideas
because you'd be a racist and you
couldn't say that the media was lying
because nobody would hear you because
the media had all the
control so I think it's uh it's accurate
and useful for for Reed Zakaria to point
out that the progressives have a
losing um history and probably a losing
future but it's a little disingenuous to
not say when you're sitting CNN saying
it the CNN's a big part of the problem
and maybe the biggest do you believe
that
progressives could have had any power if
CNN had reported on them the way they're
reporting on them more recently and I'd
say
no everything that the the bad guys are
doing is because the other bad guys in
the media said it was the best thing to
do and you should shut up and if you
complain you'll get
canceled so yes the news is trying to
blame the Democrats and the
Democrats would have a a good point if
they blamed the news
instead uh Lex fredman fredman went over
and talked to zalinski I haven't heard
the whole thing but I've seen some clips
uh it seems that zinski is very Pro
Trump so zinski saying uh quote now this
is translated but he said when I talk
about something talk about something
with Donald Trump whether we meet in
person or we just have a call all the
European leaders always ask how was
it now apparently that's not
normal that I guess if he meets with
Biden nobody asks how was it but if he
if he meets with Trump everybody's
curious and it goes on to say this shows
the influence of Donald Trump and this
is never happened before with an
American president I tell you from my
experience this also gives you
confidence
that he can stop this
war zinski is all in on
Trump is
this the Trump effect yes it is th this
one's unambiguous that's the Trump
effect Trump has already got the two
Waring sides to say we're just waiting
for you big
guy right they're they're just saying
we're just waiting for you cuz we know
you're going to wrap this up and I know
that you're going to tell both of us us
to do things we don't want to do but we
can't just do them because then we'd be
surrendering so we need you to lean on
both of us because that's what we both
need we need Trump to lean on us so that
when we say ah I definitely don't want
to make this concession but mean all
Trump's going to make me do it and then
everybody's
happy it's the Trump effect he's ending
Wars
incredible uh um and then more Trump
effect so Bill Maher has on his Club
random show so that's his his side show
not his Regular Show he had actor John
CER now John CER um is sort of
politically oriented for an actor and he
is very pro-democrat
but the clips which I believe are chosen
by Bill Maher himself or or his team is
where Bill mAh basically mocking John
CER for being in a news bubble and not
understanding anything that's really
happening just imagine that he has on a
guest who's just nothing but a you know
left-leaning super Democrat anti-trumper
and the the tenor of the conversation is
Bill Maher famous
Lefty telling another
Democrat activist that he doesn't even
understand anything otherwise he
wouldn't have that
opinion is that the Trump
effect yes it
is yes it is indirectly I mean there's
lots of things going on but that's part
of it now I would like to for the record
um I've met John
CER so when Two and a Half Men was big
thing on TV they they once had an
episode in which they mention Dilbert
the Dilbert comic so the uh the writers
and the producers um asked for
permission and uh I think I asked in
Return of course I said yes
um but I asked if my my significant
other at the time and I could attend a
recording of the show so we got to sit
in the front row and and watch them
actually do the show it was fascinating
but afterwards uh we were taken down to
meet the cast and met Charlie Sheen
and uh and then John Cryer came over and
I got to tell you John Cryer is the
nicest
guy right so we we can talk politics and
we can you know gently gently nudge him
for not having the right uh news sources
I think that's legitimate but I got to
tell you he is a really nice guy like
you meet him in person there's not
there's not a trace of Hollywood on him
somehow somehow none of that took he's
just
he just seems like I don't know where
he's from but he just seems like he came
from some Midwestern State and he's just
like really friendly so I like him so
don't throw him away you know don't
discard him because he's not watching
the right news programs he's a good
guy um at least in the brief interaction
I had he was very
generous meanwhile over on MSNBC which
is not like real news um Simone Sanders
Town end I'm sorry this was on Meet the
Press but it was MSNBC host Simone
Sanders
Townsend and uh she claimed during a
panel discussion that uh that Biden is
unequivocally more mentally fit than
Trump
um and that uh is sort of all overblown
and Biden is fine and his brain is fine
still saying that
today like like that a current
opinion okay
um uh when I re reposted it I just asked
you to look at her eyes so here's a
little thing I I like to recommend when
you know somebody is lying and you know
they know they're lying and you also
know that they know you know they're
lying when it's that clear that they're
lying watch for what their eyes do
during the
lie so if you watch it I I'll do my bad
impression of it but her eyes are sort
of you know ordinary but they're
expressive so they're moving around but
when she gets to the lie part where she
says that he's just as
cognitively good as anybody she she
certainly Narrows her eyes and says he's
uh he's really cognitively strong or
whatever word she used and you could
watch it with you could watch it with
the sound off and you could still spot
the lie you would know when it happened
just from the LI the eyes but you
wouldn't notice that unless you would
watch how she lies so her specific lie
she Narrows her eyes and otherwise her
eyes are normal so watch when you know
somebody's lying and by the way this
works in relationships as
well if you're in a relationship and
you're in the weird situation where you
know for sure that somebody's lying to
you just watch their face and the words
they choose you'll learn
something
anyway here's my uh persuasion tip next
time a Democrat says Trump is a felon
because you know that's that's also the
MSNBC thing and the CNN thing uh he's a
felon he's a felon he's the first
president who's a felon he's a felon
felon felon here is the correct answer
when he is called the
Felon next time you hear it you should
agree completely
yeah he is a felon he reminds me of
Nelson
Mandela just say that just say he
reminds me of NE Nelson Mandela don't
say he's the
same don't say that anything they did is
similar just say he reminds you of
Nelson
Mandela and then the person who you're
talking to will probably try this uh but
but Nelson Mandela was unfairly Pros
prosecuted and then you then you just
look at him and just
smile and walk
away and that's all you need Ju Just let
them do that he was unfairly prosecuted
don't even answer just
smile
because
um I think we're at the point where we
should treat the things that could have
or should have or in the past would have
some power the the fact that people
would call him a felon today it's just a
joke for the same reason that we
celebrating January 6 as a
holiday everything the Democrats said We
Now understand to be fake and backwards
and evil and
corrupt so you can't take any of this
seriously anymore and I think Trump has
you know opened up our ability to just
understand that when the news says he's
a fellow
we just laugh at it and and if you take
it seriously they're going to keep
saying it so don't take it
seriously just say yeah he reminds me of
Nelson Mandela now if you don't like
that Association because I hear some
people say but you don't know Scott
Nelson Mandela did horrible
things I don't know maybe he did maybe
he didn't but if you don't like that one
use Martin Luther
King just say yeah he reminds me of
Martin Luther King
and then when they say but but Mar
Martin Luther King was brought up on
fake
charges just
say have a nice
day because what you're trying to do is
just uh mocking them of existence and
make an association they don't like
you're not trying to be logical right
the goal is not to use your Superior
logic to show that this this case is
like the other case no just make the
association and smile because you're
happy about the association that the
Felon allowed you to see him as more
like a Gandhi more like an
MLK you know more like a Nelson Mandela
and just leave it
there all
right uh according to zeroedge Governor
Nome my California governor um he says
he's issuing an executive order
directing state agencies to look into uh
or
Ultra processed foods and related health
concerns now that sounds exactly like
what RFK Jr wants to bring to the nation
as a whole but now we see that um
California and Nome are front running it
they're they're getting ahead of
it do you think that would have happened
if Trump had not decided that RFK Jr
Democrat though he had been is the right
man to fix this problem
I don't think
so again I think this is the Trump
effect I think Nome is trying to front
run something that they had completely
ignored you know that the health impact
and he's trying to look like when he
runs for
president imagine if you
will uh how good Republicans are going
to look if RFK Jr pulls this off and he
gets the food company to start serving
us real food instead of
poison and that would be hard to compete
against because that gives that's even
deeper than your pocketbook that that
goes right down to how do you feel how's
your health are your kids thriving I
mean this is the deepest of the
deepest um persuasion if you can fix
somebody's food so that it doesn't make
them unhealthy you can't get deeper into
somebody's Soul than the
stomach so so the Republicans through
RFK Jr have the ultimate it's the
ultimate political it shouldn't be
political but it is political um winning
thing if he can pull it off and I think
he can so it just looks like nome's
trying to get ahead of the parade
because he knows he has to I don't think
this would happened otherwise it's a
trump
effect all right so a lot of people have
asked me what do I think this Tommy
Robinson situation over in the UK and
honestly hadn't really been following it
and also honestly I'm not really up on
all the details so I'm just going to
give you my general impression from
another
country my understanding is he was an
outspoken opponent of unrestricted
immigration so far I'm right right and
but what he's in jail for at the moment
is not related to just being
outspoken but rather you know maybe some
contempt of cour or some related thing
but certainly all stemming from the one
thing there's one thing which he wants
to have free speech and be able to say
you know the country is going to be
destroyed now I'm going to say it in a
way that I think you you'll find
compatible if you were
I said this in the man cave I'll try it
out here if you were to take uh a bunch
of uh Mormons and Christians and put
them in the same state how would they
get along fine fine Mormons Christians
no problem now now let's uh mix in some
Jewish Americans how do they get along
fine fine Mormons Jews Christians fine
now let's throw in some Hindus but
American you know not not in India but
but in America so now some Hindus move
in you throw them in with the the Jews
the Mormons and the Christians how do
they get along fine fine you know you
you might not know this but where I live
tons of
Indians tons of Hindus if I'm invited to
a party pretty much there's going to be
Hindu there you know you can rely on it
how do they get along perfectly
perfectly no problem at all how about uh
the atheists now throw the atheists in
there well the atheist might say you
know I'm more in favor of abortion you
know something like that but will they
get along as neighbors yeah will they
respect the same um system yes now you
can do it with ethnic
groups say uh bunch of Italians came
over earlier in the century how' that go
well a lot of discrimination you know
there lots of name calling they're like
uh Italians uh you know we're we're
Irish we can't be spending time with all
these Italians then the Germans hate the
Irish and the Irish doesn't like the
poles and and all these ethnic groups
are kind of not getting along but 100
years later we don't even think about
that stuff when was the last time you
heard somebody being mocked for being
Irish or
Italian it just isn't really even a
thing so they assimilated everybody
assimilated everybody's getting along
now what do all of those people who get
along have in
common it's not about being white
because remember I threw the the Hindus
in
there it's not about being
white and it's not about even your
ethnicity there's one thing they all
have in common that they all come from a
philosophy of getting along with other
people do the mormans want to conquer
you no they want to get
along are the Jews trying to conquer
America well some of you are going to
say yes but the answer is no the real
answer is no uh they they they all have
a
philosophy of getting
along now is that the same with
Islam well I think uh I heard today the
statistic there's something like a
quarter of Islam which is the minority
but a quarter of them worldwide are
pretty sure that Islam has to take over
everything and be in charge but here's
the good news 75% are not about that at
all 75% are just want to get along just
want to do their thing you do your thing
we won't bother you you don't bother us
great works for me but what happens if
you bring in so many
Muslims that they form like a an area in
the city and they've got sort of their
own
culture what happens with the 2575 split
do the
75 use their influence and say you guys
are you know you guys are bad for us so
you better cut it out we're going to
keep you from being extremists because
you know it's only 25% of you and and of
the 25% a much smaller number have any
interest in any violence right so it's a
very small number but put them all
together and come back in 10 years and
what's it going to look like did the did
the reasonable people talk the
unreasonable people out of their
violence well
unfortunately violence really
works meaning that if some of them are
committed to violence or death they're
eventually going to scare everybody else
into going
along So eventually if you come back
that small minority will have convinced
everybody that they should be pressing
for Sharia
law the all the groups I mentioned are
not going to do that they're happy with
the American system but the
islamists again small percentage of them
would effectively
co-opt the peaceful people in their
ranks who wouldn't want to break
ranks so given that Islam has a
conquest um philosophy or mentality
built into it that again 75% of the
people are not buying into but 25%
25% is almost enough to guarantee that
the rest will get coopted into a more
conservative extreme version of Islam
that's my take now if I say that have I
insulted any people ethnicity or
religion I don't think so I think I just
said they have a different View and if
you fast forward it there's sort of an
obvious obvious
outcome so if you if you're talking
about a system and a percentage of
people and you can predict forward that
the 25% or maybe much less um almost
certainly will Co-op the rest of them
and then it becomes a Civil War I would
say it's closer to a
guarantee because we're watching it
happen in England right so we're
watching it happen in Europe we don't
have to guess is that the way it goes
the violent
people have a lot of power just always
that way so Tommy Robinson what I
understand is saying the maybe a more
provocative version of what I just
said and I don't think anybody disagrees
with what I just said do do you is there
anybody here who disagrees that these
are not similar systems so let me say it
in the
summary you cannot
treat the immigrants who have a
philosophy of getting along
with the immigrants have who have a
philosophy of
Conquest if you treat them the same you
can't be in power um that's a problem
now did Tommy Robinson do anything I
don't know about that if I did I'd be
mad at him I don't know but I'm also not
caring because I think the Tommy
Robinson thing has everything to do with
the public saying if he can't talk we
can't talk
and we want to talk so Tommy Robinson is
nothing about Tommy Robinson that's the
first thing I learned or or it's my
opinion based on what I've looked into
if you think Tommy Robinson is about
some crime he did or didn't do I don't
know what he did or didn't do you're on
the wrong topic it's about whether
somebody can say something that's true
and obvious and really important or if
he's going to be
suppressed now why are we all talking
about Tommy Robinson more than we've
ever talked about him before in the
United States what's causing that now
you're going to say Elon Musk
right I think it's simpler I think it's
the Trump effect because the Trump
effect allows us to see this as a
essentially a kind of censorship that
will destroy the country for
sure and so we're react we're reacting
to Tommy Robinson and I see many of you
backing him want him out in jail and
it's not because of anything he did or
didn't do criminally it's about as long
as he's in
jail the Muslims are winning and there
are the few of them within the group
that want a conquest so if you want to
defend yourself against what seems like
an obvious
risk having a system come in where
Conquest is the primary element of it
for 25% or less
um you've got to be able to talk about
it and you've got to be able to offend
people when you do
it ideally you wouldn't offend anybody
but you've got to have the right to do
it otherwise you're going to be
censoring yourself to the point of being
useless so Tommy Robinson is more about
showing incredible bravery for something
of incredible importance and I believe
like um not to overuse the analogy but
like Nelson Mandela and like Trump got
lawed we are starting to see the legal
process working against them as a
plus for his message and his
authority do you think that Tommy
Robinson will someday be in charge of
Great Britain do you think he'll someday
be the Prime Minister I don't know
probably not because the the Islamic um
population is big enough to prevent it I
would think but he's got a more of a
shot than they ever had before because
going to jail being jailed unfairly and
unreasonably by your
competitors that opens people's eyes a
little bit wait a minute wait a minute
is he really in jail because of these
alleged crimes or is it really all about
just the one thing that we don't have
freedom of speech in the UK and he's
trying to he's trying to say things and
we don't like it because it'll hurt
feelings of the people trying to
Congress as well as the 75% we
not so um you were asking me for my
opinion and my opinion is that I want
Tommy Robinson freed because I want free
speech in my country I want free speech
for the people in Europe if they can get
it back I think it's too late I I think
actually Europe's largely going to just
become Islamic so uh because there's a
point of no return you know once your
population reaches a certain percentage
of the Conquering philosophy and they're
willing to die for
it you're pretty much going to go that
way we're not there but we're trying to
avoid getting
there all right um Biden there's another
story that says uh Biden is going to ban
some offshore drilling before he left
office and you probably had the same
same thought I did which is well then
trumple just reverse it because it's an
executive order and then somebody said
he can't reverse it and then I said what
do you mean he can't reverse it if it's
if it's done by executive order another
executive order can't reverse it and the
answer is maybe it can't because it
turns
out um the AP was reporting this but I
think the hill or somebody said that
um there's some kind of outer
continental shelf lands act that gives
the president the right to block
Drilling in certain areas but not the
right to reinstate
it what what how could there be an
existing act that says the president can
do a thing but not undo
it to me that sounds like Supreme
Court right if if Trump on day one
reversed it which by the way I'm not
sure we even want to we'll talk about
that but if he did reverse
it would the court say oh you can't do
it because the outer continental shelf
lands act or they going to say no
there's a reason we give presidents
broad Authority we like a strong
president and executive order is simply
how to how to interpret something you
know it's more about not changing the
law you just change how it's
interpreted do you think that Trump
could just say well I interpret this
continental shelf lands Act
as you know a political a political law
and not a functional law or something
like that now as it seems like there'd
be some argument he could make that he
could do it and just take it to the
Supreme Court if you think it's
important but here's the thing you
should know um the places that were
banned were places that nobody's doing
any exploring and was unlikely to ever
become a place they got energy so the
main places that we do the um we do the
uh offshore drilling are still
unaffected so it's not the biggest thing
in the world but since Trump said drill
drill baby drill he might want to give
the industry at least the option that so
far they've not been that interested
in Sam mman um the head of the chat GPT
open AI has a few interesting things to
say today one he said that um AGI which
is the super intelligence which is a
whole different technology than the
current AI the current AI is just
looking for patterns and it hallucinates
and it's you know there's a limit to
what I can do it's amazing but there's a
limit built in but AGI would be a
different process I don't know what it
looks like but Sam mman says in a new
blog post quote we are now confident we
know how to build it AGI that's the the
good kind of AI
um and uh
so they're ready to build it now that
would be not just
news but the biggest news in human
civilization if it's true if we really
know how to build this advanced
intelligence which nobody's done
that that's effectively a new life
form yeah the current one just looks
like a mimic so it doesn't look like I
mean to me the current version of AI
after you use it a while it doesn't
become more human it just becomes more
obvious that it's machine with a lot of
flaws so the more you use the current
version of AI the the lesses seems like
a person because it just doesn't have
the same characteristics but could they
get
AGI to be legitimately smarter now
remember my prediction that if we
invented something that was smarter than
us we would have to mechanically turn it
off when we didn't agree with it because
most of our ideas are not logical
they're emotional so we're going to turn
off any logical argument that doesn't
agree with us and we'll program it out
of it so I think AGI will be so
crippled by humans not wanting it to
change other people's minds about what's
a reasonable thing to do that I I think
we'll find a way to make it useless even
if the technology does everything they
thought it would do I think humans will
just ban it it'll just become illegal
we'll see uh the other interesting thing
is that Sam mman said that chat GPT is
currently losing money uh on their
subscriptions and he said that he's he
personally set the price of the app
because he didn't think people would use
it that much but they're using it so
much that the usage is driving their
costs up and they're losing money
currently so I I think that's a hint
that the price is going to go up but
we'll see
in other news Candace Owens
um is making some more news this
reported by shadow of Ezra I saw this on
on X so in a recent interview Candace
Owens uh said that uh that pedophiles
are intentionally placed in positions of
power um because it's easier to control
them because you can blackmail them Etc
and she further suggested here's where
it gets really interesting
uh there's not a coincidence that Justin
Trudeau Barack Obama zalinski and
Emanuel macron of France are all gay she
says this is her claim uh and she
alleged that mccrone is married to a
transgender man who molested him when he
was a
child
now I would bet against that last
part but you know anything's possible
like I guess I wouldn't be shocked
if if the most outrageous claims here
turned out to be true but uh I I don't
have you know proof of these
claims uh however what do you think of
the general
concept that we have an unusual number
of leaders who are in the
closet um or they're doing something
illegal with Children what what do you
think do you think it's a
coincidence that so many leaders appear
to be in the category black mailable and
when they're not black mailable for
sexual
reasons isn't it weird that Biden got
selected and he was so black mailable
for his overseas criminal crime family
activities and that Clinton was
President when it was so obvious that
you know he had a he had a past and
probably a
current I feel
like I do feel like the the hypothesis
that something like the Deep state is
choosing our leaders to to be able to
control them as opposed to getting good
leaders I can't rule that out because
the pattern seems so screamingly
obvious um that how do I ignore that now
on one hand you could say Well they're
men and they're powerful and wherever
you find powerful men you know there's
good chance are doing some things behind
the scenes you don't like so maybe it's
just we just find out because they're
leaders and otherwise we just don't find
out maybe but it sure looks like a
pattern um I'm not going to claim that
it's valid but I wouldn't ignore a
pattern that's that that's that
obvious I mean I think it it looks
obvious that they all look black
mailable but it could be just it could
be just a because the news to get into
stuff and makes us think that way maybe
I don't
know so Biden lost a little bit he was
asked about something he didn't like
maybe something about his age and he
said quote and this is on video this is
brand new my being the oldest president
I know more world leaders than any one
of you ever met in your whole GD life GD
filled in with the actual you know using
the lord's name and vain part
um why would he say that in
public who in the world says
that somebody with
dementia I mean
obviously isn't it super obvious that
that's just a dementia
anger who talks like
that you know how uh I compliment Trump
for his strategic cursing he doesn't use
GD
I've never heard it have you he uses the
F-word and the
sww but he uses them like you know maybe
once every now and then and then they're
perfect if he only uses it once now and
then it's just a nice nice powerful
accent that causes the news to hold
whatever point he made very strategic
and smart but here's here's Biden just
using really the most offensive um curse
you can use in America right it's the
most offensive one because there are so
many Christians who are and by the way I
I often use the same curse
word um and I and I get slapped down
every time I do it 100% of the time I
accidentally let that one fly because
I've do it I've done it on the live
streams 100% of the time the comments
turn to you know we don't like that one
that that one's a little too far because
that's not just a curse word people take
that as an insult to their
faith
so a politician using that one that's
just bad impulse control or not
understanding how anything works but
it's notable that Trump doesn't use that
one because it's a pretty common one you
know privately it's pretty common one um
in my
defense there is no defense but I'll
give you context there's no defense so
if it if it if it offends
you you have a valid feeling so I'm not
I'm not going to argue against your
feeling you if you feel it you feel it
and you're certainly certainly welcome
to express your
feelings but here's what you should know
I'm not a
Believer so if I were a Believer I think
you should be really mad at me because I
would be accepting that I was insulting
you and you know something that I
believed into
but as a non-believer these words don't
mean anything to
me there it's just a a popular couple of
swear words
so just know that um even though I agree
with you I'm trying to use a less uh so
I agree with you completely 100%
agreement just
know that if somebody doesn't use the
same vocabulary in the same way you do
it doesn't mean anything it just means
it doesn't mean anything to me but since
it means something to
you your point is 100% accurate and I
will try to
adjust all
right um and
then uh Biden was asked at the same
event if he still thinks Trump is a
threat to democracy and then Biden
Dementia or not used some clever weasel
words and he said what Trump did is a
threat to democracy so the question is
is Trump a threat to
democracy but he weasel it and said what
he did was a threat to democracy meaning
the old January 6
now that's actually closer to a fair
statement if you say Trump is a is you
know a risk to democracy that's a little
too far if you say that what he did on
January 6 was a risk the Democracy even
a lot of Republicans would say yeah that
was too far
now I don't think it was a risk to
democracy personally but it's not crazy
to say that the way he acted on January
6 was not ideal for our system that'd be
you know a reasonable diff difference of
opinion um but then Fox immediately
reported it that Biden said that Trump
is a threat to democracy and that's not
what he said so I'm calling out Fox News
for some fake news that was as obvious
obviously fake as anything could be
because they would show you the quote in
which he very carefully says that what
he did was a threat to democracy there's
no way to interpret that other than
January 6 and and then immediately the
reporter comes on and says he says
Trump's a threat to democracy that
didn't
happen that didn't happen oh I'm hearing
that um Trudeau is resigning right now
is Trudeau resigning right now as I'm
doing this
yeah
anyway so fake news
everywhere um The Washington Post is
losing star reporters and as Molly
Hemingway pointed out Ben Smith who used
to be at the New York Times but then he
founded
semor uh is writing that those leaving
the Washington Post and then they give a
name of some star reporter I don't know
um are leaving because they want to do
resistance propag against Republicans
and are worried they can't do it there
anymore this is somebody who was from
the New York
Times saying in direct language that the
people you thought were
writers at the Washington Post didn't
even see themselves as writers they saw
themselves as resistant
propagandists now that's according to
somebody who was in the same space not
the same paper but he was working at the
New York Times I feel like when he talks
about
it he knows what he's talking about
so uh I guess it's just confirming
everything we knew that the Washington
Post was a resistance propaganda Rag and
Jeff Bezos to his credit seems to be you
know putting some uh energy into making
it more of a actual newspaper or at
least pretending to be an actual
newspaper better I don't I don't know
which one he's doing but I'll tell you
what you know the the the Washington
Post was the first one that cancelled me
and the first thing I feel about that is
honestly it is a great relief that I
don't take money from my comic strip
from a fake news organization that saw
themselves as resistance
propaganda I always felt uncomfortable
about it but I'm so glad they canceled
me
now now that you know that the
Washington Post has essentially tipped
their hand as um you know even though
this is not their own word for
themselves I think Ben Smith has
probably got his finger on the pulse
there when he says they resistance
propaganda against
Republicans I think you got that right
now knowing that the Washington Post is
literally resistance propaganda against
Trump does that make you look at my
cancellation any differently given that
they were the ones who led
it no their resistance propaganda
against Trump canceling me is part
of resistance propaganda against
Trump yeah do you know that zero
Republicans canceled me none not one do
you know that not a single person has
disagreed with what I said if they've
heard it in context none not not a black
person not a white person people have
said They wish I hadn't said it they
said they said they were offended but
when they hear it in context which you
never hear in the news it's always out
of context when they hear it in context
from
me they understand it differently and
100% of people are completely aware that
a black man or woman would not have been
canceled for anything I said it was
propaganda
and resistance and I was just a
prominent voice in favor of trump and so
they just took me off the field or tried
to they tried to so that's how you
understand that better meanwhile over in
China NBC news says that um president
shei in China still says corruption is
the biggest threat to the Communist
party and there are all kinds of
examples of him removing people and uh
making big changes which he says are
aimed at reducing corruption now it's
important because she said this years
ago and has been working diligently or
or so it seems from the outside to get
rid of China corruption but now it
sounds like it just got
worse so he's been working on it for
years and it's like it sounds like it's
the worst it's ever been
and so here's the thing number one do
you believe it's the biggest risk to
China
I think it is because I don't think
they're going to die in a nuclear
Fireball um I think they'll find a way
around their crumbling economy because
they're smart and they're they're
adaptable um but if the corruption just
takes all the good stuff out of the
economy well then they might be in real
trouble and my question would be is it
possible to have a dictatorship without
corruption
and I'll go further is it possible to
have a government without massive
corruption it seems to me that America's
biggest institutions are massively
corrupted maybe in a different way
they're not all taking money I think in
I think in China is more about taking
money uh in the US you know whatever
makes our FBI act the way they are it's
not money it's some kind of brainwashing
Trump derangement
syndrome something
um so I don't think that he's able I
don't think he he will have the
capability of taking the corruption out
of China I think it's the whole system I
think the whole
system depends on the powerful and Rich
being able to abuse the system and
therefore they want to keep it if the
rich and Powerful could not abuse the
system to make a little extra money and
stay in that upper class if they
couldn't do that they might they might
be you know looking for a change of
government until they can so I don't
think he's going to fix that I think the
corruption is going to be the big
thing meanwhile according to the New
York Post Chris nei's writing that the
lgbtq community are starting to arm
themselves so far more likely they're
getting uh weapons
and uh it's because they're they're
afraid of being placed in concentration
camps by
Trump trump is literally trying to
prevent the people who would kill them
for their beliefs or their sexual
orientation he's trying to prevent
people who would do harm to them from
coming in the country and he's doing
everything he can to prevent that like
really risking his life Trump is
literally risking his
life to prevent people who would come
into the country to kill the lgbtq
community he he's
he's not even he's not even slightly
anti-lgbtq not even slightly there
there's nothing you can point to that
would give you any comfort if you had
that opinion that he was nothing and you
know there there never any examples
nobody ever says well I think he's going
to round us up and put us in camps
because of those other three things he
did no no it's not based on anything not
based on anything thing and what kind of
news are they watching uh I would guess
that 100% of the lgbtq people who bought
weapons to protect themselves against
being rounded up by the American
government I'll bet 100% of them get
their news from
MSNBC bet
100% now they might also You Know sample
some other stuff but I'll bet it's
mostly MSNBC because even if you read
only the New York Times it wouldn't tell
you to buy a gun so you can avoid being
rounded up that's kind of only on MSNBC
that's a big platform there might be
smaller ones so good job MSNBC you just
ruined the lives of the lgbtq community
who thought they were succeeding in life
and doing a great job with their overall
National brand which I always say is the
best I've ever seen the the LGBT
community if you look look at their
success in going from have to stay in
the closet to run for any office in the
country and get
elected unbelievably successful like I
am blown away by the level of bravery in
the LGBT community the level of
bravery um in every sense physical
physical economic social the level of
bravery pushing that movement is
stunning just so
impressed
um
anyway uh weo there's some uh according
to clean Technica and Zachary shayen is
writing that uh it looks like a
reinsurer has done some analysis of the
weo self-driving cars and found out that
they're way safer than human driven cars
based on the number of miles driven
already listen to these numbers the weo
driver uh the whmo you know the
self-driving car is an 88% reduction in
property damage
claims per mile driven
88% less property damage meaning running
into cars and flag poles and stuff um
the the self-driving car the wio was a
92% reduction in bodily injury claim
92% Improvement in in basically harm to
the driver
92%
um and the weo the weo car was involved
in nine property damage claims over the
period they looked at and two bodily
injury claims so it's not 100% safe but
nothing is so nine property and two
bodily injury claims over 25 million
miles drone
driven for human drivers how does that
compare to nine property damage and two
bodily uh if you if you uh control for
you know miles
driven um the total expected for the
human in the same miles driven would be
78 instead of nine claims of property
damage and 26 bodily injure claims
compared to two for the self-driving car
now I remind you that not too long ago
Elon Musk made the prediction that um
when he said it he said we're not there
yet but we're really close and he said
it will very soon be true that the
self-driving cars are way safer not just
as good but way safer than human driven
cars and we're there we are there now
this is one of the biggest days is in
the history of Tesla even though we're
talking about weo a competitor because
Tesla probably is going to have the best
self-driving car situation and it's a
major part of their business going
forward it looks
like this is a this is a turning point
um here's the bad
news it is my opinion that the way the
world works you know for example
requiring you to use a seat belt how
many of you are old enough to remember
when that wasn't required seat bels I am
I remember when they first said you have
to put it on and I remember thinking oh
my God the the government is like
overreach like they're telling me what
to put around my waist you know when I'm
on my own and you know for I don't know
maybe a year or two every single time I
put it in my seat Bel I bitched about it
even maybe mentally I'd be like the
government making me do this unnecessary
safety thing now fast forward 20 years I
can't imagine not putting a seat belt on
because it's just common sense of course
you're going to put a seat belt on of
course you are and even if you don't
want to do it for yourself don't you
have any loved ones would that would
prefer to see you survive a car crash
don't you have any respect for the the
Health Care system and other drivers on
the road food and everything else and
cost of
insurance so to me it starts as like
this huge government overreach but then
when you live with it and you get used
to it because you can get used to
anything you look back and you go how
did we ever not have seab bels and not
have them required now look at
self-driving cars if they're 10 times
safer 10 times safer you think it's not
going to be against the law for human to
drive a car in the future of course it
will it's it's guaranteed the these
numbers
guarantee that maybe not everywhere you
maybe it'll be urban areas first you
maybe just some highways at first but
eventually it would be kind of crazy to
be on the road at the same time as a
human
driver once you get to the point where
80% of the cars are
self-driving and you're in one and
you're just happily and your safe
self-driving car and then you see some
human drivers go by what what's going to
be your first reaction it's like oh
shoot look at all these human drivers I
don't feel safe
anymore right because the only person
who's going to run into you is a
human you can look at every self-driving
car and say well I mean there's some
chance we might crash but really small
but you see the human go by you're like
I don't know how drunk that guy is he
looks like he sleep I don't think he's
even paying attention how old is that
driver my god oh they're 16 just got
their license no that one's
100 we're going to talk ourselves out of
driving so
quickly it's going to happen in the
future I think it's still several
several years in the future but it's
coming there's nothing to stop it you're
driving will be illegal in populated
areas all right all right so here's some
science round it out with some science
so according to S poost Eric Dolan is
writing
um that your romantic relationships are
better if you have a a positive view of
the
world they had to do a study to find out
if you would be more romantically
attractive if you had a positive
outlook um you didn't really need to do
that you could have just asked me Scott
are are optimists better off and I'd say
what domain of Life are you talking
about and then the person would start to
answer and I'd say no I'm just kidding
you don't have to tell me what domain
you're talking about everybody who's an
optimist is better off in every
situation you could think of romance
business
everything optim optimism makes you
healthier so you don't have to study it
yes having a positive outlook does make
every single thing the person does
better on
average I I think I need to give science
my phone number so they can just call me
hey we're thinking about doing a
study I can I can add that off for you
uh also same writer Eric Dolan in cost
um says there's a new study that
challenges the Assumption about social
media's harm to mental health so they
did a study and they found out that the
people who used it more uh wasn't much
different but here's what I think they
did I think they studied the same people
and they looked at whether they had just
looked at a lot of social media or
whether they hadn't I don't know if
that's the right way to test that I'd
rather see people who just routinely and
organically use a lot of social media
and compare them to people who just
routinely and organically don't really
pay attention to it I feel like they
would be different
populations and that there' be some
population that they're worse off and
there'd be some population that's better
off for example people who have really
strong mental health and I put myself in
that
category
um I feel lucky I don't know if it's cuz
I was born before some pollutants or
what it is but um
anyway
um we have a couple other studies coming
up here the the Assumption about me
social media I think is maybe the study
is not valid because if you studied me
looking at social media where I don't
have any real mental health problems I'm
pretty sure it doesn't affect me much if
at all in fact it just makes me happy
sometimes if if it's good if I'm
watching uh kittens play with with
dogs it's not making me
unhappy but if I had poor mental health
and I also had a strategy that kept me
with poor mental health which is
spending time looking at sad things
maybe my social media would start to
become full of sad
things and then I would get sadder
because I made the mistake of thinking I
should look at sad things when I go to
social media I'm like oo kid hugging a
dog let me watch this for a while and
then next thing you know my feed is full
of kittens hugging dogs and I'm like oh
these are great I can't wait to do this
a little bit more but if you were
starting out as a negative person with a
mental health problem and you click on
the wrong
things UK Police Commissioner threatens
to extradite and jail US citizens over
online posts will come after you oh that
can't possibly be
true oh Great Britain the the UK is just
dead
they they're so
gone uh yeah try it ju just come for us
see how that works out for you nobody
will ever visit your country again nor
should
they all right um then there's another
study that interacting with your family
may boost your immune system of course
um but they talk about in the study this
is in Tech
explorist PR m
is writing and so it points out that we
know that loneliness is implicated in
heart disease and some other health
problems but if somebody is lonely and
that causes them to have more health
problems than they normally would and
let's say they they die of one what's
the cause of
death so
loneliness causes you to have poor heart
health and then you die of poor heart
health was the cause of death heart or
was the cause of death loneliness
loneliness caused the heart
problem well of course it would be you
know scored as the heart
problem um but I think if we coded it as
a loneliness death not that we'd be able
to measure that very well but if we
called it a loneliness death we would
treat it differently we we'd say oh
there's a national loneliness crisis but
if we say the people are dying of heart
disease then we say oh the lonely people
just need to try harder and get some
friends it doesn't seem important does
it but if the but if you knew that
30,000 seniors a year were dying from
loneliness I'm just making that up but I
wouldn't be
surprised then it would be like this
National thing so the way you code it as
the cause of death really makes a
difference and I think that we're
ignoring the loneliness crisis because
because it doesn't have a death rate
attached to it and that we measure to
things that we can count You Can Count
deaths can't really count loneliness as
easily so it won't ever be treated until
you can measure it in some objective way
so that's bad um then I saw the Daily
Mail is writing about mysterious fog
sweeping the US now first of all I don't
know if the fog people keep talking
about is mysterious I have not seen any
local mysterious fog but I will say
again that in the past year or so the
clouds where I live are completely
different than any time in my adult life
what is
that so where I live in California we
don't have the same weather as other
people so in the summer it would
typically be you know 100% Blue
Sky um or
in the winter maybe 100% overcast and
rainy and sometimes but not often there'
be mostly blue sky but you know a few
little patches of fluffy clouds and it
would be the same kind you'd look up and
if you saw some fluffy clouds you might
see more than one but they're all the
same type fluffy fluffy maybe there'd be
a little bit of a second kind of cloud
you know different different uh part of
the stratosphere or something but
lately if I walk out I will see every
kind of cloud at the same time and
there'll be you know contrails going
through it and I'll see wisps I'll see
I'll see rows of things I'll see things
that look like they're they're
symmetrical and I'll just look at the
sky and I'll think I did I live my whole
life and never see this
sky and it's routinely completely
different than it's looked before so
much so that i' I've been taking
pictures of it for a long time and my
pictures are just I've never seen this
before so is there something going
on well did you know that in
1950 the US Navy sprayed a massive
amount of bacteria in the air two miles
off the coast of San
Francisco this is in the daily Bale and
what they wanted to do is they they
thought that the bacteria was
harmless but they had some way of
tracking you know how far it went and
whether it got into people or something
but it killed at least one person and
hospitalized a bunch of
others but if you're wondering Scott
would our government without telling us
gas the citizens and you know use it in
fog or something use it as a way to
spread some deadly thing and the answer
is yes yes they would they did it in the
1950s what changed
nothing nothing changed that would cause
them to think differently and not do it
in in current times they would just have
to have an argument that it made sense
or an argument that it wasn't hurting
anybody so I don't think the fog story
is real I don't think there's any kind
of experimenting going on but I hate the
fact I can't rule it out can't rule it
out I hate that anyway that's all I got
for today I'm going to say hi to the
locals people just quickly because I
went too long locals people I'm coming
at you the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow same time same place and happy
January
6
e
e
e
e
e
e e