oh hey everybody wake up wake up
come on near it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams today will be an
off-the-hook episode totally off talk
because I'm gonna take calls from guests
and if you haven't noticed I've got a
few critics lately yes I do
hey Bill come watch the show it might be
a might be a lively one today now part
of the reason I'm taking questions is
because there's no news whatsoever all
the news today is just a repeat from
yesterday just if you look at the news
is you just say you see yesterday that's
about it but before we get going
I know you want to enjoy the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous if dopamine hit that makes
everything better and all you need is a
sing along sing along a copy of lager
glasses sign a challenge detector to
thermos Alaska Cantina Grail a goblet a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for simultaneous up go all
right as promised I'm gonna take some
calls any topic you like the only thing
you can't be is long-winded and boring
got it so it can be any topic but well
I'd probably stop you if it's something
x-rated but it can be any topic any
criticism it just can't be long-winded
or boring let's see we got all right
it's looking for somebody who who's
looking for a fight I'm gonna I'm gonna
prefer people who show a picture so
let's add Tucson Toussaint well that may
have worked Tucson could hear me did I
pronounce
name anywhere near correctly yes to font
that's exactly what I said perfect
alright what is your question for me I
have a question regarding because I read
your book when Bickley talked about and
and you talked about movies in your head
yes and all the movies told you that
trump was gonna come to win correct
but you recently said that the movies in
your head was we're telling you that
Kamala was gonna win but now she's on
the ropes
no the so I've made predictions based on
different strategies for predicting so
when I've used persuasion as the primary
variable when when there was something
special about the situation where that
one variable stood out which is rare
normally everything is a multi I'm
trying to keep my cables away from my
cat was going crazier normally there
would be lots of variables and you'd
have to assess them all and that's
difficult in the case of Trump running
for president his his toolbox of skills
was so extraordinary it was sort of like
watching somebody go to a stick fight
but instead of bringing a stick you
brought a flamethrower so in that very
special case it was it was a mismatch so
that's what allowed me to to call that
correctly now in the case of Kamala I
did not make any predictions based on
her persuasion because I didn't really
know what it was I hadn't really watched
her enough to know if she had any
persuasion game turns out she doesn't
she has no persuasion game one of the
worst I've ever seen in a politician I
was basing that entirely on what the
Democrats would think would be their
best chance to win which would be
somebody who who checked enough boxes
you know senator California a woman
person of color had some experience as a
senator who was young enough so it was a
demographic call which under the the
only way that I saw that that could go
wrong was one of the ways that went
wrong
so either something weird had happened
and she'd pull down to then I'd be wrong
and of course you can't predict that the
other thing that I suppose I should have
been more aware of but I didn't see
coming
you know I had a blind spot for it is I
really didn't imagine any candidate who
could be that bad it's actually it just
jumps off the page when I see her in
public
I think oh that's worse than every
person who did an interview on every
news station today every pundit every
senator every Congress person every
every non-political person who was just
a pundit a hundred percent of them do
better everytime they appear on TV then
come with us any time she appears on TV
I was a local on Twitter and I hate to
see pictures of her laughing it's so
unpresidential it's crazy
yeah and I don't know if she has any
friends or advisers who can tell her
directly
it's your cackle you got to get rid of
the cackle that doesn't work for anybody
did I ask you a question
yes thank you very much all right thank
you
yeah and we will look for another guest
and don't be afraid of being a critic
looking at your pictures looking for
whoever looks like they might be
contentious so Alexander coming at me
who apparently Alexander has left he's
left in the building let's go for
Richard Richard come at me can you hear
me don't worry yet do you have a
question for me
well I'm wondering about Adam Schiff and
here's a testimony of the other day
wouldn't that be perjury unless he like
laid out that it was priority before he
did it or after he did it even now no
because it was close enough to being
obvious parity that he'd have a defense
you know you don't really you can't
convict people I'm a ambiguous stuff you
know things like that would have to be
really really
dried and that wasn't even when I
listened to it I remember listening to
it the first time before I knew it was
parody and I even I could tell
well if he's making stuff up and then
when he got toward the end and he
explained why he was saying it was
obvious to me whose parody so if there's
somebody who's a a regular watcher who
can tell it's parody it's not a defense
that maybe somebody else couldn't so so
does that answer your question well
that's kind of the down bag that
everybody takes away though and it's
it's pretty dishonest I would think oh
no it's dishonest and it's unethical
it's very effective but it's also what
both sides are doing all the time he did
it in a particular way every time either
side makes some wild exaggerated claim
you know they're all even if they become
falsified later the claim is still out
there yeah unfortunately that you just
have to look that look at that as
persuasion but it does fall into a
protected class he is legally allowed to
do that
with no penalty whatsoever except
whatever whatever penalty voters want to
put on James but there's that yeah it's
already bad yeah all right thank you for
the question thank you take another and
by the way you can come at me don't be
shy if you get a problem with anything
I've done and I'm sure you must all
right guests can you hear me thanks Ron
what's your name
Daryl Daryl what's your question for me
Darryl well I was gonna comment on the
Adam Schiff thing also just how
effective it's gonna be as the
persuasion but the other caller covered
that and so the the two movies thing
what can we do to try to merge the two
movies because it looks like the country
is just so completely divided and living
in two different realities how what can
we do to try to bring that
more together you can't just impossible
yeah no you can't you can't bring the
bulk of the people anywhere people are
so locked into their team and because
it's a team sport the people who were
let's say the thought leaders on each
side I don't want you to change teams so
as long as your team is saying no no
don't go to that other team they're all
bad and we will mock you and the people
you love will no longer care for you if
you go over there people are locked in
there there's some few people who were
in a strange situation in the middle who
may be from whatever reason haven't
committed maybe they have a single issue
that would flip them one way or another
I mean I could think of if I thought
about it for a minute I could probably
come up with a single issue that I would
care up care about enough that it would
swing me probably pretty easily I could
do that but no it is not a reasonable
goal to try to bring it all together
into one movie and by the way it's never
been one movie there's never a bet in
time that that was true the only thing
that's different is that we can they're
both teams at this point can see it's a
different movie yeah and and remember
for those of you have been watching this
is what I predicted and would happen so
in 2015 I predicted we'd be here you
know roughly in the next few years
because of the way Trump was teaching us
about the fluidity and subjectivity of
truth now what I mean is his style was
so free willing in terms of the facts
that he completely ignored you know the
details of is this technically true and
most of you said well nobody could get
elected under those circumstances and I
said not only will he get elected but
he's gonna change how you see reality
and this too movie thing is the primary
change I think before if you'd said why
do people disagree and and fact check
beyond this use your own memory say five
years ago if the two sides disagreed
what would you have said about the other
side you'd say they're stupid they're
uneducated
they're they're selfish and they haven't
looked into it hard enough and you would
just say well there are smart people and
dumb people in the world thank God I'm
one of the smart ones meanwhile the
people you're talking about would be
having their own conversation and it
would be just like yours
well they disagree with me because
they're stupid and selfish and they
haven't looked into it right so that has
changed now and we understand that
people of similar intelligence are on
both sides it was never about
intelligence and it was never about how
much you understood or researched those
things changed nothing and you can you
can demonstrate it by watching person
after person who does the research and
you know and there are smart people on
both sides
there's just no there's no way to defend
the idea that all the smart people ended
up on one side because it's objectively
observably not true so the model that
now people have moved to is they even
smart well-educated well-informed people
can be in a bubble and they can see the
other bubble but here's the change
that's coming they couldn't see their
own bubble that's what I'm going to
change with my upcoming book loser think
so loser think is designed so that
you'll be able to see other people's
bubble pretty clearly but you were
already there you know I think most of
us could see the other people's bubble
well you can't see is your own so I'm
gonna help you see your own at the same
time you're seeing the others so you'll
see your own through the process of
seeing other people in their bubbles and
then you'll you'll learn that maybe
you're the one in the bubble on some
topics not every topic I also have a
guest recommendation okay if you could
get back Brad parse gala lon talk about
social media and what they're gonna try
to do I think that'd be really
informative further that's real good
that's real good idea oh I will add him
to my short list yeah cuz what they're
going up against Google and Facebook is
probably gonna be the biggest challenge
the talent paints gonna have yeah for
sure
all right thank you so much thank you
Scott
all right we'll take another color yeah
Brad par scale would be a great guess
with me
this is Swift yes missus Swift live
hello are you there okay I am there do
you have a question for me well yes you
did such a good job I thought with your
letter to the children regarding climate
change you know I was wondering if you
would consider doing something like that
about a talent stack for children for
example in school kids are given goals
and I encountered a kid the other day
who said well I'm not gonna do any more
because I reached my goal of doing you
no problem yeah I'm saying you need a
system to go forward not just a goal
just wondering if you could facilitate
that with a letter or an essay or
something like that well so I wrote I
wrote my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big so that
book was written for somebody who's 14
or older and it has these systems versus
goal and the talent stack and a lot more
to put it in context so it's really
written for somebody who has learned a
lot might have potential but they
haven't figured out how to have a
strategy to put together all the things
they do into something good and I know
that a few people have summarized the
book if you can believe this there's
somebody who who writes books that are a
summary of other people's books and puts
it on Amazon so if you had to read you
can find this shorter the shorter book
version and I think if you googled you
could find other people have summarized
it but you make a good point there might
be some kind of entry level right
summary of that that could go to go on
to pages and we make it digestible by
that class I'll think about that that's
actually a pretty good idea thank you
all right well your signal is breaking
up so I'm gonna go to another color so
that was an interesting idea I might I
might do that if I get a little
bandwidth as I say let's go to Hansel
Hansel can you hear me
Hansel are you there do you have I'm
good do you have a question for you
first thing yeah I like to say I'm a big
fan of your work thank you from
Singapore so how do you think the
geopolitical situation would pan out
given all these sabre-rattling by the
Democrats presently Oh which situation
in particular the current move oh well I
would you know I think the I see we lost
your connection but I'm gonna guess that
you can still hear me
or you can hear it on playback I don't I
don't think anybody thinks impeachment
is going to happen in the sense that it
would go all the way through the Senate
and the president would be removed from
office so I think most people see that
as a political effort there may be I
don't know what percentage of Democrats
are oh there you are again
Hansol like we lost the connection but
I'll give you the answer publicly here I
don't think there are too many Democrats
who think this is really a an
impeachable rises to an impeachable
situation and anything that the
president is doing but for political
reasons they want to they want to act
like it is so I think it's mostly
theater and by the way have you ever
tried calling people out for theater
I've done it and it just stops people
cold you can stop a conversation like
that when somebody has the fake outrage
online or something and suddenly say my
god
my god how could this person have
possibly said that can you believe it Oh
what words the words are hurting me with
their word Ness
oh you get that person online have you
ever just said you know your your
theatrics are noted your fake outrage is
noted I've sometimes use this your your
artificial outrage or your fake out your
phony outrage is noted when you call
somebody out for phony outrage it stops
it like that you should try it at home
and the next time you get the phony
outrage just say your phony outrage is
noted and don't don't treat it like it's
more than that because it is it's
completely phony outrage when people are
outraged on behalf of other people
they're not how raged that's theater
people are socially acting out their
outrage in a way that they think will
position them well with whoever's
watching so if you call it out as
outrageous theatre it stops it
immediately because everybody knows
that's what it is when they're doing it
so you probably have noticed or even
been disappointed that I rarely give in
to outrage the theatre we're now I'm
outraged I want people to die I mean
like I have a real outrage so for
example when I'm outraged that China is
sending us boatloads of fentanyl and
killing tens of thousands of merit of
Americans I'm not that's not pretend
outrage when you hear me say that when I
say that I want Chinese citizens dead
that's literal I want them actually not
breathing anymore
I want them executed for killing tens of
thousands of Americans so when you see
me outraged I try maybe maybe I failed
one point or another but I certainly try
to make sure that I'm not going to
pretend I'm outraged unless I want
somebody dead or you know removed from
office or something important otherwise
if it's just because somebody got upset
I'm not going to be more upset for them
than they are than they are for
themselves if if you've offended
whatever group or entity maybe you could
be offended
and maybe you have a good reason to but
I'm not going to be more offended than
you are on your behalf you know third
party offense isn't a thing so call it
out
call out the theater of outrage it stops
it immediately it's it's a good trick
all right let's take somebody else let's
go to Stefan or Stephen I can never tell
but we'll find out
Stefan or Steven are you technologically
connecting to me it doesn't look like
that's gonna happen
okay oh there we are Stephan Stephan is
a staff nurse even steven I know I do
that's cuz I have a friend named Stefan
all right anyway so can do you have a
question for you did I lose you
what bad connection Oh boom
let's try somebody else somebody has
somebody has an account name to the
Jacob wall bravery museum I'm not gonna
pick that one well that's pretty funny
I'm a super badass I'm I'm choosing
people who have actual photos for their
profile hello you sir can you hear me
caller you very well great what's your
name Thank You Sergio okay have you do
you have a question for me yes the mr.
Saab Maria and can you say that again
and what oh the word drifter drifter
drifter or grifter yes yes yeah okay so
you mentioned a few days ago that you
noticed that it was being used a like a
weapon and you saw sensibly
and you said I'm gonna deactivate the
world right and I saw that you started
using it hidden there clever you know if
you had seen that if you had been
working for Trump 2 years ago and yet
seen Sheldon used a dark and right word
what would you have done back then to
the activator
or or is that what you're going to do
now and well the the dark word is really
hard to deactivate because it's a tough
one to turn against your enemy you
notice that the fake news is something
that the president has been using quite
effectively to D legitimize his critics
both in the press and otherwise and fake
news was originally used against Trump
and Trump supporters so it was
originally used against him but he since
he has the more powerful voice he gets
all the attention he's good at branding
he just took the weapon out of their
hand and said no your fake news and I'm
gonna make that my thing about you and
he did it was one of the greatest
persuasion moves of all time he's taking
the phrase fake news snatching the gun
out of their hand turning it around and
using it effectively now you couldn't
really you couldn't really do that with
dark because dark is designed to fit a
specific candidate right there's
something about Trump that people were
worried about in general and then they
put a word to it it wouldn't have worked
as well and Hillary would need a
different word that people already were
primed to think about her but grifter is
such a
let's say such a fresh word and and it's
flexible enough that it kind of works on
everybody which is part of its power but
part of what allows you to deactivate it
is that it can be overused you know in
other words dark is something that
people on Twitter are unlikely to call
each other it was a very specific word
that kind of couldn't work for anybody
but Trump at that time whereas grifter
you can call everybody grifter
so by overusing it you can you can
essentially dilute it until it's this
homeopathic a bunch of water that means
nothing all right uh-huh thank you for
the question thank you all right I
thought I was gonna get more critics
here but I suppose that's okay if I if I
don't all right these a lot
that you could hear me Lisa do you have
a question for me I wanted to push back
a little bit and something that you said
the other day about Greta turn Berg a
criticism I hope all right go ahead so
there was a word that you had called her
and people like her they have that are
on the autism spectrum uh but you are
talking about how these kind of people
can't really lie oh they can they can't
it's just it's it's very different than
their situation was you were just gonna
fact-check me on that a lot of people
like that my family and I can tell you
that they absolutely can lie no it's
really really well but they just happen
to believe there there lies yes I that
would be a fair thing to say yes
everybody can lie I don't think you know
there probably not many exceptions to
that but the difference is that people
on the spectrum are more likely to be
socially honest because it's a little
less obvious to them that you might take
it wrong so what I'm talking about they
can't lie that's really more in this
social context but anybody could let's
say if they you know wrecked their car
and they needed to lie about it stay out
of jail or something whatever the
situation was everybody could do that
yes you're absolutely right okay good
correction that was what that was worth
saying thank you let's take uh let's
take Raoul Raoul
if you connect in a minute your
technology is working Raoul are you
there hello do you have a question from
here a little bit of a critical side
just to give you a little more of that
that perspective thank you yeah just to
help you know the conversation one thing
I'm really concerned about is what I
call conflating the bad guy
with people who what I call you know the
bad guy what
they've done that's bad a perpetrator or
whatever and with people who share the
same characteristics such as the same
nationality ethnicity or particular
characteristics such as gun owners for
nationality to be Chinese and what I
mean specifically is it if for a lot of
people as a foreigner myself and I have
my background is I'm particularly
sensitive this but as a foreigner myself
I what happens this a lot of people
don't they they don't really make it
necessarily a distinction between losing
you a connection a little bit I think
where you're going with that was we
should speak with more precision about
when we're talking about the government
of China versus the people of China the
people of China as far as I know are
awesome as far as I know I mean the
people the the Chinese citizens who
immigrated to this country you first
generation second generation while
awesome some some are members of my
family as it turns out so yes it's it is
that's a good that's a good that's a
good practice every once in a while to
step back and say you know when I'm
railing against the Chinese country
that's about the government and that's
about the government situation but the
people love them I'm always careful
about that when I talk about Iran
because the Iranian people are amazing
people and we would love to be closer to
them it would be productive and
beneficial for everybody but the
government of Iran is a problem I could
do that better when I talk about China
and you're absolutely right I think
that's a good good correction I will
take that correction and I will look for
opportunities to make sure that I'm
clear about that
I think that's a fair statement all
right let's go to dan dan just jumped in
here he's ready to go
dan dan dan can you hear me Dan hi
thanks for taking my call what's your
question Dan well I don't know if you
remember I asked if I you give me 90
seconds and I could change your mind and
I didn't but that's okay i you're very
influential and I appreciate all your
work and I just wanted to know if you
made any decision on changing your mind
on support of the death penalty why
would I change my mind
what nothing's changed since I made my
mind up but the reason I ask is because
I noticed that your statement basically
is if you support the death penalty if
found guilty and no but um let me that's
not exactly my view so if you're going
to go to criticize that you need to stop
and let me give you my view and then see
if you still criticize it okay okay sure
yeah the only cases that I would be in
favor of the death penalty right would
be if the crime is somewhat horrific and
I'm not going to stop to you know
identify the dividing line between what
is horrific enough but let's just say
conceptually something horrific enough
for example if you were a major offense
and all dealer and responsible for you
know a dozen deaths that would that
would be the death sentence in my mind
that would be horrific enough as just
just as one example but here's the thing
in order for a death penalty to be
effective this is my own personal view
you should need something that would
guarantee the person was at least
present at the at the time of the crime
like a DNA as opposed as opposed to a an
eyewitness that's unreliable so if you
can't place the person scientifically
with let's say a video a picture DNA a
fingerprint then I would not be in favor
of it even if they got a conviction
because that would leave a little bit
too much doubt in my mind that you got
an innocent person I would never ever
support the death penalty based on an
eyewitness account alone or plus you
know eyewitness plus some
you know trivial information is
supported it so given that distinction
there you'd have to know the perpetrator
was in the room at the time of the crime
and connected to it go ahead go ahead
do you so that's fine but if you're
aware the amount of people that are
actually put to death by the state that
are actually found innocent afterwards
so even the people that are being
released
even today can read articles about
people being released and the mind being
police putting thoughts and into
witnesses heads and yeah that's why my
my rule is to work against that because
the the odds of somebody being convicted
for a murder and they were in the room
coincidentally but they weren't the
murderer that's pretty low so yes that's
not really the argument though is the if
found guilty part I mean there's clearly
innocent people being put to death right
that's why that's why my rule that you
have to have some scientific way to
place them pretty sure that close to
maybe a hundred percent of the people
wrongly convicted to die was based on
eyewitness testimony what do you say and
no well yeah but in competent legal
system lawyers who are on or incompetent
bad policemen I mean there's a lot about
you yeah you need all that but it's
actually happened I don't believe I
don't believe there's any case where
they had somebody's DNA at the murder
scene of the of the can they accused I
don't believe we've ever had somebody
who had their DNA found at the murder
scene and then later was found to be
innocent
I believe that situation I was like
sounds like we're on the same same side
there thanks to a question that was one
of those cases where we're on the same
side by acting like we weren't I gave in
those situations a lot where people
imagine they're disagree
with me but they're not so let's see if
amber has something trying to mix up the
gender selection but I've got more men
than women listening to this amber can
you hear me do you have a question from
the amber actually I want to sneak too
and if I can the first one is a personal
thing I was really intrigued by your
description of coffee after you've got
your sense of smell back and I I've
wondered about in particular what it was
like to get your head shaved by
Christina after you had your sense of
smell back or if there was any other
incident that was particularly
interesting yeah so when I got my sense
of smell back after a decade or so of
not having smell or taste that that
happened recently if anybody's just
joining us it was at first overwhelming
and I'm not sure that my sense of smell
came back in let's say in as a whole or
if it kind of came back in parts or
something because for the first several
days everything's smelled flowery and
perfumey to the point where was
grotesque yeah like there was just so
much smell and then and then it started
to settle down a little bit which is
what I expected I expected that my brain
had not been used to filtering these new
inputs and it took a while to take the
you know the avalanche of you know
smells that were coming at me and my
brain presumably this is just an
assumption needs to know how to filter
it to keep it from intruding on my
thoughts all the time you know it's sort
of sort of just you know filters it down
until I'm just smelling things that I
care about or that are different or or
you know something that might be
dangerous I suppose so
I'm achieving I'm a little closer to
that but my sense of smell is crazy now
you know I'm like my ability to pick up
a smell when I enter the room I can
enter a big room and go and I can see a
like a little bottle or something
in the corner and I know exactly what's
in it it's like it's crazy no I don't
know this is the last yeah what was the
second question well the second one was
I saw an article from American Thinker
about Hillary did you see that one I did
not oh well it was kind of interesting
because it was talking about how she
seems like she's getting back into her
fighting sort of image and that she
seems like she might try to get back in
the race once Biden gets booted out so
it's just I didn't put a lot of stake in
it but I just thought it was interesting
to think about yeah there's one new way
that she would find her way back in no I
I think that the odds of Hillary giving
in are zero but Hillary being smart and
Hillary apparently liking the the
limelight and she apparently enjoys the
speaking and the writing of the books
and the attention and the interviews and
stuff I assume she wouldn't be doing it
unless you liked it there's something in
it for so it's sort of a perfect
situation do you remember in the last
election when Mark Cuban uh sort of
publicly flirted with the idea of
running for president yeah I said at the
time that it was a brilliant thing to do
because it put him in the conversation
as president so even if he decided not
to do anything which he that's what he
decided at least that cycle we all
started thinking thinking of him as a
legitimate political candidate because
we'd been talking about it so I always
said it was brilliant to make the
country talk about it even with no maybe
not to a serious consideration of
running that time because it sets him up
that if he ever decides to run in the
future
well the public's already primed they've
already had the conversation about him
and he hasn't worn a sound by actually
running for office yet so it's kind of
brilliant and the way are you trying to
say that it's just not ever gonna happen
or do you think it's that she would
never really try like I think there's no
chance she'll try my take on it is
she knows that if she didn't start early
and put her best effort into it and line
up all of her advisors and everything it
wasn't going to happen and I think she
knows the country's a little bit
exhausted with her but it's still very
smart for her to make us talk about it
because they're talking about it is what
gets her and her speaking fees up but
what's what makes you want to buy a book
all right thank you for that we're
moving on and next caller is I'm gonna
pick temperature let's see how closely
I came to pronouncing that name right
temperature come at us will your
technology work yeah it's spinning and
it's doing nothing if it doesn't do
anything we'll we'll try something else
okay that one went away let's try a slow
night slow night hello night slow night
can you hear me I can hear you what's
your question for me today so it's a
two-part question Scott okay on one hand
what do you think is the most efficient
way to elect a president and the second
part is being that a lot of people don't
have knowledge of sufficient knowledge
of politics
why should they even be allowed to vote
okay the most efficient way to vote I
would think would be some system where
you could vote with your electronic
device your phone your laptop or
whatever but here's the key there while
you're voting a video a live video is
taking of you voting your face and your
fingers touching the things that you
wanted to touch and maybe giving you
some kind of receipt and then also maybe
giving you some way to electronically
check later to see that your vote was
recorded the way you the way you did it
so you could have some kind of a
password fingerprint system or something
so that you as an individual could check
after the votes have been counted
to make sure the the database that has
your vote you know you'd have some kind
of a connection to it you can see it got
recorded and recorded correctly now as
long as every person who votes has a
video of their device of their actual
face in there in the in the motion of
voting they can always check themselves
to see their video was correct and
anybody who ever wanted to check the
validity of a vote could check against
their ID for example and against the
actual video and they could look at the
ID and look at the video and say this
isn't the same person and and maybe your
your device is giving you a location at
the time of your vote so let's say if
you're not if you're not within the
voting polling range that you would have
walked to maybe it doesn't count unless
you say you're an absentee were
something so in other words there
probably is an electronic system there
would be way better than what we're
doing like way way better because right
now you saw in Project Veritas I think
it was James O'Keefe on the last
election he walked into a polling place
without his ID and they said sure you
can vote but you don't need any ID like
that actually happened you could
completely eliminate that with an
electronic one that there anybody could
go check now your second part of the
question was remind me the second part
oh we lost them can somebody remind me
the second part of that question it was
and make the voting better efficient I
was a good question - can somebody
remind me in the comments all right well
maybe if let's see if he came back if he
did I might have to ask him back in
pom-pom pom-pom problem we lost the
connection to badges darn it that was a
good I remember it was a good question I
was going to do the first one so I could
get to the second but let's think
another one Nancy can you hear me
coming at you
Nancy you don't sound like it Nancy hey
sure I kind of I'm in my 50s and like
the last few years I kind of hit the
wall and I mean you know I know
everyone's different and I'm just trying
to figure out a way of you know he said
you hit the wood you hit the wall in
your a career you mean or in your life
enough physically Oh energy wise yeah
well I was sweet we've got a bad
connection here so I'm gonna try to
answer your question without hearing all
the details if you don't mind so my book
had a failed almost everything and still
win dig I talk about systems for your
for your diet and sleeping and fitness
my observation is that when you're young
you don't need to do anything special
you've got more energy than you actually
need but when you get older right you
know you need to do just about
everything right and by everything I
mean you really need to take care of
sleeping and having a system for sleep
for example I'll just give you a sense
of it part of my system is I always get
up around the same time real early and I
always try to go to bed around the same
time don't ever do the well it's the
weekend so I'll stay up till 3 a.m.
because I can sorry my cats getting in
the way here so you need a system you
need a room that's completely dark you
need a you need to not do other things
in there besides romantic things plus
sleeping because otherwise you associate
those things with your bed you don't
want to associate your bed with reading
and watching movies and stuff because
then that's that's why your body gets
used to and it keeps you awake instead
of going to sleep so they're a whole
they're a whole bunch of things you know
you could just google how to get better
sleep but likewise you need to make sure
that you're not eating too many carbs
the other day just as an example I had
some french fries for lunch which I
would normally just never do and it
ruined the rest of my day now once you
start noticing that if you eat the wrong
foods for lunch the rest of your day is
toast it takes you a long time to
realize that that's not a coincidence
and there probably wouldn't even be
noticed if you were if you were 19 you
probably wouldn't even notice the
difference but in my current age if I
eat french fries for lunch I'm done
doing everything for the rest of the
afternoon if I don't take a nap my whole
days go on and so look for that
correlation between bad carbs and you
know sugary things and simple carbs and
your energy and then the other thing is
work on your fitness because if you I
would say it once you reach a certain
age and maybe you're there already it's
better to do something every day than it
is to push yourself to whatever your
physical limit is so I no longer
exercise to the point of exhaustion I
exercise to give myself energy and
vitality make all of my you know my body
work just the way it's supposed to get
you know get the the fitness sort of
flow going so that your body is used to
processing at a higher level and so I
would say it's a combination of probably
five or six different things and then
here's my super secret trick for keeping
your energy up for you ready yeah
you should have something in your life
that you look forward to so that when
you wake up and you know if you like
most people I don't know must be a while
just say myself when I first wake up I
don't know who I am like literally the
first second I don't know who I am and
then it comes to me uh on this guy it
was a cartoonist I live in a certain
place I have the certain life and you
know what the next second it comes to me
but somewhere around the third or fourth
sentence or third or fourth second of
waking up I think about what I should be
doing that day and I like to have at
least one of those things that's
exciting even if it's unlikely which is
the key so I always have a few things
going on in my life and always have
in every age well with a lot of things I
want to do I have it's like my ambition
I have all that and it's just like it's
it's harder to activate that oh okay
then you need my new book looser
thinking I'm going to give you a preview
so you have exactly the problem I've got
a chapter on and here's the trick it's a
it's a hypnosis trick you ready so I'm
not going to hypnotize you I'm just
gonna tell you something that a
hypnotist knows if you could get
somebody to do something small such as
tell them that their pinky is moving you
know they feel a pinky twitch then you
can get them to think that their hand is
moving and there's light and that's
floating so the hypnotist will start
with the smallest thing that's true
they might say your eyes are blinking
because your eyes usually blink they
might say you feel a little something in
your your hand because just the
suggestion makes you think I think I
feel a little something I don't know
what it is so they start with a smallest
thing and then your body can be easily
coaxed into bigger things including
getting up and doing something right you
can do that with yourself when you are
locked what I call couch lock sort of a
STONER term but when you just on the
couch you like yeah there are 10 things
I need to do I can't do anything here's
the trick you ready
I talked to your pinky literally say to
your pinky twitch and then move it then
say the rest of your fingers wiggle then
say to your hand
move your arm and then stand up and as
stupid as that sounds watch how well it
works you can take yourself off the
couch in five seconds when before you
were just locked in because your brain
was saying I want to I don't know why
I'm not because you actually don't know
why you're not you can't even answer to
the question to yourself right I want to
get up I want to do these things I have
this list of things to do but I noticed
that I'm not why am I not move your
pinky move your hand move your arm stand
up and then ask yourself what's the
smallest thing you can do toward one of
those goals really small
say yourself okay I can't do the whole
goal it's too big and I don't have that
much time but I could look something up
and write down a phone number so that
when I do have time I can call that
phone number if yes that makes sense in
your process or I can do a little
research or I can set up a time to have
lunch with somebody smallest smallest
thing you're willing to do what you'll
find is that bond a to you'll do a
second small thing and you'll say I've
done two things by the time you've done
four or five things you start feeling
the feedback mechanism you feel hey I'm
a guy who did five things toward my goal
and it felt pretty good
I actually feel some satisfaction and
then it becomes self-sustaining after a
while occasionally you'll have to go
back to moving the pinky and to move
yourself back in it but always always
take the big thing that's stunning you
into inaction and shrink it down into
its smallest micro step
it's the micro step that works
I always have probably 20 different
projects going in any time because I
like to stay busy but most of the time I
can only do a micro step with each one
once in a while and when I have that
chance I'll take the micro step so for
example I have a bunch of things I need
to fix in my house you know just reach
that age so I've got I couldn't think of
all the things I had to fix it was too
big so I said okay I'm gonna buy some
note cards the next time I'm in CVS so I
buy some note cards actually I think I
just ordered them from Amazon because it
was even easier take my phone out give
me no cards and they arrive and Mail
next day I take my note cards and I open
them up and I say you know what I need
to do with these note cards I wish I had
a pen right next to the note cards so I
get a pen a sharpie and I put it next to
the note cards and that was it that was
my work for the day was taking a Sharpie
from from the place it was moving across
the room and putting it next to the the
note cards that's how small a step I'm
taking next time I'm out there I see the
pen and I see the note cards and I think
of a task
and go uh I'm gonna write down to a task
on one note card and then I'll put one
task on each note card and that's it
I wrote down two tasks and I did
something else all right so you see how
small the tasks can be all right I think
that's the answer the question let's
take another caller here
[Music]
let's take Ken Ken's got his hoodie on
there in the picture looking dangerous
with his beard in his hoodie ken are you
there hey do you have a question for me
[Music]
do I believe in climate change well I
would not put it in those terms of
belief here's what I would say what we
know is that many scientists believe
it's well well we know is that the basic
chemistry is probably true in the sense
that there there's some elements of
climate change which are more credible
than others so the more credible part is
that they probably have the physics and
the chemistry about right what is less
credible is the economic projections
that tell you how much you should care
about it those seem unlikely to be true
but and this is the coolest thing about
climate change it doesn't matter because
what you should be doing is exactly the
same whether climate change is real or
not which is getting aggressive with
nuclear getting staying aggressive with
green technology until we can get that
as right as possible you know some would
argue green isn't as green as it should
be
but everything gets better over time so
I think we should be pushing on every
door all the time especially nuclear
because even if there's no climate
change risk if you're in that camp it
doesn't matter you still need lots of
energy and you want clean air and you
don't want to be burning coal and you'd
rather have clean electricity so nuclear
is the answer no matter what so from a
risk management perspective you can
actually say it doesn't matter because
we should be pushed
as hard as we can on everyone in these
technologies and you have the the free
market is working on I think there at
least half a dozen companies probably
probably 25 I just don't know about them
that are working on various carbon
capture technologies now before somebody
jumps in and says the plants the carbon
you can't take the co2 out of the air
because it's Plateau before you say that
let me say that I have confidence in
humanity that we would unplug the carbon
capture machines if we started taking
too much I think we catch it in time so
the the market is basically taking care
of the problem and even if you were to
take the worst-case scenario by the UN
the official the most official estimates
is that they would in decrease our GDP
by ten percent in 80 years which we
wouldn't even notice because by then our
GDP would be if things are just normal
if we just go into the future in any way
that is recognizably similar to anything
that's ever happened in the past our
economy will be about five times bigger
than so we'll lose ten percent off of
what it could have been but you won't
even notice so we'll have so many
resources we'll have robots that can
relocate buildings from from the beach
we'll have desalinization that can suck
the ocean water out and put it somewhere
else I mean what we'll have so much but
what's that about the threat of climate
change for 50 years well the government
depends who you're talking about there
when you talk about climate change
there's no such thing as the government
there's just lots of government entities
with different opinions and some of them
have been that it's going to be too cold
and some that it's too warm I don't
subscribe to the theory that because
they've been wrong 50 years in a row
which i think is roughly true climate
predictions have been wrong 50 years in
a row I don't subscribe to the fact that
therefore it's wrong now unfortunately
that doesn't follow because there are
plenty of examples in history
where something wasn't true until it was
we went thousands of years of history
where people tried to have human flight
you know putting wings on themselves and
various contraptions and it never worked
until it did and then one day it worked
fusion is likely to be like that we may
go a hundred years without developing a
fusion energy reactor but then we
probably will the smart people say that
it's down to an engineering solution not
even a science solution excuse me
um so that's my general answer is that
you don't need to solve for whether it's
true or false climate change because all
of the solutions are identical either
way thank you for the question
all right let's go to Pablo Pablo are
you there
I can what's your question this may be a
suggestion on your topic when you talk
about gun control and I don't I don't
disagree with most of what you say I
just I like the line of thinking and I
kind of wanted to tap on to it or tagged
on to the end of it
now I one of the places I disagree is in
digging into the actual statistics of
how these things are happening because
if you really want to solve the the I
guess get the number down like you
usually kind of address it as far as
getting the number of deaths down then I
think I I think it's important to dive
in there and find you know particularly
solutions to each kind of problem
because sayin a killed Rijn accidentally
you know discharging firearms that's
going to have a different solution than
you know gang violence in Chicago right
I really like to find intriguing but I
like to kind of go in that direction
yeah yeah you make a good point it's
it's not there is no one change to the
law unless they took all your guns which
is really practical there's no one
change to the law that fixes all those
completely different problems like you
said that's problem with a kid getting a
hold of a gun versus a criminal versus
anything else so yeah you have to you
have to chip away at all of those things
so I think in the case of the children
getting a gun well there should be
you know gun locks and gun safes and
stuff like that but yeah that's a good
point
we we should not treat it like it's one
solution that could fix everything all
right thank you thank you let's say
Carlos Carlos are you there
Carlos can you hear me all right Carlos
disappeared a little shy guest syndrome
there
let's try Matt Matt Matt Matt I'm good
you have a question for me
professor Richard Miller Berkley he's a
physics professor very pro-nuclear
okay you've heard of him but no very
probe nuclear for a long time there's a
vein solutions for like disposing of the
waste so okay that was just a suggestion
for what a guest I guess okay all right
you had a question sorry do you think
Trump is purposely not talking about so
during the general election when asked
why aren't we doing something about
climate change he can just go I've been
trying to fix it for four years what
you've been doing well I'll tell you
what I know I know that within the White
House and certainly within the
administration people are pro-nuclear
and I know that Rick Perry and the is a
the Department of Energy is that the
official name but he's funded through
the Department of Energy new testing
facilities for nuclear fuels and some I
think he's also funding some carbon
capture technologies etc so within the
administration they are actually doing
what look like exactly the right things
I don't know if they're doing enough of
it or
or it's big enough but they're certainly
doing the right things that that's
unambiguously true so Rick Perry's sort
of nailing it over there
it's it's funny the because Trump is
president he gets all the attention but
he's got some some cabinet type people
who are really killing it Rick Perry is
one and Health and Human Services
there's another that are just really
knocking the ball out of the park lately
they should get more attention well
Justin's out there maybe not getting a
lot more inches what's allowing them to
do so well because no one's yelling that
than we're saying there this that or the
other yeah yeah maybe maybe their lack
of attention just was helping him that's
true all right so now the question is
why Trump is he's I know he's mentioned
nuclear but it seems like it's always at
the sort of the end of a long paragraph
yeah a nuclear power
that's your impression of a - right yeah
he here's here's my hypothesis because
I'd been puzzled by it myself because
the day that Trump says out loud nuclear
energy is the right answer
with or without climate risk if he says
a sentence like that the election is
actually over let me say that as clearly
as possible
if Trump ever comes out and says in
clear language you know the climate risk
is something that people will always
disagree with but the one thing that
what the Democrats and the Republicans
at least the ones who have looked into
it because Cory Booker yang Biden
they're all pro-nuclear a lot of a lot
of folks are pro-nuclear Gates Bill
Gates's so Trump could say the one thing
that we know is the smart thing to do no
matter how big the risk is is we should
be as as aggressive with nuclear as we
possibly can and look we've already
started in the Department of Energy
we've done these things it's the way to
go will you join me and it'll take care
of my problem which is keeping the
economy running keeping energy costs low
which may which is basically a raise for
everybody if you lower energy costs
every every low income person
Reyes does they know quality of living
increase quality of living right so if
the president came out and said look I'm
gonna build you a world with the best
technology the current generations of
nuclear power have never had a problem
we do know how to figure out how to at a
store waste and process at etc and we
can get better at it as well join me in
solving all of our problems you know I'd
like the economy to be humming I'd like
the low-income people to get a raise
what you'd like to have enough energy
I want clean air I want clean water and
nuclear gives me all those things if
you're concerned also about climate risk
I can solve that for you without even
paying attention to it in other words
having a robust nuclear program is sort
of the only way you can solve climate
risk if you believe that's a real risk
yeah so but yeah let me let me just
finish the thought I don't believe that
President Trump feel and this is just
speculation I can't read his mind right
I don't believe he feels comfortable
about the topic meaning that the it took
me a long time to be able to summarize
that complicated topic the way I just
did so I can say because I've looked
into it enough you know and Mark Snyder
and Michael Shellenberger have helped me
a lot to understand that there are
different generations of nuclear the old
stuff was dangerous but we don't make
that anymore the new stuff has never had
a problem and the newer stuff the
generation for stuff that's coming
online can't even meltdown if it tried
if they design it the way they're
they're hoping to they're they're hoping
to designer so that if there's a problem
the new generation will just stop
working they won't melt down because
they can't it won't be the design won't
allow that to happen
SS 2g yeah okay so for liquid sodium I
think right so but but you're giving
that's a good example of why I would
imagine any politician and Trump in
particular we're talking about would not
feel comfortable talking about it
because the last thing he wants to do is
be up
there and say yeah I'm all pro-nuclear
and then have somebody ask the question
what about s tu G or whatever you just
said and then have them say I I don't
even know what that is because remember
then this topic is really complicated
and it's really hard to boil it down to
the old old technology was bad
current technology has never had a
problem future technology can't have a
problem because it will be built so you
just couldn't even have a problem and
that we're really close to that and
that's not even fusion that's just
generation four so if you add that to
the fact that there's no other source of
carbon free clean energy that's even
competitive when nuclear and the fact
that it's very complementary with wind
and solar because it fills in the gaps
etcetera it's I believe the president
could get to a point where he could
simplify nuclear down to build the wall
now he might have to oversimplify it in
the way that build the wall is a is a
gross oversimplification of what
immigration requires but it might be
what sells it so the trick would be how
do how to make president Trump
comfortable speaking on the topic in a
way that he can shrink the complexity
down to you know a visual slogan or
something that he can sell and still not
get kneecapped or court off guard that
somebody's got a clever question that
you can't handle so it's sort of a sort
of ik I can see why he wouldn't want to
venture into it because it's gonna scare
some people and it comes from him and my
sound extra scary etc but if you
imagined
if you imagined Bill Gates meeting with
Trump talking about and by the way this
would save that here's a suggestion for
saving the world you ready uh-huh
I don't believe or at least I've never
heard of this happening there Bill Gates
has ever had a meeting with President
Trump while he's president to talk about
nuclear power
I don't believe they've ever met to talk
about that subject I'm sure they've met
at some point in the past so if they did
that would give Trump all of the let's
say intellectual curve
he would need to go full throated
pro-nuclear the moment he does it he
wins re-election and I wouldn't say that
about any other topic there's there's no
other button that says Stark as this one
because it takes climate change off the
table and it's sort of all they got
right
yeah because because they're only scary
thing is climate change and you can't
win without scaring the other team so if
you're not if you take the scare away
they're they're disarmed and the
president could do that but he's got to
bring in either a Michael Shellenberger
or he's got to bring in a bill gayde
ideally both of them and and then use
that meeting publicize the meeting and
then after the meeting do a statement
Bill Gates is standing next to you and
you say I just met with Bill Gates I got
to say he's very persuasive bill tell us
what we talked about I tell the people
would then Bill Gates gets up there and
goes well you know and says essentially
what I said which is nuclear is the only
way forward and it's the new stuff
that'll bring us there and then the
president says you know Bill Gates Bill
Gates says this is a way to go
and Bill would you agree with me that
you should do this no matter what you
think about climate change and then Bill
Gates says absolutely because he would
because nuclear czar right the solution
either way at that point the election is
over the election is over it's over
because if you take climate change off
the table but at least in the sense of
having the only legitimate plan so what
happens but it happens by the way that
happens to match yang and cory booker's
plan and even Biden's plan a little bit
that's it that's the end of the
conversation the the election is over if
trump meets with gate with Bill Gates
and they do a joint statement that's
that's the end of the conversation you
wouldn't even have to wonder at that
point all right did that issue a
question yesterday thank you so much
thank you good one
all right let's take another one it's
interesting that Bill Gates literally
could save the planet
if
if climate change is the risk that
people say Bill Gates could save the
planet
hello caller can you hear me hello do
you have a question for me well like to
say thank you so much for doing these
periscopes and I get and I think all
most people do get a total charge out of
your day'll impression and wondering has
and I'm not trying to put more work on
your plate but I'm wondering have you
ever considered doing a political
cartoon using Dale as the character
because I know you don't do commentary
is through Dilbert but it's just so
effective amplifying and highlighting
how we're rational the far left can be
and I think you bring a lot of credit
bill obviously you bring a lot of
credibility to the argument because you
claim you're even more far less than
Bernie yeah
well I've thought about political
cartooning of course because you know
I'm a professional cartoonist and you
can't not think about all the ways that
you could be a cartoonist but I find
political cartooning sort of too
simplistic you know you work all day to
make one point that people were already
thinking which is what makes a political
cartoon work you're just amplifying what
people are already thinking if it was
something that they weren't thinking and
it was outside of what they would like
to think or might think it just doesn't
work so political cartooning is as a
creative endeavor it's too small whereas
when I do this you can see that we could
just go everywhere to conversation it's
just such a hoot and the Pope was very
good - well thank you very much they're
the recurring characters I appreciate
that thank you
all right let's take another call
Jonathan looks like he's full of vim I
don't know if him is but Jonathan are
you there I said I said you're full of
vim and then I don't even know what vim
is it's like vim and vigor but I think
it's a good thing it looks it looks like
you're lively for me so I have a common
end question so literally rewatching a
You Tube periscope of yours I was
compelled to make coffee to participate
in a simultaneous sip with coffee I
didn't even want to make thought about
not being persuaded by you the more
determined I became to make that pot of
coffee you're not alone I'm sorry about
that now for you know full disclosure I
think everybody who watches these note
you know that I'm a trained hypnotist
and I write about persuasion right and
it's no surprise nobody should be
surprised that the simultaneous sip is
overtly I'm not trying to hide anything
it's it's meant to have an influence on
you and to develop a habit which you
would find pleasurable now part of the
problem is that your brain is saying I
don't want to do this but the other part
of your brain is saying if I do I might
enjoy it more because that's how I've
you know I developed a habit then I just
feel like I'd enjoy it a little bit more
with coffee now it turns out that coffee
increases your mood so you're you're
improving your mood at the same time
you're watching my show and then those
two things get paired so one of the
basics of persuasion is pairing things
so any good feeling you pair it with
whatever you want somebody to feel good
about and they the feelings conflate so
I am and I hope it's obvious everybody
so that nobody feels like they're being
manipulated or tricked because I'm doing
it as visibly as possible associating
you know the goodness of coffee along
with some feeling of camaraderie one of
the things about periscope that's
different from any other medium is that
this is
personal and mass broadcast at the same
time I don't know that anything has ever
been like this before because I'm mass
broadcasting but yet this feels like a
one-on-one conversation like literally
right now but all the time because I'm
looking at real people's comments and
I'm thinking about real people I'm
feeling your feedback in real time I'm
responding and to the feedback in real
time it's it's like this connected
entity and I try to do my part which is
to make it pleasurable and enjoyable and
make sure you get something out of it
and so the coffee association creates
this little habit there should and not
just shut it obviously is working
overtime with reinforcement and the
reinforcement is what makes it powerful
you'll feel a sense of connection to the
other people you'll feel a sense of
completing a task
maybe it's like hey I did my my SEP and
you'll you'll feel the little rush of
that the beverage gives you even if
you're drinking another beverage you
like so it should over time have exactly
the effect that you described for
something like you know a third of the
people you know they're always going to
be other people who are just dipping in
and out people who have never had the
first sip of coffee etc but for about a
third I would predict would have a
pretty strong attraction to having the
simultaneous scent so thanks for coming
oh well and to be fair I only
participate about 50% of the sips that's
that I do have a question so Mark Cuban
did mogul support at Wired and answered
questions over the Internet and his last
comment was responding to yang running
asking him to run for president
so Cuban yang 2024 what's your take well
I don't see Cuban getting into it this
time because twenty four twenty twenty
four twenty twenty four yang Cuban
probably would be impossible to beat I
would agree I they've already got my
mood
yeah and and here's the thing it's not
entirely clear to me that they would
even be obviously Democrat or obviously
Republican I feel as if they're carving
out a new category of pragmatism you
know nobody's tried that as weird as
that sounds no nobody's tried pragmatism
meaning if there's a science to it to
follow the science if there's no science
to it see if you can find the science
and if you can't do the science maybe
you can test it in a small way test it
so if you put a putting a yang and and a
Cuban together and by the way do we
assume that Cuban would be present in
this arrangement or you assuming yang
okay all right good okay we're on the
same page Cuban would be far far more
likely to be the you know the the
president candidate of those two
I for one would be really really
interested in a pragmatic set of
candidates and I wouldn't really even
care which party they ran in as long as
they as long as they were let's say
intellectually and otherwise committed
to following the facts and and testing
and educating the public and you know
maybe testing something small you know
they're just a rational set of ways to
move forward that would look really
really appealing to me I gotta say that
would be really appealing because we
don't have anything like that and and
it's because we don't really have the
you know the personnel in place they
could pull that off
could could Mark Cuban and yang pull off
a the first rational administration I
think they could I think they could
they're both special personalities you
know you don't get you don't get a Mark
Cuban every day right you don't get a
Trump every day you don't get a Andrew
yang every day there they are special
characters and I think that they could
have a special role 2024's could be
interesting and if mer cuban decides
to run in 2024 I'd hate to be running
against them I'll tell you that so
that's all for now and I'm gonna end it
here and I will talk to you all later
thanks for joining me