pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hello Savannah Allen welcome
grab your coffee let's put a dent in the
universe says Chris agreed let's just
whack that universe art put a big old
dent in it
well we're gonna have some fun today
hello Germany hello everybody
something tells me we're gonna get a big
crowd in here today I just have a
feeling nothing attracts a crowd more
than people thinking that they're gonna
grind me in the dirt are we're gonna get
this guy we think he said or thought or
did something that we don't like get him
get him well let's see if that happens
today but first first let us enjoy hey
dr. drew let us enjoy the simultaneous
up raise your cup your mug your thermos
your glass your container your stein
whatever it is filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous set now you
might be aware of a little a little item
in the news that teaches us everything
we need to know about the universe all
right so the item is that Virginia
Governor or is a West Virginia
Virginia's governor was on video talking
about a law that's been struck down and
abortion law that's been struck down
when I saw the video I tweeted that it
was fake news and then the universe
opened up on me and started to pee on my
head and they said Scott you are always
so right about things about man or you
were wrong about this one you are so
wrong and then of course the governor's
office clarified that
I was right it was fake news but then
what did people say did they say well
you're right damn it you're right that
he didn't say what he meant to say and
that he clarified it later you called
that exactly did people say that to me
no they didn't I think they accused me
of being a baby killer mostly so let me
give you some context here and people
are saying it wasn't fake so so to those
of you who are saying it wasn't fake
we're gonna talk about what I meant and
and what you are what you're
experiencing all right so here are
several rules that I want you to keep in
mind for how to look at any situation
all right
rule number one and there's a there's a
name for this it's named after a person
I forget the person but the idea is that
when you are the one in the news if you
were the subject of the news in other
words if there's an article or a story
about you personally you get to see how
wrong the news is in a way that other
people don't so in other words when I
see a story written about me I know what
the fake parts are because it's about me
but you can't tell as far as you can
tell it all looks real so when you're
the subject of a story you can see how
amazingly unreal they are so it changes
your perspective about how real other
stories are so if you see other people's
stories you're automatically on alert if
you've been the subject of your own
stories alright so the first rule is if
you if you see a story about a famous
person a governor a cartoonist a
president there's a good chance maybe
you 60% that the story is misleading and
of context or just wrong right
most of you are the gell-mann effect
thank you yes the gell-mann effect he's
the one who came up with it so I use a
physicist I believe and when he saw
stories about physics because that was
the one thing he understood he could
tell that the news was often wrong
because that just happened to be one
thing he understood so well there you
could tell so rule number one about 60%
of everything you see in the news about
a person and their thoughts and their
thoughts is wrong let me give you an
example so here's somebody replying to
my comments yesterday so this this is
just a fresh tweet and this gentleman
who may be on the periscope right now
said to me because I have no idea why
you're willing to apply charitable
intentions in this case that didn't
happen I did not apply any charitable
intentions in fact I thought everybody
in this case need you know it's probably
worthy of criticism for one thing or
another so there were no charitable
intentions but this person sees them
clearly in other words he's imagining he
can read my mind because I never said
anything like I have charitable
intentions that was just a
misinterpretation so and then all
morning in all last night I was reading
comments to my comment that it was fake
news and he almost universally people
were complaining about something they
imagined I thought or they imagined I
said almost nobody was actually
criticizing me for something I actually
said and actually believed now actually
said in this context means interpreted
correctly so let's get to the the
situation itself so Virginia had this
proposed law which apparently was a
terrible law so terrible it's already
been rejected so rule number one of this
conversation we all agree it was a bad
law right okay we all agree it was a bad
law is there any is there anybody here
who thought that was a good law we're
all in the same side right right if
anybody here thinks that was a good law
just say so are we in a hundred percent
agreement that the law was a bad law
we're all on the same side right
now even though we're all on the same
side that the law was bad watch how
people imagine I'm thinking otherwise
and start criticizing me and it's even
gonna happen in the in the feed here
you're gonna watch people say why are
you defending this I'm not as far as I
can tell we all think it was a bad law
here's the fake part when the video of
the governor speaking first dropped and
I'm gonna I'm gonna read it to you so
the key part here here's the key part
this is what the governor said he's been
described as a moderate and he said
about this talking about what what types
of situations this wooden incorporate or
encapsulated I guess or include he said
quote it's done in cases where there may
be severe deformities there may be a
fetus that is non viable so in this
particular example if a mother is in
labor I can tell you exactly what would
happen the infant would be delivered the
infant would be kept comfortable so far
so good
the infant would be resuscitated so far
so good
if that's what the mother and family
desire what now it's giving a little
sketchy and that a discussion would
ensue between the physicians and the
mother and then here on fire
. wait a minute did this governor just
say did this governor just say in the
clearest possible terms that they would
deliver a healthy baby and then decide
whether they would kill it
that's fake news all right it's fake
news that they were deciding that they
would kill a healthy baby after delivery
so that's the fake news part and that's
the part that of course was clarified so
was I correct that it was fake news well
it wasn't fake news in the sense that he
said those words because I was on video
it was fake in the way that people
interpreted it they interpreted it as
him saying that you'd have a perfectly
fine baby and then for any reason to
whatsoever if the mother said yeah let's
kill it the doctor would say okay well
that's the law if you'd like to kill
this perfectly healthy baby I'll do that
for you now
twenty percent of you watching this just
mistakenly thought I came out in favor
of killing babies so let me stop again
because this is one of those topics
where we're misinterpreting is the norm
I'm not in favor of killing any babies
I'm not in favor of killing healthy ones
I'm not in favor of killing unhealthy
ones I'm not in favor of killing babies
under any under any condition all right
so don't confuse my talking about how
clear the video was and how clear the
message was I get to get rid of you for
being in so whoever accuses me of being
an apologist is not listening closely
enough so I'm just blocking those people
all right so I'm talking about the
clarity of the message I'm not talking
and now talking about the proposed bill
which we all agree was bad right nobody
here wants to kill a baby we're all the
same side right but watch how even
though we're all on the same side nobody
wants to kill a baby nobody thought that
would belong was good wall to the same
sides and at the same point people are
gonna say damn it Scott I disagree with
you while agreeing with you completely
alright now was the bill poorly written
apparently yes and and the the insane
part of the bill as it's been reported
and I'm not sure this is as accurate as
it could be but if this is true it's
just crazy that one of the reasons that
the the a healthy baby could be
terminated as if it was causing the
mother mental problems after birth after
it was born you know if the bill said
something like that of course nobody's
in favor of that but
specific case let me just say what the
governor was saying and this is not me
agreeing with him this is not me
defending him this is not me being an
apologist I'm just talking about the
message and how clear it was it seemed
clear to me when I saw the video that
the governor was talking about a
situation in which the the baby was born
technically alive but could not have
survived and the question then becomes
more of a hospice situation you know
what Hospice is right Hospice is when
let's say there's an elderly person
they've only got maybe a week to live
and at that point the people in charge
if the if the person is no longer let's
say clear thinking maybe there's a
relative who gets to decide based on the
directions that have been left you know
the directive can they can they stop
feeding them and stop stop trying to
keep them alive so the context here was
sort of a hospice social situation for a
newborn so that's that was the context
so the question was should you do heroic
things to keep a baby alive for another
few hours or not now most of you would
be correct in saying this baby this bill
is not written with the kind of
precision that you can even you could
ever agree with it right even people who
were pro-abortion
would disagree with this bill the way
it's written because it's not it just
doesn't have the kinds of protections
that any of us would want so the
governor's context which to me seemed
completely clear was that you're not
talking about a baby that could have
lived and had a you know normal life and
that the doctor would have to be
agreeing now that's essentially what
what they clarified after the fact right
so the governor's office issued a
clarification which was largely what I
said but I
better anything yeah the the part about
the mental health of the mother that's
just a that's just a part of the bill
that nobody could agree with and so it's
a good thing that got killed but that's
not what the governor was saying the
governor was not talking about the
context of the the mother's mental
health the government was talking about
specifically a baby that was not viable
meaning it wasn't going to live under
any assumptions right now how many of
you how many of you in the comments
believe that the government the governor
was saying in that video that a live
healthy baby could still be terminated
for a reason how many of you believe
that because that's what the news that's
the way it was presented on the internet
let's say so the way people received it
was the fake news a little bit more than
the news itself which was the video how
many of you believe that right on the
internet a lot of people believed it so
here's the here's the clarification
we're once again we're all on the same
side it was a bad bill we're all on the
same side you don't kill a healthy baby
we're all we're all on the same side
that if the baby could live it was some
kind of a some kind of a life nobody
wants to you know to take away that
possibility so we're all the same side
I'm just saying that the way you
received his specific message was
inaccurate and then later he clarified
it you can still hate the bill we're not
arguing about that all right
it's probably impossible to even make
the point I'm making without people
hearing it as a completely different
point since somebody's saying nice try
say it's impossible to actually even
have this conversation now here's some
of the some of the other things to learn
from this so we all experience the yani
and laurel illusion right so we all saw
that we can look at exactly the same
thing and have a different a different
impression of what happened
we've all watched the Trump presidency
and again we've seen that we can all
look at the same news and have
completely different impressions of what
we saw and then we saw the and then we
saw the covington situation in which
people like me said well my eyes can't
lie to me I'm looking at something right
on video I'm definitely not wrong about
that and then you see the context and
you say whoops totally wrong about that
and so I immediately immediately
clarified and apologized now I think you
know that I have no compunction no
embarrassment whatsoever about
apologizing what I'm wrong but here's
here's the thing to learn from this the
people who were most angry with me said
it can't be fake news and I can't be
fooled by this because I'm looking at it
with my own eyes I'm seeing the entire
clip I'm not just looking at a little
clip I'm seeing the entire context I'm
hearing it clearly this could not be
more clear how is this fake news if you
think that you have not learned the
lessons of last few years the last few
years should have taught you that no
matter how clear this looks it could
still be completely wrong so if you
haven't if you haven't at least allowed
for the possibility that no matter how
obvious and clear this looks it could
not be that it could be something
different you have to at least allow
that that's possible if you don't allow
that you've learned nothing in the last
few years all right which doesn't mean
doesn't mean my interpretation was the
right one I'm just saying that you have
to allow that or you've learned nothing
so here's another rule this is the Scott
Alexander rule I've talked about this a
few times if you see if you see in the
news something that's so outrageous you
seems unbelievable and then it becomes
headline news chances are and when I say
chances are probably a 90% plus
it's not true keep this rule in mind all
the time when you see a news story that
by its nature is so outrageous if you
think my god how could it be true that
we're contemplating killing a live baby
after birth the answer is usually that
it's not true so you should have seen
this video and as clear as it was to you
the the most rational thing to say was
yeah this very clearly this governor is
saying in the clearest possible terms
that they can kill a live baby after
birth because it did look like that the
way he said it was terribly muddled
right so no matter how clear that was
you still should have said to yourself
that's so outrageous there's a 90%
chance of fake now suppose you go into
the future and it turns out it was
completely real well that would be the
exception but your first instinct should
have been there's a 90% chance it's not
what you think it is and sure enough the
and sure enough the a lot of people were
calling me arrogant on this point no I
want to talk about that in a minute
so you should have had much less
confidence in your opinion even though
you saw the entire context on video
right in front of your eyes and even
though it looked to you very clear right
so here's the other here are the other
hints they should not have been so
confident about your first impression
people like me saw exactly what you saw
and didn't see what you saw I was
looking at exactly the same video the
whole video and I didn't see what you
saw so here's another rule the
hallucinations are usually positive
meaning that if you and I are standing
in a room and there's nothing else in
the room and you say do you see that
elephant and I say what elephant and you
say the elephant right in front of you
this elephant right in front of you do
you see it and I say no I do not see an
elephant there if that's the only thing
you knew about the story one person saw
it
one person did not and let's say it's
you know there's no forest involved
you're in a small room and the elephant
was either in there or not
who is usually right who is usually
right the person who doesn't see the
elephant is usually right and the reason
is that a hallucination is usually
adding something to a situation
hallucination is rarely subtracting
something so if you and I looked at the
same video and you saw a guy saying that
he was in favor of killing live babies
for whatever reason after they're born
you know as long as you don't want them
if that's what you saw but there's
anybody else who saw the same video and
said no that looks like it's out of
context he's just talking about a
hospice situation where you know you're
deciding whether to try to keep alive a
baby that was born alive but can't
possibly live for you know much longer
all right always go with the person who
doesn't see it doesn't mean you'd be
right every time but the bad bet was
that this story was true just the way
you originally thought it that was the
bad bet it is still true and tried to
hold these thoughts in your head it
could still be true that you
misinterpreted the video well it's also
true that the bill was so bad that it
did allow bad things to happen if it had
been enacted exactly the way it had been
contemplated all right so people are
saying to me Scott you're being arrogant
I'm arrogant and talking down to people
let me I have to look up the definition
of arrogant before I govern that all
right a definition of arrogant and by
the way I'm not saying that I'm not
arrogant
exaggerating were disposed to exaggerate
one's own worth okay I don't think I've
done that have I I mean no more than
anybody on television is trying to say
that their opinions are good ones
so doesn't put that one ones own Worth
or importance now I mean I'm a person
that you come to watch on a regular
basis to give my opinions so if I give
my opinions that's just sort of what I
do right that's not exaggerating my
importance in an overbearing manner
alright or having an offensive attitude
of superiority offensive is one of those
things that you can't argue with so I
will agree I will agree that if it seems
offensive to you since that's subjective
you know it's I don't really control I
can't control how you feel so if you
feel it's offensive that would fit the
definition of of arrogant so I would
have to agree with you on that and then
showing an offensive attitude of
superiority all right the topic that
we're talking about which is persuasion
and and had it had a view reality the
reason that you come here is because you
think I have something to add that's the
whole reason anybody is here if you
didn't think I had something to add you
know within this field nobody would be
listening so how could I hide my feeling
of superiority what would that even mean
you know should I do you think these do
you think coffee with Scott Adams would
be better if I didn't act like I
believed anything I said I kind of have
to believe what I'm saying or the whole
thing doesn't work right now my
suspicion is that a lot of people got
got caught with the fake news and and
they don't like it all right
so yeah I can't make a generalization
about every every person who's
commenting but for some of you you got
caught in the fake news you really
believed that there was a law saying
that you could kill a perfectly healthy
baby just because you know and then once
you found out that it was a much more
limited thing still something you hated
still something that needed to be
defeated but not quite what you thought
it was and and and you're sort of taking
that down on me a little bit which is
okay all right so I will acknowledge
that if you felt offended by my air of
superiority on this narrow point of fake
news which I happen to be fairly
qualified to speak about but if you were
offended then it would be fair for you
to say that my attitude was arrogant
because it meets the definition alright
let's talk about climate splaining how
many of you have first of all Perl
probably every person here understands I
hope by now that today's weather doesn't
say anything about whether climate
change is is a problem or not right can
we agree everybody here that 100% of us
understand that today's weather no
matter how cold or warm it is doesn't
tell you anything about the long-term
climate implications right at the same
time at the same time we're all
explaining that to each other
haven't you seen is it my imagination or
do I explain this to people about five
times a week and then people explain it
back to me like I've never heard it it's
the damndest thing are you all
experience is the same thing if you're
having the same conversations are you
experiencing the same thing where where
you'll say to somebody you know don't
make a big thing about this weather
whether it's hot or cold because that's
just weather that's not the climate and
then two days later somebody will
explain that same thing to you like you
didn't just explain it to them
like I'm having this weird situation so
the president of course made things
worse with his tweet about global
whamming or warming I guess it was a
typo in there and he of course mocked
the climate alarmists
because it's unusually cold and where's
my where's where's my climate stuff now
here's the thing we don't know what the
president is thinking just in general e
should always say you don't really know
what people are thinking we know what he
did we know that he sent a tweet that
anybody who understands the topic would
know was ridiculous right so it's
ridiculous to say that the weather today
tells you something about the climate it
is not ridiculous to use it in a
persuasive humorous way which is how I
interpreted it that he was trying to
persuade because and here's the here's
the fun part because the other side is
making the same stupid argument correct
me if I'm wrong but when we had all the
forest fires in Northern California
wasn't the news telling us that that was
strong evidence of global warming right
when we had the lot of hurricanes not
this year but the year before wasn't
wasn't the news telling us that that was
probably because of global warming none
of those things are true those are just
things that might be as a bad year for
hurricanes but that's all you could
really say about them so both sides are
trying to have it both ways
both sides of the climate debate are
trying to claim the anecdotal stuff
things were seeing today are actually
solid evidence of their point of view
mmm it's not true either way so we're
explaining to each other that that
weather and climate aren't the same even
though I think everybody understands
that all right let's talk about
President Trump
I guess he tweeted some negative things
about his Intel heads and so he he had
some disagreement with Dan Coates in
particular I guess Dan Coates said
something along the lines of to Congress
he said it's unlikely that North Korea
will ever give up their nukes so that so
dan coates what's his job ahead of I
don't some top Intel guy I forget the
exact title said it's unlikely that
North Korea will give up its nukes he
should be fired for that dan coates
should be fired for saying that
absolutely you should be fired now the
president had every right to tear him a
new a-hole in public for saying that
because we're still in a negotiation
what's the worst thing you can say if
you're in a negotiation the very very
very worst thing they're probably a lot
of bad things you can say when you're in
a negotiation but the worst thing you
can say is we don't expect to get the
thing that we're asking for there's
nothing worse than that because what did
North Korea say when they saw that the
head of the Intel said they're never
going to give up their nukes if they're
smart and I believe they are North Korea
said oh they don't even expect us to
give up our nukes why should we even try
why would we even put that on the table
they're not even expecting it
dan coates should have been fired for
saying that in public now more
importantly as I'm saying in the
comments you're prompting me more
importantly it's a mind-reading opinion
the worst of the worst the fact is we
don't know if he was sticking with the
facts he would have said we're asking
North Korea to give up this stuff the
history history suggests this is going
to be a tough fight we don't know how
this will
and well we're definitely going to push
Lord as hard as we can those would just
be facts right facts are fine if dan
coates had said facts that disagreed
with the president I would say no no I'd
rather see the facts the exception would
be if there's some persuasion kind of
thing that's that's important so Kim
jong-un has generals to say similar
things because they're on the North
Korean side yes maybe you're agreeing
with me I may have misinterpreted that
here's another one they were I guess the
Intel Chiefs I forget which one was
disagreeing with Trump that Isis is
beaten disagreeing with Trump the ISIS
is beaten whoever said that should be
fired tell me why in the comments
whoever whoever disagreed with the
president and said that Isis is not
beaten
whatever beaten means everybody agrees
that it's a it's a permanent problem but
whoever said Isis is not beaten should
be fired why here's why here's why do
you know what's good for recruiting to
say that they're they might win to say
that they have a chance do you know
what's bad for Isis recruiting they're
so beaten down there's nothing left them
yeah there's remnants but basically
they're beaten the smart way to play
this is to say they're beaten while
acknowledging that it's a permanent
ongoing smaller problem the last thing
you want to do is to say that the
biggest military in the world has been
fighting them for however many years and
they're not beaten you need to get fired
for that stuff that's like one of the
biggest mistakes you could ever say in
public those are terrible now what was
the other thing something
better ran above and so the president
also was trying to keep maximum pressure
on Iran by saying that there you know a
maximum problem how is our negotiation
helped by the Intel people acting like
Iran isn't that big of a problem
compared to what the president is saying
you should get fired for that you should
be fired for disagreeing with the
negotiating position of the
commander-in-chief you should give fired
for that weird word all the comments go
all right so given that the Intel Chiefs
made some of the biggest mistakes I've I
can't even conceive of in public
was it acceptable or problem or is it a
problem that the president called the
mail fairly immediately and in public
was it a problem to me and not a problem
to me
I love the transparency the transparency
is part of what we like about this
president that's what it's a feature
it's not a bug if somebody makes those
that kind of mistake I mean these are
monumental mistakes these are the kind
of mistakes that cause Wars and this is
a war sized set of mistakes by his Intel
chips yes he should call them out yes
you should do it in public in public
absolutely in public yes it should be
immediate and yes you should tweet it
so absolutely he should have called them
out for that he should have embarrassed
them in public and he should make sure
that nobody is dumb enough to do it
again all right I don't even think he
was hard enough on him I think those
were firing the firing mistakes all
right let's talk about Howard Schultz
so I've been getting to watch a little
bit more of Howard Schultz doing
interviews so he's doing the tour and
he's selling a book he's doing a great
job to selling his book I'll bet because
he's getting all kinds of attention and
I'm starting to form an opinion about
him that I didn't have before so here's
my opinion number one in a normal world
where we didn't have these these weird
parties you know the Republicans and the
Democrats were not you know worlds apart
in a normal world he'd be a pretty solid
candidate he he has charisma he's got
the look he's he's tall he's got good
hair he's got a good back story
he got health care and and in college
benefits for his employees long before
before that was popular or even
practical his story is great seems
totally qualified and he's he's moderate
in that middle area where it's easy to
imagine he could even get crossover
votes so in a normal world he would be a
really strong candidate really strong I
have to say but there is no home for him
in the Democratic Party and never will
be because he is a white male right so
yeah he's a white male and he looks sort
of traditionally like you know the white
male CEO the white male you know good
hair candidate sort of thing so I don't
think there's any chance that he could
ever be the standard-bearer for the
Democrats and of course he's too liberal
to to be with the Republicans and but
what's interesting is we're seeing him
frame the Democrats as being crazy which
is actually quite a public service it's
I would consider this a legitimate
public service that he's coming out as
you know more liberal than not kind of a
person he would say centrist and and
he's calling out the side that people
associate him with even if he doesn't
associate himself with it calling them
out for their math not working now at
the same time apparently Bloomberg has
done the same thing
so Bloomberg who I have a sort of a
love/hate feeling about there there are
things that Bloomberg likes that that I
probably don't like so in terms of
policies I don't I wouldn't say I would
agree with him on and everything but I
gotta say that plucky little Bloomberg
guy he does he does seem honest in terms
of you know his public stuff he does
seem sincere he does seem capable he
does seem to have a control of the
issues there's a lot to like about him
all right except these policies are not
the ones you want which of course
matters but in terms of a candidate as
an individual it's got a lot going for
him I don't think he can win but what
would happen I'm just gonna throw this
out there what would happen if Bloomberg
and Howard Schultz decided to run as you
know president vice-president package as
as independence as independence they'd
be a pretty strong package and but the
you know the way the media is organized
nobody can win outside of the the major
parties at this point because they don't
have a they don't have a media platform
to support him yeah yes white male
Bloomberg also could not be candidate on
the Democrat side he doesn't have the
doesn't have the required skill which is
to be not a white male so I've told you
how when I watch the news I have a
different experience than many of you do
which is which is that quite often
you're just watching the news whereas I
become the news have you noticed that
there are there are cases where I think
I'm just watching the news and talking
about it but then I become the news
because the news is about had the news
is covered so with that Covington
Catholic school thing being one of the
first people to reverse courses I became
part of the national news because they
were making news about people who change
that are their opinion of it when they
saw the full video and I was one of the
first Politico did an article yesterday
in which they were talking about how
there were prominent Trump supporters
who were noticing that a OC had the same
skill set as Trump lately I've been
calling her a blue Trump blue for
Democrat and Trump for her skill set as
a persuader
and sure enough Politico has now made
the aoc story partly about me so I
mentioned in the story prominently as as
one of the people would called that her
skill set for persuasion Mike Serna
 in there
Steve been and I think is mentioned and
yeah they always lumped me with what
they consider alright but other people
do not consider alright so what we're
all mislabeled in this now somebody says
really don't see it yeah so I will just
say it's weird to watch the news and
then be absorbed into it and then when
I'm watching the news the news is partly
about me which is weird
somebody says that's not a good group
bait over Trump never happened yeah bado
won't be the candidate for president you
don't have to worry about that mega hat
attack I don't know what that's about
it's not weird it's false modesty
because I love the attention I didn't
say I didn't love the attention
oh my god if anybody loves attention
it's me the one the one thing I'll never
say is that I don't I don't like
attention if you ever hear me say I
don't like attention
you should just never watch me again
because then you would know I'm a liar
we'll talk about a hoaxed on another
another thing I want to I want to finish
it before I talk about it
somebody's asking for another
simultaneous sip and here we go so
there's a story about some actor from
Empire whose name I can't remember
Smollett I guess he is reportedly is he
does he does he self-identify his gay
that's what somebody saying well let's
let's say he does and there's some
question about whether he was really
attacked by somebody wearing a
hat and apparently it's hard to confirm
that it happened I would say I'm gonna
put this in the category of things that
it's sort of a wait-and-see you know it
probably they're just things we'll never
know about what happened there I'm not
sure we'll ever have an answer so it's
hard to have an opinion about that
oh the stone read yeah you know a lot
has been said about the Roger stone raid
and I don't think that I don't think
that I would have anything to add to
that I'm doing I think we all have the
same impression which is why in the
world would you need to raid a guy who
of course says he knows he's been the
subject of investigation if there were
if there were any evidence laying around
he certainly would have gotten
but more importantly as somebody joked I
wish I could give credit but somebody
joked recently if you wanted to catch
Roger stone all you had to do is say CNN
wants to talk to you and he would come
running out of his house and that's
completely true right if you wanted to
catch Roger stone just say hey we got an
interview on the front lawn once you
come out here and then then put the
handcuffs on them so one has to ask what
was the purpose what was the purpose of
the the major raid and I want to suggest
that there's a reason that has not been
considered and the reason that hasn't
been considered is there's a reason that
we just don't know what it is one of the
things I'm writing about my new book
which you'll see in a few months is that
sometimes we we draw conclusions based
on our own lack of imagination so if you
say to me Scott
imagine all the reasons that you can
think of that the FBI would have such a
show of force to pick up Roger stone
when all of us believe we can't think of
any reason that would be necessary
unless they were just you know being
being jerks or they were overreaching or
or something like that
yeah or maybe they were sending a
message somebody says etc now maybe
maybe maybe those are the reasons but
did they do they pass the sniff test
do you think there was somebody at the
FBI who said this will be a good look
for us I think this will be good for the
FBI if we send way too many people to
pick up Roger stone I don't quite get
how they thought that was the way to go
so here's what I'm going to suggest by
far the most likely explanation of why
they sent so many people to pick him up
and in such a dramatic fashion was that
there's something
we don't know now I know you don't like
to hear that because you like to think
you've seen it all but by far the most
likely explanation this is some day you
know maybe it's the head of the FBI will
say okay what we didn't tell you is that
we had this other concern and there was
a reason we did it the way we did it or
they might say it was simply let me give
you a I'll just brainstorm here alright
so this is just brainstorming imagine
that they decided to pick them up and
originally they're just go send three or
four people and if you saw three or four
people show up you'd say oh that looks
about right three or four people you
know wouldn't that feel about right to
you and let's say the words got out the
three or four people we're gonna go do
this job is it possible that other
people said well maybe we'll be back up
for you just just in case and then maybe
you just sort of drifted into too many
people showed up and then they all had
to act like they were doing something so
they all stood around looking menacing
and it was just way too many people so
it's possible that the FBI is like any
big organization where you call a
meeting and you say alright I've invited
six people and and twelve people show up
have you ever been in a business meeting
where you're sure that only six people
were invited but you sit down and there
are 12 people there because each of them
invited two other people
all right so it's possible that there's
just nothing to it there was just a big
administrative situation where just too
many people showed up yeah now I'm not
saying that that's likely I'm saying
that you always have to assume that when
you have these hard-to-explain
situations that maybe just maybe the
explanation is something you don't know
something you haven't considered
so keep that in mind that's why I don't
have a firm opinion about whether this
was the worst thing in the world or
or just some weird mistake that the FBI
did they wanted to be there for historic
mm-hmm yeah it's entirely possible that
people in the FBI just wanted to be
there because it was gonna be a good
show you know just wanted to be part of
history that's possible and and then
maybe nobody stopped them yeah okay well
you're here anyway
that's not how law enforcement works
yeah I'm not suggesting that that what
I'm brainstorming with no thought
whatsoever is what actually happened I'm
just saying that in general you can't
always know all the things that went
into these into the back backstory razor
carefully planned people don't show up
well you called it a raid what if it was
never arraigned what if it was always
for people who were gonna knock on the
door and the other FBI agents in the
neighborhood knew that was going to
happen maybe maybe maybe the FBI heard
that the well how about this what if the
FBI heard that CNN had cameras there if
you heard the CNN had cameras would you
bring extra people just to make sure
that the media was controlled away from
the away from the working situation I
think you would right if you knew that
there was a camera crew outside of Roger
Stone's home would you bring more FBI
agents or fewer
I think you'd bring more because you'd
have an extra population to control so
consider all the possibilities but I
think we can we're all on firm ground
and saying we do need an explanation I
think the public needs an explanation
but don't assume it's going to be some
some evil intention
it could be just don't know
Star Trek STD are you watching is
anybody watching the new Star Trek
on CBS I it got bad reviews but I think
it's the best one actually
I love the new Star Trek all right
that's all for now I'll talk to you
later bye