boom boom boom Joanne you are always so
quick on the button I can always count
on you to be in the top 1 I feel like I
have a sneeze coming on I thought I'd
broadcast that in advance
hello I'm sure you enjoy that you know
you come here for the quality
entertainment the sneezing the idea is
the coffee and you know what it's time
for now yes you do you do know you know
it's time for the simultaneous it raise
your Stein your glass your mug your cup
your glass your container fill it with
your favorite beverage I like coffee and
join me for the simultaneous it so I
hope I let's talk about queue so I
mentioned the other day that a queue
seemed to have disappeared and then you
came back and said something like hey go
vote and then people said haha I told
you queue is still around
never mind that Q's predictions have
been thoroughly debunked and we don't
care about that but he's still tweeting
important messages such as go vote so I
guess you showed me all right the news
is getting funnier and funnier so let's
I'm sorry what are your comments made me
laugh so let's talk about punchy Baldwin
we already had punchy Biden you know Joe
Biden wanted to punch the president
behind the bleachers and we've got
punchy De Niro De Niro wants to punch
the president and now we've got punchy
Baldwin who hates the president and did
not say he wanted to punch him as far as
I know he probably did privately but he
got arrested for punching somebody who
took his parking space
now I because it's so close to midterms
everything has a different meaning you
know there's a bigger frame on
everything and when I what I saw that I
thought to myself
did somebody frame him yeah was there
somebody who tried to get in a fight
with Alec Baldwin a few days before the
midterm because if if there were no like
dark operatives on the Republican side
who thought of that I'm disappointed
because as a dirty trick it would have
been tremendous it would be terrible to
do to him I'm not recommending it but
I'm saying that if it had been a dirty
trick and somebody just sort of you know
go dude Alec Baldwin into punching him
but that would be one of the most
diabolical I'm not approving it I'm not
approving that kind of behavior but if
somebody did that it would be a really
clever and evil at the same time so I'm
not going to ignore the evil part but it
would be awfully clever if they did that
because it seems to me that the timing
is insanely positive for the president
to watch somebody who's literally an
icon for being an anti-trump er and
what's the main thing that they're
complaining to about Trump that he's
sort of too violent you know he's too
dangerous sounding and then his main
critic gets arrested for punching a guy
in the street it couldn't be better
timing
it couldn't be a more perfectly packaged
you know that message about the I don't
know the hypocrisy of the of the other
side so I I do not I genuinely do not do
not enjoy that anything bad happened to
anybody
I don't like to see anybody get punched
I don't like to see anybody to go to
jail or get arrested so I'm not happy
about any event but it's hard to miss
the entertainment value at the same time
if I'm being honest if I'm being honest
there's a high entertainment factor even
though we don't wish everybody bad now I
tweeted an article from CNN this morning
that was perhaps one of the funniest
things you will ever see and I don't
know if it's just because the midterms
are closed again everything's taking on
a new meaning lately but the article was
a written by woman who has a book out
something about sexual politics but she
recommended and I'm not making this up
it's gonna sound like I made this up but
check my timeline you'll see I just
tweeted it this morning so it was a
female author who suggests that perhaps
women should boycott sex until the
midterms with the idea that they'll
influence men to vote their way and I'm
thinking to myself how out of ammunition
do you need to be before you run an
article suggesting that the blue wave
should turn into a blue ballz wave so I
don't know exactly how many people there
are who are Democrats who are women who
are have boyfriends or husbands for
Republicans and that they might be able
to flip them Democrat
by not having sex with them now I'm I
don't know how typical I am as a male I
really don't know but if I had to
propose a candidate for worst idea I've
ever heard
it might be that one it might be that
one so on the Republican side you've got
strong border security you know high
high economic results you know maybe
some good stuff happening with North
Korea although the Roy's they're always
giving us some concern over there but on
the the Democrat side what they've got
is everybody's Hitler and let's stop
having sex with each other
just on the Democrat side because there
aren't that many Democrats were living
with the Republicans are there it feels
like that's sort of a something their
own team is worried about so that is
pretty much out of ammo now the other
thing that's curious and funny about the
midterms approaching is have you noticed
that all arguments have devolved into
who hates Hitler the most have you
noticed that and as I wrote in the title
to this periscope that the thing that's
dividing the country is our common
hatred for Hitler right our common
hatred for Hitler is what's dividing us
because if you talk to anybody on the
the Democratic side they'll say hey Lu
Republicans are a bunch of Nazis you're
all Hitler if you talk to somebody on
the Republican side they'll say
everything you do is controlled by Soros
who collaborated with the Nazis which by
the way I believe has been fact-checked
to not be true so I'm not saying that
any of this is true I'm not saying that
the Democrats point I'm not saying the
Democrats point is that is
valid that Republicans are Nazis but I'm
also not saying that people calling
Soros a Nazi
have the facts right that's that's just
a fact checking problem but I'm just
saying that are all of the nuance in the
world every bit of nuance in the world
has been removed from the conversation
and it's boiled down to different ways
to hate Hitler
that's what's so our common hatred of
Hitler is what is dividing us right now
take the case of Israel there's this the
the the Republicans have unusually
strong support of Israel moving the the
capital or moving the embassy for
example and how does that fit into
anybody's narrative I don't know so
correct me if I'm wrong and I don't
think I am but the entire argument has
boiled down to I hate you because you
agree with me that Hiller's bad and we
should avoid being like that so it's
kind of come down to that
besouro still alive
my understanding from his critics is
that he's he died a long time ago and is
now just a vampire who exists to walk
the earth and suck all the goodness from
it I say that tongue-in-cheek because oh
let me let me tell you a technique I've
been testing online so some of you if
you've been monitoring my Twitter
activity you may have noticed I've been
testing a persuasion technique and what
I'm doing is I'm trying to figure out if
there's some way to respond to the
laundry list technique of persuasion the
laundry list persuasion looks like this
I'll say well I'm not saying that you
eat babies but
you do have a baby in the house and then
the person says I'm a father we just had
a baby that's why we have the baby in
the house lots of people have baby as
the mouse and then the person says oh
well I'm not saying that you eat babies
just because you have a baby in the
house but it raises an eyebrow
it makes me suspicious because you also
eat food and I noticed that a lot of the
food you eat is meat and babies are
basically meat and then you say but
everybody not everybody but lots people
eat meat I'm not eating a baby I'm
eating a cow and then your critic says
oh yeah I know it's not just about the
fact that you eat meat and babies are
made out of meat but you have a baby in
the house do you also keep your your
hamburger in the freezer that's in your
house so in other words you put the baby
in the same container of the house where
you keep the things you're gonna eat is
that true and you say yes that's true
but it's because it's my house I keep
everything in my house you say huh nice
try Hitler but it's starting to come
together because even though any
individual piece of evidence that you
eat babies is not that strong you have
to look at the whole context now have
you ever sent a tweet about Jeffrey
Dahmer who is literally a cannibal and
the guy will say yeah I I sent a joke
about him
once when you know 15 years ago or
whatever he he was eating people I did
tweet a joke about that oh okay okay so
let me put this all together you say you
don't eat babies but there's a baby in
your house the house is where you keep
your food you eat meat babies are made
out of meat you see where I'm going on
this right so the laundry list
persuasion is based on the math are you
ready for this equation the lists
persuasion math goes
like this ten times zero equals banana
individually all of these pieces of
evidence the yui babies may be
individually is weak but you have to put
it all together alright you've tweeted
something from jeffrey dahmer you say
it's a joke ha ha what's funny about
cannibalism you have a baby in your
house you keep food in your house so the
baby's in the same container is the food
and you admit that you eat cows which
are mammals babies are mammals I rest my
case
you're a baby eater alright so you've
seen this list persuasion against Trump
you're seeing it against Steve King
right now you're seeing it against Soros
and you saw it against Hillary Clinton
as well you know crooked Hillary so all
of this persuasion has the same quality
to it which is if you look at any one
thing it's kind of a zero
it only has meaning because of the other
context it wouldn't mean anything
otherwise but the other context is
zeroes - it's the same with Soros it's
the same with Trump
it's the same with Steve King it's the
same with a lot of people who were in
the news lately so I was thinking to
myself if you were the victim that way
and I am the victim of this often so
people people will say to me you you
Scott must be our right-wing Nazi
apologist because of these three things
you said and then I say but you have to
look at all the things I've said you
have to see why I said it you have to
understand it in context you know it all
goes away and then people say hohoho
Scott well I don't think you understand
that if it was just one thing that
didn't mean anything
we wouldn't be concerned but you have
ten things that don't mean anything ten
things that don't mean anything equals
banana so here's my attempt to thwart
what I call ya Cavanaugh Cavanaugh is a
good example so Cavanaugh was the 10 x 0
equals banana equation individually any
one of those things wouldn't look very
persuasive but there was so many of them
that also were worthless ten times zero
must equal banana so I've been
challenging people and you've seen it
with Mysore of stuff and you're seeing
even on another topic lately I've been
challenging people who have that mode of
thinking to tell me what was their one
best piece of evidence because you can't
really argue with some of you has ten
bits of zero evidence because as soon as
you debunk one they just move to the
other one and they say yeah yeah yeah
that one is weak but what about all
these others so if the list persuasion
is very defensible because they'll just
keep popping like a like whack-a-mole
they'll say yeah yeah you debunk that
one but this one okay monk that one but
this one and then by the time you've
gotten you've debunked all ten and I
know you've seen this you've seen it
yourself you can debunk all ten points
and when you get to the tenth one what
do they do they mentioned the first one
again like you didn't just bunk it
you've all been there right
you debunk all the points and then they
just circle back to the first one that
you already debunked and you go wow what
is happening here well I just debunked
that one do you not remember 15 minutes
ago we talked about 0.1 I'd debunked it
and when I did you move to point two
after I debunked ten things in a row you
jumped back to one like we had had no
conversation for the last half hour what
the hell is wrong with you and then your
opponent will say hahaha
you apologist don't you know the math
ten times zero equals banana so here's
my defense and I'm only testing the
sound okay just testing it out and it
goes like this I say can you give me
your one best evidence just the best one
and when they give you three because
ever so far everybody I've challenged to
give me one best of it
gives me more than one the reason they
do that is that they can feel the trap
closing and the trap is there all zero
so if they give you one and you've
you've proclaimed it your best a bit of
evidence and then your critic says okay
that's your best evidence watch me show
you how this is actually zero and then
do not engage on the second point now
I'm just testing this out to see if it
works but once you get there one bit
your one best one and good luck if you
can get them to limit it to one because
I don't think you will they'll will keep
trying to keep their list intact if you
can get there one best debunk it and
then say I already debunked your best
point I don't really need to listen to
the rest and it doesn't matter what the
best point is now if their best point
you cannot debunk well then they have a
point they won they are they won the
debate all right
if the best point is solid and it stands
alone and it doesn't require all the
other zeros to have meaning that's it
they they won the debate and then you
say good point
thank you for informing me I was not
aware of that one good point you have
and that does make your other points
more valid see the laundry list is valid
if you have at least one strong point
that stands alone but if none of them
stand alone it's ten times zero equals
banana yeah what you usually get is you
usually get somebody pointing you to
someone else's article in which the
article lists ten things that are zero
watch how often that happens well I
can't tell you why this is true but I
read an article which was very
convincing here's a link to it and then
it's ten times zero it equals banana
articles the best argument I've seen
about Soros because I've I've challenged
people with the fall
what would I say it's not quite a rule
it's good it's a good rule of thumb but
it's not a hundred percent rule I've
said this if you can't describe in a
succinct way what the problem is you
don't understand it in other words you
don't actually have an opinion
if you can't succinctly describe it
something that cannot be succinctly
described it's probably just your
imagination so I've been challenging
people to succinctly tell me what is the
problem with Saros and one person
actually in my opinion succeeded now
just because I say the reason is
succinct that doesn't mean you don't
need you know supporting information and
that's fair right you know you can say
here's the summary does the summary make
sense is as simple can I understand it
if the answer is yes then it's perfectly
fine to get into the detail and find out
if you have supporting information and
here was the summary that somebody gave
me on Twitter about Soros that for the
first time for the first time I said oh
that actually is a valid summary even if
it isn't supported by the information
which it would be the next thing you
look into and here's the summary
somebody said that Soros money is like
fertilizer for groups that promote
identity politics it's pretty good isn't
it now remember I've been saying that
I'm not telling you
I like Soros I've never said I've never
said I'm defending Soros because I think
he's a great person and I love his
politics or anything like that I've
never said that I just said why can't
anybody succinctly tell me the problem
and and after great searching and
questioning and and pushing people one
person on Twitter solved solved the test
and I'm gonna say you know and by the
way I was skeptical that anybody could
do that and and again I'm not saying I
agree with the characterization I'm
saying
it is a simple checkable rational
statement of a problem that you can look
into the details now and see if it's
supported and and the details I know
absolutely do support it but I haven't
looked at all the details so I it's a
preliminary opinion at this point
so again if your problem with Soros is
that he his funding is like fertilizer
for groups that support identity
politics and you think identity politics
is destructive that is a completely
coherent point of view it may be right
or it might be wrong the facts may
support it or not don't know yet I don't
know if all the facts support it or just
the ones I know about but it's coherent
the here's the one that's not coherent
he was a Nazi when he was 14 even if he
was even if he was he is not 14 now
what's he doing today
how much do I care what a 14-year old
did I don't judge anybody by what they
did when they were 14 even if they were
Nazis which he wasn't by the way the
fact checkers had debunked that so
here's the other one that is irrational
about Soros that he wants open borders
now it's irrational because open borders
means different things to different
people it's one of those things you hear
and you just interpret it your own
little way I'm pretty sure he does not
want no borders as in just had just take
the borders down I don't believe there's
any evidence of that I do believe he's
Pro immigrant even if it's not good for
the country that's receiving that's true
right
and I believe he said that directly that
if it was a balance between what's good
for these immigrants who are in a bad
situation if you have to choose between
what's good for this group and what's
good for the country they're entering
Soros would prefer that the country
they're entering take a little pain for
the good of the immigrants now you could
certainly disagree with that but I think
that's an accurate statement of his
position if you try to characterize that
as open borders I think you've just lost
all credibility because he's not talking
about getting rid of border borders as
far as I can tell now if I'm wrong about
that somebody will tell me so I wouldn't
accuse him of open borders that's trying
to win with a word that you've defined
your own way and doesn't pass the
fact-checking I wouldn't try to beat him
on he's too much of a Nazi because he
was 14 and the fact checkers say he
wasn't it wasn't the Nazi and I wouldn't
try to beat it what's the other thing
people say about him oh that he's trying
to destroy destroy countries oh that
they also say that he made he made a lot
of money with currency speculation that
was very bad for the countries that were
the subject of his speculation and
therefore the country the things he
funds are bad too
and that doesn't make sense it seems
like he could be totally bad in one
field and that doesn't inform you of
what he's doing in the other field the
example I like to use is Bill Gates
those of you are young do not remember
the young Bill Gates when Microsoft was
new and was considered an evil monopoly
so Bill Gates was considered basically
the devil because he did things that
people thought were anti-competitive
anti-capitalist but what is Bill Gates
today in 2018 is Bill Gates the devil
who's destroying companies and and
competing unfairly or see the guy who
runs the Gates Foundation one of the
most positive things the world has ever
seen
he's these Bill Gates 2018 that's who he
is he's not Bill Gates 19 years old you
don't judge him by his 19 year old self
all right
Bill Gates never collaborated with Nazis
as is also true of George Soros thank
you very much
all right that Yoko comment was funny
but I'm not gonna repeat it the people
who say I'd better quit while in my head
are the people who don't have any
argument so the way that I claim victory
whenever I see any of the following
things Scott quit while you're ahead
Scott you don't know what you're talking
about Scott you should do your own
research Scott here's this link to
somebody else who can explain what I
can't explain Scott you're an apologist
any one of those words I declare a
victory because those are the things you
say when you don't have any reasons if
you had reasons people have raisins
start with the reasons because the best
way to win an argument is with a reason
right so nobody nobody starts with an
insult if they have a reason first you
want to win and then you want to insult
you don't insult first let's say I'll
leave out the reasons I don't need that
all right
doesn't Bill Gates see babies somebody
asked all right so what's what else is
happening it looks like the news is
slowing down but it it it feels like the
luckiest month ever for president Trump
doesn't it
doesn't it seem like
and I think it's luck or maybe it's not
locked maybe there's some skill involved
here but how lucky is it for the
president that alec baldwin punches
somebody right before the midterm it's
kind of lucky right it's not lucky for
the guy who got punched and it's not
lucky for alec baldwin but politically
it's very lucky how lucky is it that the
economy hit the best point it's ever hit
and here's the cool part that wages went
up because everybody had been
complaining is like oh yeah the stock
market's up so the stock market flattens
out and wages go up what was the only
thing the only thing the Democrats had
as a complaint about the Trump economy
the only thing is that well the stock
market going up doesn't help the average
person so the stock market flattens and
wages go up exactly what should happen
at this phase of the recovery it's
exactly what should happen it takes a
while it takes a while for the wages to
to move up because you have to get a
really tight workforce really tight
employment before wages can go up and
then they did right on schedule
yeah his disapproval hit 51 percent who
knows what polls are dependable at this
point he's he's sucking up all the air
time he's got the caravan that looks
like bad persuasion oh my god it's like
everything is happening positive for
Trump II it wasn't long ago that you got
the trade deals with Canada and Mexico
we see China China went from this you
know this great country that we were
trying to deal with you know and how
hard do we want to push them and then
suddenly China turned into fentanyl
China who is stealing all our IP and at
the at the moment our economy is so
strong that it's hard to come up with a
reason why we should be flexible with
them because they need to China needs to
fix
some stuff at the very least they should
fix the shame which is their brand which
is fentanyl China Michael Cohen
so Michael Cohen has made some
allegations that the president said some
racial things that only he heard
coincidentally only Michael Cohen heard
these things now what who is the least
credible person in the world who has not
named Roger stone name name the other
least credible well there's avenatti so
avenatti a-- would be one of the least
credible people in the world and he's
running for president criticizing the
president the president current
president so that's good for the
president Trump because avenatti is not
a not a good look for the other side and
then Michael Cohen who would be the
other least least credible person has
made some accusations and I think people
just look at him they go come on
Michael Cohen you need something better
than that
all right I'm just oh and then it seems
to me that Don Lemon has what's the best
way to say this I'm tempted to diagnose
him as having a mental problem but I'm
also conscious that people like me
should not be doing stuff like that so
I'll put it in laypersons terms and I'll
stay away from the medical which I have
no no capability to diagnose I just tell
how I'm receiving it when I watch Don
Lemon talk lately it feels like he went
from a well-meaning critic of the
president to having actually something
closer to a mental problem
in a and again I'll be as careful as I
can about saying this I'm not making a
mental diagnosis I'm not making a health
diagnosis I'm not qualified for that and
people should not do that what I'm
saying is as a layperson as a person who
watches TV that people register on you
in a certain way so it's not I'm not
giving you any kind of medical diagnosis
I'm saying that the way he registers
with me lately which he did not register
even a month ago a month ago he looked
like a mainstream critic of the
president who had largely the same
complaints as everybody else but at the
moment he looks like he's lost it just
the way I'm receiving it again it's not
a medical diagnosis I'm not qualified to
do that I won't pretend that I am all
right
[Music]
same with Bill Maher somebody says
perhaps I've gonna catch up with my bill
maher shows you know I like to step back
and do this once a while because
objectivity is kind of rare oh by the
way Perez did you see Perez Hilton he
got in he got in trouble from I guess
his own team for saying that he too
would like stronger immigration and
apparently he's cultural he's got some
Hispanic blood in him or all of it I
don't know exactly what his percentages
but and so I retweeted him and I said
freethinker does it's rare so I'm happy
to promote you know the part of him that
I agree with without without needing to
endorse every part that I might disagree
with and I don't even know what that is
somebody says I'm naive can you give me
an example of that because you leave it
out the reasons so when you call me
naive you may have missed the part where
I declare a victory when people do that
because if you had a reason you'd
probably give it to me I would I made
the mistake of watching MSNBC the other
day now I've told you before that my my
technique for watching both sides of the
news is that I have the two channels CNN
and Fox News that are sort of the polar
opposites in terms of how they approach
the news and if you're only watching one
you're getting a very distorted opinion
but if you watch you know both of them
you'll get too distorted opinions but
you know at least it'll be more
comprehensive yeah at least is closer to
completeness and so my technique is that
whenever one of those two networks runs
a pharmaceutical commercial which is all
the time I switched to the other one so
that's my automatic process pharmacist
as soon as any kind of disease or or
malady is mentioned on a commercial on
one of the networks I switched to the
other partly because you should not you
should not subject yourself to listening
about medical problems you don't have
you should not not listen to medical
problems that you don't have in the form
of a commercial it does affect you it
does make you less healthy so let me say
this as clearly as possible listening to
pharmaceutical commercials should given
everything we know about how humans are
wired make you less healthy now the
exception would be if happened to be
exactly your condition and they were
suggesting exactly the right solution
and you hadn't heard of it before it's
kind of a rare situation but if you're
listening to one complaint after another
you know if you listen to either the
network news within five minutes you're
gonna hear and then my arm fell off and
my kidneys shrunk and my skin was
peeling and I had rashes my gallbladder
was inflamed my gout acted up but I
could take this pill and that would all
be better and if you subject yourself to
all of that imagery
all that negativity all that talk about
disease your body will respond with
whatever you're focusing on in other
words you can actually talk yourself
into sickness simply by subjecting
yourself to the pharmaceutical
commercials I want to emphasize that I
am not kidding one bit
listening to the pharmaceutical
commercials I'm going to say it is
clearly as I can is bad for your health
don't do it
change the channel walk away mute it do
not listen to a pharmaceutical
commercial
it's literally bad for your health so I
made the mistake of turning on MSNBC
because there was this point where both
Fox News and CNN were showing
pharmaceutical commercials at the same
time so like ah damn it usually they
don't line up that neatly so I can
switch from one to the other but I was
like alright I've got to go to choice
three so I hit MSNBC here is me turning
on MSNBC and watching it for ten seconds
would you like to see that again here it
is again my impression of accidentally
turning on MSNBC and watching you for 10
seconds it was jaw-dropping because you
know I know that they're you know left
ER than CNN if as weird as that sounds
but it's almost entirely a mind reading
I don't even know what you would call it
it's not news there they live in a
completely manufactured world in which
they can imagine they can see what other
people are thinking and that that's a
reality you know it's like yeah he
doesn't say he's a bad person but I can
tell why can I tell because of the
laundry list of idea of raisins let me
list the laundry list here's this thing
there's zero credibility this thing was
zero credibility there are ten of them
and there
those ten times zero equals banana so it
was it was it was shocking how
irrational the folks are on MSNBC and
and and here I'm not comparing MSNBC -
you know Trump supporting outlets like
Fox News or or any you know National
Review any anything who's more
conservative I'm not I'm not comparing
them to them I'm comparing MSNBC to see
an end by any objective measure CNN is
far more fair and balanced and at least
yeah there seems to be legitimate
attempts to cover something like news
but MSNBC just stopped stopped
pretending it's really shocking and to
watch now people are on the left of
course will say but you just described
Fox News it's just you the other way the
thing that people don't understand about
Fox News if you don't watch it you
wouldn't understand this and see if this
rings true to you Fox News seems to
clearly label their news like so Bret
Baier is just the news right so they've
got people who cover the news and then
they very clearly label the opinion
people so if you turn on the v or
Hannity or Laura Ingraham or even Tucker
these are clearly labeled opinion pieces
and so you know the news actually will
disagree with the opinions so you do see
that in Fox News but on CNN and maybe
it's just me but I feel like there's
this less clear division between the
news and the opinion they seem
overlapped right so so let me give this
to you again Fox News clearly labels
this is just my opinion right seems to
clearly label what is news and they play
that pretty straight
with what is opinion which of course is
just opinion
whereas CNN has both opinion and News
but they feel a little bit more overlap
they're a little less clearly labeled if
you will just the way I receive them
that you know I'm just giving a personal
opinion but MSNBC doesn't seem to have
anything like news or maybe I've missed
it but it feels like it's complete
opinion that they're trying to sell as
news now which one gets the best ratings
well MSNBC apparently has greater
ratings in CNN so they should tell you
something
yeah and Shepard Smith is another
example of someone who's clearly labeled
as the news and and his opinion doesn't
match you know Hannity's or what else
you'd see there all right I'm going to
stop here while I'm behind
I'll stop all on behind and I'll talk to
you later