um okay everybody get in here hello
Andrew you have a coffee cup you weigh
in get in here grab a seat make sure you
take the seats up front first and make
sure that you've got a cup or a mug or a
glass make sure you've got a tanker -
Stein a chalice could it be a thermos
maybe a flask whatever it is what kind
of doesn't matter what kind of vessel
you have fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and get ready to
join me for the unparalleled pleasure
that I call the simultaneous up dopamine
ready go oh yeah
that's the good stuff right there we
have about a million things to talk
about so I'm just gonna hit them fast
and some of them are really fun so this
today is a really good one you know
there are days when you have lots of
news that's worth talking about days
when you don't today's very newsy day I
had never mentioned president Trump's
comment about Biden's brain so I guess
the president last time he was talking
about Biden mentioned he points his head
he says there's you know something's
changed there's something wrong there
something different now the news of
course has covered this but they haven't
quite put the spin on it that I'm going
to I'm going to teach you a little bit
about persuasion today especially
looking at at Jared Kushner's a speech
about the Middle East we'll talk about a
minute but there's some technique in the
president's mention of Biden's brain
it's not just an accusation
it's technique and here's what makes a
technique an accusation it would be
specific he would say I think he's got a
tells Ivers there's no evidence of that
I think he's drunk
there's no evidence of that I think he's
too old maybe but if the president had
something that said there's something
specific wrong with Biden either
mentally or substance wise or
health-wise or anything else you would
have something to falsify you would be
able to say no that specific accusation
is not true
maybe I think there's something else
wrong with them but I don't think there
isn't that wrong with them the beauty of
the way the president does it and trust
me this is technique it's not an
accident that he does this so well I'm
going to give you another example this
in a bit the president allows you and
this is straight out of hypnosis class
by the way that's that's literally where
I learned the thing I'm going to teach
you if you want people to have the most
persuasive argument in their heads let
them make it themselves in other words
don't give them too much detail give
them enough detail that their
imagination fills in the gaps so when
you say to me odd Biden's not the same
you know up here there's there's
something that's changed that's a very
broad statement it allows you to imagine
that Biden is drunk it allows you to
imagine that he's tired too tired to run
for president it allows you to imagine
somebody else that he's you know he's
declining with age he's got dementia
he's not healthy whatever else so it's
good technique to say generally that
there's something wrong but you leave it
as a question mark if you're specific
you can be falsified and people say yeah
I don't think that's what's wrong but if
you're General and saying you better
fill in the blank here there's something
wrong I'm not saying I'm not saying
what's wrong but there's something wrong
that is a plus Gold persuasion so keep
that in mind because you get to see it
again later in my periscope we can't go
too far without talking about that a
horror
photo that's on the news about the the
two potential I guess attempted
immigrants into this country from El
Salvador who did not make it it's the
one of the saddest pictures you ever see
in your life so I don't want to dwell on
it too much the news is doing that fine
I'll just point out that because it's
visual and because it hits its father
and daughter it hits literally every
emotional button that we have it's the
sort of thing that can move the dial but
everybody is going to see in this
picture what they want to see so the
people who say the president's a monster
are gonna see more evidence that the
president's a monster why didn't you fix
this the people who say we should have
sealed off the border so people were not
tempted to come are going to say look at
this it's obvious it's obvious that if
you had you know sealed off the border
if you'd built a wall if you were
tougher on immigration people wouldn't
be trying to come and then they would be
not dying
so everybody's going to see what they
want it is beyond disgusting that people
will use it for their own political
benefits it is beyond disgusting it's
the worst well you know the only thing
that could make the deaths of those two
people worse is to use them for
political purposes it's probably
probably the lowest humanity can go well
that's not true because you always you
always have the Holocaust yeah you can't
top that but or slavery I guess you
can't top those two things but in our in
our normal normal world of things it's
as low as you can come to use the deaths
of these two people who are just trying
to get away from probably a worse
situation now here's how I would prefer
to see it when I see that horrible
picture I say I think most of you seen
it by then when I see that horrible
picture of how their lives ended I think
Congress I see Congress bunch of people
well-dressed sitting in a room thinking
about the small picture thinking about
how do we get a victory over the other
side how do I get a good news bite
complete and total incompetence so when
I see those two deaths I do not see one
side did well the other side caused the
problem either way I see a Congress that
doesn't work and if you like your
Congress to work better that's the way
you should see it too
you shouldn't be telling yourself things
should have gone one way or things
should have gone the other way and we
wouldn't have this problem if you're
doing that you're part of the problem
let me say that again if your reaction
to the picture is anything except our
entire Congress is completely
incompetent if that's not what you're
thinking and you're thinking is one side
cause this your part of the problem and
you are using the deaths of these two
innocent people in the most despicable
way a human being could it's the it's
the pit of wrongness so you should put
your hate where it belongs Congress both
sides I don't care which side is the
obstacle this time I don't care which
ones you know the one you agree with I
don't care Congress killed those people
Congress killed those people
period Congress killed them there's no
way around that Congress killed them all
right let's talk about something that's
more fun you you know when I was talking
about Iran's supreme leader and their I
guess somebody in their government I
forget who was was reported that they
said that the President or the White
House was suffering from mental
retardation do you remember I talked
about that yesterday and I said to
myself is that an Iranian word because
that word is not allowed in this country
you're not supposed
to say the r-word and in fact the only
reason I would say it is because a hand
of state allegedly said it when I'm
repeating it I wouldn't use that word I
agree it's not it's not a word to use it
in public I didn't used to think that
but I'm I've come over to that side and
today I noticed that CNN is interpreting
it differently and now they're reporting
that what the Iranian official said was
that the White House has a quote mental
disability in other words just as I said
yesterday do you really think that
there's an Iranian phrase or word that
means mental retardation the way it was
reported and I remember I had some
skepticism that that was an accurate
translation and then today you see a
fairly different translation I mean
essentially the same meaning but
different words that matters
apparently Trump this entity that there
would be some obliteration if they go to
war so it's very similar to fire in fury
and very similar again to North Korea
and that Kim jong-un as you remember
called the president a donor and then
the president responded back in a fairly
humorous way he matched him it became
friends and now they're exchanging love
letters apparently almost literally they
seem to actually really be fond of each
other and I think that's actually real
and it looks like there might be a
little more progress on North Korea as
slow as it needs to be doesn't need to
be fast and so there the reports that
they're talking again about getting back
on track in North Korea but what are the
odds that the same game plan will work
with Iran because I think the Ayatollah
is pretty different than Kim jong-un it
was easy to imagine chairman Kim and
president Trump standing together and
having a laugh and shaking hands well
before it ever happened
could you imagine it I mean you could
imagine it very easily
and but I don't see that picture I am
like my brain can't generate I cannot
generate an imaginary photograph a
president Trump and the Ayatollah
shaking hands okay do you see it because
I can't even I literally have a
prohibition about imagining it in a way
that you know you imagine things that
could actually happen so I think Iran
will have to have a slightly different
track but I don't know that we're on the
wrong track
at this point we'll talk about Jarrad in
a moment so let's talk about Jared
Kushner's peace plan now if you haven't
seen it there's a speech in which jared
is introducing his concept of the 50
billion dollars were rebuilding the
palates Palestinian areas and the West
Bank yeah and and of course the
Palestinian leaders and other people who
supported them said hey Jared Kushner in
a United States you can't buy our
agreement to end war because this is not
about money so we are insulted why would
you try to buy our you know you can't
buy us off down now most people all the
smart people the smart people said wait
things are backwards if you don't have a
peace deal on a political level you
can't do any investing so why would you
talk about the investing when you're not
even close to having a political deal
don't you have it backwards
well do we I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you
what to look for in terms of technique
and then I'm going to play Jarrod's just
a fairly brief clip of him introducing
the idea and I want you to look for all
of the techniques of persuasion that are
built into his simple statement is
literal
one of the best few minutes of speech
you'll ever save but it won't look like
that unless you understand persuasion
because there's so much technique built
into it there would be invisible to
someone who doesn't study in this field
so I'm gonna call it out first before I
play it so that you can really looking
for it all right here are all the
elements of here are all the elements of
persuasion number one and most
importantly he is making people think
past the sale the sale is the political
agreement that they all know has to be
reached before one dollar can be
invested so he wants you to think past
the political agreement to imagine what
would happen with his fifty billion how
you would spend it who would get it
where it would go where it would come
from if you can get the people who think
there's no hope of a deal which is most
people right most people probably think
there's no real hope by the way I will
go to the whiteboard in a moment so
you'll see some summary to this so the
first thing is that if you can get
people to say to themselves even for a
moment you want them just for a moment
to ask themselves how could this 50
billion work on a practical level if you
can get them to have even one fleeting
thought of how the fifty billion could
work on a practical level who gets it
who pays what where's it go you have
made them think past the sale you have
made them imagine for the first time
that a political agreement is possible
because in order to imagine where the
money goes and the details of the money
you'd have to uncritically imagine okay
so imagine we did have a peace deal what
would it look like that is so important
and it's the first time well I'm no
historian so somebody somebody correct
me on this correct me on this I don't
know that we've ever started with money
first certainly not at this level we may
have said hey you know there's money to
be had if you have peace
about 10 million but by picking this
giant number 50 billion which I
understand is big number 4 what we're
talking about here it gets your
attention so the second part of the
technique is to come up with a really
big number now I saw somebody in the
comments say it's a carrot and stick
approach that you're saying a will will
bribe you you'll get money it'll be a
good deal well that's a that's the 2d
image so the the checkers version is
that we're paying you to do something we
want ya there's some money in this if
you do what everybody wants which is
make peace that's true it's part of the
story but the the making you think
passed the sale is the magic part the
the bribe part will give you some money
if you do this is not the magic part
it'll say more about that why that's not
the magic part here's another thing that
Jarrod will do and I'll show you in a
minute in his speech he asks people to
literally imagine imagine because
literally put your imagination into the
future where we're spending this money
and making it an economic powerhouse
asking people to imagine the future is
again part of making you think past the
sale but imagination is very powerful it
actually gets you past past the point
where you think it's impossible it makes
you start thinking past the point of
impossibility and once you're thinking
past that you have a chance of getting
rid of whatever that obstacle was very
very powerful next and I mentioned this
before when I talked about the President
and talking about Joe Biden's brain the
president was not specific he did not
say there's something specific wrong
with the brain because it's better
technique to let somebody imagine their
own scene
likewise when Jarrod talks about the the
future for the Palestinian areas and the
Palestinian people he does not give too
many specifics what he says is something
along the line of it would be it could
be a bustling center of commerce and
trade words to that effect now when you
hear that do you say to yourself
well bustling cut what does that mean to
me is there anybody who doesn't like the
idea of a bustling center for trade
probably nobody probably a hundred
percent of people say yeah a bustling
center of trade that sounds good so the
the being general about it is very
powerful because it allows people to
imagine their own version of what that
looks like the other thing he does is he
keeps it simple at least at this part
when you're talking about fifty billion
dollars you could imagine that somebody
would have gotten up there with a
PowerPoint deck showed you all the ways
the money's coming in and where it's
where it goes and you know how this
translates and here's my spreadsheet you
don't do any of that if you're trying to
persuade forget about numbers you want
to make people feel you want to give it
to them simple and so look how simple
and clean Jarrod's introduction to this
is it's as simple and clean there's no
extra stuff in it that's very important
because you don't want to clutter up
your persuasion with experts and I
mentioned before that the 50 billion is
such a big offer that you can't ignore
it
that's a very trumpian technique and you
see some of the Democratic candidates
for president using it very very big
offers it's the Trump technique and even
if you can't get everything you want you
can't look away so as soon as they said
50 billion you said well I think it's
impossible to get peace in the Middle
East but 150 billion so 50 billion is a
giant shiny object to keep your
attention on the topic attention is half
of persuasion if people aren't paying
attention they're not going to get
persuaded so simply having this giant
number even if it's not entirely
realistic I don't know if it is or not
makes you pay attention it's good good
persuasion the other thing that Jarrod
says is he he gives what I call a fake
because a fake because is a reason that
doesn't make sense
but we uncritically hear it as a reason
that does make sense because the human
brain and by the way Geel DD in his book
influence talks about this so there's a
good scientific basis behind what I'm
saying
the human mind is a rationalize er it's
not something that is rational for
anything complicated because we don't
really understand complicated things but
we think we do so one of the things that
Jared does is he says that the reason
that this is possible to turn this area
into a bustling economic powerhouse is
because in history it had happened
before think how powerful that is he
says that historically it had been a
powerhouse economically so therefore it
can be again that is a fake because
there is no logical connection between
the fact that he in deep history it was
an economic powerhouse that does not
mean therefore logically it will be one
again because you know what's changed
everything everything history doesn't
repeat it's a complete nonsense reason
but when you hear it does it register as
a nonsense reason it does not it
registers as a real reason that's a fake
because now this works because people
wanted to be true if people did not want
it to be true then it could turn into a
economic powerhouse then it wouldn't
work but if somebody wants something to
be true it doesn't matter what reason
you give and since this is a region that
is sort of trapped in history they're
sort of locked into little mental
prisons because of things that happened
in the past a reference to history is
more powerful over there because they're
they really care about history more than
we would hear and so he mentions history
and he says here's my reason why it can
happen again because it happened before
that's not a reason it isn't do you know
what was different before well there
wasn't any
Israel that's pretty different you know
how different can you get you know there
wasn't Isis or wasn't al-qaeda there
wasn't Iran sponsoring trouble I mean
nothing's the same it is not a reason
that because it used to be true
therefore there's a good reason that
could be true in the future but it sure
works it works very very very solid
technique you're actually seeing what
I'm going to show you is some of the
best persuasion technique you've ever
seen in a little package the other thing
that Jared does which you would
completely miss if you didn't study
persuasion is that he does a trick that
doesn't really have name but the idea is
that if you tell people what they're
thinking as they're thinking it you form
a connection with them that gives you
influence so if for example I could
exactly what you were thinking the
audience and I called it out so if I
said God Scott's to take him through
long can he just show the video Scott
will you get past this description I
just want to see the video right some of
you were thinking that weren't you now
the moment I said that what did you feel
you thought uh okay and that's what I
was thinking and you felt a little
connection that's technique that's not
accident watch when Jared talks about
what the two sides want the two sides
roughly speaking or Israel and the
Palestinians do they want the same thing
well if I asked you does Israel and the
Palestinians want the same thing and you
had never studied persuasion you would
say yeah roughly speaking they want the
same thing they want peace for austerity
then what they both want to control
Israel they kind of want the same thing
Jared does not make that mistake because
people don't think in generalities like
that they have specific thoughts and we
listen for Jared describing to two sides
in the simplest cleanest way you've ever
seen he says that the Palestinians want
dignity and Israel wants security think
about that
is brilliant because he's saying we
don't want the same thing if I had to
ask you you'd say they do want the same
thing they're people they want peace
they want good things for the family
they want to pray to their God they
unfortunately that what the same land
they literally want exactly the same
thing but it's not true it's just not
true because the Palestinians when they
are offered fifty billion dollars what
they say non-starter because dignity or
something that could easily be put into
that word is the problem but that's not
the problem for Israel it really has a
security problem so by calling out those
two simple points he bonded with both
sides simultaneously and you'll hear it
when I plant very strong technique in
fact among the strongest things you
could do visual persuasion is is always
near the top and so is fear but if you
don't have access to fear and visual
persuasion the one of the next most
powerful persuasion things is to tell
somebody what they're thinking and if
you could even use the same words that
they're using in their head BAM
solid connection for influence okay
that's what jared is doing one of the
things that people are always confused
about is the role of passion and
charisma in influence now charisma and
passion do have some power meaning that
if you can if you can create a an
emotional state in yourself as a speaker
you can sometimes transfer that
emotional state to your audience so if
I'm getting angry sometimes I can get
you angry so I can make you follow my
emotional state but it's completely
optional it's an advantage and if
somebody can pull that off it's great
but one of the strangest things that you
will learn in hypnosis is that the
quality of the presentation is almost
irrelevant not totally but almost in
other words
when you hear me speaking if I were to
say to you there are two hypnotists one
sounds like the way I'm talking right
now now you probably say to yourself
well the way you hear my voice right now
if I already hypnotized you I would say
something like now you can imagine
yourself in a forest you walk you
through the forest and you see a
beautiful tree
you pause to look at the tree before you
go further into the forest you're
getting more and more relaxed now you
wouldn't you would recognize that as
something you would think oh that's a
persuasive voice the way you're saying
it the presentation you're giving makes
a difference it doesn't that's one of
the surprising things about hypnosis the
way I talk is just the way I talk if
someone else had a bad voice a strange
presentation but said the same words it
would have the same effect so this is
what I'm getting to when you watch
Jarrod's presentation you're gonna say
to yourself I'm not listening to Martin
Luther King you'll say to yourself I'm
not listening to President Trump two of
the most like you know best public
speakers of all time you say to yourself
I'm listening to Jared Kushner
I'm just got a more subdued you know
business man I would call a sort of a
modest approach to public presentation
and you probably say to yourself well
that's got a heard of right he's not
he's not out there you know getting the
crowd all worked up and everything
the answer is doesn't make any
difference the words he is speaking are
the magic sauce if you think it's the
way his body is being held if you think
it's the sound of his voice if you think
it's the pattern of his speaking whether
he's got a high or a low tone almost
irrelevant his his calm approach is a
hundred percent successful for
persuasion even though in some cases if
you're trying to get people riled up
emotionally you might go a different way
but there's nothing he doesn't leave
anything on the table
this alright the other thing he brings
to it is a track record persuasion works
best if you already believe you can be
persuaded
Jared now has some track record of being
successful both in the prison reform
stuff where he's associated with that
and which people would consider a tough
thing to get done and also apparently
successful although not approved by
Congress I guess the the Mexico Canada
negotiations and other stuff so he comes
into it with credibility jared has
credibility if you bring credibility to
a conversation and you can be persuasive
if you bring no credibility you can't be
persuasive I'm going to turn my camera
around and let you see a little a little
reminder of the things you're gonna see
on the video so jared is going to make
you think past the sale he's gonna make
you imagine the future but he's gonna
make you imagine the future in a generic
way well I forgot the third bullet point
he asks you to do something in this case
imagine part of hypnosis part of
persuasion is to get people to do a
small thing no matter how trivial
because it Tunes you for doing bigger
things
so here jared is making the audience
literally do something literally imagine
that is technique if you can get them to
clap raise their hands laughs to do
something nod their head anything any
small thing you can get the audience to
do Prime's them for bigger things so
asking them to imagine is really good
technique then you'll hear him talking
about generically the bustling center
they could get to but not too specific
he keeps it simple the 50 billion is a
gigantic offer he talks about history
that's his fake because even though
there's no reason to think that you can
do now what was done in history
it doesn't logically connect but it does
it or irrational minds we go oh he's got
a reason at least he's got a reason he
talks about dignity versus safety
telling people what they're thinking his
passion is irrelevant to this thing and
he brings credibility so let's go back
to me
now that you've heard that I'm gonna
play it I don't know how well this will
play let's see if we do well-intended
programs
numerous well intended programs
investments and plans have been derailed
by violence political instability and
the lack this is pacing longstanding
core issues of this Cup
that's pacing so he's saying what
everybody's thinking that this has never
worked before
that's pacing you always tell you tell
the audience what they're already
thinking before you try to get them to
think something new it's like to be
clear economic growth and prosperity for
the Palestinian people are not possible
without an enduring and fair political
solution so here he's acknowledged that
finance is irrelevant if you don't get a
political if you don't get a political
agreement so he's pacing again because
everybody's thinking that they think we
went to this economic thing is this a
waste of time because you can't do any
economics until you've done until you've
done a political agreement so he says
that first that's pacing conflict one
that guarantees Israel's security and
respects the dignity of the Palestinian
so there's where he talks about Israel
wants security and the Palestinians want
dignity that's that's telling you what
you're thinking that's technique we'll
get to those the goal of this workshop
is to begin thinking about these
challenges in a new way a new way let's
try to view this conflict at the
potential of the entire region through a
different lens through a different lens
very powerful he's telling you that the
world can be looked at the same set of
facts through a different lens he's
giving you permission to look at the
same things you've been looking at but
see them differently
it's a yani laurel opportunity can you
look at these same facts with me and now
imagine that you see them differently
very powerful and work together to
develop a concrete plan to try and
achieve it
for a moment imagine a new reality in
Middle East imagine imagine a bustling
commercial and tourist center and Gaza
and the West Bank where international
businesses come together and thrive
imagine the West Bank as a blossoming
economy blossoming of entrepreneurs full
a bunch of years you see a writers iMac
so when he described this didn't you all
see pictures in your head when he's when
he's had engineers didn't you see an
engineer when he said startups didn't
you see a little group of startups when
he said technology weren't you seeing
something this was visual he's turning
the concept into a visual and making you
imagine it people and goods flowing
quickly and securely throughout the
region as economics become more
integrated and people become more
prosperous this isn't a stretch this is
actually the historical legacy of the
Middle East specifically of Gaza and the
West Bank it is a legacy of great
cultures coming together as a center of
Commerce innovation and prosperity
so Larry talkies well-intended programs
there he talked about the history that's
the fake because making you think it's
possible now because it was possible in
the past vestments and plans have
derailed by violence political
instability and the lack of a resolution
today long-standing core issues of this
conflict so he mentions again it lacked
a resolution to the core core conflict
so he's never letting you forget that he
understands money is not the solution
he's not trying to tell you money is the
solution clear economic growth and
prosperity for the Palestinian people
are not possible without an enduring and
fair political solution to the conflict
mm-hmm one that guarantees Israel's
security and respects the dignity of the
Palestinian people
however today is not about the political
issues look I think I missed imagine a
bustling people and goods flowing quick
what I think I got so that's that's just
the first couple of minutes of his
presentation and look how powerful that
is now I said before that I think we've
never been in such a good situation in
the Middle East almost all of the
variables are lining up as if it's meant
to be and what I mean by that is that
we've never had a situation where Iran
is so let's say so desperate to make a
deal
there they're not talking that way but
obviously the impact on your economy has
got to be pretty severe so we're an is
getting flexible we've seen that the
Arab world is now sort of fed up with
the palestinian situation and they don't
seem to be backing them they seem to be
backing more of a comprehensive peace
and they've even said explicitly it's
time to deal with israel and just sort
of move on we but more importantly we've
never had I would say this effective a
group of leaders in the Middle East and
I'm talking about all of the countries
including the United States including
Israel we simply have the best operators
that have ever been on this question
it's the first time we've had so many
people who are not let's say traditional
politicians because this doesn't get
done with traditional politicians we
know that because they're they're good
for example a traditional politician
would work on the political settlement
before talking in detail about the money
you're seeing people operating at a
whole different higher level because
they're talking about the money simply
to make you get you think past get you
to think past the obstacles and that
makes you think you makes you think it's
possible and also the MDS situation I
think gives us some a lot of leverage
with Saudi Arabia because the President
had MBS is back on the khashoggi thing
even when the entire world said I'll
think you ought to be doing that
president Trump and he said I'm doing it
and now if we get to a point where Saudi
Arabia is a primary player maybe they're
one
funders of this alleged 50 billion if
they become super productive in the
Middle East peace we're gonna look back
at this and say ah I really hated it
that the president acted as though the
Khashoggi thing was not known by MBS I
hated it it was immoral it made me feel
dirty I hate everything about it except
that it was important to get Middle East
peace if we get to that point you're
gonna look at this and say it was one of
the smartest political moves of all time
if we don't it'll just look like more
badness I guess all right
the debates start tonight I will be live
tweeting the debates as well the
president so I'll be competing with
President Trump live tweeting the
debates you're gonna enjoy that
yesterday I had Kirk Sorensen on to talk
about thorium and the potential for
thorium energy that was very
illuminating I will tell you that I've
heard from other people who are experts
after that and I would just summarize by
saying that the the question of whether
thorium is better than ordinary
plutonium for nuclear power is not a
settled question in other words there
are experts who will tell you Wow
thorium looks like has some advantages
but when you when you dig down there are
also advantages to plutonium there might
be more thorium available in the world
but it's harder to get to
or maybe the plutonium is harder to get
but we have a bunch sitting around so
there are a lot of things that will
change how you see this the bottom line
is that there are people who think
thorium is the answer I think there are
four startups or so working on it maybe
more and there are people who think it
isn't and they're all qualified so there
are a lot of qualified people who have a
disagreement on that that's all I'll say
about that so one of the biggest in news
in the world this seems to be only news
to half of the world and not the other
is the social media platforms stuff and
the project fair
undercover work they've got a they've
got a document that appears to say so
this is the latest so Project Veritas
has produced a document that allegedly
shows a conversation within Google the
YouTube were part I guess in which
they're discussing how to minimize the
influence of people they call Nazis
including Dave Rubin Jewish and then
also they call Ben Shapiro and Nazi
Jewish and Prager University I don't
know if he's Jewish too but once you
start calling well-known Jews Nazis
you've really gone over too far now the
document the document that was uncovered
we don't know exactly the context
because I I'm gonna be the one who sort
of makes you unhappy and saying that
people are saying that Prager is Jewish
too so the fact that there are three
people in Google or there are people in
Google who saw three prominent Jewish
conservatives consider them to be Nazis
is I mean that says a lot about the
world right I mean what however you
could get that viewpoint and in the
facts and evidence is sort of
astonishing but here's the thing what we
don't know from that document is what
came of that conversation if you have a
big organization it is not unusual for
there to be people disagreeing and that
if you were to see all the disagreement
before you saw the final decisions you
would have a very different idea about
the company let me say that again
I've worked for big companies I've been
in a lot of meetings if you only saw the
result of the meeting you'd say hey
looks like pretty good people in that
meeting they came up with
decision if you saw what happened in the
meeting before the decision you would be
horrified because any meeting has dumb
people in it and dumb people are gonna
say super dumb stuff but you trust that
the process the meeting the boss the
smarter people will prevail and so the
fact that there are dumb people saying
insanely stupid and harmful things in
the context of discussing what to do
next
doesn't necessarily tell you that the
company did something wrong it's a huge
red flag and so you know I certainly
agree with everybody who says my God my
God my God it the fact that they're even
having this conversation and talking in
that way assuming the document is true
and in this world we can never assume
anything but if it is true it would be
very alarming but we don't know if that
one person's opinion was everybody's
opinion and we don't know if lated into
any actual policies but you sure got to
worry about it and you may have also
seen the the I guess it was a
whistleblower from Google who was
talking about the internal conversations
and James O'Keefe was interviewing him
and if you saw it he was the voice of
the whistleblower was digitally altered
so it's brown the the garbled voice and
and and then you can see that the the
image was distorted let me say this I
have no reason to believe that that
whistleblower is fake no reason to
believe that but I want to say just
because it needs to be said
we no longer live in a world where
seeing a disguised whistleblower on
video should be considered credible
sorry you know I I don't want to say
that I would love to say this is a real
whistle blower we know it's real the
things as whistleblowers saying you know
are true we just don't live in that
world anymore
now I'm not doubting it's true I'm
saying that if you saw that and you said
oh it must be true because he's on video
he's on video he's talking you know this
is a group they used trusted before it's
probably true it might be I'm not saying
it's not I'm just saying that we no
longer live in the world we're looking
at a video of a thing or listening to a
person talk is quite as meaningful as it
used to be somebody says Trump just in a
great tweet so I'm gonna if it's so
great that you mentioned it I'm gonna
pause I guess I'm gonna pause it I'm
gonna look at it so give me one moment
to look at the trumpet tweet all right
women's soccer women's soccer player amp
you know
just stated that she is quote not going
to the effing White House is when we win
okay so first of all I love the fact
that you put that in a tweet other than
the NBA which now refuses to call owners
owners please explain that I just got
back criminal justice reform past black
unemployment as the lowest of our
country ever and the property index is
also best number ever leagues and teams
love coming to the White House I'm a big
fan of okay well I don't know that's
just that's not that fun all right so
here's what to make of all the the
Google stuff it does look to me that
Google has been having direct
conversations about people like Dave
Rubin people like Crowder etc and it
does seem that they are there are people
within the company whose intentions are
to block them from being seen so the
fact that Google has employees who
apparently have intentions of blocking
some kind of voices that they consider
over the line but you and I would
consider like right down in the middle
is enough to regulate so I think the
case for regulating the social media
platforms is now made is there anybody
who would disagree with that is there
anybody out here who doesn't think the
social media platforms have to be
regulated now with what we know even if
everything we've heard is not exactly
the way it would happened the the
uncertainty that injects into the system
it really it's no longer a question
anymore
now we should be talking about how to do
it somebody says break up I don't think
so I don't think breaking them up is the
answer I mean I I'm open to that
conversation but my first blush is no
don't break them up all right I have a
friend who has the worst case of TDS
that I know in person and here's the
amazing thing my friend emailed me this
yesterday he said have I seen this
latest accuser against President Trump
have I seen the things she's saying and
now surely I must stop saying good
things about President Trump he argued
because now this latest accusation from
the the L writer is so credible he said
and so you know on point that clearly I
must know that it's true and I read that
email and I thought what what universe
are you living in where that looked
totally credible to you and so I said
have you seen me Anderson Cooper
interview and he said that he had seen
the Allison cammarata interview which to
me looked just as crazy but he hadn't
yet seen the Anderson Cooper so he
watched it and then he emailed me back
and said okay he did watch that and that
was I don't forget what word to use but
he did mention there was there was an
unusual interview
but he was still convinced that it was
true really can you watch the intercept
Cooper interview and come away thinking
that that's a credible accusation
can you really now the the fun part of
this story is that people realized that
there was a law-and-order SUV plot that
is disturbingly similar in which on law
and order SUV the TV show there was
mention and I saw the clip there's
mention of somebody being raped in a
Bergdorf Goodman changing area while
trying on lingerie
now people said is that a coincidence
and I'm here to tell you probably
probably if if you had to put money on
it
would you say that the accuser saw this
TV show and then turned it into her
imagination and then used it well maybe
I mean I wouldn't rule that out but by
far the most likely explanation this is
just a coincidence because it's a big
world and coincidences happen all the
time it's a weird one
but probably a coincidence now the other
thing that people suggested is that the
accuser is actually a writer and she
might have actually been the source of
the plot maybe somebody knew her and
heard the story and they were a writer
Freddie as for you so it might not be a
coincidence it might be that the TV show
was based on the real up you know the
real reported incident which probably
wasn't real alright it was a it's really
amazing to see behind the door and to
see somebody who's so deeply in TDS
denial that the Anderson Cooper
interviewed looked like a serious
interview there was an interesting quote
tweet by Balaji Sreenivasan one of the
smartest people on Twitter if you're not
following Balaji you should you tweeted
that the future will will include
pseudonym
for people who are online in other words
the future might be that we all have
multiple identities we have our online
identity which is not our real identity
so that we can say anything we want
because we'll be just characters online
and will not be real people but then for
getting paid
you need a real identity because money
has to be associated with real people so
that the future might be will have more
than one identity somebody says what I
already do here's something fun brian
Stelter at CNN says he's watching Fox
and seeing the talk shows promote the
project Veritas video that I just talked
about and he says I googled for a
reliable news account about what's going
on and I can't really find one are you
having the same reaction that most of
the people on Twitter had when they saw
that that's right
brian Stelter said he doesn't understand
why he can't google and find a story
about why Google is bad I'm not making
that up
that this actually happened he doesn't
understand why here Google a story about
Google being bad and manipulating search
results I mean that's rage anyway
remember I told you that there's a
there's a good filter for reality one of
the filters for reality I will talk
about the when somebody's asking about
that one of the filters for reality is
that if something is reported only on
the conservative side or only on the
liberal side is probably not true but
right now the liberal side let's say see
it in MSNBC are not they don't seem to
be reporting that the project Veritas
stuff is not true
and they would easily do that if they
believed that to be the case
they're simply ignoring it so this is
sort of a special case where one side is
reporting it widely and the other side
acts like it doesn't exist and then or
at least mostly doesn't exist brian
Stelter is saying why didn't I see any
credible sources for this but here's the
thing the project Veritas is the source
so is he looking for something more
credible a bit is that what do you say I
don't know looking for a second source I
don't know but I would say at this point
you should at least be asking yourself
why you're only seeing this on the
conservative side it's a good question
isn't it is there a reason that you're
only seeing it on one side there might
be Andrew yang had an interesting offer
you is going to offer a thousand dollars
a month to one person that he will
select who retweets his tweet making the
offer and of course this is related to
his idea that people should get at
universal basic income of a thousand
dollars a month so he's going to give a
thousand dollars a month for a year to
somebody who just he picks from the
people who retweeted him now that was
really smart it really smart I'm talking
about persuasion wise politically
getting attention he has this you know
wacky idea of the ubi and by the way I'm
now saying it's wacky that's other
people's opinion I think there might
actually be some substance to it I'd
love to talk to him about it but it's a
it's a fringe idea in the sense that the
mainstream people are not talking about
so much as he is and he's getting a lot
of attention for a very low price a lot
of attention for a very low price of
$12,000 I think he got over 50,000 new
followers
he got headlines he's got me talking
about it I mean you're talking about him
very good play now I don't
that Andrew yang can become the nominee
I think the I think that the Democrats
just don't have the right I don't feel
for him he might be a more serious
player in a future future election but I
think he could he's got a chance of
making the top four by the end so I
would say the yang will get into the top
four that's gonna be my my prediction
before the Democrat primary yang will
make the top four so I'll make that my
prediction let's say somebody asked me
about the when the when is the
cryptocurrency this is associated with
my startup and you might know that Eric
finiman made two predictions Eric fenman
is the so-called boy genius millionaire
who made his first million and then lost
more millions with Bitcoin and Eric made
a call recently that Bitcoin was was
going to go way up and right after he
made that call that Bitcoin was going to
go way up what happened
Bitcoin broke out and bitcoin is way up
now I better check that because that
could change any moment but let me check
today's situation is Bitcoin still up
today it's up its up almost eleven
percent today
so it's screaming so remember I told you
there was something called the Eric
Shannon effect I said that Eric actually
can move a market he actually moved the
entire Bitcoin market because I don't
think anything else happened right did
anything else much happen I don't think
so I think the Bitcoin millionaire /
genius which is he is all of those
things
he's a Bitcoin millionaire and the
genius and he called he called the
Bitcoin move exactly do you know what
else he called you're gonna love this
do you know what else he called the
election of President Trump he was one
of the very few people who sought way
before anybody else thought so now he's
called Bitcoin twice twice once he got
richer than the second time this latest
run and he called the Trump election
coincidence I think at some point you
have to say to yourself okay let's pay
attention to him so somebody asked me
about the when Eric also called out the
when as a likely high potential crypto
that's not Bitcoin and the when went on
the run as soon as Eric mentioned it
because that's what it does now there's
a four this smaller traded the
currencies they're gonna pop up and down
and that's what's happening but I think
the volume of trade is that was that an
all-time high the other day so he's
created a great deal of interest there
are a number of speculators who have the
when they've got to sell them off before
you can you can form a bottom that you
can rise so we're in a normal state of
up and down that we expect and it should
stabilize if the company does well so
one of the main things to make the when
valuable is the company succeeds and the
company is interface by one hub it's an
app for experts and you're going to see
some more promotion coming up in the
next month on that the when is not an
investment all right cryptocurrencies
are not investments at most is something
you could add to a portfolio in a small
amount because you think that you know
there are a number of things that might
go up and you don't know which one so
you get them all in case one goes up so
if you're going to diversify it makes
sense steps in crypto make sense steps
the Bitcoin as I do and it might make
sense for you to have a few other crypto
assets as a small part of your portfolio
alright I will tell you more about
interface by when hub in the next days
some interesting things
oh and by the way if anybody wants some
free attention for your business if you
have a website and you have pasted our
interface button on there
which would allow somebody to click on
it and go into a video call with you
which could be paid or or free if
anybody wants to add that code to their
webpage go to web hub comm look for your
own profile if you've created it in the
app and there'll be some code that you
could just put in your web page whoever
does that I will mention you on Twitter
and on my periscope so if anybody wants
to get a whole bunch of free publicity
from their website just go on interface
by when up
form a make a profile and that will
allow you to go to when hub comm and
grab the code for that profile stick it
just copy paste stick it into your web
page and tell me and then I'll show I'll
show it to null tweet it and I'll
promote it alright that's enough for now
I will be watching the democratic
debates I will be live tweeting it and I
will and I will talk to you later