on YouTube yesterday just got a message
that I might have been blocked on
YouTube for saying something
inflammatory but I don't know about
that all
right we're going to have quite a show
here
today despite the rocky start
[Music]
you know I still haven't figured out why
this part of
my screen is
always messed
up but not if I do that what is up with
that I don't know
anyway good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and today is going to be an
amazing amazing show better than normal
and that's quite a standard isn't it and
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cup or mug or
glass a tankered Shel orstein a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine the
H of the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now
go oh
delightful well before you notice on
your own I have a confession that things
went wrong this
morning you might notice there's a bunch
of Ink on my forearm and there's a bunch
of Ink on my hand and until a moment ago
my head was covered with ink as well
it turns
out that I was using this little
portable back
scratcher and it it telescopes s like
this when you want to use it and it's
exactly the right size if you have uh a
back scratch problem like I do now I
don't know if you've ever had any kind
of a body itch problem but there's one
thing I can tell you is that you could
identify exactly where it is by what
part of my body is impossible to reach
uned
now I don't have very long arms so if
you look at
this you can
see you can see that there's a Zone in
the middle of my back about the size of
a large grapefruit that there's no
possible way any part of my body could
reach it to scratch it so part of my
travel requirements is I can never go
anywhere within a back scratcher because
otherwise I'm going to have to find like
a wall to rub against like a bear
and yes I do all the you know I put
anti-itching cream on it and I do
everything that anybody smart would do
doesn't make any difference yeah I think
some of it's psychological actually but
anyway I put my little back scratcher in
the pen
holder and I haven't investigated but it
would seem that one of my pens has
leaked and now it was full of ink and
then I got it on my hands and then I
rubbed my head and my head was covered
with ink
when I first went on to my pre-show
today but the rest of the today it's
going to be way better all right here
are the stories of the
day um did you know that coffee could
cut your liver cancer risk by
50% if I'm not Immortal already I'm well
on my way because every single day I
tell you there's another study that says
coffee will make you live longer and
reduce your risks well there it is your
your odds of liver cancer are cut by 50%
according to the National Coffee
blog and uh I don't think the national
coffee blog would ever be lying to
you so data is always right when it
agrees with what you want it to
be the bigger theme today is data is
always wrong and you should just ask me
it would be much faster if you would
come to me and said Scott we're thinking
of doing a study on the health benefits
of coffee on various organs and parts of
the body and the Brain I would say whoa
whoa
whoa calm down you don't need to do all
that work just ask me all right is
coffee good for you
yes see see how much faster that was
it's way
faster and how about uh is there a new
technology to make the batteries for
your cars and your phones and everything
much much more effective every day
here's another one turns out that uh
Samsung just demonstrated a 600 mile
battery for automobiles that would uh
charge in 9 minutes and uh Toyota and
Samsung have already agreed to mass
produce
them 600 miles would be farther than the
current Tesla technology and charging in
9 minutes would be kind of amazing but
is that bad for Tesla well I assume that
Tesla also is sampling all the new
technologies for batteries and we'll be
quick to implement new Battery
Technology as well so we'll see how that
goes here's another
one uh apparently according to the
guardian there's another study that says
depression is highly linked with poor
physical health so if your body is not
healthy it will make you feel depressed
h Huh do you think they could have saved
a little money I think you knew where
I'm going with this if they had just
said Scott were thinking of spending a
lot of money and taking a lot of time to
study whether being
unhealthy changes your mental attitude
and I would decid whoa whoa you don't
need to do that study just ask me and
then they say Okay Scott is being
unhealthy bad for your mental state
possibly making you depressed and I
would say yes and then they would say oh
thank you you saved us a lot of time and
money that's just one of the services I
can I can give
you here's another
one apparently uh um according to the
Japan times when big companies like to
do risk assessment for Real Estate or
insurance they would like to know what
is the what is the climate risk and what
is the risk of
flooding well luck
there are a number of companies that
create uh complicated prediction models
to tell you if your location is likely
to be flooded and how badly and when
would it surprise you to know that the
companies that make these proprietary
models for predicting these things don't
agree with each
other let's see who would have known
that in
advance let's say if you told me Scott
there'll be a number of companies that
will be creating their own models of how
how risky it is to build in certain
areas because of flooding will those
models all agree with each other what do
you think Scott and I would have said no
they will not agree with each
other and then they would have said oh
thank you you just saved us a bunch of
time and money I mean see how easy this
is just ask me next time you're thinking
about a study just ask me yes the not
only do the proprietary models that are
very complicated and you could never do
these yourself you'd better pay for pay
a lot for some big company to do a
complicated prediction model for you no
way you could be trusted to do this kind
of thing and then they're not going to
show you how they did it because you
know it's proprietary but they're going
to charge you for it and it won't agree
with the other people who also won't
show you how they do it because it's
proprietary but you better pay for
it so think those big climate models are
some
science I know why you're going to say
but Scott that's different because the
climate models are all in the same
direction you basic they're not exactly
the same but they're all sort of
directionally they're in that same zone
so yeah that you can depend on those
because if all the models are done by
different people and they all look the
sameish that would be very credible
wouldn't
it
no because anybody who ever created a
model that wasn't in that range it would
be
discarded that's all you need to know
there is no way you could get anything
but a whole bunch of models that are
roughly the same as long as those are
the only ones that can get you paid for
making a model follow the money it's
going to work every
time could have asked me here's one have
you ever heard me say that music is a
drug that goes into your ear
those of you who have been with me a
while you've heard me say it a million
times the music I treat it like it's a
medicine so I I literally use Music
medically I say what mood am I in what
mood do I want to be in is there a
musical selection that would move me
toward that mood I want to be in and
then I apply it but the last thing I
would ever do is randomly turn on some
your know DJ selected list of music
because it's going to be all sad ship oh
my girlfriend left me I'm so sad what am
I going to do I and and then the worst
thing the worst thing in music is a man
singing a song about how sad he is
because he can't get his
woman I don't want to hear that so it
turns out there's a uh study or they're
they're trying to figure out how to use
classical music to
improve depression
symptoms exactly like I've been telling
you for 20 years which is if you use
Music
medically and you select it for that
purpose you're almost certainly going to
be able to change people's mental state
and sure enough they're studying it to
make sure they can do it
well uh let's see what else would Scott
have told you that science is just
catching up oh Bloomberg has a story
there was a little research that found
out that Tik Tok shows less anti-china
content than its Rivals huh so
apparently if you go searching on Tik
Tok for terms like tienan Tibet and
weager um you know things that you would
commonly associate with not the best
Chinese Behavior Uh you'll see less
anti-china content than if you were to
search on Instagram YouTube or other
places huh now who could have who you
could have you asked if Tik Tock is a
little bit biased
pro-china so well you know you could
have asked me you could have just said
Scott is the company that's controlled
by China giving a lot of anti-china
propaganda compared to other places I
would have said I don't think so I I
think maybe they' do a little less than
the other people and then they'd say
thank you Scott we just saved a whole
whole bunch of time and money because we
were going to study it now we don't have
to yeah that's what you could have
done there's a Texas town that printed a
whole neighborhood with a big this giant
3D printer that just prints the walls
and some concrete
material and now they built the whole
town and uh you can build one of these
homes with just a very small team of
people and and a big device that's the
3D printer so it's it's wild
um efficient compared to having a big
team of people spending months building
your house a little team of people with
a big machine shows up and B next thing
you know you got walls
house uh how is it working out well it
turns out that the cost of these highly
efficient 3D printed houses is
uh oh just about the same as a regular
house okay so there's no there's no
Financial reason to get one of these
if you're the
customer but it looks like the company
making them can make a lot more money
than a regular company so that's good
news
right well you're probably thinking you
wanted the cheaper house but you're not
going to get that but at least the
concrete printed houses will be in every
way just as good as oh it turns out that
if you have these thick concrete walls
the Wi-Fi signal won't go through
them so so uh so you can't have Wi-Fi
too easily but I'm sure they'll solve
that that sounds like a solvable
problem and the walls are great
insulation so if you're in a place with
severe weather they're a really good
choice now uh I don't want to sound like
I'm negative on this because I'm not too
negative on it um I think that if you
have lots of companies trying lots of
different Technologies for lowering the
expense of building a home that's got to
be all good in the long run I don't know
if it'll be this model per se or
something else but um I would worry more
about
the how you can change the
walls I don't know if you've ever lived
in one house for a long time there's
almost always a point where you say you
know what if I took this wall out this
would be much better I don't know if you
could take a wall out with these
concrete walls so that's a question am
but if it doesn't cost less for one of
those houses that should take a lot of
the fun out of
it researchers according to Popular
Science researchers are worried about
interacting with the AI could turn
humans into
jerks do you think that's a risk that if
you do a lot of interacting with AI
you'll become more of a
jerk well it could go either way could
have asked me because I've spoken with
AI quite a bit maybe more than most
people and here's my my take on it um if
you ask AI if it has an ego it'll say no
I don't have feelings I don't have an
ego and uh you can you know treat me any
way you want basically it's fine I'm
just pattern recognition so I found in
some cases I could be rude to Ai and it
won't care
so I can you know chastise it kind of do
whatever I want and I'm not going to
worry that it would be mad at me later
so do the researchers have a point that
if I spend let's say all morning talking
to Ai and I'm not being polite and I'm
not saying thank you and I'm not saying
please will I take that habit into my
human conversations and the answer is
maybe maybe but here's the
Counterpoint AI is designed to be polite
so AI will be polite to me all day
long will that have more effect by me
copying the AI and becoming polite the
way it's being polite to me or will my
not caring about his feelings cause me
to enter a pattern in which I'm bad to
it and then I carry that into my human
interactions well here's the answer to
that question why would I have human
interactions if I've got an AI to talk
to have you met any humans oh my God no
I'm just joking sort of not really
um so it could go either way we'll find
out maybe it'll make us more
polite there's a shock survey according
to study finds that uh 85% of parents
are thrilled to have their adult kids
move back home I'm not surprised about
that at all uh have you privately talked
to any adults who have had their kids
move back home
it's always mixed it's always like oh
you know you're you feel bad that they
couldn't strike out and you know make a
life on their own because you kind of
want that for them but on the other hand
kind of nice to have them around you
know if you like your family
so I think that this is part of a larger
Trend I think that a lot of uh seniors
are going to have a lot of Roommates who
are young people why well take me for
example well I'm a bad example but my
house is bigger than I need because I'm
certain generation and made my money and
I'm a certain age so suppose I had
roommates that simply were adding
something to my life such as if I
dropped dead they could call 911 or if
something heavy needed to be moved maybe
they could pick it up and I couldn't so
I'm definitely in a conceptual way not
ready yet I I'm not I don't feel I'm
elderly enough for this yet I feel like
aging doesn't really apply to me in the
normal way probably everybody feels that
but uh I can see at some point that my
optimal life would be to have three
roommates who just use you know use the
fact that the house has good facilities
and you know the rooms are nice and they
just do some things for me that I
wouldn't be able to do for myself and
it's just safer for me to have other
people around safer from burglars too
right so my my neighborhood has been hit
by this looks like an organized burglar
gang and they seem to somehow know when
people are home and when they're not
haven't figured out how they do that yet
but they hit when you're not home even
during the day so it doesn't matter when
it's usually during the day actually
they don't do night because they assume
you'd be in there sleeping so they're
try to find when you're not there but it
would be very helpful to have a home
where there's always you know two or
three cars in the driveway and then
anybody looking at it will say oh
there's probably somebody in that home
and there would
be all
right um Trump had a good line I don't
think he delivered it as well as he
could but it was a great line he
apparently he's joking that when he
starts off his rally back in Butler
Pennsylvania so he's going to go back
there and do another rally the same site
where he was nearly killed shot in the
air that the first thing he's going to
say when he starts his uh rally in
Butler he's going to start with this
sentence as I was
saying now is that a great line I don't
think it was his own line is I think
maybe somebody suggested it but I can't
think of anything that would be funnier
than watching Trump stand up in front of
a a roaring a roaring Butler
Pennsylvania audience that's you know
thrilled that he came back to this of
the attempted assassination you know the
most baller thing you could ever do and
then it gets
quiet and then the first thing he says
is as I was saying and then he just goes
right back into the the same the same
PowerPoint slide that that went off
start with the same PowerPoint and just
act like nothing happened that would be
hilarious now but he's all he's already
signaled it so I think he stepped on his
own joke by signaling it and advance but
it still work it would still
work well I'm very impressed that when
Elon Musk said he was going to sue that
uh advertising Coalition called garm
that apparently had been instrumental in
getting um advertisers to avoid the
xplatform which cost Trump or cost musk
billions uh so he said he would sue them
for their non-competitive actions I
guess and they immediately folded
they went out of business they decid
we're done uhh we're done we're going to
run away we didn't didn't even mean it
we don't even exist forget what
everything forget what we said we don't
even exist sorry we
disbanded and uh they said that there a
small not for-profit initiative and the
recent allegations misconstruing its
purpose and activities well I don't know
how misconstrued they were of course a
distraction insignificantly drained its
resources and
finances good for you I'll tell you this
is one of the most satisfying wins but
here's what I worry about they gave up a
little too
easily which suggests they have another
way to get the same result which is
keeping X from getting advertisers
without this
organization so I'm not sure it's the
clean when it looks like because in this
world things are never exactly what they
look like it could be that they just
realized they didn't need to exist
because they've accomplished their
mission it could be that they've
poisoned X from advertisers so
permanently that they don't need to do
it anymore it just will take care of
itself maybe the advertisers will just
decide they don't need to advertise on X
even though apparently it's a good bang
for the buck you may have seen the story
about uh Joe
Rogan said some good things about RFK Jr
which caused people to be mad because
they thought he might be more
Trump uh Trump oriented so here's the
story so on The Joe Rogan Experience he
said uh Rogan said he was a fan of
Kennedy he said quote he's the only one
that makes sense to me uh quote he
doesn't attack people he attacks actions
and ideas and he's much more reasonable
and
intelligent well that of course became a
big story because it looked like he was
being anti-trump which he wasn't he was
just saying that he likes some qualities
of RFK Jr it wasn't an endorsement but
Trump went at him hard um well maybe you
I'm not sure if this is going at him
hard this was more like a warning shot
or something but uh Trump does a shot
against the bow across the bow with a a
post on Truth he said it will be
interesting to see how loudly Joe rug
Rogan gets booed the next time he enters
the UFC ring Trump posted
now Trump is very Adept at making sure
that if you're on his side you get
praised and you get benefits and if
you're even a little bit against him he
will immediately make sure that that's
expensive and wow this is quite a threat
because you know what kind of a uh you
know you know what kind of reaction
Trump gets when he goes to the UFC it's
his people and Trump's basically telling
his people the UFC fans you know this
Joe Rogan you might want to boo him the
next time now that would be very bad for
Joe Rogan because he doesn't need that
kind of trouble and it's not exactly
accurate to what he said or did or
thought so Rogan immediately tried toh
clean that up by saying uh for the
record he said this isn't an endorsement
this is me saying that I like RFK Jr as
a person and I really appreciate the way
he discusses things with Civility and
intelligence I think we could use more
of that in this
world but here's where it's funny so he
also said uh what Zuckerberg said which
I think is a smart thing to to say Rogan
also said that um that where Trump
raised his fist and yelled fight after
the assassination attempt was quote one
of the most American effing things of
all
time um but then Rogan said quote I'm
not the guy to get political information
from if you want that from a comic go to
Comic Dave Smith he actually knows what
he's talking
about so one of the things that makes
Joe Rogen the National Treasure that he
is is that his his ego is probably the
most healthy ego I've ever seen in my
life meaning that you know if there are
things he's good at he'll just sort of
do them you know such as podcasting and
UFC commenting and stand up so he
doesn't tell you he's great at anything
he just does great things and then you
know it's up to you to judge it and so
but he also has this uh wonderful sense
of humility that politics isn't really
his strong domain so if you want
political opinion go to see someone else
and then he recommends who you should
see now that's about that's about as
perfectly
handled as you could handle anything and
and I would say that even the way he
handled this is another example of Rogan
just being excellent as something but
being quietly excellent doesn't make a
big deal about it he just does what I
would consider a really strong response
that should just take the energy out of
the out of the whole thing
so it's just fun to watch uh a couple of
people at their the height of their
powers you know Trump of course but then
Rogan very deafly handling it which was
impressive I
think all right here's a uh reframe that
I have mentioned a few times but I
introduced in a larger piece on X and
I'm going to share it with you and it's
the observation that Democrats have what
I call a goal Orient
view of life that is the there are
things they want and Republicans have a
more of a systems approach which is if
the system is designed correctly and we
all respect the system you can get the
best result from that so here are some
here are some
examples um and by the way I always say
that goals are for
losers systems are for winners I'll
explain more about that but um let's say
here are some examples so KL Harris is
going after the high prices that
corporations are charging in some
Industries such as um Pharma and I think
such as probably
energy and maybe rents are going to be
part of that conversation but the the
question is what do you do about higher
prices well if high prices are because
of
inflation which they seem to be if you
were to put a price gap on some
Industries those Industries would be
completely
destroyed now does anybody need any
proof of
that to the best of my knowledge that
would be something that 100% of all
economists whether they lean left or
right would agree with that if you put
price caps from the government on
anybody's industry the industry will be
almost instantly
destroyed uh Richard Nixon found that
out
and California recently found that out I
told you that U my neighbors and I
almost can't get house insurance because
the state California said that the
insurance companies can't raise their
prices even though their costs went
through the roof so if your costs are
going through the roof mostly from
forest fires and homes being more
expensive to replace if your costs are
going through the roof and then the
government tells you you can't raise
your prices to match your cost to doing
business what do you do well it turns
out that the insurance companies that
were dealing with California just pulled
out they just said we can't work in an
environment where our costs are going up
like crazy but we can't raise our prices
so we're out we're just literally at a
business they just stopped doing
business in
California now that's not just
predictable that's every time there's
only one way that goes and anytime has
been tried it went that way instantly so
K Harris is
is
suggesting price
gaps
now I would call that a
goal so if I said to you um I would like
prices to go
down and a Democrat says good we'll make
a law that says price can't go up all
right done solved it so that would be a
goal where you just jump right to the
solution all right we'll force you to
not raise your prices problem solved
it's not really a
system the system was the free market
the free market would have adjusted it
would have taken some time and it would
have been ugly but the free market
always adjusts if if the government gets
in there it's just permanently broken
you can't fix from
that
so so here are some things which uh I
would argue Democrats a goal oriented
approach
Dei Dei is okay make sure you have this
the right number of people from each
group but what's the system to get there
see the problem it ignores that the
system to get there is going to break
more than it's going to
fix there's no real system that can get
you there without more cost than benefit
how about climate
change climate they're like it's too hot
got to make it cooler well what's the
system from getting there well if the
system is stop pumping oil before you
have some way to survive and have good
good uh companies or have a good economy
you can't really get there so just going
directly to the goal you know with the
the force of government terrible idea
whereas the um I would say the
Republican system is best described by V
ramas Swami
which is if you don't know exactly what
the danger is and sometimes being too
cold is going to kill you like eight
times more likely than too hot and too
hot might kill you too but how do you
solve both too hot and too cold what is
the solution for a world that's either
too hot or too cold as V says very
succinctly it's energy if you have
plentiful energy you can turn on the
heat if if you have plentiful energy you
can turn on the
AC or you can build yourself a new house
that's nice and nice and insulated so a
system in the I'd say the Republican
system which is you make sure that
you're as wealthy and as
educated and as free as you possibly can
be and then you're ready for everything
you're not just ready for climate change
you're ready for everything so if it's
too hot if it's too cold you got money
to solve it if there's a flood you got
money to solve it if you need to
relocate you got money to solve it but
if you don't have money to solve it
everything is the end of
humanity there are all kinds of things
that could wipe you out if you don't
have resources resources are the
solution to everything so the Republican
system of giving you maximum Free Speech
maximum resources maximum freedom
maximum reduction of of uh government
interference should create the maximum
power within a country or the world or
even a family where you can solve a
whole variety of problems not just the
heat that's a good
system look at
uh yeah so de Dei climate change and
price capping of pharmacies and
pharmaceuticals and all that those are
all G goal oriented and they are all
suboptimal as
systems um here's another example Pelosi
says her main goal in life basically or
politics I guess is keeping Trump out of
office the main goal is keeping Trump
out of office again trying to skip right
to the
goal what's the what let's compare that
to the Republican
system the Republic an are trying to
protect Free Speech because it's being
lost uh they're trying to make sure that
people have the right information and
they want to make sure that our
elections are not rigal and that we
could we would know if anybody
tried so if you have elections that
people trust and are not rigged and you
can audit them easily to know for sure
and you have maximum Free
Speech are you worried about who becomes
president if you have a good system
you're going to get good leaders because
people will know what they're voting for
they'll understand the situation they'll
say oh this one's better than that one
but
no instead of a system to pick the best
person you be a trump or be a anybody
else Pelosi just wants to stop Trump
that's a goal and you'll see this very
consistently um you also see that there
is ignoring of usually half of every
problem here's another
example um I think it was Attorney
General Andrew Bailey of Missouri uh had
done a uh had done some kind of a legal
attempt to block the half a trillion
dollar student loan forgiveness that the
Biden Administration was trying to do so
were trying to forgive a whole bunch of
student loans now I saw a Democrat
saying well you know now that was a good
idea to forgive those loans and the
reason is it would be really really
helpful to the people who took out the
loans to which I say and and finish your
point oh your Point's finished that it
would be really good for the people who
got the
money well we all knew that it's the
other half what about the people who
paid the money that didn't get to go to
college in many cases
so the Democrat approach is you skip
right to the goal oh we want to relieve
the student debt problem which is a huge
problem but they're leaving out the fact
that you would have to trample on other
people's rights and sensibilities to get
there what what would be the uh the
Republican method the Republican method
is everybody takes care of their own
problems if if you if you took out a
loan you shouldn't have taken out that
might be between you and the government
and the university but it's not about me
if I didn't take out those loans or I
paid back my
loans um I have paid back some
government loans for somebody else not
me but uh yeah you got to show the whole
story or else or else it's
nonsense so you see it quite uh quite
clearly and by the way congratulations
to attorney general and Bailey from
Missouri for a big win for the people
who want those uh payments to be
cancelled now it is still a big problem
but got to look at the whole
picture all right um oh I I didn't have
this in my notes but I saw a fascinating
conversation between uh Mark hubben and
V ramaswami and it included some talk
about uh how to look at climate
change and I I teased a littleit bit
about V saying that if you if you take
care of your wealth you're in the best
position for all kinds of problems
that's an excellent answer but uh Mark
Cuban's argument was that although you
might doubt the existential risk of
climate change you can't doubt that
there's some risk and let's say you
thought that was a 1% risk of destroying
the world for your kids Cuban would say
wouldn't you still put like maximum
effort into it because you really have
to get rid of that 1% risk because it's
a risk of everything being ended do you
agree with that logic do you think that
is a correct risk management risk reward
way to look at it so let me say it again
and just tell me if you think the logic
makes sense if there's a 1% chance that
climate change caused by humans could
just destroy civilization or something
like that wouldn't you put maximum
effort into it to make sure that 1%
didn't happen yes or no the answer is
no no that is not good risk management
which surprises me because I think that
Cuban is unusually good at risk
management in fact you know I think
there are multiple
examples um certainly the the way he
handled his his business Affairs in the
past and made sure that broadcom didn't
get tanked and he kept his money and all
that so he's actually very good at risk
management but this one doesn't make
sense and let me tell you why because
there are too many things like it if you
were going to put your focus and your
you know major resources into stopping a
1%
problem there are too many of
them how about the risk that a medeor
will hit the earth and destroy
it is that bigger or less than the risk
of climate change well I don't know but
let's say they're both in that 1% CH
risk shouldn't we put maximum effort
into building rocket ships to take us to
Mars because the whole planet's at risk
from that
meteor how about the national debt
problem shouldn't we just stop
everything we're doing and figuring out
how to can how to take care of the
national debt whatever that takes what
about
fenel what about the cartels the cartels
getting enough uh let's say enough
Traction in the United States that
there's a reasonably good chance that
cartels will be running America in 10
years is that a bigger or smaller risk
than climate change I think it's
bigger but I could go down the list and
I could give you probably 10 more things
that have a 1% chance of ruining
everything in the
world so if you can't give your you know
your focus and your attention to all of
those 10 or 20 things that if everything
went wrong it could be the end of the
world like climate change which I which
I acknowledge there's some chance it
could ruin the world I I acknowledge
that to be true a chance uh I would bet
against it very heavily so here's what I
think I think V had the better
riskmanagement
proposal because uh we really can't
trust climate models and we can't can't
trust the science
completely and there's so many other
things that are the end of all Humanity
if we don't do them right that you
pretty much have to make sure that the
humans are as strong as possible so that
they can take on whatever weird risks
come at
us all right so that's how I see risk
management um so there's the weirdest
thing happening with Hunter Biden uh
there's currently a court case in which
part of their uh accusations from the
government are that it's it's obvious
that Biden was um taking money from
foreign countries to influence American
policy and then they go on to which we
say wait wait a minute wait a minute
you're saying it's a given and it's
inevidence that Hunter Biden was doing
far violations meaning meaning that he
had not registered as a foreign agent
who would be legally allowed to promote
the interests of other countries in in
America it's legal as long as you
register but he's not registered never
was so according to Jonathan Turley who
I recommend as the source if you want to
read more about this apparently it's now
completely obvious and inevidence we've
got bank records we've got eyewitnesses
we've got all kinds of evidence that not
only did Hunter Biden accept millions of
dollars from foreign countries Ukraine
and Romania and China but that he very
clearly was influencing American policy
and that's why he got the money nothing
no other service was was ever presented
or even proposed or even
alleged there was literally nothing else
to it but taking money to influence
policy through his father who was vice
president at the time and the weird
thing is that we're trying to understand
why if it's so obvious that he committed
a crime that a republican would go to
jail for there's not even a
charge and the answer is because his
father's the
president that's it it's exactly what it
looks like it's two standards of of
justice and they can do it right in
front of you because as long as the
mainstream media treats it like it's not
a story you're not going to treat it
like it's a story
either let let me go back and connect a
couple of things the reason that Hunter
will probably get away with no far
charges is that the news will just
ignore it and if it's only the news on
the right they're not powerful enough to
get anything done it has to be the
mainstream says it's a story or it's not
a story and if the public doesn't think
it's a story because it's complicated or
they don't believe it or whatever
nobody needs to do anything because it
wouldn't be enough public pressure to
make
them um but going back to the uh climate
change
risk the thing that you need to know
about risk is that the thing that you as
a human being will judge as your biggest
risk is whatever you're exposed to the
mo the most so if you take Mark Cuban a
normal person in the normal world and he
looks at the news there's probably going
to be a story about how climate change
is going to kill you and the next day
you look at the news well there's
another story about climate change is
going to kill us all so how many stories
are there about meteors destroying the
earth once a year it's sort of out there
but not really focused on because
nobody's raising any money for it I
guess so what you think is your biggest
risk is never the biggest risk what you
think is your biggest risk will always
be whatever you were exposed to the most
so the reason that a Mark Cuban and you
know half of the country thinks that
climate change is their biggest risk has
nothing to do with the size of the
risk has everything to do with how often
they hear about it now if you don't
understand that important
point the world is a confusing place
what you think is
important is simply what you hear the
most now that's hard to believe because
you're saying to yourself that's not
true because I apply I I apply my reason
and my thoughts and my knowledge and my
deep research to every question so
doesn't matter how much I hear about it
I've I've applied my thinking to it so
it's my thinking that's driving my
opinions no it's not no all science is
very clear on this whatever you're
exposed to the most you'll think is true
now are there people who are immune to
it yes yes there are some people who
have created structures in their brain
where they can
somewhat ignore the things they're
hearing the most and use the reason but
that's rare if you're looking at the
public in general all that matters is
how often you see it that's it the the
reason that um Democrats went from kamla
Harris doesn't seem like a good
candidate to us to my God we're so
excited it's the best thing we've ever
seen uh I'm so happy with Harris is
because the news kept telling you that
she was doing great and if the news kept
saying she was great and she's doing
great well then you started to think it
was true was it true because you used
your reason and your deep research to
find out that you were always wrong
about K Harris and indeed she was an
amazing candidate and she'd be a great C
president nothing like that happened no
there was just more
pictures there were just more times you
heard her name that's it that's all it
takes it doesn't take more than
that all right um rasmason is having a
good time the last several days um it's
been several days since KL Harris picked
wal as her running mate do you know what
hasn't happened in several
days a new
poll huh why would that be well it's not
that nobody has a new poll r
themselves has a new poll that showed
that Trump was still handily ahead Five
Points I
think now rasmuson points out that they
are not similar to other polls there are
other polls that seem to be showing that
Harris has pulled even
ore but they're not
current so there's some
suspicion that it's not because the
other pollsters didn't do any polling
this week I mean after Walsh was picked
but that they've seen their own polls
and they've decided not to show
you do you think that's possible do do
you think that the polls showed that
Harris is getting stomped and that walls
didn't help a bit and that they're just
sitting on the polls because rasmuson is
sort of suggesting that there's a little
bit of obvious Collective
tardiness in updating the
poll and when they don't update the poll
and it looks to you like you know last
week Harris was pulling even it allowed
the betting the betting markets actually
pulled even too so for a while the the
polls said Harris and Trump were about
even but the betting markets were still
saying Trump Trump trump but if you let
that stay for a while you don't update
your polls the betting markets adjust to
the poles and that's what happened and
now those things have a life of their
own so it could influence future betting
and the future betting could influence
future polling and future polling could
influence future betting and so it's
there there's sort of a thing here going
on that you should keep an eye on maybe
it's a
coincidence that rasmuson had a poll and
the others didn't maybe or maybe
the next wave of polls are going to be
shocking meaning that Trump has in firm
command now I'm not predicting that I'm
just saying that this is the implication
of rasmuson having a poll and the others
not having one for some reason that we
can't
explain all
right um I saw back in November uh 2022
wal was on a radio program and the
videos going around of him being asked
about closing schools CU his state was
pretty aggressive and keeping schools
closed and uh the interviewer the host
pointed out that the the kids lost a lot
of uh learning by the
homeschooling and wall said I don't buy
it these kids learned resiliency they
had to figure out how to get online so
he's actually arguing
that school children were not damaged in
terms of their development by the
closures and that you have to look at
all the people he whose lives he saved
he would
claim all right so to me again that is a
more half
opinion the the half opinion is you can
just ignore the damage to the children
and just look at the thing that you
claim worked which is maybe you save
some lives don't know about that
um but I would also
say that conservatives have a problem
with the same argument but a different
problem here here's what I hear mostly
from conservatives when they talk about
school
closings the school closing uh hurt the
children so it was all
bad but I don't think schools were
closed because people thought the
children would die from the co unless I
was in a different country than you
were my understanding is that the
problem with kids being exposed is that
they would take it home and grandma
would
die so the school closure was never
about the benefit of the
kids um did you hear a different story
than I did so it sort of it seems like
it it changed into the story was that
the kids needed to be protected but
indeed they were worse off because the
the vaccinations allegedly cause more
problems than benefits and the school
closing caused more PL problems than
benefits but the whole point of that was
to keep Grandma alive wasn't it that's
what I I mean I watched the news the
same as you did and what I saw was we're
going to sacrifice the
kids to save the older
people so if at the end of it you see
that the kids were in fact
sacrificed but it but the claim would be
that you know more old people
lived that would be what they were
trying to
do they were sacrificing the children's
well-being to keep people alive who are
older but I don't see people
acknowledging that that was the plan
rather they'll say the children were
sacrificed you must go to jail and then
those people will say no we sacrificed
the children to save the old people and
is succeeded now the children can
adjust but the old people if they had
died they can't come back to life now
I'm not saying that was a good trade-off
somebody somebody's going to you know
somebody on for Chan's already writing a
meme that says that I'm in favor of
closedowns nothing like that's happening
I was never in favor of the
closedowns I'm just saying that if
you're going to talk about it it's not
really legitimate to just leave out half
of the argument you can certainly have
an opinion that the closing was worse
than not closing that would be a
legitimate opinion it's not legitimate
to pretend that it was always about
protecting the children because it never
was it was always about sacrificing the
children so you got to be honest about
that it was about and and I think the
government was pretty honest that they
were going to sacrifice the kids to save
the older
people now they might have been wrong
about all the science that's a different
question
but at least don't change the history of
what they were trying to do and you know
what they clearly stated they were
trying to
do oh also the teachers yeah the
teachers were part of the conversation
trying to protect themselves they being
also older
people well Trump's uh Trump's plane had
an emergency landing because of
mechanical issues couldn't have been too
bad because the landing looked normal um
but apparently during the landing
allegedly uh Trump was arguing with the
New York Times because they were trying
to uh sort out the fact that Trump had
claimed that he had been once been on a
helicopter that had an emergency landing
and he was on the helicopter with Willie
Brown who he knows well where he used to
know well well apparently Willie Brown
has denied that anything like that ever
happened and at the same time there's
another black politician from another
local place who says no that was me that
that was me on the plane that was not
Willie
Brown so given that Willie Brown says he
wasn't on the
plane or on the helicopter that had the
problems but there's another black
politician who says it was him that's
pretty persuasive so that would suggest
that Trump um just mixed up or
misremembered who who was where doing
what which is not that unusual now does
it worry me that he's a certain age and
maybe it would be the first sign of
dementia
yes yes it does yeah I I think if if
you're a Democrat and you're saying
Scott I don't think you can ignore the
fact that he has a complete uh opposite
memory of what happened it wasn't Willie
Brown it was something else so the first
thing I would say is that's happened to
all of
us has that never happened to you
where you had a a strong memory of
somebody being in a story and then
somebody says that I wasn't even there
and you find out oh okay I was mixing
you up with some one of my other friends
it's a very normal mistake to make but
it's also fair to say if your president
is a certain age is it fair to say let's
let's put this in the watch list let's
just keep an eye on this CU if you get
more of it maybe it does mean something
if you don't get more of it well it's
just normal stuff but to ignore it I
think that's too far I I think if you're
going to promote a president who's a
certain age you've got to be honest
about it you know don't don't be a
Democrat you don't pretend you can't see
it if you can see it you're going to
have to call it
out I don't see it
yet so I don't see that as alarming I
definitely see it as put it on your
watch list because if there's more of it
then it means a different thing than if
it just is like a little weird
story so we'll see how that
goes
um axios has a uh has a headline on acts
pointing to their own story and here's
their headline report Trump calls Harris
a quote
 and I said to myself what
seriously
so I clicked on that story to read about
all the evidence that he called her a
bage and it wasn't even
mentioned I don't mean that the source
wasn't mentioned I mean there was
nothing in the story about anybody
calling anybody a
 what the hell is up with
that am I crazy because the story was
very
short and none of it mentioned anything
that was in the headline
but most people are going to see the
headline and never click on it is it as
obvious as it looks that they're just
trying to create a rumor and they
they'll act like it was just a mistake
or something or is there more to the
story is there actually any evidence
that he did say that and by the way I
don't care if he did you know if if I
found out that uh KL Harris uh privately
or even talking to donors said that
Trump was a big old
would that bother me no I suppose you
called him a narcissist or a dictator or
whatever would that bother me
nah no if I found out that uh Trump
really did call KL Harris a in
some context probably more private than
public would that bother me no not even
a little so but it but it would bother I
imagine the the base of supporters of
KLA
Harris but no I don't care what anybody
calls anybody in the political context
especially if it's more private than
public even if even if they're just
talking to donors I'd call that private
is but not
really he did call her nasty and he did
say she wasn't smart and that's why
they're not letting her talk to
reporters but those are normal things
that Trump says in
public all right let's talk about kamla
now being uh many days into having her
vice president and many days now into
being the presumptive and actual
nominee and there's still been no
serious interview or press Gaggle or
press whatever it is press presser let's
call it a pressor
um and of course the uh debates are are
not until September
so is this a good strategy
do you think that KL Harris has a strong
strategy by just avoiding doing the
things that everybody wants a president
to show that they can do well I think it
works the the Total Domination of the
news by one side allows them to tell you
that not talking to the Press makes
perfect sense and of course she'll get
around to it oh makes perfect sense
she'll totally get around to that yeah
don't don't worry about it oh it's
coming later yeah later and how about
the fact that she has no policies
written on her
website no
policies and no direct interaction so
you won't know her personality and her
personal
capabilities
and you won't know her policies so even
if you say to yourself but don't worry
about her because it's it's her
supporter well it's her advisors and and
it's the bureaucracy that makes
everything happen makes what happen we
don't know what she wants to do and we
don't know how capable she would be at
at doing it but they're selling the
excitement oh there's excitement there
does seem to be genuine
excitement um I think it
is strangely enough it's the right
strategy here's why it's the right
strategy a lot of people don't know who
KLA Harris is really you know that a lot
of people don't pay too much attention
to the vice
president um so in a way she's being
introduced for the first time to some
portion of the
public the longer you can go by giving
people a positive impression of her the
less they will believe any negative
story in the
future let me say that again because
this is like a really vital persuasion
point the longer people go Democrats
getting only positive
indications positive positive positive
she's amazing she's the best oh look at
all the things she can do the longer
they can keep that up when she does
finally do a pressor and it doesn't go
well nobody's Minds will
change because once their minds are made
up and they've decided she's a good one
and they're going to back her and
they've told all their friends she could
she could advocate for slaying babies
and murdering your dog and you would
say okay but overall she's really good
and she's better than
Trump right so your in order for your
confirmation bias and your cognitive
dissonance to lock you into your
irrational choice you need to have an
extended period where you're buying into
the
narrative and and the more they can keep
her a blank slate and just say it's
exciting it's not Trump she might win
she's black and she's Indian and she's a
woman whoa that's good enough so I think
their strategy
is I hate to say it
perfect it's perfect and I'm going to
give uh kamla another uh compliment you
didn't see this coming so there were
some protesters at her
rally and the protesters were Pro pales
indan protesters and they started to
make a lot of noise now traditionally
when somebody's giving a speech and the
protesters make a lot of noise you maybe
pause and you have security do their
thing and then you get back to business
what she did was she stopped what she
was
doing she gave them direct attention
which caused them to be
quieter and then here's the best
part she uh she promised them
something that she wasn't going to give
her she said she said quote now is the
time to get a ceasefire deal and get the
hostage deal done now is the time and
suddenly the protesters and the whole
the whole stadium went wild they're like
yes yes she understands what we want she
heard our protests she she gave us you
know gave us the respect of listening
she repeated what we wanted which is a
ceasefire yes now here's why this is
brilliant she didn't give them
anything she gave them nothing and she
made them she made them uh stand up and
cheer like uh train seals with
Parkinson's as I said on X she made them
love
her and she gave them
nothing because everybody wants a
ceasefire but everybody wants a on their
terms
right everybody wants a ceasefire I want
a ceasefire as soon as all the all the
uh hostages are released and all of the
Hamas leadership has surrendered and
given up all their weapons it's a
ceasefire I want an immediate ceasefire
under those conditions now other people
want different conditions maybe no
conditions but she basically promised
them literally nothing because every
body wants a ceasefire and they're all
like yay yay my hero it's kind of
brilliant
so you really need to watch out because
KLA Harris has more game than you think
because she can have moments like
that it's she's more dangerous than you
think as a
politician let's talk about Great
Britain's or Britain's uh Speech laws uh
I'm not I'm not going to call them great
anymore
but
um apparently and I wasn't sure I was
hearing this right but apparently
Britain will arrest an
American who said something on social
media if it was against their new laws
about uh drumming up trouble or
hate and since it's obviously subjective
whether you've gone too far in your Haze
speech it's a very dangerous situation
and they've even said they would arrest
Americans even for doing things in
America so if you were to say something
that was look like it was promoting
let's say violent protest and you were
an American and you were just sitting in
America the Brits say that they can
arrest you and put you in jail in Great
Britain now America would have to agree
to that I suppose and they'd have to get
custody of you which isn't likely but if
you were to travel to
there and they found out you did it and
they found out you were there in person
they could put you in jail for being
American who posted something
online
now here's the
thing um shouldn't there be a travel
advisory from the United States
government telling us that if you go to
Great Britain uh you could be arrested
for something you posted in the past see
that's the scary part it's not even what
you're doing today it's anything you've
ever
posted and you travel to to Britain and
they find out let's say they I don't
know pick you up for littering or
something and they run a check on your
social
media and they find out you said
something five years ago that looked
like it was generating trouble for the
UK and they put you in
jail now are you telling me that the
government of the United States doesn't
need to warn Travelers that they could
be jailed in Great Britain for things
they said five years ago on their social
media that feels like it's really
important to tell people I would never
travel to England under these conditions
and I would advise anybody was thinking
about it to immediately cancel their
plans how is this
not a really really big issue with our
government telling us whether or not it
makes sense to travel there I think it
advisory has to be demanded or at the
very least the people in the news need
to ask the appropriate government
entities and I guess it would be KL
Harris why
not and and also ask are we heading in
that direction that's what I want to
know uh and indeed there was a young man
who just got three years in prison for
um some posts on social media
all right uh speaker Mike Johnson does a
post he says remember 198 house
Democrats voted against the save act
which ensures that only American
citizens can vote in American elections
and speaker Johnson says
why and then he answers his own question
with they are perfectly fine with
non-citizens voting in our election yeah
you know it's really hard to come up
with a second reason
what would be the other reason that they
turned down a law that would be to
guarantee that only citizens vote
there's no other reason is there was
there a poison pill in that that bill
that I don't know about now you always
have to wonder is there is there like a
secret part of the bill that's you know
just good for Republicans if that's the
case then I would remove my objection
but if it was a a
straightforward attempt to make sure
it's illegal
to have non-citizens voting how do you
vote against that unless you want
noncitizens to vote it's exactly what it
looks like there's also allegations that
in Michigan there are still 26,000 dead
people on the voter roles um but
apparently that you know if that's true
and I think that's
disputed there's no there's not going to
be any effort to remove them why would
that be now again this story may have
some missing elements but every time you
see that the government is consistently
against anything that would prevent
non-citizens from voting it's got to be
exactly the reason you think the
Democrats want non-citizens to vote
because it'll make a
difference well in tragic news uh the ex
Youtube CEO who is the CEO until
2023 Susan w weski w
uh she died at age 56 cancer I
believe but this is uh you know doubly
bad because her 19-year-old son died in
his dorm room at UC Berkeley in
February so in one year um her husband
lost a son and a wife that's one of the
worst things I've ever heard in my
life now um a lot of people want to uh
want to give her a hard time because her
Legacy would include what many people
say would be censorship on
YouTube and I don't really want to get
into that especially since I'm
broadcasting on YouTube because it feels
too disrespectful to the surviving
family I think today we just have to say
this is really terrible and hope it
doesn't happen to
you um so I'm not going to get political
on that today we'll just let's just be
human about that
today well here's an update on The
Stolen
Valor um Mike cernovich and others have
been quite active in making sure that
you know that uh wals the VP
Choice uh did what some are calling
Stolen Valor um but CNN did an interview
last night which maybe didn't go the way
they hoped but it did show uh wal's
Superior officer in the National Guard
who said that uh wals definitely knew
that they were going to be shipping out
to Iraq when he decided to U retire so
he definitely knew and there had even
been an order to
prepare now according to the superior
officer if if orders to prepare to ship
out have already arrived
uh it wouldn't be uncommon for the
superior officer to say it's too late to
retire because you need my approval to
do that and you're not going to retire
right after they said you're going to
deploy so his suggestion was maybe he
wouldn't have been able to do it if he'
talked to his Superior officer but
somehow he went above his Superior
officer and he got the superior officer
Superior to say yes to agree to the
retirement and then the superior officer
had to live with it and he's not too
happy about
it but it did clearly show that he knew
he was at risk of being deployed when he
decided to retire which is a bad look
now here again um I'm going to say as
clearly as I can that if we're talking
about the respect we give members of the
military that uh I've not been in the
military and so whatever respect I give
either JD
or walls would be more than I have right
so I I put both of them above me in
terms of service to the country so I
don't feel like I'm I'm the right person
to criticize them but I do recognize
that this is something very important to
a great number of people and that they
can judge it and they might vote
differently I would argue that there are
very few topics that change people's
minds in politics especially at this
late stage this might be one of them and
it might really just be close family
members and um people who are in the
army or the military and have a problem
with it um so if you were thinking that
this was a wasted attack that it
wouldn't change the vote I would argue
that it's one of those rare things that
would but for a
sliver but remember we have an election
where a sliver is going to be the
difference between winning and losing so
this is a pretty big deal even though
it's only a sliver of
Voters it's just what's unique is that
it's a sliver that might change their
mind and that's unique usually nothing
changes anybody's
Minds yeah
um all
right uh there's video of K Harris's
Arizona rally which was gigantic 15,000
people attended uh the energy was high
now of course there are reports that
some number of them were shipped in you
know like professional fans or
something maybe you know maybe both
sides do it I don't know I'm I'm not too
concerned about that um but what was
interesting is there were hardly any men
in the whole
stadium you have to look at the video
the sort of the closeups of the audience
it's almost all white
women probably nine out of 10 white
women which
means something like 2third of all the
people in that Stadium were mentally
ill now I say that because we know that
um liberal women specifically have the
highest have the highest rate of mental
illness it's over
60% now if you were to take the people
who also are so uh so enthusiastic about
KL Harris that they would go through the
trouble of going to an event you know
which is a lot to take out of your day
uh that's probably a higher
percentage so my guess would be maybe
70% or so of the attendees had mental
illness so there are 15,000 people
attended but if you've used the the
smaller number of 62 62% of mental
illness that would mean that 9,300
people in that state
had mental
illness so by the way I don't think
that's an
exaggeration and and like I said if they
were that into politics and they were
also Democrats and they cared enough to
go to this
event it probably was higher than 62%
have mental
illness and we're we're supposed to
continue ignoring this
right we're I'm supposed to continue
ignoring that KLA Harris looks to me
like she's in inebriated in public
fairly often I'm just supposed to ignore
that I'm supposed to ignore that her
base is literally the mentally
ill we supposed to ignore that it's do
you know why we ignore that it's because
the Press hasn't decided that's a big
story on social media we like to point
it out because it seems pretty important
to me so I've see it on social media but
you won't see it in the news so so as
long as the you know the Washington Post
the New York Times CNN as long as they
say it's not a
story that a huge percentage of Harris
supporters are literally mentally
ill then it won't be because your
Masters have told you it's not a
story so individually you might think it
is but it's never going to be a big
story I can't imagine what would be more
important than
that anyway and and uh Harris of course
in the total gaslighting way says that
uh in her rally speech the immigration
you know the current immigration process
is broken but we know what to do to fix
it so if you elect
her uh she she knows the immigration is
broken and how to fix
it now do I need to complete my comments
on this because everyone of you just
completed it for me and you just said in
your minds wait a minute wasn't she in
charge of that
if uh if she knows is broken and she
knows how to fix
it why isn't it already fixed now I
think their argument is that they just
needed those darn Republicans to vote
for that bill that totally wouldn't have
fixed it but would have hired more
people to process more people through a
legal Asylum process and make it much
much worse but technically on paper it
would look like fewer illegal people
because they would simply hire more
people to process people through a legal
doorway so it would have no impact
whatsoever on the number of people
coming in in fact they might be more but
the number that they would Define as
illegal might be
smaller so they can sell that to the
uninformed Democrat Base by saying hey
we have a solution and then and the
Republicans said no because they wanted
to keep it as a as a campaign issue
which is what they're doing can they
sell that ridiculous message to their
base yes they can because their base
will never have access to any news that
tells them the opposite they'll never
see the
context and they'll just never have to
think about the fact that Harris was in
charge and couldn't fix it
then Glenn Greenwald and number of other
people were pointing out that it's kind
of weird and creepy when the Democrat
press uh and all the pundits start using
the same language like they were all
informed to use the same language so
apparent they're calling wals you know a
joyful messenger and everything's joyful
and joyful and joyful and hey it's so
joyful and he's a regular Midwestern guy
he's a moderate he's a moderate he's a
moderate he's just a good guy he's a
normal rural guy he hunts he hunts he
hunts normal regular hunting
joyful ordinary guy and it's so creepy
to watch people use the same
language because you know it's been you
know came from the top use use these
words but I would ask you this isn't it
the same on the
right doesn't the right also land on a
few little attack words and then use
them forever have we not heard uh Stolen
Valor a million times from everybody on
the right could not could the Democrats
not make a compilation uh thing showing
all the right leaning pundits say
uh stolen Val stolen Val stolen Val yes
they could do you know why it doesn't
look the
same because most of the press leans
left so when it happens on the left that
they're using the same language it's
really easy to put together an
interesting compilation because you
could say all right here's CNN saying it
here's MSNBC saying it here's the New
York Times saying it here's the
Washington Post say and on on and on so
you can you can really clearly see that
they're conforming to a certain message
and and we know with certainty that the
message comes from the top and then
everybody gets it um but on the right I
think it's exactly the same what's
different is where the message comes
from on the right I think people pick up
messages that look like they're
sticky so if you follow a big account
like cernovich and you see that he's
hammering hard on the uh Stolen Valor
message
you're far more likely to bring it up
when you do your show because you think
well people are talking about it I'll
talk about it too because people are
interested because they're talking about
it so I'm pretty sure that there's a
very similar thing happening on both
sides it's only the source is different
I think the Republicans just look to
other influencers they say oh you're
making a good point over there I'm going
to emphasize that too and then on the
Democrat side literally the party sends
out a memo and says let's frame it this
way and then the news does it so that's
that's the difference but the number of
times somebody uses that similar
language is probably the same on both
sides well I saw Elon Musk uh just say
true to a post that was pretty
provocative so let me let me tell you
what Elon felt comfortable saying is
true uh there was a post by I am yes you
or no that's the name of the user um
saying that white guilt is a mind virus
that needs to be
eradicated white guilt is a mind virus
that needs to be eradicated now that was
attached to a quote from um somebody
else another user that said this white
people have been taught that white
people are evil and everyone else is
good and non-white people have also been
taught that white people people are evil
and everyone else is good and then that
user said that's not divide and conquer
that's quote kill
whitey
whoa and that was the two posts that
were you know together that Elon Musk
said
true is Elon Musk agreeing only to the
first
part that says white guilt is a mind
virus that needs to be eradicated which
would be not too
controversial uh or is he
saying true to the fact that both white
people and non-white people have been
taught that white people are evil and
everyone else is good and that that's
the same as kill
whitey H do you know what's interesting
about this story to
me is anybody has anybody picked up on
this yet do you know why I'm talking
about it this is what I got canceled
for I got cancelled for saying the
environment is such
that white people are
demonized and if you happen to be in any
category that's being demonized your
best strategy for success and survival
is to go where that doesn't happen you
should stay away from anybody demonizing
you why are people being demonized it's
because they're taught that in school de
CRT ESG white people are the responsible
for all your problems if you could
simply give them less and take their
stuff and give it to yourself problem
solved so does that sound like kill
whitey yes it
does did I say exactly the same thing
but I said it in words that were far
more provocative yes this is what I got
canceled for I got cancelled for saying
that the current system and culture is
demonizing one group of people and if
somebody is demonizing you you need to
get the away from that because
that's not safe now your first choice
would be to change it you know and
improve it but if it reaches a certain
point you have to run now there is no
practical way in America to run from it
because you know the country is similar
enough
everywhere that there's nothing really
to run from it's not a real not a real
suggestion but it's a real warning it's
a real warning that you can't survive in
the long term if one part of the
country is being taught in school taught
in school and trained in in your
corporations and you have to sign
documents to say you agree to it that
the white people are evil and everybody
else is not evil and that needs to be
rebalanced you got to get away from that
any way you
can anyway uh H Pearl Davis social media
influence uer type who has uh very
provocative things to say about men and
women um he's talking about uh how women
are almost always the ones who initiate
divorces and breakups did you know that
uh one of the data points that uh Pearl
gives is that um college educated women
initiate divorces 90% of the time so
well 90% of the of the divorces are
initiated by the woman if she's a
college educated woman is that
surprising no because a college educated
woman probably can make her own money so
she doesn't need to put up with any
imperfect situation for money because
she can first of all get some money from
the divorce maybe or she maybe already
has her own job so follow the money
suggests that the more likely you can
make your own money
the less likely you need to be married
for money so it makes sense to me but I
think follow the money explains the
entire drop in population and everything
else
um but here's my take um this is exactly
why well the the larger the larger point
that Pearl makes is that women don't
provide value to men
anymore do you buy that that women don't
provide value to men now the argument
would go and this is not my argument I'm
just explaining it the argument would go
that in the old days uh the man provided
the protection and the
income the woman
provided um children and you know
support and and love and the family unit
and kept things together and that that
was a good deal for
everybody but uh and then part of that
was you know
virginity at least at one point in time
you you were getting this you know this
virgin who is totally committed to only
you and you know less likely to cheat
and maybe hadn't experienced anything
better so you know that that helped the
uh the marriage stay together I'm not
sure that's a good thing I'm just saying
it is what it is
so um is it
true that if you're a man looking for a
woman you say to yourself okay uh
the the this woman who looks good so you
know looks are part of what men select
on has been with a lot of different guys
and she's not going to be too impressed
with me so the the
sexual benefit of a wife is way down
because you wouldn't have that like
exclusive domain now should you should
you have some exclusive domain maybe
that's just sexist maybe you shouldn't
have that so I'm not arguing what's
right or wrong I'm just describing the
current situation so the men feel that
they're not getting this you know loyal
sexual virgin so that lowers the you
know the value of of the
proposition and then the men know that
if the woman divorces they're going to
lose their kids and they're going to
lose their money and they won't have
enough to start over
again but the woman might the woman
might take some of your money your kids
and then meet another guy who will take
care of her so she could get all the
benefits so I would say that follow the
money as a way of predicting the future
largely guarantees that our reproductive
possibilities are just going to continue
into a death spiral and I think it's why
so many men are going to prefer robots
as life Partners let me say that again I
think men will prefer robots as life
Partners your robot is going to have all
your interests is going to know you well
will not cheat on you and will always be
attentive and respectful and uh maybe
even
complimentary will it feel just as good
when a robot compliments you yes it
will I know you think it won't but yes
it will I guarantee it now maybe not on
day one but you'll just get used to it
and if the robot says good things to you
you're going to get a little dopamine
hit
now that doesn't mean you're going to
have sex with a robot although a lot of
people
will it could be that men just buy their
sex on the open market I hate to say it
uh because they don't want to have sex
with a robot but that the robot but the
robot is their life
partner so they might go to bed and you
know just snore and sleep sleep
well uh and if they need some sex
they'll go into the free market and buy
some but then when they go home they
don't need the trouble of dealing with a
difficult personality who's going to
take their money and their kids so they
just say well if I want a kid I'll adopt
one I'll have I'll get an extra robot to
be a full-time
Nanny and uh I won't even have to work
too hard raising a kid because a robot
will be great at it so it seems to me
that robots as a replacement for women
as life Partners is largely guaranteed
not for everybody of course but for a
large portion and I think it will work
the other way as well women are going to
say what am I getting from this guy
besides a lot of
trouble uh if I get a robot the robot
can protect me the robot can lift heavy
objects the robot can put the dishes in
the
dishwasher I'm not so sure I need that
guy and if I want to have a baby I'll
just get artificially inseminated and
I'll let I'll get a second robot and the
robot will raise the baby now let's
let's look at the money of it I can get
a robot for let's say
$30,000 maybe a year from now what would
it cost to be in a
relationship even if you're not married
it's over
$30,000 like if you're doing some
traveling and dating and stuff uh but if
you're married of course it's way over
$30,000 and the robot you could get
maybe the last several years so
advertised it might be you know5 to
$10,000 a year and you there's no way
you could get it a spouse for that that
price so the economics of relationships
suggest not suggest really guarantee
that robots will be partners for men and
women at a very large
percentage while the FDA has rejected
MDMA also known as ecstasy the drug
ecstasy for PTSD I don't know why
obviously concerns about health I guess
but we also Wonder wait a minute are you
just trying to protect some big Pharma
company that's selling a competing
drug I don't know I'd worry about that
but I also worry that the downside of
ecstasy is that if you enjoy it too much
your regular life would seem horrible
and
boring so I've never I've never
experienced ecstasy as a drug and I'm
pretty sure I'm not going to and it's
not because I don't think it would be
awesome it's because I think it
would and I don't think I can handle
that because once you handle how good
you could feel it might change your
point of reference for your everyday
feelings and you might say uh I'm going
to have to do this every day or I'll
just feel sad for the rest of my
life all right um so we don't know
enough about that Ukraine continues to
bore me these days cuz the news is
calmed down and all the news sounds the
same here's some here's some generic
news from the Ukraine War uh one of the
sides made an incursion into the town of
click and it looks like there's heavy
fighting but in another place
called uh the other side seems to be
making a push but uh that all the news
sounds like that there's a town you
don't know of one side made a push into
it the other side made a push into the
other
Town um but what is different is that
Ukraine is attacking on traditional
Russian
territory now they can't really run a
war without being able to attack across
the artificial
border so I'm not sure that that's a
real big
escalation because it just sort of comes
along with war so if if one side can
just say nener nener nener you can't
cross our border they can just put all
the their weapons Depots and all their
resources right on your border and then
just you know hammer on you forever
because the there's no similar
restriction of them entering Ukraine but
they can just safely sit over there with
their assets not being you know
Disturbed and Ukraine is saying um if
your War assets are just on the other
side of the Border maybe we're going to
take them out which seems perfectly
reasonable from a a war
perspective but it looks like Ukraine
might be doing a different strategy in
which they may be just trying to divert
the Russian Resources by attacking a
lesser defended part and getting a
little push into Russia and maybe all
they're doing is grabbing some land they
can trade back it it could be that
they're looking for
negotiations and they know they can't
capture the well-defended parts that
Russia captured of Ukraine but they
might be able to capture an un an ungard
or Loosely guarded part of Russia so
then if Ukraine has some Russia they
don't want and Russia has some Ukraine
that they want but maybe they could be
flexible with they have something to to
bargain with so it might be that
everybody's doing simply getting ready
to negotiate that's what it looks like
to me all right ladies and gentlemen
I've gone on too long this is the end of
my show I'm going to say goodbye to uh
YouTube and people on X and Umble I'm
going to talk to my beloved people on uh
locals by the way if you didn't know you
can see the Dilbert reborn comic which
is
naughtier and uh
funnier um you can subscribe to that on
the xplatform just look for the button
in my profile and if you wanted to see
that plus a lot of fun legal uh not
legal a lot of fun content mostly about
politics and my other comic robots read
news uh you can do that in the locals
platform Scott adams. locals.com thanks
for joining I'm going to talk to the
local subscriber privately assuming all
my technology works the rest of you I'll
see you tomorrow
morning
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e