well there we are that's
better first
attempt was
unsuccessful
oh no sound you suck you suck I'm only
saying that to the person who has no
sound because I know you really do have
sound you're just saying that with the
screw with me
but so sorry about the uh fake live
stream has started and then uh it was uh
there was an error and I had to redo
it let's get your comments up here on a
separate screen so we can really have
some
fun nope that didn't work let's try it
again uh that didn't work and that
didn't work all right let's try
this that
worked good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization starting a little uh
Scrappy today but oh my goodness are we
going to have a good time and if you'd
like to take your experience up to
nobody can level that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
Mar glass a tanker Chels a sign a
canteen juger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it's
going to happen right now
go oh God that was good
sometimes it's really really good and
today it's great I uh anticipate some
good luck coming for all of
you uh you don't all watch the pre-show
I do a little pre-show for subscribers
on locals and every morning I take three
putts from 15 fet I've got a little
indoor putting green and uh yesterday I
made all three now from that distance
course to chat GPT there's a one in five
chance that even a professional would
make a 15 foot pot so yesterday I made
three in a
row so that would be you know 1/5 * 1/5
* 1/5 kind of kind of unusual this
morning I made three more in a row so
that makes six in a row on
video which I if I calculated it right
the odds of doing that are 115,000
but I pulled it off live so we'll see
what happens tomorrow but the point is
it's a lucky
time so it's probably not just me I feel
like there's some luck in the air
something's Brewing do you feel it yeah
something big is happening I just don't
know what it is something good and big
is coming our way maybe your way too so
aren't you glad you came in the this
morning all right well so here's some uh
technology news a company called Pudo
from China has new robot it'll go eight
hours and it can lift 10 kilograms but
it's another slow motion
robot do you know what I probably will
never want is a slow motion robot I am
slowly going to pick up this bottle of
water and I will hand it to you and I'll
be like screw it shut up I'll get the
water myself go go wash the dishes okay
I will be back after spending 10 hours
washing this one dish it I'll just
wash it myself clean the house okay I
will go dust so slowly that you wish you
were killing yourself no stop it I'll
just dust the house myself you stupid
slow
robot that's how I feel like the first
year of learing a robot will go I need a
fast robot I don't need no slow robot
let me make that clear no slow
robots California just uh signed a law
the governor signed it to protect
children from social
media now this is one of those things
where I say to myself I'll bet you I'll
bet you this is one of those stories
where it's hard to know really whether
they did something good or bad
because there's probably like three
layers to this that I don't understand
but at the surface layer I like the idea
of protecting children from social media
but what exactly did they do to make
that happen well one of the things they
did is uh if it's a Minor's account um
you can't send them notifications
without permission from a parent between
12:00 a.m. and 6:00
a.m. which I don't mind oh and between
8:00 a.m. and 3 p.m. on weekdays from
September through May so basically uh
when kids are supposed to be sleeping or
supposed to be in
school they can't get fed
content it's not bad not
bad um and there's some kind of limits
to their addictive feed except I don't
know how anybody would Define
addictive isn't everything that you like
addictive
if you if the social media sends you
more of things that it knows you want to
see which is its entire point isn't that
addictive so I don't know how they can
get rid of addictive
feeds well in other news uh chat GPT has
hired Johnny IV who is famous as the uh
incredible designer who worked on the
iPhone and other Apple products so
apparently Chad GPT is making a
device some kind of a device we assume
it's going to be something that would do
some phone related tasks but would it be
related would it be a phone or would it
be like a whole new idea that could do
the phone Stuff Plus some extra stuff I
wonder I've been saying for a
while that um where phones need to be is
that when you pick up your phone it's
anybody's phone in other words I could
hand you my phone and when it comes on
it could look at your face instead of my
face and it would become your phone so
in other words it would only get into
your accounts but if I handed you my
phone it's just a a blank screen and you
just hold it at your face and it goes
Boop and it pops up with basically your
phone you know as as stored in the cloud
so so the idea would be it would be a
cloudbased phone
um which only works if your internet is
pretty complete you know because it
wouldn't work if you're not connected so
I don't know we'll see if that's what
what uh Johnny I comes up with but the
fact that he's working on it and it's
chat
GPT those are two really really powerful
things to put together so we'll see what
comes to
that um according to the guardian
there's a new study that links uh diet
and Metabolism to bipolar depression now
they don't claim that every part of
depression or bipolar depression can be
cured by fixing your diet so I want to
be clear they're they're not saying it's
just diet but in a study uh about a
third of the people who had bipolar
depression um had much better symptoms
or lesser symptoms when they fixed their
diet and went
keto now
I've been saying for some time quite
provocatively that some percentage of
all depression is related to your
energy and that if you had high energy
you wouldn't be depressed and that the
that the science of it has been at least
partially backwards now again here's
what I'm not saying I'm not saying that
all depression is alike and that it's
all related to energy I'm not saying
that I'm saying that probably some
percentage of it
is just having low energy because you
don't feel good and then that's going to
make you depressed so it can be
true that if you were depressed it could
make you feel like you have low energy I
think that's well established but it
could also be true that it works the
other way that if you have low energy
because you're doing everything wrong
your diet's wrong your exercise is wrong
you don't have social interaction all
the things that would give you
energy um I think that would probably
take care of a third of it and that was
about roughly what they found when they
just fixed the diet a third of the
people suddenly weren't so bipolar
depressed thank you
Paul I needed that all right so um let
me say that again I've never
personally um if you've experienced the
same thing if you've ever felt depressed
but you're not you know clinically a
depressed person wasn't it always
associated with low energy like every
time and anytime your energy is high you
don't feel
depressed so just just be aware that
working on your health and your
energy might cure your depression you
know maybe onethird of you if you did
everything right maybe so I'm not your
scientist or your doctor I'm just saying
that if you're not working on your
general physical health your mental
health isn't going to do well
uh here's a correction I would like to
make to other people's work not my own
that's the best kind of Correction I
would like like to now correct other
people not me but uh I've been hearing
the reports of the government uh wasting
$42 billion trying to give rural people
um internet
connection but not not connecting a
single person how many of you heard that
story that Biden Harris got $42
billion for all this internet connection
and didn't get any internet
connections now here's my um
clarification I think when they say 42
billion was wasted they don't mean it
was
spent right it wasn't wasted I believe
it was not spent or or some small amount
of it was spent but they didn't get to
the point where they could connect
anybody so is that uh does that track
with what you believe it's not that they
took $42 billion and spent it and it's
all gone and will'll never give us
anything but I think people talk about
it that way I think rather 42 billion
was budgeted but they were too
incompetent or there were too many
regulations or whatever it was that they
just didn't get anything done is that
how you understand it because I heard it
I've heard people in public refer to it
as wasted and I think rather it's just
massive
incompetence uh and and you know the the
real heart of the story is that they
didn't need to spend a penny they could
have just said to Elon Musk hey what
would it cost to have the government
subsidize some some rural people on your
satellite and then he would say here's a
very reasonable price and you can all be
up on it and working tomorrow and then
they would say wow that's much better
than 42 billion you mean You' only
charge us I'll just pick a number 50
million a year or something and he would
say yeah that's about
right so that's what I think is
happening there was another uh another
video of K Harris giving a public speech
in which she looked really really
inebriated but the community notes are
saying that it was um fake
so it was slowed down or modified so it
looked like she was it looked like she
was really drunk but maybe it was just
the AI faked it so to my
credit bat myself on the back here uh
when I saw it I did not necessarily
believe it was true and so when I
reposted it I reposted it with the
question is this AI or is it real um and
then the answer come back it was it was
altered who was AI so here's my take on
that if you can take a politician that
people are very familiar with k Harris
and you can alter the video so it looks
like she's drunk as a
skunk and people can't tell it's
altered that's a
story so it would be a story if it were
not altered because there she would be
drunk as a skunk or inebriated in some
way but since that wasn't
true you get to the next level of well
isn't that interesting there so many
people looked at that and said yeah
that's true now imagine if you tried to
do that with a trump speech take a trump
speech then try to use AI to alter it so
it sounds like oh make America great
again you would instantly know that was
fake
right right you you would Know It with
no doubt whatsoever oh he doesn't do
those things he's been in public a
billion times we would have seen it by
now that's not real you would have known
it but why is it that a faked video
making KL Harris look drunk as a skunk
in
public you couldn't
tell if that was real see that's the
story the story is not that it's fake
the story that a video of her looking
drunk in public looks so real that we
can't tell the
difference
although to be fair I had some suspicion
about that one so this is kind of a
problem
because I think it's important that
people do see the videos where she does
look legitimately like she's on
something now I'm not sure I would post
any because now that I know somebody's
finally did what you expected somebody
made a fake one I'm not sure I'd feel
comfortable reposting anything on that
topic from now on so it makes you even
wonder if it was done by you know the
Harris campaign to embarass the people
who repost them if so it'd be clever it
would have
worked all
right uh the rabbit hole account on X
reposted a graph that showed that only
3.4% of journalists are Republicans as
of 2022 I think that means based on
donations I'm not sure uh either
donations are registered but somehow
they know and what do you think 3.4% of
Republicans now here's my take on that
if you had a press
organization that was say 5050
Republicans and Democrats and then one
of you put out some something that's
just propaganda for one side or the
other how would that work out for you
not well because half of your company
would say what the hell is this this
isn't news this is propaganda you should
be fired so if it were
5050 you wouldn't be able to get away
with pure propaganda as we see every day
on what we call the Press but isn't
really the Press but suppose it's not
5050 let's say it's
6040 can you get away with propaganda if
it's 6040 a real clear majority of
people on one side and the is probably
not probably not because if 40% of the
people are saying you know I can't even
work here if you're going to just print
 right 40% would be way too much
you couldn't get away with just being a
propaganda network if 40% of your
employers are like hey what what the
hell I I came here to do news you're
just doing propaganda now but what what
happens when you get above 85% are on
the same
team once you reach 85% are on the same
team
you're only propaganda and you don't
have an option to do balanced news if
you try to do some balanced news in an
organization where 85% of them thought
Trump was
Hiller you would be fired for being
balanced you wouldn't be able to get
away with it
so I Pro I suggest the following that we
could come up with a working definition
of whether a press entity is news or
propaganda based on the percentage that
lean in One Direction and that you could
be pretty
sure that you had gotten it right so you
show me an entity with 85% people
clearly Democrat and I will tell you no
doubt about it this is not a news
Organization no doubt about it like 100%
certain this is not a legitimate news
organization but you show me an entity
with legitimately something closer to
50/50 even if it's 6040 I me that would
be close enough for me then I'm going to
say that's probably news you know maybe
not every single story is just where you
want it but that's probably a news
organization that's you know struggling
with being unbiased but they're
news don't you think that definition
would work
perfectly why why do they get to tell us
their
News why don't we get to decide whether
they're news and I would say that we
should just have a a percentage
and say that if you're above let's pick
a percentage
80% would you does that sound fair if
you're above
80% it it doesn't matter which direction
so you could apply the same thing to um
conservative Outlets if you had a
conservative publication that was 80%
conservative same thing don't you don't
you think you could claim that well 80%
I'm not sure I'd call that news because
even if the 80% are really really
dedicated to giving you unbiased news at
the very least they're going to be
leaving out context and stories that
maybe just didn't hit them as exciting
and somebody else might
have so you think 65 to 70 would be
enough to say that you're not news
anymore I I think if 30% of your
employees don't like what you're doing
you've got a problem I think around 80%
you're guaranteed to be propaganda
guaranteed you just there's just no way
around it so that's what I'd say I'd say
I think I'd do something like 5050
definitely news 8020 definitely not news
but somewhere in between would be like a
little gray area you could rate you know
like a maybe yes no and
maybe well here's something I didn't
know was legal but uh Republican senator
Rick Scott and he's being joined with I
guess Marco Rubio also Republican uh
from Florida they're offering $100
million reward for information that
would lead to the arrest and conviction
of the Venezuelan president Nicholas
Maduro now if our federal
government put out some kind of a reward
for somebody that was a international
criminal I'd say huh that's weird but
you know we've done it before I mean we
did it with um uh what's his name in
Iraq uh Saddam Hussein so it's not the
strangest thing that would ever happen
if it's the federal government but where
does a state get off doing International
negotiations what what do I not know
about this story because to me this is
illegal what am I missing how how can a
state put a put a bounty on somebody's
head in another country
how is that
legal does does anybody know how that's
legal no I'm not I'm not opposed to it
I'm not I don't think it'll make any
difference so being opposed to it or not
opposed to it doesn't make any
difference I don't think but it doesn't
feel like it's legal it doesn't feel
like it should be
legal but probably is I mean I I can't
imagine it's hard for me to imagine that
two senators would not know that
something was illegal
they would know but it's kind of
surprising is it kind of
surprising well speaking of
Venezuela uh the Chicago gangs are
apparently having a tough time because
the Venezuelans are trying to move in
and steal their drug dealing stuff do
you remember what
uh
um something I told you a while ago
Peter uh Zan said so I don't have any
independent corroboration this just
something Peter zayan said on a video
that uh the reason you don't hear much
about the LA black gangs you know the
Crips and the Bloods it's not that they
don't exist it's that uh their operation
was basically taken over by the Mexican
cartels and that the way they took over
the businesses they just murdered they
just murdered The Black Gang members
until they controlled the
territory now I don't know if that's
true
but I do know I don't hear much about
black gang members in La do you when was
the last time you heard about a black
gang member problem in La I feel like
that used to be more news and just sort
of it's like it doesn't exist
anymore so my question is is there some
possibility that the Venezuelans are
just going to take all of that illegal
business from the black gangs in Chicago
you know life is so unpredictable who
saw this coming now the Chicagoans
including the gang members uh apparently
are quite
upset that the Venezuelans are coming in
not only getting government assistance
imagine imagine this you're in you're a
black Citizen in Chicago and let's say
you're in the lower income level and you
find out that your
government is giving money that you
think could have gone to you I mean if
the government had extra money for poor
people why is it going to the Venezuelan
migrants instead of you that's what
you'd think reasonably that'd be a
reasonable thing to think and then what
if you were also feeling that because
you're low income and systemic racism
and all the rest that your best
opportunity for making money was illegal
selling drugs now you'd have the
government that's taking what feels like
your money and giving it to the
Venezuelans while the venez are
literally taking your illegal jobs which
you might think are your best option
because the legal stuff isn't going to
work out for you for one reason or
another things might be really coming to
a
head there might be some we could be on
the cusp of some you know murdering
among the criminal elements like we've
never seen before so at some point the
Venezuelan gangs might try just try to
wipe out the the black criminal element
and just take over the business so I
don't think we fully understand how
violent this could get could
get all
right
um here's a uh oh new story that uh
according to the AP there are 98,000
arizonans whose citizenship hadn't been
confirmed that will be allowed to vote
so the Arizona Supreme Court said that
even though we don't know
98,000 uh people in Arizona we don't
know if there citizens they will be
allowed to
vote
now our election system is just a joke
at this point it's just a joke and the
funny thing is that if you don't follow
the news that I follow you know because
people send me stories they think I'm
interested in and I am interested in our
election secure
so I see I see five of these a
day five a day legitimate stories this
one's from the associate press AP
and how am I supposed to process this
this feels like the AP is telling me
that the government of one of our you
know key states in the election is going
to ignore the Constitution and just let
anybody vote who signed up or something
I mean it looks like nobody's even
trying it looks like the government just
said ah screw it anybody wants to vote
come on in I don't even understand what
I'm looking at like how can this even be
happening it doesn't feel like any of
it's
legitimate when I see something like
this I think okay the Arizona Supreme
Court oh I guess they're all owned by
the cartels or owned by the Democrats or
they're blackmail
but I can't think of any you know nonc
corrupt reason for what I'm
seeing can you can you think of a
non-corrupt explanation for why they'd
let 98,000 people who can't prove that
their citizens vote in a swing state
there's no reason other than
corruption that I can think of I I
usually I at least know the argument on
the other side what's the argument on
the other side of this because they try
to pull the um voter suppression oh
you're you're trying to keep black
people from voting there's no evidence
of that at
all no evidence now if somebody had some
evidence I would quickly Embrace that
point of view based on evidence I don't
I don't oppose it on any kind of
philosophical level you could have to
show me something but we've still never
seen a single black Citizen of America
who wanted to vote who couldn't figure
it out and couldn't get an ID not one in
in years years have passed and we
haven't found one and the news the news
will still report it like that's a
legitimate reason yeah well I mean you
could disagree or agree but they've got
a point you don't want to disenfranchise
all these you know voters what voter we
haven't found one disenfranchised voter
ever now keep in mind they have to be
people who can't get an ID but are still
interested and knowledgeable enough
about politics to
vote zero that ven diagram is no people
none and we're all supposed to pretend
like they exist or something no I'm not
going to pretend they exist unless you
can show me one show me one just one we
got lots of people in the country yeah
one one would be good just one
all
right I've got a new uh tell for
somebody being either brainwashed or
being the
brainwasher so you can't tell because
they would use the same words the
brainwasher would inject the word into
the brainwashed so then they'd both be
using the word so you can't tell
necessarily you know at least on First
Look you can't tell is this a
brainwasher or
brainwashed but they use the same words
and here's the new one useful idiot of
Putin the useful idiot thing now if you
were looking at all of the policies and
problems of the country and you were
looking at what Trump offered and you
were looking at what KL Harris offered
why would you bring up the useful idea
of Putin
concept the only reason you bring up
something that dumb is that you didn't
have any real reasons to prefer Harris
over for Trump if you had a real reason
you would mention it you wouldn't have
to make up
something that sounds so dumb and they
say it every election and everybody says
it about both sides to the point where
it has no meaning whatsoever well twice
today I saw the same individual on
doesn't matter who uh responding to a
prot trump post by reminding us about
that he could be a quote useful idiot of
Putin now you you also seen probably if
you're on social media that lately a lot
of accusations about Trump from the 7s
have popped up does anybody notice that
they'll talk about the the um the
Central Park five or they'll talk about
the housing case where there was a
housing discrimination case with one of
his companies by the way if somebody
brings that up um I think so there was a
trump property I think it was the 7
uh that was the management team was
discriminating against black applicants
now I believe that they pled guilty or
you know the company basically said okay
we you know sorry we'll stop doing that
probably pay to fine what was never
demonstrated as far as I know I'll take
a fact check on this if you know
something different what was never
demonstrated is that Trump had anything
to do with it it was his company so it's
his responsibility so so you know the
buck stops with him but there was never
demonstrated that he knew that his
management team was
discriminating now is it plausible that
they would have discriminated without
getting orders from the
top in the 70s yes it
is yeah you wouldn't need any orders
from the top in the 70s to do some
rental discrimination probably any white
people that they hired for that job
would have just sort of done it
automatically and it and in those days
it wasn't always discriminating against
uh let's say the ability of the renter
to pay in those days the Discrimination
would be as much about not wanting the
other people to discriminate and not
want to live in your building so it
wasn't so much what you thought about
the
applicant it was about what you thought
the other people who were applicants
would think about the applicants still
illegal still immoral unethical don't do
it but there is a difference I mean if
you want to be accurate about it there's
no evidence that Trump told anybody to
discriminate based on race that has
never been presented nobody's ever
claimed it nobody's ever said I talked
to him and he said
it so I don't know I don't know but
beyond that I have a different standard
which I like to apply which is if it
Happ happened 20 years ago and
especially if there's some court that
dealt with
it I don't care and I appli the same
standard I applied it to Hillary Clinton
as well you know people would say 20
years ago or 30 years ago she may or may
not have done this to which I say I
don't
care 30 years ago everybody was a
different person you know so show me
what you've done lately and I'll judge
you on that but 20 years ago 40 years
ago do you care about what happened 40
years
ago well so my point there is not to
defend any of those so I'm not defending
anything that anybody did back then what
I am doing is saying that if the
Democrats feel that they have to bring
up stuff from 40 years ago it means
they've given up on comparing policies
today you would never Dig Down 40 years
ago if you had something today
because everybody knows that what's
happening today is more relevant to
everybody so I it feels like the
Democrats are feeling some kind
of
um like they're giving up or they're
desperate to find something that they
can talk about that isn't obviously
better for Trump than than
Harris
anyway Trump did what I think is a quite
clever thing you know he was taking a
lot of heat on the hoax that Trump was
behind project
2025 which was done by entirely
different people although they had some
overlap with his past administration but
he wasn't involved with it doesn't
endorse it but it's a little more
radical than his policies so the so the
Harris team is trying to tag him for
being responsible for it which he isn't
so instead of defeating that hoax which
is impossible in today's media
environment he decided to introduce one
of
own I I love this more than I can
explain because in the real
world if you try to just say oh that's a
hoax let me explain very clearly you can
even check it yourself I was not
involved in writing it and you can look
at my policies in public and you can see
that not once have they ever been you
know overlapped with them on some of
these things on some they do overlap H
and and you'd think that the facts would
be enough to make that story go away
right but because the
media is a propaganda machine he doesn't
have the option of debunking a
hoax because they won't let him the
propaganda machine won't do it if they
were news they would but since they're
only propaganda he has no way to debunk
The hoax so what did he do instead he
created his own hoax that's a direct
counter to
it he created a commis project
2025 so he says that kamla has a project
2025 and that she wants to quote abolish
Ice uh open the border defund the police
release violent offenders eliminate
middle class tax cuts span fracking and
fossil fuel usage confiscate guns from
legal gun owners take away health care
plans for people taxpayer funded
transgender surgery for illegal aliens
do you know what's interesting about
that
list I think it's almost all
fake I don't think there's anything
that's true on the list which is just
what they were doing to
him now what are you going to do about
that so now you're the news so let's say
you're MSNBC what you want to report is
that Trump's uh allegations of kamla
Harris's project 2025 is based on things
that you sort of suspect she might do
but they're opposite of what she says
her policy is
so her her policy is that she's not
going to ban
fracking so Trump puts on her project
2025 hoax list you're going to
ban
fracking now it's based on a similar
idea that even though she says even
though she says I'm not going to ban it
in the past she said she would so you
think well her real personality is that
she would so you know it's not that much
of a reach to say that she's Li lying
about what she would do
but if you're going to take the standard
that Trump says these are my policies
and they're different from Project 2025
and nobody's going to pay attention to
that then I think it's actually
brilliant and hilarious that he took all
of the things that they're doing to
Harris which are opposite of what she
says she's going to do but you could
imagine maybe she's not quite honest
about it and they're just just throwing
it back at her
so instead of trying to make her hoaxes
go away which can't happen in the
propaganda press environment he simply
matched her
hoaxes he just matched her
hoax I don't know if this will work but
I love the fact that they can't they
can't debunk as
hoaxes without kind of accidentally
showing that it's similar to what she's
doing to him kind of brilliant kind of
brilliant I like everything about this
so again I'd like to say that um this is
the first time I've seen where both of
the
campaigns are
A+ the candidates you know are the
candidates but
wow if I'm just looking at the skill
level of the Harris campaign even if you
don't like the candidate the skill level
of the campaign is just so good even
when the ly they lie really really well
and then Trump's campaign again you know
they everybody has a stumble now and
then but I think that they're A+ this is
just kind of
brilliant well we have to talk about
Bill Mah again because I forgot to
mention he had beorn lomborg on his show
on Friday now Bjorn has been on his show
before uh for years actually but here's
what I feel I'm sensing that's
different the Washington Post just did a
big story in which they were going to
show the temperatures of the climate
across um across the eons you know going
back way back into the future and they
were surprised to learn that despite our
high levels of CO2 from man-made sources
that the temperature is actually kind of
lowish uh
historically they were not anywhere
close to any kind of like historical
Earth high now because the Washington
Post are mostly
idiots uh I don't think they presented
the
counterargument against the CO2 is a
hoax the counterargument is that you
can't compare the current to the
past and the reason is that there were
lots of other things that were different
for example the intensity of the Sun and
other atmospheric things were different
so the argument would be that although
there might have been you know different
CO2 and different temperature you can't
really compare it to the present and
make any kind of reasonable conclusion I
actually agree with that so I think the
Washington Post is wrong about climate
change being a problem but just to show
how dumb they are when they sort of
indicated that maybe it was a little bit
debunked with their own work their own
new new work of debunking it was also
moronically
incomplete so I think they got it wrong
on both sides I think they got it wrong
about the level of the risk and then
when they looked at the temperature over
time they were idiots and they couldn't
figure out how to do a good job on that
so they acted like CO2 is the only thing
that changed or temperature is the only
thing that changed and the two things
that changed and that's just not the
case there were a bunch of other things
that were different
so I'm I'm a little speculating here
because I didn't read the whole article
but I do think that they're not
qualified
to tell you what the temperature is
so here's what I think I think maybe
Bill Mah has seen some of these stories
about the climate risk being
overdone um and he had Bjorn lomor on
Whose story is not that the temperature
isn't rising and not that humans don't
have something to do with it but rather
that we've completely
miscalculated how bad it would be and
you would add to that that there's more
Greening and apparently our corn and I
yields worldwide are way better than
they've ever been because of
CO2 so we would actually be starving now
without much more CO2 than we had it's
the CO2 that's the only reason we can
eat I mean imagine if we didn't have
corn and
rice I mean we're we're talking about
huge huge increases in crop yields that
seem directly related to the
CO2 we would be
starving if we didn't fertilize the air
I guess now of course there may be
downsides as well and the argument with
climate is not that um it's instantly
going to kill you but that it might even
be good and good and good for the you
know good for the farmers until it
reaches some turning point where you
can't get back that would be the
argument now I don't think that's likely
neither does lomborg but for I think his
notable that Bill Maher a big green new
big green guy I guess um would have him
on just so you can see the alternate
argument and I think he listened to it
and I think
he he's sort of on the path to figuring
out that climate change might have been
like the pandemic might have been like
everything else we've been told a
lie and I think Bill Mah is suspecting
it now the other thing that gives me
this little hint is do you remember
years ago he was famously he got a
Prius and he was all you know hey you
know even a celebrity like me will just
drive a Prius because we got to save the
environment and now he says it was just
the worst
car and admits that the the electric
cars have have problems with you know
Rare Earth minerals and you know maybe
they're not so good for the environment
after all and then he also said he got a
Tesla after that and he hated it so he's
basically said that the you know the
buying of tiny vehicles that are good
for the environment didn't really work
out for him well he's got B bjor lomberg
on saying these green cars might be more
you know as much bad as good depending
who's calculating the Bad and the good
and I I think he's
signaling that he's evolving on the at
least the risk level what you should do
about it for the
environment so I can't read his mind it
would be unfair for me to say I think
he's changed his mind but the signaling
and the foreshadowing is definitely
there and I think that he may be having
if if you took Trump out of the
news I feel like Bill M would be a
Republican or no he wouldn't be a
republican that's too far I feel like he
would
be close to it you know more like an
independent who's not not badshit crazy
so I think it's really only Trump that
keeps him from saying you know I'm not
even so sure about this climate change
stuff he just wouldn't want to agree
with Trump that would be too far but I
feel like he's leaning that way or at
least he's open to the arguments because
he had lomborg on which again he's had
he's had him on in the past
before um cats on
roof so Trump I've said this before does
not get enough credit for the quality of
his writing and it's because you know
the Press wants to paint him as a sixth
grade vocabulary you know uh crazy
person but um I just love his writing
when he does these extended posts on
truth and he was getting on also Mar for
his guests but let me just read it and
I'm going to tell you a writer
way of looking at things so when I was
first selected to be a syndicated
cartoonist my editor who was the first
person in the world to look at my
writing and say hey I think you have
commercial level writing ability just in
the context of a comic strip and here's
how she explained it to me she said your
writing is voice
voicy like voice
and I didn't know what that meant so she
explained it's voicy meaning that you
can tell that it came from one
personality so my writing displays my
personality U more than other writing
does a lot a lot of people if they're
not professional writers they're not
good at it they'll write in a way that
looks like everybody else who trying to
write you'll see no personality you'll
just see that they're struggling to put
words in the right order so that they
can say something when you read trumps
anything
you can hear his
voice and you so hear his personality
that's
voicy voicy for uh non-fiction stuff if
you're writing it for fiction you you
want the characters to be the voice
that's different if you're writing for
non-fiction let's say career
advice um politics anything that's based
on facts you want it to be voicy because
that's what makes it fascinating and
interesting and it holds your attention
and what holds your attention is what
influences you so it'd be one thing if
you go if you said Ah that's interesting
but then you didn't remember it if you
remember it and especially if you read
it more than once because just the way
it was said and then you post it because
you thought it was funny that's the
ultimate writing the ultimate writing is
interesting you'll remember it and
you'll share it with somebody you can't
beat that and and and Trump does that by
being the ultimate voicy candidate now
I'm going to show you what I mean by
simply reading a sort of a lengthy post
he did on on truth so listen to it not
for the perfect
grammar uh you can't tell but you know
maybe there's a typo in here don't care
all right good writing is not about the
grammar the editors Fix Your Grammar
it's not about your typos the editors
fix your typos it's not even your job
you know you you did the first draft but
somebody else does that stuff so see how
voicy this is all right so Donald Trump
talking about Mar he says the ratings
challenged Bill Maher on his
increasingly boring show on HBO is
really having a hard time coping with
Trump derangement syndrome all in caps
he is a befuddled Mess Sloppy and tired
and every conversation with b and c list
guests seems to start with or revert
back to me this week he had quote dumb
as a Rock bimbo Stephanie rule from
msdnc on the show along with a trump
hating loser Brett Stevens who who
seemed totally confused and unsure of
himself very much like Mar himself
Steven should find himself another line
of work because I'm driving the failing
New York Times absolutely crazy and is
very hard perhaps impossible for a
writer to write well of me without
suffering the Wrath of the degenerate
editors who with a push from the top
have gone insane
they they apologized to the readers in
2016 for their complete and total Miss
and they'll do it again in November the
failing New York Times is badly Run
quote newspaper that has totally lost
its way put it to
[Music]
sleep put it to sleep who says
that so if if you want to know if you
want just one example out of 50
uh from that what makes it voicy put it
to
sleep put it to sleep who says that who
would ever use those words in that in
you know in this Sense on that put it to
sleep it's like a dog I just put it to
sleep anyway so have I made my point so
my point is that every word he writes
you see him you feel him you can hear
him and you remember him and then you
want to repost
it that is the ultimate the ultimate
Great writing if if you're still on the
he had a typo and he spelled a word
wrong oh you're missing the show you are
missing the show if it's the grammar
you're worried
about anyway best writer in the public
sphere in my
opinion
um so Boeing
so as you know Boeing's been having a
hard
time with it Starliner and its various
aircraft and stuff and you know some of
its equipment's not working late and
cost overruns and stuff like that so uh
the Starliner cost a there's a 1.6
billion in overruns and uh they've had
problems with it and as you know it's
the one that got stranded the astronauts
on the on the the International Space
Station so the uh the head of its space
and defense unit has been
fired so the the person who was in
charge of
Boeing not all of Boeing but was in
charge of the space and defense unit
just got
fired wow now there's a picture of the
individual who uh is a black American uh
what do you think the pundits are saying
about this situation
well quite unfairly they're calling him
a Dei
hire now uh I have no evidence to
suggest that anything that happened bad
with the Starliner had anything to do
with this one person even though he was
the boss um and certainly I have no
evidence to suggest there's any kind of
Dei issue in other words uh was he
promoted because he's black as opposed
to you know the best person for the job
I have no information that was
suggesting wasn't the best person for
the job so I'm going to take what I call
the Glenn
Lowry um frame on this The Glenn if you
don't know Glenn Lowry is a very smart
uh Economist I think is his background
and he talks a lot about Dei he is black
American and his take if I can
accurately summarize it is that uh Dei
obviously isn't good for the people who
are passed over because of the wrong
race
right that's obvious if you're if you're
a Chinese American and you got passed
over for somebody else because you're
the wrong
Dei um that's bad right so I think Glenn
would see that and but he would also say
it's bad for blacks who get uh promoted
because they're trying to satisfy Dei
and he says that that makes his own
accomplishments as well as anybody who
legitimately has you know credibility
and uh competence that anytime anybody
black accomplishes anything it's going
to still look like it was a Dei
situation and it's it's uh humiliating
and degrading and patronizing and all of
that so I'm going to take his view which
I think is is quite Complete because it
shows both sides of the situation which
is always a you know it's always going
to be a better than taking a half aside
and thinking you're done so I have no no
information that would suggest there was
anything wrong with this one individual
hire but as Glenn Lowry would point out
this is a disaster for black Americans
who are good at their
jobs it's a
disaster because people are people
they're going to look at this and
they're going to draw their conclusions
that it's another Dei hire it's a
disaster if you're a capable hardworking
black American and you're just trying to
make it on the same rules that everybody
else is trying to make it and and let's
say it's working out for you and then
people are going to look at you and
they're going to look at this Boeing guy
and they're going to say huh Boeing guy
Dei hire I wonder if there's more of
this so yes Glen Lowry you are correct
this is a disaster for the reputation of
capable black people in this
country all right um
Mike cernovich said something that uh
speaking of being
voicy cernovich is the ultimate voy
poster you you can see his personality
and everything he does and that is again
that's the best writing that's just the
best um he said this about the debt he
said the country will eventually have to
default you know it I know it they know
it what happens when a nuclear power
says we decide not to pay
who knows we will find out
soon so I agree with every word of
that
um but I'm going to the only thing I can
add to this is the reason that we don't
talk about it and the reason that you
know he can say Mike can say you know it
I know it they know it and that Rings
true but yet it's not the number one
story the number one story should be
that the United States is getting ready
to default on $35 trillion worth of debt
and there's nothing that can stop
it that should be the biggest
story but we're going to pretend that
this is like Biden and his mental
competence remember when we all had to
pretend that he was a little bit like a
real person and he could do things and
it was obvious he couldn't and now we're
pretending that Comm Harris has
capability and she has what it takes to
be president we all know that she
doesn't
the Democrats know it we know it the
Press clearly knows it and we're going
to kind of pretend that we don't
notice
so we have three things that everybody
could see that we sort of collectively
agreed to act like we don't see it so
Biden's
brain Kell Harris's
competence and the national debt we all
see all three of those things for sure
like no doubt about
it but they're not the big stories like
until there's something forces it like
the debate with Trump and Biden that
just forced the issue but what is going
to what is going to make us talk
honestly about the
debt there is no solution to the debt
and by the way if we defaulted on the
debt it wouldn't even solve the problem
if we're if we're adding to it at 2
trillion you know well we wouldn't be
able to borrow so I guess we wouldn't be
able to add to it so basically the whole
government would fall apart because so
much of it is based on
borrowing here's the only way I can
imagine that we could survive this
number one you got to get the interest
rates down because the interest on the
debt is bigger than I think the I think
it's bigger than the military spending
at this point so could Trump do anything
for example that would lower the
interest rates well yes and maybe just
the economy can do that so it's possible
interest rates can come down and that
would make a big difference but not by
itself what what happens if you got the
GDP up to
4% well you might be able to do that
because this will be the second or third
time in um the industrial human age in
which something special was happening so
I always say that Bill Clinton was was
one of my favorite
presidents um because the economy was
good but you have to say that he came in
during the.com boom if the.com boom
hadn't happened all by itself had
nothing to do with Clinton would he have
had the great economy no but that was a
once ever situation where things boomed
like we haven't seen boom In Our
Lifetime now prior to that many years
ago there was the Industrial
Revolution so yeah if you looked at all
of human history the Industrial
Revolution didn't take much time but it
was this rare time when we became
industrialized so you could imagine the
GDP would be zooming during something
like that you could imagine the GDP
would be unusually zooming during a uh
internet.com
takeoff and you could imagine that the
age of robots and nuclear power and AI
would be one of those periods so we
might be into a 10-year period where a
4%
GDP which I would consider impossible
under normal circumstances yeah you
don't just get the 4% GDP that it
basically it doesn't happen but you
could if something really unusual is
happening by itself in the amide
environment such as Ai and robots
Electric cars self-driving cars these
are once ever things there there will
only be one time when everybody wants to
get rid of their car for a self-driving
car there was only one time everybody
wanted to get rid of their regular phone
for a
smartphone right these don't come
along so you know luck is more important
than skill for a lot of this economic
stuff and it could be that whoever is
President next could be president when
there's this
economic boom like we've never seen and
we could be over 4% now you need the 4%
growth but you'd also need not a lot of
unemployment so if the robots and the AI
take too many jobs well we've got a
whole new problem and it's a big one so
could we navigate that maybe you can
navigate that by building new
cities because the people who don't have
jobs you say hey why you move to this
new city that Trump is building on
Federal Land and they're looking for
lots of workers and you don't have a
skill but you know we'll train you we'll
teach you how to do this stuff because
you'll just be you know carrying things
or Mixing concrete or something so we'll
just teach you how to do that so you
could imagine that we could you could
imagine some way that the unemployed
would get quickly redeployed now the
fact that we're bringing in all of these
um migrants
and part of the story that you don't
hear a lot about is that I think a lot
of them are being
employed and I don't know enough about
that so here's my question are there so
many companies that need um low-end
employees and can't get them that
something like I'll just make up this
number so this is a question not a
statement would it be true that 80% of
the migrants who were coming in through
Asylum so they technically would be
legal um do 80% of them just get a job
working on a farm or an assembly line
because we didn't have enough people to
do those jobs or is it
20% because if only 20% of them are
coming in and getting jobs that is a
disaster at a level that I can't even
comprehend if 80% of them are coming in
and although they don't make much money
and you know 10 of them have to live in
an apartment but they got jobs
is that the case if 80% of them have
jobs it's a whole different situation
and it also suggests that if we curbed
immigration we might find a way for
people who lose their jobs to find a way
you know not in the lowest of the loway
jobs
ideally so then the other thing would be
uh re-engineering the
government uh as you know um and Massie
Thomas Massie points this out the way
the Govern does budgets are they say how
about making a cut in this budget and
then all hell breaks loose because
there's somebody who's protecting every
budget so you can't really cut any
budgets the way a business would run
would be they'd say um every Department
tell me how much you need and you're
going to have to argue your case every
year and then you add them all together
and that's your budget but the
government just says um we're going to
need 5% more than last year because of
inflation and there's more people we're
taken care
of and then so let's say the Democrats
say that then the Republicans say no way
but we need to spend billions more on
the military and the Democrats say no
way and then the two of them get
together and they say how about this why
don't we just run up the
debt and you get your billions I get my
billions I get reelected you get
reelected because it's good for our
states and we'll just push that can down
the road and that's what happens so our
budgeting process is not even a
budgeting process so it's like how did
you repair your broken engine on your
car I I took up
knitting wait what I took up
knitting H that doesn't even seem like
you're in the right domain I mean that
is knitting fix your car engine well I'm
knitting really hard not really an
answer
how hard you knit is not related because
you can't really fix a car engine yes
but I've got lots of people knitting
again again that's not really the right
tool or even the right conversation to
cutting the debt so that's sort of where
we're at we're in this absurdity where
the government pretends they have
something to do with the budget but they
don't they're just not even doing the
job even even in the most basic way you
would describe somebody doing it job
they're not doing anything like that
there there's nothing even remotely like
your government managing the budget
nothing nothing in that domain it's like
they're knitting instead of changing the
engine into your car they're not even in
the same
game what could fix that well U Back in
the 90s when dver was huge corporations
had a similar problem so the corporate
budgets were just growing and growing
and they weren't sure that they were
doing the right things that they should
be doing they were just spending more
money and so they came up with this idea
came from one book in particular to do
something they called
re-engineering so they would for the
first time instead of just giving 10%
more to the thing they were already
doing they would say do we even need to
do that maybe maybe we should just do
everything differently and then we don't
even need this system at all so that
would be called re-engineering where you
you look at it from the ground as if
you'd never looked at it before you know
you go to First principles and you say
all right what do we need to do what
would it take to do it and does that
have anything to do with what we're
paying for now and if they
don't you stop paying for that stuff and
you re-engineer it and then you save
money and you're more efficient
now also around that time the Clinton
Administration was in office and do you
remember what portfolio Al G got as the
vice president because they sold him as
sort of more of an active partner than
just being a a boring vice president and
sure enough uh El Gore reinvented
government well that's the name for it
he and what what he focused on was using
the internet and newer Tech to do things
that we used to do in a fashion in
efficient bad ways so basically putting
a lot of the government online so you
don't need people and people can get
their service faster and so
Gore um have I ever told this
story so I don't know if I ever told you
this story but maybe this is the first
time you've heard it so this the '90s
Dilbert was big I was giving a speech um
in Washington DC just a dilber speech
for money and uh some of the
administration found out that I was in
town the you know the Clinton administ
ation and um I got invited into the
White House to just kind of look around
and meet some of the uh staff of Al Gore
staff his speech writing staff and I
guess Al Gore found out I was in the
building so somebody said hey that
dilber guy is in the building so he sent
the message to summon me to his office
and I thought really I was just I was
just visiting the I was just visiting
the the staff and uh suddenly they're
like uh vice president wants to meet
with you and I was like really so I go
down to this uh this ounter office with
some secretary type people sitting there
and there's this gigantic door like the
biggest door you've ever seen your life
I think it went to the it felt like it
went to the ceiling but it was a
electric door so you you push a button
and it opens maybe it was a bomb door or
something special I don't know but it
was the most impressive door to a room
I'd ever seen
and I'm standing there and I'm thinking
to myself is that door going to open and
the vice president of the United States
El Gore is going to walk through it and
say hi Scott because I couldn't really
believe this this was about to happen
and then suddenly I said this gigantic
door open up and Al Gore walks through
and he extends his hand to me and he
goes hi I'm Al
Gore which I always think is funny like
you're the vice president I know who you
are I'm in the white house I'm in the
white house standing in front of your
office you are El Gore and uh but you
know what else are you going to say it's
just reflex
so uh we took some pictures and then he
asked me if I had a minute to go in and
chat so we go into his office and he
said that uh you know he was trying to
reinvent the government you know try to
figure out the better faster cheaper way
to do everything and he was making a lot
of progress so he was succeeding and by
the way he did he did a lot of good
things he doesn't get a lot of credit
for it but that's part of the reason he
wanted to talk to me he said you know
it's so hard to communicate all these
boring technical things that we're
accomplishing but we have to put on a
report um to say we what we did to get
anybody to read it do you think you
could help us with make it just humorous
put in some Comics so he said can you
put some could you make it like a a
Dilbert um this is before I was
cancelled so people still like me he
said could you make it a Dilbert report
on what we've done to fix the government
and I said to him
no nope can't do that um because the
moment I embraced one political party
50% of my Revenue would go away so I
said that doesn't really really work you
know because I have I have a fiduciary
responsibility to people have licensed
dber at that point so if I became even
accidentally political even if I'm just
trying to help like it's not even that
political I'm just trying to help
somebody communicate uh i' lose half of
my audience so I was like nope that
doesn't work but here's what's more
important you don't want to associate
comics with this serious work that would
be a communication mistake because
people aren't going to take you
seriously if even if they learn that you
did good things in the comic because the
comic is the wrong it's just the wrong
vehicle don't do Comics if you're the
government but I did say I can hook you
up with somebody who's an expert on user
interfaces and could figure out um how
to make your your
message the most palatable so I hooked
him up with somebody who was better than
me without cartoons so he produced his
uh
booklet that uh said what the government
was doing it was very well written
because he got good help and uh he made
a big
difference now Elon Musk has offered to
help Trump cut the government spending
but what that really means is not a
finance person's approach what it really
means is re-engineering the government
what you don't want to do is bring in
like somebody with a big scalpel and say
h 20% of this and 10% of this and I'm
going to to cut 15% of this it might end
up that way but that's not ideal the
ideal situation is for somebody to come
in and say why do we have three entities
working on the same thing how about just
one done why do we even do this stuff
when people could do this through
private means without the government at
all and it'd be faster and
cheaper get rid of it done so that's
what re-engineering is re-engineering is
not twiddling with your budget
re-engineering is saying all right if
this didn't exist in the first place
would we ever build
this if if we had a problem to solve
today and you had to build whatever it
is that the government already has would
you or would you do it a whole different
way because if the answer is with our
current knowledge and technology and
situation we would do it a whole
different way then you do it that
different way and that's how you get
your cost down now could an Elon Musk
reduce our uh government expenses enough
to make the the deficit go
away he'd have to take like a third of
the entire government spending out of
the budget do you think he can do that
take onethird of the entire government
budget and if you did think of the chaos
that would
create just just think of all these
govern government organizations that
don't have very skilled people trying to
re-engineer themselves into a whole
different thing the the level of
complexity there is you know beyond
anything I can even imagine but in in
some big ways you could probably do
stuff so I do think that if you combined
um that the the environment might serve
up one of those rare times where the
economy is going to Surge no matter what
you do because it's robots and Ai and
self-driving cars
Etc maybe go into
space and if you add that with lower
interest rates just because things are
going well and if you add that to
massively re-engineering not cutting the
budget not cutting the budget because
that's not even the goal in fact I would
say the following if if if musk decided
that looking at the government there
should be something we should spend
twice as much on because it would you
know pay itself back in five different
ways we should do that so don't think of
it as cutting that eliminates a whole
source of goodness that could be applied
sometimes it's cutting in some areas may
be rare in some areas maybe more maybe
more all
right
um Kennedy RFK Jr was saying in a event
recently that inflation is just a tax
mostly on poor people because the rich
people own assets if you own a building
your building will go up with the
inflation so relative to everybody else
in the world you still own the same
amount of money because you owned a
building and it went up but if you are
living paycheck to paycheck and all
you're doing is spending your cash on
groceries you're going to buy Less
groceries because your money isn't worth
as much so in a sense um it's a way to
boost the economy which is good for the
people who own buildings not so good for
the people working for those people so
you can see how that's a transfer it's
like a tax on poor people and transfers
it to the wealthy it would be better
even as somebody who might benefit from
this I'd be a lot happier without the
inflation I'd rather just nothing
changed so you can run the economy you
know without the surprise and shock of
uh
inflation uh but it's a good point and
he says that uh
I don't know about this I need a fact
check on this but Kennedy says
um basically the inflation is caused by
the government spending too much and he
says that
uh the other cause of inflation is the
money we're spending on chronic disease
and he says that's five times our
military budget does that pass your
sniff test do you think the amount that
America is spending on chronic disease
now I assume that doesn't mean the
government spending I assume that means
individuals spending it on their own for
the most part um but is it really five
times our military
budget does that seem
possible it does seem possible I I'll
take a fact check on that because it
easily could be an
exaggeration but
directionally feels about right so now
imagine if Kennedy came in and made
everybody so healthy that their
healthare went down imagine if a
president Trump and by the way I can't
imagine him doing this but there's one
person missing from his team you know
president Trump's team of pirates you
know he's got an Elon Musk he's got a
all in pod they're on his side he's
they've got a bill lman they've got a
you know Tulsi gabard they've got you
know I can keep going
for so he's got this incredible team but
there's somebody missing you know who's
missing somebody to tell us to be
physically
active he needs
Arnold now I don't think Schwarzenegger
is pro
Trump but maybe he could
be maybe he could be because we need
somebody to tell us to take a walk after
dinner you you want to solve a bunch of
problems at the same time watch this uh
I'm president Trump and I've got an idea
um we've got RFK Jr working on your food
supply and your medicines trying to make
that healthier but let's not ignore
exercise and getting Outdoors here's
what I'd like you to do we should have
an app where you can organize with your
neighbors what time to take a walk after
dinner now there might be more than one
because people eat dinner at different
times so you could say oh it looks like
my neighbors some of them are going to
take a short walk maybe a mile or two
and uh they're going to do it at 7
o'clock on a nice evening in California
so 7 o'clock you look on your app and
you can see your other neighbors have
already started to assemble because it
shows their location once they turn on
the app and they say all right I'll walk
left and I'm going to run into my
neighbors taking a walk so they're
coming down the street toward me I can
see on my app I walk I join their little
group I see somebody in the group I know
I start walking with them and chatting
an hour later we're all happy we've made
some plans somebody says they're going
to have a party I got invited to a party
I've had my social interaction even
without a friend or without a girlfriend
or a
relationship I chatted with my neighbors
for an hour while I took a walk in a
beautiful sky and I came back and my
mental health was better and my chronic
illness was far better because I do it
on a regular basis now that's just an
example and honestly Trump is not your
um your IC of good physical health he's
doing a great job for his age I got to
say but you know you expect somebody
who's looks a little fitter to take that
message but you could also Imagine Trump
doing
it because he's honest so he would say
you know what you know I don't I don't
exercise as much as I should I like golf
but you should that'd be good enough you
know if he if he said I'm Not Your Role
Model but listen to RFK Jr you have you
seen him with that aure
I tell him to tell him to take off his
shirt if RFK Jr takes off his shirt and
you're not going to follow his advice
about uh Fitness well you're crazy you
might not listen to me because you know
I got a few extra pounds but look at
this guy if he tells you to take a walk
after dinner you're going to do it so
you could you could imagine a hundred
different ways that the Trump
Administration could sell it but I feel
like they need they need an extra pirate
they need a pirate who will get us off
our asses and get us moving without
spending money just just take a walk
right especially for the people who are
not that physical you know it's a lot of
people um so you could solve your
loneliness your health care expenses
your inflation
your mental health your physical health
by taking a walk it just has to be
organized
Teamsters uh apparently RFK Jr said that
sha O'Brien the head of the teamsters
called him just recently yesterday maybe
and asked them to send his love to
Trump now the teamsters you might know
uh decided to not endorse a presidential
candidate which is rare um for the last
few decades it's rare and people are
interpreting it as an inter as a
preference for Trump they just don't
want to say it out loud so I'd say this
is pretty
clear the the rank and file or something
like 2third in favor of trump and then
the head of the organization who did not
endorse is telling RFK Jr to send his
love to
Trump okay that's you can't get closer
to an endorsement than that can you it
it feels like they're doing everything
they can do to endorse them without
endorsing them and mission
accomplished mission accomplished so sha
O'Brien uh is probably smarter than
maybe people are giving him credit for
because he found a way to endorse Trump
without endorsing Trump through a side
door by just saying it to RFK Jr knowing
that he might repeat it pretty good
pretty clever well
done um Trump announced he wants to end
Sanctuary cities as soon as he gets into
office
um I assume that that's wildly popular
in the
public um if I had to guess
70% agreement with that
maybe about ending Sanctuary cities so
that seems a good solid thing to say if
70% I think it's at least 70% of the
public would agree with it so that's
just free money well the Entertainer
named Usher deleted all his posts on X
because he's getting dragged into this
Diddy um drama so when he was 13 years
old he lived with Diddy for a while to
learn his ways and there's some old
interviews in which uh in which
Usher was taken under the wing of didy
uh said he learned some things at the
Diddy parties uh and introduced him to
quote a totally different set of stuff
sex specifically remember he was 13 and
the accusations are that that Diddy was
sort of recruiting and uh having sex
with both young male and
female potential wannabe entertainers
and that uh he basically sold it this
this is the allegation I don't have any
personal information to confirm anything
so this is just what people are saying I
can't claim any of this to me true um
claiming that it was a wellestablished
organized process where Diddy had to
give up his body to somebody to become
who he is and then he's just passing
forward the Badness and making people
give up their bodies to be part of his
process to become famous now all of that
is
horrible but I'm just amazed at how many
little stories related to this are
popping up now for example there's an
old video of Christy Tean
um with uh what's her husband's name
John Legend and uh where they were
interviewed at some event and somebody
asked them about uh if they' had sex in
a public place and Christy
Teegan said cryptically well maybe the
Obama
thing and John Legend immediately said
we're not talking about that so there's
no explanation of what she
when she jokingly said the Obama thing
because they're good good friends uh
when she said something about having sex
in front of other
people now
again
again um confirmation bias might be all
that's happening so if you've heard all
these stories about
Diddy than anybody who was ever involved
in any of those parties or at any
contact with them at all if there's any
video of them saying anything unclear
even if it was a joke even if you don't
know what they were thinking it's going
to look like they're admitting sex
crimes so I'm gonna um I'm not a big fan
of John Legend because of his politics
and I don't know much about his music so
I don't have a feeling for that one way
or the other
um but I'm going to say innocent till
proven guilty on this one
as a
citizen I give him the um courtesy that
I would wish would always be extended to
me by citizens now if there's any kind
of legal process that ever had a problem
with him that would be a separate
conversation
but I don't like the fact that Christy
Tegan made a joking reference to
something and we don't know what that
meant and then assume that she was
banging it out with the Obamas
that's a little too far for me so maybe
I mean you can't rule it out anything
anything's possible I suppose but I
don't think that we have something like
evidence of that I think we have
confirmation bias like we our brains are
primed for that kind of interpretation
and then that comes along and then you
say oh there's more of
that probably not probably not but you
never know
anyway
um I saw that Elon
Musk uh I think he retweeted something
that said that uh X is not just a social
media Network it's a crime
scene so when people delete all of their
social
media it does look like a crime
scene so um also with
Usher uh I have no no Ence whatsoever
that Asher was involved in anything
inappropriate the confirmation bias is
enormous and sometimes the simulation
tries to give you a hint as
well but I'm not saying that Usher did
anything that involved gay sex I'm just
saying that they wouldn't call him Usher
unless he showed a lot of people to his
seat
I'll just let that one sink in a little
bit Yeah you wonder why nobody else said
that first that's why you have me is for
this well there's another sex related
Scandal you heard about uh a journalist
named Olivia
nuzzy uh allegedly was sexting RFK Jr
but we only have confirmation that she
was
saxing uh we do not have confirmation
that he he said anything um anything
inappropriate but there are reports that
his wife had her wedding ring off you
know where she wherever she was overseas
I guess and there are reports that
Olivia nuzi who was engaged to also
journalist Ryan lizza that that's been
broken off because of whatever this
was so poor Ryan liisa left his wife and
kids to be with Olivia nuzi he was 50
she's 31 and then the 31-year-old may
have cheated on him by sexting with
somebody who was closer to
70 and um now to be
fair the person she was allegedly
sexting was you know far more Alpha than
her uh her
fiance but uh I think he's maybe the
biggest victim in all this you know RFK
Jr probably can handle this like it's
just a Tuesday but I mean because he's
handled basically everything you could
handle but uh this poor guy Ryan lizza
imagine like it's in the
news oh my God it's terrible anyway I
would say that there's no evidence that
RFK Jr did anything
inappropriate there's definitely
evidence that she did but we haven't
seen any texts from him to suggest that
he went too
far I'm going to say innocent till
proven
guilty so I'm just going to ignore it
also you never know what the situation
is with anybody else's relationship you
never know so trying to assume you know
it's just like you would act and you
know that never works in these
situations well meanwhile in Lebanon the
US state department is calling on its
citizens to get out of Lebanon what do
you think that means it means exactly
what you think it means it means that
uh it means that Lebanon is going to get
a lot of
bombing and of course it's already
started so the Hezbollah up in Lebanon
they've been launching Rockets into
Israel they say in response to the
pagers and walkie-talkies blowing up and
of course Israel is attacking and uh so
Israel is selling this to the media that
they're attacking uh to prevent an
imminent
attack oh
sure yeah okay yeah all right yeah they
they're going to attack any minute now
so you bomb them first that might be
true but you know what else is
true hbel has been sending
Rockets pretty much non-stop for years
they don't need a reason you don't need
a reason you don't need you don't need
to tell me that you're doing it because
they're ready to launch an attack
they've got they got 100,000 Rockets
aimed at you and you have not you know
threatened them whatsoever at least you
know except in defense
and they don't need a reason you just
don't need a reason if somebody's got
100,000 Rockets pointed to you and
there's they're sending some of them at
your residential places on a regular
basis for years
you don't need a reason I'm glad that
you said it I mean maybe it's better
than not saying it but don't think you
need to justify
it nobody needs to justify that if if we
had 100,000 Rockets pointed at us from
Canada and they've been shooting some of
them every
day no we don't need to know that you
were going to shoot some more today in
order to go Cap all of their asses no
don't need a reason and again every time
you say to yourself here's what um
Israel should do to be good and moral
ethical people and here's what the
Palestinians should do to be good and
ethical people and here's how to make up
for the past none of that has anything
to do with
anything th this area of the world is
nothing but
power and if you're
lucky your allies will be the ones with
the power now is that good or moral or
ethical no it's not even it's not even
in the right conversation none of those
things matter nobody's making any
decisions based on what's moral or
ethical that's just things yap yap yap
yap yap it's pure power it's
self-interest now it's hard for me to
criticize Israel
strategy when it is so clearly linked to
their
self-interest how do you how do you
criticize somebody who is pursuing their
own best
self-interest ever
like
ever um so I
don't and you know that if the power
situation were reversed Israel would get
wiped out and again that wouldn't be
about you know you could argue it's
unethical and illegal and immoral and
all that you could talk about it all day
long but it doesn't matter what would
matter is the ones with the most power
got everything that's just the way it is
now unfortunately and I'm not saying
that that's right just saying that
talking about the the ethics and the
morality of it is just a waste of time
you you can't ask Israel to do something
that's in your opinion in your opinion
you're not there but you can't ask them
to do something that in your opinion is
more moral and ethical they shouldn't
listen to you they should look at what's
good for them and then if it's not
exactly as moral and ethical as some
strangers in another country wanted to
be well then you say stuff like they
were ready to attack us first
but let's not get lost that any of that
matters none of that matters the ones
with the power and the interest are
going to do what they can do and that's
what we're watching so the best case
scenario is that your allies are
winning that's it that's all we have and
at the moment they're doing
well all right ladies and gentlemen if
you didn't know the dilber 2025 calendar
is a ailable for pre-sale you can only
get it at the link you can find at
dilbert.com
and pre-sale will help me out a lot
because it will be awkward if there's a
gazillion sales two weeks before
Christmas because I'd like to make sure
that you can actually get it and there's
not a production a production lag so um
for a number of reasons that are just
practical and selfish it helps me a lot
personally
if you pre-order and because the
shipping costs are high for
everything um if you can get more than
one because you're going to give out
some presents perhaps your shipping cost
will look a lot more reasonable so the
sooner you do it the better for me so if
you're thinking of doing it later I'm
asking you as a favor to do it sooner so
if anybody feels like doing that it
would make me very happy all right um
and remember the the dilbur calendar is
because people ask for it you know I'm
sort of at a point in my career where I
really don't have to do anything I don't
want to do you all know that right I
don't have to do anything I don't want
to do I'm
good I don't need to prove anything I
don't need any more money I only do the
things I want to do now the reason the
calendar is reproduced and it's a lot of
work like to set up a whole new
operation find Partners to to do the
hard stuff all that it's a lot of work
and I did that in this case because so
many people said you know my life is not
the same without the the dilber calendar
and we we give it as a gift every year
so this is done for
you um it's not like a big money maker
that will make a difference in my life
but I'd love if he got it sooner than
later all right that ladies and
gentlemen is all I have to say to you
today um and I'm going to go talk to the
local subscribers because they're
special in a good way and um the rest of
you on X and Rumble and YouTube I will
see you tomorrow same time same place
and I feel bad for all those lazy
podcasters who don't work on a Sunday
just bad but all right locals I'm coming
at you in 30 seconds right after
this
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for