pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody come on in it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams and do
you know what that means I think you do
it means you've all got to get in here
scramble to find your beverage your cup
your mug your vessel of of liquids and
it's time when we have a thousand users
for the simultaneous it watch that
counter as soon as he hits a thousand
Erica oh that was good
simultaneous sipping okay okay if you've
been watching my Twitter feed this
morning I know what you want to talk
about you you want to talk about a tweet
about music which i retweeted this
morning from Alexander Jay a Cortes who
said this was Alexander's tweet music is
mental programming do not ever discount
his power
it changes your psyche your psyche on a
deep level and then I retweeted that
with my own comment and I said this is
why I don't listen to music literally
now when I say I don't listen to music
literally the pedantic people say well
literally you don't listen to music I
hear music incidentally because it's
always in the environment you know other
people are playing it or it's it's on in
the gym whatever but I don't I don't
make a practice of injecting myself with
music on a regular basis and the reason
is that music is designed to move you
and the bad music probably doesn't but
mostly the music you listen to is
stuff that made it to the top you know
the the best people making the best
music with the best production and it is
designed to move you to move your brain
to put it in a mode now if you use music
medicinally that's probably fine in
other words if you if you have a
playlist they use at the gym or when
you're exercising and the the playlist
you know get your energy up and that
helps you exercise I would say that's a
medicinal use of music it's probably
fine and especially if you're not paying
attention to the lyrics too much but
most music we listen to just because we
like it and if you just like it you're
letting in all of the thoughts and the
lyrics and the emotions of the author
and they may not be linked up with what
it is you need to get done what you need
to do how many people have you seen
listening to music while trying to work
or kids kids listening to music while
they're trying to do their homework if
you ever tried to talk a kid out of
their headphones while they're doing
homework this is more of a you know a
modern problem if your kids are already
grown you you haven't had to deal with
this but you can't talk you can down to
their headphones these days unless you
would remove all of their technology you
you would almost have to physically beat
a child to take music away from them in
today's day and age because of the
addiction now can you listen to music
which has lyrics and is moving your
brain and also concentrate and do a good
job on your schoolwork or your job or
whatever plenty of people are gonna tell
you yes because they like doing it and
I'm not arguing that people like it
that's why they do it I'm arguing that
it's a drug and people can go to work
when they're drunk it happens all the
time people can do their job when
they're drunk
I just don't recommend it
the trouble with music as programming is
that you can't always control it there
are certainly cases where you can use
music medicinally to match the music to
the mood you're trying to produce and
then you would be programming yourself
to to some productive place but if
you're just listening to music you're
taking it like a drug you know you're
taking it whether it's a good time to
take it or not you're taking it whether
this song matches your mood or not if
you're taking it whether the music takes
you into an angry place when you
shouldn't be angry that's the worst use
of music and it's the common way we
listen to it we listen to just the songs
we like and they're randomly going to
influence you so that's my point on
music in my Twitter feed today you may
have seen that I retweeted a story about
a company that is already reproducing
simulations of dead people they can take
photographs of people if they have
enough photographs and they mash it up
and they can create a 3d rotating object
I'm sure you've also seen that I think
other companies can have a character
let's say a CGI character speak in
exactly the tone and voice of a real
person and so now we have the voice and
the look and and they're they're feeding
off of information that's available on
the Internet about these dead people so
when I tell you that my legitimate
honest I'm not exaggerating one bit plan
for many years has been to live long
enough and see the internet with enough
of myself that I could be immortal
meaning that I will be recreated easily
and I'll have something pretty close to
a full personality because of the body
of my work that's all public so if you
were to look at all of the books I've
written the blogs I've written the Khan
written the periscopes I've done and I'm
at some point some AI can just go out
and scrape all that stuff and put it
together you would have a pretty good
picture of who I was at least on average
now the problem of course is that people
are not the same people that they were
so for example you know I'm not the same
as I was when I was twenty so I don't
want that part to be immortal
I want something closer to my 60 year
old mind to be the the permanent one
because that's sort of when you've
learned the most and pretty soon my
mental processes predictably should
decline at least in my organic state so
I'd like to sort of lock in whatever
happens in the next few years for me now
some people have said hey you can't
reproduce consciousness so even if you
were reproduced your consciousness
wouldn't go with you so therefore you
know it's not really you here's my
argument to that every part of my
current physical body my organic body is
different from the cells I was born with
so if my body has already been 100%
replaced with a different body and
that's just objectively true right all
of my cells have been replaced since
birth but I still have the same
consciousness don't I so it seems that
the consciousness can change from one
physical form to another because it
already did now other people say oh ho
but that's that's organic to organic and
it's all it's all based on your DNA so
really that's a sort of a continuation
of your consciousness that's not a new
body okay some people say that a
simulation cannot have consciousness
here's what I say do you have
consciousness right now
do you have consciousness here's my
argument for why a simulation can have
consciousness because you are one now
when I say you are one do I mean that
like with a hundred percent certainty no
I do not I mean it with 99.999999%
certainty
why it's the argument you've heard a
number times for me which is if a
simulation is possible lots of them will
be graded so the odds of you being an
original species versus one of the many
simulations created by that species is
vanishingly small so you don't have to
ask yourself can consciousness exist in
the simulation because it's you you're
in all likelihood and I mean almost all
likelihood as in 99.99999% you are a
simulation
do you have consciousness sure you do
it's it's the impression you have of
yourself could you create another
simulation that believed and acted as
though I had consciousness and had
something like feelings and and and
everything that we would call
consciousness absolutely in my opinion
that won't even be hard might take 20-30
years but it's not a hard it's not the
hard part of the deal so the technology
is coming together to execute my plan of
living forever and bringing my
consciousness over to the other device
now somebody brought up the thought
experiment of the Star Trek transporter
let's say the transporter effectively if
we can imagine inventing a transporter
and not the actual Star Trek TV show
bond but if you were to create a
transporter would it destroy the person
the original and then only create a copy
and what that what would that feel like
because the person who was destroyed
would end consciousness they would they
would no longer feel anything and
suddenly at the other end of the
transporter
ping something that is a copy of you
would wake up with full consciousness
and all of your memories with that
creature who would be really just
another creature would it still have
consciousness and it was would it still
be you I say yes because as I said even
the adult you is all new cells from the
time you were born so if you could just
speed up that process and create and all
you all knew you more instantly it would
be all new cells still you still based
on your DNA still has your memories
feels what you feel remember as being in
the transporter
I say that's consciousness no problem
all right let's talk about a few more
things I hear that Japan has
discontinued buying oil from Iran or
they're in the process of doing that and
Japan was apparently a pretty big
customer here's what's interesting about
the Iranian situation does it seem to
you that our president is very quiet
about Iran let me check in with you
doesn't it feel as though President
Trump is unusually quiet about Iran and
is he ever unusually quiet pretty
unusual right here's why I think he's
quiet because everything's going his way
I've never seen this before you I don't
think I've ever seen the variables
lineup the way they're lining up now I'm
not saying that's all because of
President Trump some of it is timing and
lock and you have to be in the right
place at the right time but even if
you're in the right place at the right
time you still have to do the right
things or you're not going to get the
right result and it seems to me that the
president's approach here is all the
business now what does it mean to have a
business person being president and
how is that different from let's say a
politician being president well let me
tell you how somebody just surfaced a a
2013 a tweet from Senator John McCain in
which he was mocking our Madinah Jen for
saying that Iran or was it rouhani it
was one of the it was mocking one of the
iranian leaders for saying they wanted
to put you know put an iranian in space
and mccain actually joked that we've
already put a monkey in space I had to
actually check to see if that was a real
tweet just think about that
so McCain who was a politician not a
businessperson trying to give some kind
of a good result with Iran right because
why would you want a bad result and to
in terms of the United States interest
you want a good result with all
countries and he tweeted comparing the
leader of Iran with an actual monkey
this is one of our senior state's
persons right now in business let's
compare that to business now the the
political model is that if you have
problems with another country you treat
their leaders like they're despicable
that's the typical political way to
approach things if if we have a problem
with your country your leaders are bad
people and we hate you and we're gonna
let you know we hate you and we're going
to make it worse by saying we hate you
that's how politicians have always
operated now move to the business world
let's say IBM wants to do a deal with
Facebook and I'm just picking two random
businesses if the leaders of one of
those countries hate the leaders of the
other company how do they act well they
don't act like McCain if IBM wants to do
a deal with Facebook IBM does not call
Zuckerberg a monkey no business people
don't act that way
they can they can hate the other company
but if they need to do business with
them they're gonna be polite right
you're gonna get the business done
because that's the bigger issue then you
know insulting somebody on the other
side and then losing the deal take
president Trump's approach to North
Korea he's being businessman tough on
sanctions and and all that stuff but
he's saying but personally Kim jong-un
and I we get along I like him personally
I think he's a good leader but we need
to get this business taken care of you
know it's good for business
if we're if we're on the same side at
least in terms of economics and defense
stuff how productive is that compared to
insulting him as had been the normal
political process what is president
Trump's approach with Russia all
business it's all business
hey Putin I like you personally yeah I
have no problem with Putin he seems like
a strong leader I think we could do
business with him but you know we're
gonna have to sanction you for some of
these things you did but it's just
business
it's not personal so what is President
Trump doing with Iran he's saying that
the situation with Iran is destabilizing
to the area they're supporting
terrorists what's at cetera and we'd
like to be friends someday is he
insulting Iran no and you don't seem
that in Yahoo doing that either he's
talking about the leaders need to change
their act or that or the you know
perhaps the population needs to make a
change in their leadership but it's not
personal not in the way it used to be
anyway and you see how powerful that is
so when I say isn't it unusual that the
president is not really weighing in on
Iran and the reason is that business is
taking care of it
and if business is taking care of it you
don't need to get personal
so when Japan says we're going to stop
shipment you know stop shipments from
Iran and the European countries say well
even though we could make deals with
Iran it's a little risky because the
United States is mucking up the the
business here so and and and so it seems
to me an insanely productive smart
approach to take all of the emotion and
of the Iranian situation say look it's
just business if if the Iranians want to
do business you've got to meet the
minimum standard of people we can do
business with but it's not about you
personally it's not it's not even about
the leaders it's definitely not about
the people the Iranian people we love
them we love the Iranian people why
would we have any problem with them at
all and indeed I think the Iranian
people are far more pro-american
pro-western than and just pro people
than the leadership is so you're seeing
an amazing I think
approach to Iran and the Middle East an
amazing approach but it's all
depersonalized and and this is this is
that negative space I tell you to look
for look for what is missing and what's
missing is all the personal stuff you
know all the threats all the all the
emotional approach Iran is just business
and it's going in exactly the right
direction now there's a story that you
probably know that Prager you an online
site that has a number of videos on
topics often minore always I'm not sure
but right-leaning sort of a conservative
Channel and apparently it was dropped
their traffic got eliminated on Facebook
and it took him a while to figure out
why and when they got to the bottom of
it yeah Prager University
when they got to the bottom of it the
Facebook said oops it was
steak and it was a mistake by one person
who made a judgment call and that person
was just wrong and so we're reading that
person and in the meantime they they
reinstalled the the page now I'm I'm
always okay with people correcting
errors and I've said this before but if
you're gonna judge people and judging
people is risky business you know some
would say that's God's business you know
it's not humans business to judge other
people but I'll tell you the rule that I
try to live by I try not to judge people
by their mistakes I try to judge them by
their response to the mistake because if
you judge people by their mistakes you
would just freaking hate everybody
because we're all making mistakes all
the time
so it's a terrible standard but the way
people correct their mistakes the way
they address them whether they apologize
whether they come up with a new plan
whether they try to make it right
you know whatever they do about it is a
lot more revealing about who they are
and it's it's who I who I would like to
support them to be usually assuming it's
a productive thing so Facebook has
acknowledged the error they have
apologized and they've done something
specific to fix it so far Facebook
thumbs up so in my personal standard of
how anyone should act admitting the
problem apologizing and then saying what
you're doing about it
that's it 100% so I have no complaints
about how it was handled but the
question you have to ask yourself is
this how often does it happen to left
learning leanin sites and i don't know
it has it ever happened to any site that
was just left-leaning but I hadn't
hadn't broken any rules but got shadow
banned or
yeah so that problem has to be addressed
and I think the congressional testimony
is coming up this week we'll probably
will probably get us a little closer to
an understanding of that situation so
I'm gonna give Facebook an A+ for how
they handled it everybody makes a
mistake by how they handled it a plus
but we still have that question why does
it seem to happen in one area more than
others or is that just our impression
it's entirely possible it's just
confirmation bias
maybe I just notice it more because of
the media I follow or whatever all right
did I already talked about music yeah
did okay
forgetting let's also talk about Oh
so Tim Poole tweeted today a copy of a
book an MIT book it's it's in something
called the new hackers dictionary and he
actually found the phrase of monkey up
as one of the many phrases in this new
hackers dictionary from 1990 from MIT
press I guess so he has demonstrated for
those who were wondering you know is
this a real saying say monkey up because
a lot of people said hey why is descent
I was saying monkey up but that's not
even the same but apparently monkey up
is the same and in the 90s it was
already written down as legitimate
enough and common enough that it was in
a book now when I heard monkey up I
thought it was a mash-up of monkeying
around with and mucking up so to me
saying monkey up when you've got mock up
and you've got monkeying around just
sounds like you mashed them together and
that anybody would know what you meant
and it would be a perfectly acceptable
mashup you know just like sample
for music would be just throw that in
there to get you excited alright so that
has been established I wanted to talk
about black lives matters bad strategy
I'm gonna take you to the white board
you didn't know there was gonna be a
white board topic oh yes there is we
didn't talk about strategy hold on for a
second all right this is life strategy I
have simplified the world but just for
the point of making a point obviously
there are more people in the world than
the ones I'm going to mention so if
you're you know Asian or Hispanic don't
worry I'm not forgetting you exist I'm
just simplifying to make the point
easier to talk about and I'm going to be
talking about a success strategy if you
were to imagine the world as a lot of
Republicans right I know there are other
people in the world but just simplifying
there are Republicans in the world and
everybody would agree this some people
who identify as Republican Republicans
are definitely racists like definitely
the bad kind of racists nobody would
argue that point somebody would argue
what percentage so if you are Republican
you probably say well it's it's really
just tiny percentage i don't even meet
those you know I've been a Republican
forever and I barely can never even
think of even meeting anybody who
thought like that if you're black you're
probably thinking well maybe a small
percentage actually we're the KKK robes
but really you're all sort of in the
same game you know or or you're
supporting people who like President
Trump that you think is racist so it's
all sort of the same big racist mess
here then you have the I haven't gotten
to my point yet right I'm just citing it
up and then you've got the black
community of which some percentage of
them are black lives matter or support
them again none of this is drawn to
scale because because the scale won't
matter for
point I'm gonna make so it doesn't
matter how many what percentage these
are I'm just saying they exist and that
and we all agree that there's some
percentage in each group now here's the
strategy part let's say you're a young
white kid like I was who grew up in
modest means so I literally moved to
California with you know a couple
thousand dollars and two suitcases that
was to start my whole life and an
education which was probably the more
important part and when I tried to
succeed
can anybody succeed without any help
is it possible to succeed in this world
completely by yourself like nobody helps
you do anything not really right
success is I this might be close to a
hundred percent true I think it's a
hundred percent true right but it's
close enough to 100 percent true I'm
going to act like it is that you need
other people to be part of your journey
people to give you advice people to hire
you people to recommend you people to
give you advice etc okay now let's say
your black lives matter and you've
decided to brand this side who happen to
have most of the power at the moment
let's say you've branded them as all
racists and they know it let's say
they're aware of the fact that you as an
individual have branded them all races
are these people now available to you to
help you on your journey I don't think
so I think you took them off the table
these these pieces are off the table so
now if you're black and you want to
succeed in life your pool of people that
can help you is now limited to other
people who think like you
and that pool the reason that there is
such a thing as black lives matter is
because this pool doesn't have the power
doesn't have the connections and doesn't
yet have enough money to be as helpful
as this larger group so you can be
totally right about your opinion or you
could be totally wrong about it and that
has nothing to do with my point right so
black lives matters opinion of this
group could be totally right could be
totally wrong could be a correct version
of it doesn't matter for my point today
none of that matters because if you want
to succeed treating all of these people
like racist is the very worst
thing you could do now let me say it
even in an even more stark way here was
me little white boy back in 1979 getting
out of college I also had to deal with
these same people they weren't just
Republicans but they were white people
who had power white people who had
connections white people who could help
me how much did I love all of these
white people well some of them I liked
but most of them I didn't like they
weren't people who I agreed with they
had they had views I found abhorrent
they were jerks to me they were
dismissive to me because I was young and
I didn't have any power they treated me
like I was dirt how often does a young
white male get treated like garbage
by the people in their own group who
have already succeeded and already have
money pretty typical right I'm not going
to say it's comparable to racism because
I could never you know understand what
it would be like to be in this group
trying to deal with this group it's got
to be harder but what I'm telling you is
you suck up a lot of unpleasantness for
this you don't get to success unless you
eat a mile of a
from these people because these people
have what you need if you're not working
these people you're not trying you're
not even trying so one of the reasons
that I noticed that many of you were
having the same reaction I was having to
hawk Newsom one of the leaders of black
lives matter and in New York and he was
sort of changing his approach to paint
the entire Republican Party or at least
the Trump supporters he more more Trump
supporters as being at least racist or
racist supporting which would be similar
enough to being a racist I think most of
us had the same opinion we felt like our
guts falling out of our stomachs because
many of us were quite serious about
saying if you come over here we got a
lot of for you we got stuff you
need and we want to give it to you we
want we want to help as hardly as hard
as we can but Hawk took that off the
table you know what honestly it was
heartbreaking
I took it pretty hard some of you
noticed that that I've been you know in
an angry mood the last couple of days
that angry mood is probably quite a bit
because of this I saw I saw such an
opportunity that was lost now who do you
blame who do you blame for this
situation
do you blame hawk I'm not quite there
I'm not ready to blame him because
here's my thing where does everybody's
opinion come from are people born with
opinions they are not we're not born
with opinions our opinions are a result
of our environment in our situation our
history but more importantly when it's
talking about President Trump most of us
did not have a president Trump well none
of us had a president Trump for most of
our experience so we're getting
pretty much everything we know is coming
from the sources of news that are
feeding us so it's your CNN's your
MSNBC's your New York Times your
Washington Post's yeah and on and on and
on your NBC's your ABC's your CBS now
these folks the the black community are
they're not watching a lot of fox news
right so it's fair to say that most of
them you know these are generalizations
obviously not nothing i say here applies
to every person yeah I hope we're adult
enough to know that all right so this is
who's feeding them can you blame
somebody here who is absorbing this can
you blame them for saying holy hell
these people are so bad I don't even
want to frickin talk to him I don't even
want to be in the same room with these
people it's a perfectly natural reaction
so who do I blame
I don't blame walk I blame these guys
because their business model is is based
on you know getting people worked up and
they have probably some agenda behind it
but their business model guarantees that
they'll look for a conflict because
that's where all the clicks are so we
have this situation where the black
community is completely locked out of
the most the most fruitful path for
success which is to take advantage of
the resources and the connections and
the help that helps white people right
the reason the white people have an
easier time is because they're dealing
with other white people even if they
don't like them and those other white
people are helping them in a variety of
ways the black community has locked
itself out because these guys have told
them to do it so this is the programming
that is absolutely
decimating the black community and these
 are the problem do I seem like
I've got a little attitude about it look
at the damage and look at the friggin
damage that these guys are doing how
hard would it be for the black community
to say hey we've got a new president
let's you know keep an open mind we've
got some policies these are some things
we can get behind
hey that give you some concrete examples
there's a prison reform package does the
black community support the prison
reform package or not supportive this is
one that the Trump administration is
putting together I don't know
do you do you know the answer to that
question I don't know I don't even think
they're talking to him right if they did
support a particular package if the
black people need to set look we don't
like it the way it is but if you would
just add this element or tweak it this
way we're really gonna be on board with
that
it might not get you the votes but you
know you'd be moving in the right
direction all right
you know to eventually maybe get a few
votes why not do that why not work with
the people who have the power with the
people who've got the authority well the
reason they can't is because they can't
even be in the same room with them could
let me ask you this if the President of
the United States invited a leader of
black lives matter let's not talk about
walk in particular but just a leader of
black lives matter to come to the White
House and you know maybe listen to him
and talk to him what would happen to
that leader
well that leader would be excommunicated
I think because these people have said
you can't even talk to those people
they're so vile they're so racist you
shouldn't even be in the same room with
them and if you do you're gonna hear
about it right
you saw that pushback with Kanye just
having a conversation with the president
but imagine that you know multiplied by
a million Kanye has the ability to float
that he's a rare rare personality in a
rare situation but the average person
can't float above that the average
person is is locked in this little
prison over there
thanks to their jailers let's call these
the jailers now I don't think I'm not
saying that anybody is having a meeting
you know they're not colluding they're
not saying hey let's get together and
make things bad for the black community
nothing like that because in fact many
of these people are african-american
they're now trying to hurt themselves
it's just the effect of it so the effect
of people you know pursuing their own
interests the effect of their business
model the effect of some personal biases
against the president has completely
taken the black influence off the table
and it bothers me I think it bothers me
a lot so I just wanted to I just wanted
to talk about that because I I needed to
get that off my chest all right what
would happen if Trump invited Kaepernick
to the White House well I think the same
would happen to capron Act I think
Kaepernick wouldn't be able to go
because I think and I don't know the cap
Nick would be wrong about this by the
way so this is not a criticism of
Kaepernick I think that he would lose
credibility with the people he's trying
to represent and so he might make a
reasonable decision not to do it what's
your personal reasoned I don't know what
the personal reason is that didn't
understand that question
oh let me let me add some positivity to
black lives matter so one of the things
that black lives matter has gotten right
in terms of persuasion is that that
saying is very catchy and even if you
disagree with it let's say you'd I hope
nobody's disagreeing that black lives
matter but some people disagree with it
in the indirect way of saying all lives
matter all lives matter why are you
saying just black lives matter so that
tends to be the trap that a lot of white
people fall into and it just makes them
look like racists so that also makes us
clever because it creates kind of a trap
but here's the cool thing even when
you're arguing against the motto you're
you're repeating the motto so no matter
how many times you say I think black
lives matter is unproductive or whatever
you're saying about the same because
maybe you think all lives matter or
whatever you or you prefer police lives
or blue lives whatever even as you're
arguing against it you have to keep
repeating it in your mind and the
repeating of black lives matter black
lives matter even when you're arguing
against it what if I taught you well
what I've taught you is it's convincing
you that black lives matter which was
very much a central theme so in terms of
a message and changing the mood and the
attitude of the country in raising
raising awareness etc the black lives
matter motto I'm not sure who came up
with it but it's really brilliant
persuasion wise even if you're
disagreeing with the techniques and the
methods and stuff persuasion wise is
great I've said the same thing about
Kaepernick and about kneeling for the
the flag my opinion is that I wouldn't
respect a flag that people couldn't
protest all right this is just me I'm
not going to try to persuade you of this
but the reason that I'm I'm fairly
positive about the protesters the NFL
protesters mostly cap redact the others
are a little weaker forms of Kaepernick
is that the fact that it offended so
many people and that it was a protest in
what people thought was the wrong place
it doesn't belong in this football area
that's what made it work that's why
we're talking about it
so as a protest it was really good and I
think that they did between black lives
matter and Kaepernick and the NFL
kneelers I think they took a backburner
issue police police actions against
unarmed people and especially black
people in at least in their telling of
it they raised they raised the profile
of that issue
that's good protesting yeah they don't
have a result yet but in terms of
raising issue that's good that's good
news yeah somebody said is burning the
flag the same yes and again I'm not
going to try to convince you to adopt
this this point of view I'll just tell
you my point of view I would not respect
a flag that an American citizen can't
burn for a protest because what is the
flag except that I mean it's it's most
central meaning as you know freedom
freedom of speech freedom from the
government now if you say my god burning
the flag or disrespecting the flag hurts
me personally it's disrespect a little
hateful I hate it
yes it's all of those things that's what
makes it an effective an effective
protest so it's supposed to do those
things that's why people do it that's
the part that's working but would you
respect a flag that would jail you or
kill you for desecrating it in protest I
would not respect that flag so the flag
we have the one that's burnable as long
as you're doing a legitimate
test right I don't have any respect for
somebody who's just disrespectful for no
particular reason
you know if somebody wants to use it as
a floor mat but they're just being a
jerk like I don't like that person
there's no protest involved right but if
you're doing it in public you're doing
it to raise awareness and it works
that's the country I want to live in I
want to live in the country where my
flag is so durable that you can burn it
you know if you could destroy a flag by
burning it it wouldn't be much of a flag
I mean it's a symbol right it's not it's
not a piece of cloth you can't destroy
the symbol you didn't burn as many as
you want we'll just make more all right
what about the flag on the moon all
right I was going to try to avoid that
but you've all seen the story of I guess
is Ryan Gosling who did a movie about
the moon landing in which they they
omitted the part where the American flag
was stuck in the ground and I have I
have semi mixed feelings about that as
an American it's offensive of course and
it's not done in the form of a protest
so had it been a protest I would be more
positive about it and say oh okay that
got my attention it was a good protest
hold on but but it's it's done in the
context of art so a movie is art all
right so once you're in the art realm
some of the rules are a little different
secondly it's in the context of Commerce
they're trying to sell the movie and
they're trying to sell it in in other
countries would other countries want to
consume this movie as much you had a big
old flagon
the answer is maybe not right yet would
would it play as well overseas if
if a central moment was American
patriotism probably not so I think
Gosling made a let's let's call it an
adult a choice meaning that there was no
right choice if they put the flag in it
offends people you think they shouldn't
be offended but that's not relevant to
the fact that they would be that would
make his commercial product less
valuable maybe you know we don't know
but as an assumption it was a reasonable
now have they gotten away with not
showing the flag and nobody noticing and
everybody thinking oh you know that was
just a minor detail they didn't show
every moment he probably could have
gotten away with it just by saying well
we didn't show every minute of the moon
landing we just showed some you know
theatrically interesting parts but
because we Americans think the flag was
an emotionally important part it's
obvious and being missing so here's the
thing the people making the movie have a
responsibility to the investors in the
movie they have responsibility to the
other actors it's a business and they
have they have a business responsibility
so if they made a business decision to
make it more commercially good I I don't
feel comfortable with that
but it is an adult decision it's an
adult decision because there were two
ways to do it wrong and you just had to
pick one of them that's what adults do
two wrong choices you got to pick one of
them now is Gosling American I forget
does he Canadian or American can
somebody remind me first am I am i
confusing him with somebody else
he's not getting 80 and is he he's
American I don't know why I don't know
the answer to that question I'll wait
for somebody to to tell me here he's
Canadian
yeah if he's Canadian then it makes a
little more sense
right so people are telling me he's
Canadian but the director did it well
the director did it but when you're a
star of his stature you definitely have
some you have some sway on things so
we'll see if their if their decision
pans out obviously it's a movie about
Americans going to space so nobody
watching the movie is going to be
unaware that it's an American
accomplishment
so they made a they made a business
decision
Americans think it was the wrong
decision were a pretty big market it
probably not probably it will definitely
hurt how well it's received in this
country but it might make it receive
better in other countries I don't know
it was a tough choice but it was an
adult choice and it was theirs to make
do I find it offensive as an American of
course of course if you're an American
you find it offensive that they took the
flag out but that doesn't make it the
wrong choice I think we'll have to see
how their numbers do to figure out if it
was the right choice some people say
it's just plain wrong well that's not a
reason it's plain wrong means that
bothers you and it bothers me as well so
I get that part
Dilbert is on the Amazon video do I get
a cut if you watch it nope
I do not I'd like you to watch it anyway
but long ago I got squeezed out of the
revenue stream so I don't make a penny
on any watching of Dilbert on the video
in theory I would but the way Hollywood
accounting is they throw all their costs
on it and it it just makes my cut be
zero all right I think that's all I got
for now and I'm going to talk to you all
of you later