Israeli and Palestinians can live
securely side by side in a lasting peace
with equal measures of safety
opportunity and
dignity now moving on
to the hurricane uh hurricane Helen
President Biden and vice president
Harris continue to to use every tool
available to help communities devastated
by Hurricane hel Israeli and
Palestinians can live securely Side by
side in a lasting piece with equal
measures of safety opportunity and
dignity all
right so that's a a Dilly
[Music]
meme good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains well for that all you
need is a cup or a mug or a glass a
tanker gel sste a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dope of mean of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens now
go well if you were here when I was
showing the uh the video of uh the uh
spokesperson Jean Karen Karen Jean Pier
uh in her gigantic zoot zoot you know
that the the non-modified video
looked like she was wearing a giant suit
and had a tiny head
so when uh when it turned tinier it was
pretty
hilarious all right well the important
news is of course hurricane Milton is
bearing down on
Florida um the the strength of the storm
has changed a little bit every few hours
but uh when I went to bed last night it
was a category five and one of the
strongest hurricanes that we've ever
tracked I did hear it went down a little
bit but I don't know if it could pick up
again so if anybody has an update on
that um is it still as strong as it was
is it still Category
5 but uh we're going to really see if if
Florida's uh got the goods because
they're ready for it it's a well-managed
state so we're wishing the best for all
of our Florida friends
well in other news uh the White House
Biden Administration says they're
looking into uh making some plans to
decommission or to bring back
decommissioned nuclear power
plants so this feels like a victory for
me because you know if you started
following my live streams around 2015 or
16 that I've been saying since then hey
we need to get real serious about
nuclear energy and reopen plants and do
all that stuff well it's all happening
now I think it has to do a lot with
needing lots more electricity for robots
and electric cars and uh especially
AI so that's
happening um I guess I'll Trust the
science for now speaking of trusting the
science Ohio State University found that
when a drug manufacturer is the one who
funds the clinical trials you'll be
surprised to find this but compared to
when a drug is tested by somebody who
doesn't have any Financial
incentive if it's funded if the trial is
funded by somebody who has a financial
incentive you get much better
efficacy uh psychiatric drugs are
reported to be about 50% more effective
in clinical trials as long as the trial
was funded by the company that makes the
drug
so does that worry you at all that you
get radically different results
depending on who's funding the
science trust the
science no you can't trust the science
you can't trust data about anything
that's
important well people keep asking me to
talk about this story uh poor New
Zealand they had a $100 million warship
uh that just sank thanks to the
incompetence of the captain and maybe
the crew now of course what makes this
story extra spicy is that the captain
was a recently promoted uh lesbian woman
that's the only kind of lesbian right
lesbian woman I think so it's all
confusing but uh then of course that
raises the question is it
Dei was it Dei that caused that ship to
sink now I would caution you that if
you're looking at any one specific story
you almost never know the real details
so was there anything wrong with that
particular lesbian Captain I don't know
there there's no direct evidence of that
could have been who knows fog of War we
don't know the story so I would capture
this story this way I wouldn't believe
that Dei is telling you anything about
any one given situation like any one
person in one situation that's a little
too too much to stretch the idea that
Dei is destroying the world but you can
know for sure that all of our major
institutions will become
incompetent if they focus on identity
over capability which they are so the
the most the most predictable thing in
the world is that the New Zealand
military as well as all the Western
militaries would become fairly
incompetent but you'd also expect FEMA
to be incompetent our election system to
be incompetent our government you'd
expect it all to be incompetent and our
colleges as well do we observe that do
we observe exactly what I've been
predicting for years which is that you
will see Mass incompetence in every
large
organization yes yes prediction matches
outcome we have
massive incompetence like we've never
seen before for how much of that is
caused by Dei don't know could be none
could be none but it's the prediction
the prediction is on paper it should
cause massive incompetence and we see it
so
probably probably that's what's
happening everywhere in the world the
Western
World speaking of kin Jean Pierre she
got promoted to senior adviser do you
know why she was promoted
anybody it was because of the fine fine
job she's done as
spokesperson
obviously what oh oh you're saying she's
the worst spokesperson in the history of
all spokes people in any job at any time
in in the entire history of humanity
well that's
true that's true so what would we say
about her getting promoted she didn't
get any extra work from the promotion
and she didn't get extra money so what
does that sound like to
you if you don't get any extra money and
it doesn't change your job description
that sounds like a little bit of a fake
promotion maybe to look good on a resume
or something getting ready for the next
job I don't know but I wouldn't rule out
that uh Gren John Pierre will be your
next
president you after this next one you
know
2028 because she has all the
qualifications doesn't
she oh yeah so you're probably thinking
to me you're probably thinking Scott you
just said she's the worst spokesperson
in the history of the entire world how
could she be successfully running for
president in
2028 and the answer
is did you see the 60 Minutes interview
with KL
Harris apparently there's no limit to
how bad you could be and run for
president and be a
tie we'll talk about that but oh my God
my God you have to see the clips from
that interview it's the biggest train
wreck of any interview of any of all
time really it probably broke every
record for
incompetence well meanwhile the poly
markets uh which is the betting markets
that includes election stuff um has made
a big move and now there's a big
difference between Trump supporters
which are now well above uh haris
supporters in the betting market so this
is not the polling this is the betting
Market should you trust the betting
Market to tell you what's going to
happen no no you shouldn't the the
betting Market doesn't tell you what's
going to happen it just tells you what
the people were betting to think is
going to happen or they think is a good
bet which is slightly different than
thinking they know what's going to
happen sometimes they just like the odds
so somebody uh said that poly markets is
in part funded by Peter
teal does anybody know if that's true is
Peter teal one of the funders of the
poly markets
business because if he
is um then you have to wonder about bias
so so I think you should ignore the
betting markets they're fun to talk
about but I don't think they're really
predicting anything I mean in this case
I think they're in the right direction
so I do think that it's it's in the
correct direction but we don't know if
that's an accident or telling us
something meanwhile Charlemagne the
God um he was saying about Trump and JD
Vance he said quote they'll be talking
about things that are happening right
here in America because it was election
season right here in
America and he and again charl the says
about Trump and JD it it's always
America first but then you go to Tim
wals and they're asking him about
geopolitical politics and I think a lot
of times that makes him sound you know
very anot
touch and then he went back and praised
uh Vance and Trump again for being
focused laser focused on
America I'll tell you
there's nothing like a common enemy to
bring people
together and if you hav't
noticed the black Americans have
realized hey wait a minute uh all these
white supremacists who kept wanting to
close the
border they were on our
team they were on our side all those
white supremacists alleged White
supremacists because the you know the
make America you know America great
again people America first people want
the people who are already here that
includes everybody who's already here to
do well and they don't want to ship in
extra people to take what the people
here have or could
have and if you want something that's
going to bring Black and White America
together it's the common enemy now the
enemy is not the people let me be very
clear about this I'm not demonizing the
people coming through because in most
cases they're excellent people just as
human beings are excellent human beings
that's my experience my experience with
the migrant Community has been
overwhelmingly
positive but as a system the system is
going to destroy the country for
everybody black and white and everything
in between
so the predictable outcome of the open
borders should have been and now we're
seeing it it took a while but it should
have been to bring together the people
who are already here because it's again
when I say common enemy I mean the
system of bringing in too many people
without vetting I don't mean that the
people are enemies I want to be clear
about that some of them are murderers
they're
enemies but in general the people are
not enemies they want to be they want to
be on our team the people coming into
the country are trying to join the team
so they're not enemies it's just that
that the process is an enemy in a
sense
so there's a some videos going around of
uh bunch of uh gay Americans who were
saying uh that they're going to vote for
Trump and they've got a little
catchphrase that is I am gay not stupid
I'm voting for Trump now how many people
are in that camp I don't know but
probably the same thing's going on which
people realize that for the first four
years of the Trump admin
Administration there were absolutely no
risks to anybody in the lgbtq
community so at least the gay people are
saying uh why do that why why not have
America first so again I think this is a
case where Americans are coming together
because of the external threat so
weirdly the immigration policies of the
Democrats are a unifying force for
America not in the way they wanted but
it's working that
way allegedly K Harris is going to roll
out a new major policy when she appears
on The View today I think and the policy
will be that Medicare would cover
long-term care at home which raises the
question who's going to pay for that now
I do think this is probably a
requirement you know on uh I hate to say
it but there's going to be so many old
people who need Care at
home probably this is unavoidable no
matter who's president at some
point uh but we don't know how to pay
for it in other news did you know that
the
NIH uh has declared that fluoride in the
water can reduce the IQ of children and
it might be hazardous to human health so
we've been intentionally putting
fluoride in the water forever
and now the government so it's not some
weird entity that's making a claim it's
a National Institute of Health our
government it says it lowers the IQ of
children now I don't like to brag but
when I grew
up uh I did not drink floridated
floridated water because I grew up in
the country so we had our own well that
was full of frogs and stuff
it was a well where there was like a
little crappy little H Pond of Water
full of frogs and uh we would pump that
water up and drink it turns out it was
full of
lad so you
know apparently I had a lot of lead but
no fluoride so if I seem extra smart
it's because I didn't drink fluoride
when I was a kid that's
why
um so Joe Rogan pointing out as many of
us have that the Epstein list has never
been published and we don't really know
who has it or even who knows what's on
it it just sort of disappeared into a
black hole that's that's never going to
change
right as long as the people who are on
that list are alive or even their kids
we're never going to find out that that
epine thing is exactly what you thought
it was a blackmail operation
that involved a lot of powerful people
and now those powerful people are going
to make sure we never see
it which is amazing it's just amazing
that that's a thing that we all know
exactly what's going
on hold
on I don't know why that just magically
started playing on its own but it did
all right so so that's happening and
we're wondering what's up with that but
at the same time Elon Musk had a
conversation with uh Tucker Carlson and
he he made quite a bit of news so one of
the things he said he's he's hinted at
this before musk has but he's saying it
pretty
directly
um he he says part of why K is getting
so much support is that if Trump wins
the Epstein Client List will become
public and some of the billionaires
behind Comm are terrified of that
outcome so he says some of the
billionaires behind kamla and Tucker
says quote do you think Reed Hoffman is
uncomfortable and Elon says yes and Bill
Gates holy
 let let me make a suggestion to you
if you ever if you ever decide to make
that kind of accusation in public wait
until you have a couple hundred billion
dollars in the bank because
because if they're innocent I'd expect
some lawsuits but I guess he can afford
it
so um
and however you could also imagine that
there would not be lawsuits because
there would be Discovery and none of
them want that so they'd have to be
really really careful that that they're
innocent of everything and then they can
sue them but uh no no lawsuits have been
announced
yet so so
it if they don't sue him for or at least
try to sue him for um whatever that
would be defamation or
something uh it would certainly suggest
that they wouldn't want to go through
Discovery and it's not like they're
going to make any money that they need
because they're already
rich so anyway I guess we shouldn't put
too much into whether or not they pursue
it
legally well
um I was seeing one of the Harris
supporters talking about Harris has this
what she calls the opportunity
economy what do you hear when you hear
that I'd like to have an opportunity
economy what's that mean compared to
what it's always been did we have an
economy where nobody had an opportunity
because I don't remember
that is there some demographic group who
is not clearly favored and has been for
years for every type of solid
employment what what exactly is the new
part of an opportunity economy doesn't
that just mean free
market it's basically just the free
market and she keeps getting away with
that and the News keeps letting her say
it like it added something what did it
add it doesn't say anything it's
basically just pathetic and vague and
the only part I hear is that she's going
to discriminate against white men really
really hard because where does the
opportunity come from it comes from
suppressing the opportunity of other
people specifically that's what Dei is
I'm not using
hyperbole it's basically saying I'm
going to discriminate racially against
white people that's that's my
economy cuz what else does it mean if
everybody already has opportunity but
but the problem is that there's not
enough equity that would suggest that
white men have too much opportunity so
you'd have to reduce some of that to
make some available for some other
people so basically she's saying that
her economic plan is to discriminate
racially that's what I hear and I and I
don't think I'm exaggerating I think
that's exactly what she's saying she's
just using big words to make it look
like she knows what an economy is
so here's a weird thing uh Donald Trump
is going to hold a uh a rally in
California at
Coachella why would why would Trump hold
any rallies at all in
California he doesn't expect to win
California does he
or or does he think that enough people
will see it from other places that'll
make a difference why would you go to
California at
all if and somebody was saying that
Harris was spending too much time in
California and New York which again
would be a waste of time because she's
going to win those States so some people
are saying that she's already decided
she's going to lose so there's no point
in going to you know any of the Swing
States because she's going to lose but
she can go to the states where you can
raise a lot of money and maybe that'll
help the the the other races so some
people are speculating that if you look
at the ACT AC ity of the people involved
it would look like Trump thinks he's
already going to win so he doesn't have
to be in the swing state and Harris
thinks she's already going to lose so
she doesn't need to be in the swing
state now I don't know that that's the
calculation but it is an open question
why would either of them be in the state
this close to the election day why would
any of them spend any time in the state
that's really not up for play do they
know something we don't know interesting
well here's my favorite story um you
know North Carolina just devastated by
Hurricane Helen and they're trying to
dig out and one of the questions um
beyond the question of life and death
and making sure everybody gets fed is
there's a political element to it and
the political element is will people be
able to make it to vote and it doesn't
seem like they're getting as much help
as they want from from FEMA from the
government and so what's happening well
it turns out we're seeing videos now of
men just taking matters into their own
hands so there's video now of men with u
Earth moving equip building a
bridge and of logs that you know they
chop down their own trees or not chopped
but you know so they're actually using a
uh trees and logs and woods and and
removing dirt and they're building
they're just building their own
Crossings there's another uh bridge that
the the residents built a temporary
Bridge using uh the flatbed from flatbed
trucks and here's a question somebody
asked on X they said doesn't our
military already know how to make
temporary
Bridges uh do we have some shortage of
military uh temporary Bridge
bries is there some reason that our
military isn't there right now putting
up temporary Bridges CU they already
know how to do
it they might be or maybe heading there
I'd love to think that that's under
control but so far it looks like the men
of North Carolina and I'm sure the women
are supporting them but the videos are
100% men uh they they're doing uh
they're doing Caravans on uh mules
they're actually mule Caravans to bring
people food they they've got something
called the the redneck um Air Force so a
bunch of Special Forces retired Special
Forces people put together their own air
airport basically that so they have
volunteers with helicopters coming in
and they're they've coordinated the
whole thing apparently they're very well
organized because they're ex-military
people and uh they they don't even see
FEMA they did their own fundraising and
GoFundMe organized their own
Transportation helicopters and and
Manpower and they're just freaking doing
it so I did a a post on X asking people
to include in the comments any video or
reports of people just solving their own
problems and there's a lot of them turns
out there's there there are all kinds of
impressive things there are ATV Caravans
there are helicopters there um Bridges
being built so and all of the videos I
saw didn't look like there was any FEMA
anything now I think FEMA is doing a lot
I'm just saying that the videos look
like people taking it into their own
hands you give me three more weeks of
what I'm seeing so far in North
Carolina and they're going to vote turns
out that the North Carolinians besides
wanting to eat and have medicine and all
that I think they're going to vote and I
think they're going to vote hard and I
think they're going to make maybe break
something they're going to they're going
to vote so hard so watching the North
Carolinians dig themselves out is is
deeply inspiring and I'd love to see a
uh a
trump uh ad campaign that maybe strings
together the the people taking it on in
their own hands because there's
something just so beautifully American
about it you know in in the face of
tragedy we're not I don't want to
minimize the the death and the economic
destruction I mean it's
terrible
um but it would be very inspiring to see
the
response in a video
ad all right um and apparently the North
Carolina Board of Elections already has
made changes to where people vote so
they uh they voted to modify the voting
locations for the 13 counties
which
means there will be there will be
someplace to go you know you were
worried that the polling locations
wouldn't exist they fixed it so within a
week North Carolina has fixed their
their election
laws and you've got people all over
fixing Bridges and saving people it's
very inspiring it's
really just in terms of how it makes you
feel um and again is creepy to feel
anything good in the context of so much
disaster and loss of
life but it's still
counts that we can
recover it still
counts all right here are some other
things Elon said on his conversation
with tker
Carlson he said that the reason that no
vot no voter ID is required in our
elections depending on the state and the
situ sitation the reason no void idea is
required is that it's obviously for
massive
fraud now that that's as uh that's as
clear as you can be that what else would
it be there's no other explanation that
passes the sniff test it's obviously for
the purpose of massive fraud and we all
sitting here we're watching it in slow
motion like we don't know why they're
doing it the the lack of ID so elon's
just saying it obviously yeah it's
obviously for massive
fraud um I thought I saw a reference to
some suggestion from Kid Rock I haven't
seen it the original
Source but was he
suggesting that the Republicans don't
accept the electors from states that
don't have an ID requirement for voting
because that's kind of
clever it's big trouble
but you would have an argument for not
accepting their electors say oh are you
from a state with no ID requirement oh
well we automatically assume that that's
rigged but but but there's no evidence
it was rigged I know but the no ID
requirement is all we need because
there's no other reason to have no ID
there is no other reason they might
offer one but it's not
real and then of course we know the
overseas voting doesn't require ID and
that's that's a mess so we're we're kind
of
sleepwalking um and by the way in Fulton
County one of the key counties for the
entire election uh in a prior vote 93%
of those overseas votes that we assume
are largely fake went to
Democrats
93% okay there's no way that happens
naturally so I would say that the
overseas voting as a source of fraud I'd
say that's
confirmed to me it m the evidence that
we have publicly and I haven't seen any
of it debunk is confirmation that this
is a
fraudulent it's a it's designed for
fraud it's for
fraud and apparently it
works so we're all sort of sleepwalking
into an
election that by its design can't
produce a credible outcome it doesn't
matter who wins neither side will say
it's credible it just won't be a
credible outcome how are we allowing
that to
happen why why are we just walking like
zombies into this big open pit and we
all see the open pit we're even talking
about it and we're still just walking
like zombies toward the pit and we're
all going to fall in and
die we don't have an election that could
possibly give us even under any
circumstance it can't possibly give us a
credible result it can give us a result
eventually but there's no way in the
world we're going to believe it was true
or at least whoever loses won't believe
it so the things we know so far is that
the overseas voting is big enough to
completely change the outcomes of the
election and that it's totally corrupt
and fake we know that the no the no
requirement for voter ID is only for one
reason is for massive fraud we know that
the best argument anybody's come up with
to have voting
machines is that it helps people with
handicaps so if you have some kind of
disability apparently the machine will
help you that's not a reason for
machines that might be a reason for one
machine but how many handicapped people
are voting in your in your Precinct you
know like they could just use the one
machine like they would use any other
special accommodation so no the fact
that we have machines
as far as I can tell the only purpose is
for
cheating now I'm open to the argument
that somebody has a better reason for
the machines but doesn't seem to be
saving money creating better credibility
doesn't make them more
auditable I can't think of any reason
it's not
faster um so again we know the election
systems are by by Design can't be fully
audited for example you would never know
somebody threw away some ballots in the
post office before they ever reached you
you can't AIT that so we have an non
auditable system if some State actor got
into the electronics we would never
know how do we
know and uh we know there are um
credible reports of bundles of blank
ballots being
uh blank ballots arriving addresses they
used to be abandoned but now there's
somebody living there so they can tell
that these obviously were being mailed
to abandon addresses so somebody could
pick them up and fill them out so the
method of
cheating is all completely transparent
at this point now only for people who
are really paying attention so I I would
be in the
top 1% of people paying attention to the
topic of in of election Integrity so I
know that it has all these holes and
that they're public they're obvious
they're glaring and there's no other
explanation but we're just going to have
the election
anyway when we know it couldn't possibly
give us a credible
result there's not even that option it's
not like well maybe we'll get lucky no
no that's not one of the options it's
designed so that we can't have a
credible outcome it doesn't have that
option and I don't know how many times I
can say
that that this is different from any
time in the past in the past we didn't
know about all the holes in the election
system we just didn't
know now we
know so the answer to knowing that we
have all these holes in the election
system the the answer is not to go ahead
and have the
election we should actually just cancel
the whole election until we can make a
system that we feel good about
I'm not even sure there's a point of
having an election
really but we will it's going to
happen all right so that's your
uh that's your Republic if you can keep
it so you're basically your
uh so so here's the
setup the things that will influence the
election are of course the media and how
they cover stories now when I say that I
mean propaganda and brainwashing so a
big part of our process is the
propaganda and
brainwashing this particular season it's
also going to be about
hurricanes it will definitely have an
effect on the election one way or the
other the other thing is that it's
obvious that the Democrats are preparing
for massive fraud it's just glaringly
obvious but it's also true and I think
many of you would agree that the
pollster ERS are under sampling Trump
voters because Trump voters know how to
hide and they're preparing a prank and
the prank is
surprise there're a lot more of us than
you
thought so the Trump strategy seems to
be to win by more than the margin of
cheating so that any cheating would be
glaringly obvious because they would
have to cheese so much and in the last
minute that they wouldn't be able to
catch up with them getting caught
so here's here's our
system what you thought was our system
is some kind of a Democratic Republic
where every citizen has the right to
vote and we become educated and informed
and then we express our preferences and
then the system takes our preferences
and turns them into
reality so that's what it's supposed to
be but what we actually have is a system
that will be entirely decided by four
factors
brainwashing
hurricanes election
rigging and lying to
pollsters
pranks so
basically that's your
Republic if you can keep
it that's your actual system
brainwashing wind cheating and prank
those are the four factors which will
determine who your next leader
is brainwashing wind cheating and a
prank I wish that weren't true but it's
literally what we're watching and what
almost certainly will be the case that
that's how it'll be determined if the
pranksters are greater than the cheaters
the pranksters win if the brainwashers
do an a good job than their side wins
but that's all it is that's what it
is well the uh RNC Republicans are suing
Fulton County for refusing to hire
enough Republican pole workers so
apparently the local standard that
they're supposed to adhere to is to try
to have a somewhat
balanced Left Right Democrat Republican
pole workers how close did they get to
having a balanced number of pole workers
well uh they did get 15 Republicans who
were hired so that's pretty good right I
mean it's not like they were ignoring
the Republicans they hired 15 of
them out of
800 and of
800 and of course this story comes with
a picture of a Dei hire who's in charge
of the whole
thing and again
I'm not saying that that one employee is
incompetent because they're a Dei hire I
don't know anything about the one
employee
but I don't know how to uh interpret
hiring only 15 Republicans out of
800 it's hard to explain that other than
incompetence or cheating
so
anyway um the Gateway pundit reporting
actually the that other story was the
Gateway pundit as well but they're also
reporting that the voting machines in
Dallas failed a critical
test so in Dallas they tested the voting
machines and they had some critical
error so what do you think they're going
to do so of course they removed all of
the voting machines no now they're just
going to have the election
anyway well have you ever worked with
tech technology enough to know that even
if your machine worked perfectly in the
last election it won't work in the next
one because there's always going to be
some something changed there something
rotted some software needed to be
updated something so does it scare you
that just weeks before the election
there's some major failure in machines
do you think that all of the different
precincts all over the country where
they should be testing the machines and
really giving them a rigorous you know
go through before the real election do
you think all that's happening do you
think uh do you think the crack
technicians that couldn't get a job at
Google but they could definitely get a
job taking care of election machines do
you think that they're all organizing
some really good tests that cover all
the the possibilities and make sure that
everything's working like a a well-oiled
machine by election day or do you think
it's a whole bunch of incompetent people
who couldn't get a better job in
technology so yeah I would expect some
voting machine problems and not
necessarily because there's anything
wrong with the machines but they all
have a human element and the human
element appears to be
terrible so could be
problems um there's some uh Democrat
operative called Aisha Mills I guess
twice CNN Hader on yesterday and her her
thing is that uh Trump is basically
Hitler he's a eugenicist and the things
he says suggest that he wants to
exterminate certain groups of people
exterminate like literally like Hitler
identify and exterminate people with bad
genes that's what she says now
apparently Trump said something about
the criminals coming in having polluting
the blood of our country or something
and then of course Democrats always take
what whatever he says about criminals
and they act like what he meant was
everybody in that demographic
group as if as if he'd say that anyway
so CNN I can't believe they would have
some a blatant racist on and just give
her complete time to to run her run her
mouth amazing so CNN I take back all of
my compliments for your recent what
seemed like more balanced coverage uh
this is
disgusting it's disgusting that you'd
have her as a guest you should really be
ashamed of yourselves I mean she was on
twice in one day after the first one
they put her back
on seriously I think it was the same day
or you know it was
close why would you have her on twice
having on once I can see why maybe if he
didn't know exactly what she was going
to say catch you off guard but you'd
have her run twice
somebody should be fired for that like
who whoever had around the second time
that person needs to be sent it to the
door because that's a that's not just a
failure to the
audience that's a failure that's
literally dangerous could get somebody
killed it's so
irresponsible that I can't imagine that
whoever booked her still has a job today
that would be irresponsible too to keep
her in the keep her in that job or him
in that
job well uh Elon Musk also talking to
Tucker about UFOs he does not believe
that we've seen any space alien UFOs you
think most likely it's some kind of
classified weapons programs so when
somebody spots something there's no way
to find out what it was if it was a
classified weapons program I don't think
that explains all of it but it could
explain some of it however I will say
that
if
uh if
um I'm just watching somebody in the
comments uh trying to assign an sign an
opinion to me and then tell all the
other people that they've done it no you
can't assign an opinion about my inner
thoughts all
right you can't
so cut that out yeah just don't do
that
um anyway I think that musk would know
if there's even a possibility that some
of the things we've seen are space
aliens it doesn't seem to me that he
would be
uninformed about whether or not there
are aliens flying around so I'm
completely on board with him that we
have not seen evidence that's compelling
um now elon's going to get in trouble
because he joked in that same interview
with uh Tucker that uh nobody's trying
to kill Harris or Biden because because
they're just puppets and their
personalities and their individual
skills are completely irrelevant to
anything and you would just you they
would just pop in a new puppet so it
wouldn't make any difference if you
assassinated a Democrat because they're
basically a
machine and the leader is the least
important part of the machine whereas if
you've got a a populist the candidate is
the most important part so there's a big
difference there but he's going to get
in trouble because it's going to sound
like he's you know suggesting it or
they'll they'll twist it until it sounds
like something it wasn't that's going to
happen um and uh Tucker thinks that
maybe there's a a hundred handlers
or people who are the real power behind
the throne and Tucker says about you
know 80 of them and he seemed to agree
that that was probably true so that's
also my estimate my estimate is there
are about a hundred people who seem to
be important now I'm having some fun
because as we're learning which people
are behind which hoaxes and schemes and
and Ops you start to see their
Network for example you know that
Brennan and
Obama um John Brenan and Obama seem to
be part of the same Op with Hillary
Clinton too so you could say okay if I
see any one of them like Brandon you
would say to yourself well there's
probably that's probably got some
Hillary or Obama behind it likewise
anything with you know Biden or but
there you know there there are a few
others that I'm adding to my list that
not going to mention yet where you can
see their Network you can see that
there's a dozen or so people that
whenever they pop
up the other rest of the Dozen are also
involved in the plot in other words
they're they operate like almost a RICO
you know organized criminal Enterprise
sort of a mafia within the government so
anytime you see one member of the
mafia you know it's a mafia thing it's
never just the individual because
they're part of an Enterprise
so
um look for that it's one of the most
useful things that I've learned is if
you find out who's part of what network
for
example uh Peter teal has a number of
connections if you see you know JD Vance
has a Peter teal connection so if you
say okay if I if I can identify one of
the people from that little Universe
does that mean that that whole little
gang of connections are all on the same
page it could it could mean that for
sure so look for um organized
squads like groups of people who operate
in
unism um for example you always see
swalwell and Schiff will be the ones
taking the lead to tell the big lies you
know the ones that are just absurdly
crazy lies about Trump and they seem to
be part of the same network
not just Democrat but a but a subgroup
of some kind so look for that look for
the networks of of
people
um so uh Jen
weager doesn't like Trump because he's
uh he's always lying he's a big old liar
so he doesn't want to vote for Trump
because of the lying that he can't get
past it it's the lying and he says his
path
logical and gives some
examples uh two lies that he says Trump
has been spreading about the hurricane
he says that people are only getting 750
for their whole houses that were wiped
out that uh most of you probably know
that's not true right the 750 was just
in case you need some groceries today
but the you know the the larger question
is still open you know so some of them
will guess some kind of compensation
although most of them didn't have
insurance it turns
out
um so is that a
uh is that a lie so people are getting
$750 but we have not heard what will
happen for anybody's
houses so so far that's not exactly a
lie is it because if we haven't heard
what female will do for their larger
losses and the only thing we know about
is is
750 if you put that in the context of
money that's going to Ukraine or or
Israel it kind of
looks not very comfortable if you're an
American citizen so um you could fact
check him on that one but uh I think
it's true that FEMA has not announced
that they're doing more than the 750 we
just sort of assume it's coming but I
don't believe we have any any details
about
um and then there's a question of
whether femal is taking money for
hurricane victims and giving it to
immigrants
instead let me give you the only answer
that
matters no
technically yes in
reality so Democrats will say
technically it's a different box you
know this budget is separate from this
budget technically I agree but in the
real world
if you have limited money you don't have
unlimited money then you can always move
money from one priority to another and
if some money went to another country
that is unambiguously money we could
have used here and didn't unambiguously
there's no other way to look at it so
yes in a technical sense maybe no money
is taken from I don't know the wrong
budget or something but in a real sense
all money can be moved by the government
and if they don't move it that's tough
tell you
something so I think that uh so anyway
whether whether or not you want to fact
check Trump on those two claims I would
say
this how in the world do you not notice
that Harris and walls lie about 100% of
everything they don't leave anything
that's not a lie at least every topic
you know they might be facts within the
topic that are true but on every topic
it's 100% lying
they're either lying about what Trump's
view is or they're lying about their own
view or they're lying about the data or
they're lying about their track
record
but I
feel I feel like when I'm in the
presence of someone who thinks that only
one side of a presidential election is
lying I don't think you should talk in
public
anymore that that feels like the minimum
bar you need to cross before you should
ever open your mouth in public this
should be like a little test all right
so uh Jen um we hear that you're
considering doing a podcast and you'll
be talking in public that's right that's
right all right we got got to give you a
little test to see if you're qualified
to talk in
public um do you think that candidate
one running for president lies yes oh
total liar pathological I can't stand it
lie lie lie very good very good you are
correct you are correct second question
do you think that the candidate that the
big liar is running against is largely
mostly telling the
truth yeah totally are you kidding me
once telling the truth I mean may maybe
slipped up or got a word wrong or
something but basically one's telling
the truth and one's telling lies nothing
but
lies okay very good uh this completes
your test uh Jen you will not be allowed
you will not be allowed to speak in
public cuz you're too stupid if
you think only one of them is
lying and it's independent of who's
running
really now by the way I do think that
RFK Jr doesn't lie like I haven't seen
one he might be wrong like everybody
could be wrong but I haven't seen
anything that looks like something he
knew is true that he said the other way
I haven't seen it so that's pretty
remarkable when you think about it but
for the ones who are sort of traditional
politicians I'll put Trump in that box
for now no everything they say is some
you know stretched exaggerated
hyperbolic version of the
truth and the only thing I ever say
about Trump is I never say oh yes he
really did pass all the fact checking of
course he doesn't nobody does but he
does he does seem to keep his
 directionally
accurate uh I've said it a million times
and it's remains true it is
directionally accurate that the people
in North Carolina are not getting as
much money as we'd like them to get true
yes yes that is that is directionally
true if he throws in something about the
$750 blah blah
blah those might not pass the fact check
but his General messaging is we got to
do more for these people true true how
about the uh you know the money being
given to Ukraine instead of the others
well directionally no matter what
technical bag you thought the money was
in directionally giving too much money
to other countries and not having enough
for our own country seems like a bad
idea
directionally so look for who's
directionally true that's all the best
you can do
all right K Harris on 60 Minutes so Bill
Whitaker interviewed her let me say that
Bill Whitaker did an excellent job and
if you're thinking hey that Bill
Whitaker looks like a Dei hire for 60
Minutes definitely not definitely not he
did one of the best uh professional
interview
jobs I've seen this election maybe
because he asked very politely
uh the right questions and when she
avoided the questions he very politely
noted that it had been avoided and you
know gave her another shot at it so he
just tore her apart now I don't think it
was his goal to tear her apart it looked
like his goal can't read his mind but it
looked like his goal was to do the very
best job he
could at that and then I watched it and
I said wow you're doing a very good job
there so don't give him any trouble for
any Dei stuff if you can
perform you can perform he
performed so great job um and lots of
credit I give you lots of
credit but here are some of the things
that K Harris said and let me summarize
it's Harris's appearance on 60 Minutes
is the worst political interview I've
ever seen
it not really close I don't think
anybody's ever done this poorly she
looked pathetic she didn't look like she
was
unprepared no she looked pathetic she
didn't look
like really anything but pathetic it was
just you just shake your hand and go oh
my God what am I watching oh so she
actually said that she was asked if she
owns a gun and she says she has a Glock
she has a
Glock which is interesting uh so Glock
is if you don't if you're not a gun
person uh Glock is the name of a kind of
a
gun um coincidentally it's also the
noise she made when she was dating uh
Willie
Brown GLOCK GLOCK GLOCK GLOCK GLOCK all
right you can think about that at home
we're going to move
on
um and uh here's a side note according
to cus
moros I saw an X he he says that all
Glocks are determined unsafe in
California so California has some kind
of
anti-lock um law and there's something
about the specifics of the Glock that
California decides is unsafe did she
just admit having an illegal gun now it
wouldn't be illegal if it's a older one
if it's grandfathered in it wouldn't be
illegal but if you're the gun safety
person and you just admitted you have a
gun that's so unsafe that it's not even
legal to buy a new one you could only
have a grandfather in one that's not a
very clean
answer and I'm not even sure anybody
believed that she had a Glock or that
she's ever fired
it I'm not sure I'm convinced that that
Glock actually exists
anyway so here are some of the other
problems uh so um when Bill Whitaker
asked her how she was going to pay for
all her
policies uh she said she's going to make
the rich pay their fair share which
doesn't mean a thing and she just looked
stupid and she blinked too much and it
looked like she didn't expect anybody to
push her on any answers uh so it was
just pathetic she lied and said that she
cut fenel by
50% first of all how would you know how
much you didn't
catch that's so
dumb how in the world do you know how
much fenel you didn't catch so that you
could know that the part you caught was
50% it's
stupid it's stupid no she didn't cut
fenel by 50% now maybe it got cut I
don't know but there's no way to know
it's 50% or 1% there's no way to know so
the fact that she just throws that in
there it's just like an outrageous
lie but but if it were directionally
true I would still forgive
it same standard for Trump if it were
true that they did something that really
did make a difference and the and the
fenel was down I wouldn't fact Checker
because it went down 10% instead of 50%
I'll take the 10% and I'll I'll even
give you directionally accurate but I
don't think it went down 10% I don't
think they have any idea what happened
because you don't know how much you
didn't
catch anyway uh the funniest part is
that she apparently doesn't know the
most basic fact about her
most
prominent policy idea so her policy idea
is that if you're a new business you
would get to write off $50,000 of
expenses uh even if you didn't have real
expenses up to
$50,000 she's selling it like uh you
can't start a business without
$50,000 as if she believes that her
program is to give you
$50,000 which it very clearly is not
there is no small business that gets the
5,000 she says isn't enough and there's
also no business that gets the 50,000
she says is enough it's not about giving
anybody anything it's literally about if
You' spent your own
50,000 and or let's say more than that
because you had a loss of 50 then you
could write off
50 she doesn't even know what her own
program is now I need to fact check on
this because it's blowing my mind that
the number one thing she's been
promoting she couldn't tell if it was
cash or a write off they're not the
same now you also hear them saying that
uh Trump doesn't know the understand
tariffs because he says we're making
bringing in money from it and he doesn't
understand it's just a taxs on people
but of course the Tariff thing is there
are two kinds of tariff they're stupid
kind and then there's a kind that's so
smart it's almost
essential so Trump is in favor of the
essential kind where you're protecting
an entire industry from you know some
other country trying to undercut you and
put you out of business that's the smart
kind and that's why Biden kept those
kinds in place which were the only kinds
and it's why neither Biden or Harris or
Trump is even talking about putting a a
tariff on just ordinary Goods that we're
not competing with them with nobody's
talking about that so they're they're
saying that Trump doesn't understand
tariffs because they don't understand
tariffs that's what's happening the
people who are criticizing Trump for not
understanding tariffs do not understand
that there are two two uses there's the
stupid kind that he doesn't promote and
never never use and then there's a smart
kind that literally everybody agrees
with like pretty much every Economist
left and right would say if if China is
trying to destroy your let's say
automobile industry that you tff that
 make sure that you can protect your
industry until it gets stronger for
example
so yeah so it's just mind-boggling
that that Trump is the one getting
trouble for not understanding
tariffs
um a lot of uh Harris's answers were the
rapid blinking word salad if you haven't
seen rapid blinking word
salad it uh it goes like this um Miss
haris you've changed your policies so
many times that uh voters that they
don't know what you stand for or what
you believe you start with the
blinking so it looks like you're
glitching out and then you give a nice
vague word solid answer like I've been
traveling this country and
listening H what does that remind you of
oh I know I grew up in a middle class
family it's the same play except I've
been uh traveling this country and
listening that's good because there are
a lot of people who travel and they
block their ears but no she's listening
she says she's been building
consensus can you put a number on that
uh how much consensus did you build are
you up 3% or 50% is Sentinel down 50%
but your consensus is up 50% because
you're just making up keep
going traveling the country and
listening building consensus we are a
diverse
people
okay relevance not sure we want leaders
who can build consensus and compromise
as long as not compromising on
values okay didn't need to be said none
of that needed to be said not relevant
we all understand that um and that has
been my
Approach wait what
what was that even closely related in
any way to the question no and then uh
and then Bill Whitaker uh mocked her for
her answers and so it's mostly word
salad and Rapid blinking and uh complete
stupidity doesn't understand their own
policies honestly it's the worst
interview I've ever seen I doubt you'll
ever see worse cuz you know when are you
going to get somebody who's this much of
a blithering idiot who gets this far in
a political race that's pretty unusual
we got here in a weird way because you
know Biden who started out capable at
one point just disappeared they had to
they had to quickly figure out what they
were doing and she would just happen to
be there
so anyway Harris also went on the
podcast called Call Me
Daddy um and I guess it's a big deal
with the young people
and so part of that conversation was two
idiots uh and one of the things that the
two idiots said was uh can you think of
any law that gives the government power
to make a decision about a man's body oh
wow Zing good one good one because you
know men are involved they shouldn't be
in my opinion but men are involved
making laws about women's bodies when it
comes to you know IVF and um abortion
so that's a good question are there is
there any
examples where where the uh the law or
the government has power over the
decisions about a man's body huh no I
can't think of a thing can
you well look Palmer lucky can he posted
every American man is required by law to
register for the draft failure to do so
is a crime punishable by a quarter
million dollars in five years in prison
and lifetime ineligibility for
government benefits counseling any man
to not register has the same
punishment
so so men's bodies can at the threat of
jail and other penalties be forced into
a foreign war and blown up on a
battlefield can can be blown to
bits um
also the justice system probably
wouldn't even have
jails if the only people who made crimes
were women but we have an entire prison
system that's mostly mostly designed to
control the bodies of men right it's to
control their bodies and then of course
every law that says what you can and
cannot do is also controlling their
bodies because if you said you can Dr
you can drive an electric car with your
body but you cannot drive a gas powered
car someday with your
body how about uh all those roads and
bridges that are being repaired in uh
North
Carolina did you notice that they were
all
men did you notice that at least the
ones who were doing the you know the big
lifting did those men have to do that
did the government require that they use
their bodies in extensive labor and risk
and danger to fix their
situation no because the government
didn't need to
ask sometimes men just do things and
take a risk with their bodies because
they're
men so no
ladies um this whole thing about
controlling bodies is kind of a
universal and you wouldn't want switch
places let me put it this way if if we
had a war with a draft which could
happen anytime and you gave me a choice
would you rather be a drafted man or a
woman who can't have an
abortion which would I pick huh go to
war get PTSD for sure uh probably be
blown to smithin good chance uh or at
least you know be mentally in anguish
every day thinking about it or or I
could stay home and go on birth
control oh oh no stop controlling my
body it's not even close the fact that
women think that they're the
disadvantaged ones in the question of
controlling bodies and what about the
military when you have to get the
mandatory vaccinations to be in the
military now there obviously both men
and women in the mil military but
there's an
imbalance yeah
so Harris is genuinely one of the
stupidest people ever in politics we've
had some dumb ones I don't think Dan
Quail was a genius but I think she tops
him all right Constantine kissen you
know him from the trigonometry podcasts
and he he's become one of the uh most
interesting I guess I would call him a
public
intellectual I'm not sure if he'd like
that phrase but he's one of the people
who not only talks about what's
happening in the world but does he tries
to do what I do um well he does what I
do he uh tries to help you think about
it so it's not just telling you what
happened it's not just taking a biased
stand is really trying to dig in and as
he says first principles so he applied
his first principles and you know
demonstrated his his thinking process
with a little video about his current
view on Israel because he didn't have a
fully formed view about Israel and its
current situation but now he
does now it's very much worth listening
to because if you want to just hear a
smart person working through a
complicated situation and then being
also so smart that he can summarize it
in a way that makes it both useful and
entertaining
I I recommend it bill akman was
recommending it this morning so give it
a look however uh I being me and also
like to be in the job of teaching you
how to approach situations not just
trying to tell you what you should think
about him but how to think um I've got a
few comments about his thinking on it
first of all uh he appealed to First
principles meaning you you go back to
what do you really know and then reason
from there um that's the quick
explanation but here's my problem with
first principles I think it's
subjective So when you say you're
reasoning from first principles I think
everybody says that except that if
you're looking at different variables
and awaiting them differently and making
different assumptions about them it's
not like the first
principles fixes your thinking because
it's really just another source of
subjectivity in my opinion but if you're
doing the first principles thing and
you're showing your work as he does well
then it's a much better situation so at
least you seen the work and then you can
disagree well I would have added
something so so it's very much a a
service to the
public but uh he also uses some
comparisons uh you could call them
analogies so an analog ology would be
like well if this happened in this
situation to Israel let's say October
7th happened to them what did some other
country do if something happened to them
what would the United States do in 911
if something happened to us to which I
say that's not first
principles that that would be the
opposite um I don't care what other
countries do why would that be
relevant it doesn't seem relevant to me
what other countries done and the reason
that I wouldn't make this comparison is
there are no two situations
alike do you know what's like the um
Palestinian Israeli situation do you
know what's like that nothing nothing
there's nothing like it so as soon as
you say well let's look at this other
historical situation to see what we can
learn the answer should have been
nothing don't look at other situations
if you can't just look at this situation
and figure out what you think about it
then you don't have the tools to analyze
it but I definitely don't care what
another country did in a situation
that's not like this there's just
nothing like it I can't think of another
example where not just the leaders of a
group want death to somebody else but it
seems to be now brainwashed all the way
down to the you know the children they
just want to kill the other side what
even I don't even think Germany had that
situation like nothing is the same so I
reject analogies as as a form of reason
I do accept analogies as a form of
explaining a
point if you just explaining your point
they're good if you're saying that the
analogy is my
point that's not thinking that's just
something that reminded you of something
it's not it shouldn't be part of the
process the other thing
this one bothered me a little bit
more is that and you've heard a number
of people make this comparison that on a
per capita basis if you look at the 1200
or so people who died on October 7th you
would say oh my goodness if you look at
the smallish population of Israel and
you look at what what 1200 people is to
that population it's a way bigger deal
per capita than even 911 was and look
what we did when 911 happened
is that a good
argument is it a good
argument that Israel got it worse than
911 so if we were going to have a a
massive response on
911 why would we' be surprised that if
Israel had a far bigger per capita hit
that they would also you know be quite
militarily uh let's say poised to handle
it with weapons
here's my problem with this did anybody
see the problem with that the per capita
approach here's the problem with
it it says that Israelis are worth more
than
Americans
what you should be looking at the raw
number it doesn't matter how many there
were that didn't die is completely
irrational to look at per capita here's
why one Israeli dies
one American dies the Israeli dies in
October 7th the American dies in 911
which one's a bigger
tragedy oh oh we don't care so much
about the one American because there are
so many of us you you very
much that one American is worth every
 every other person right they're
not worth more than anybody else but
they're definitely not worth
less so
Constantine I'd like you to review that
assumption it's the number of people who
got killed it's not the
percentage one person dies that is a
full tragedy if 1,200 people died in you
know in 911 we would say 1,200 people
died I'm not going to per capita that
you kill you killed 1,200 of my fellow
citizens I want you all dead you know
the bad guys not the not the
Innocents so no no no no no per capita
that is pure well let me just say it I'm
just going to say it out
loud that's pure Israeli
brainwashing all right now I always
appreciate our our fine allies in in
Israel that they do a tremendous job on
the public relations influence
persuasion they're so good at it but
sometimes they're too good at it the per
capita thing is just straight out of
Israel's
propaganda we should not give a
 about the
percentage I I get that it feels worse
but the percentage doesn't matter it
just doesn't matter they're people 1,00
people is all you need to say they
killed 1200 of your people I don't care
what your population is you kill 12200
Chinese citizens what do you think
China's going to do are they going to
say wow we were going to be worried
about the 1,00 people you killed but now
we're not worried because we realize
that we're such a big country no
you they're all the same every one
Chinese person who dies is equal to
every Israeli who dies who's equal to
every American who dies per capita is a
sucker game you've been brainwashed with
propaganda if you even go down that
road that's how you know you've been
brainwashed it's just so obviously
 people are people they all have
the same
value but just think about the fact that
we're brainwashed to think that one
Israeli citizen is worth more than one
American that is so offensive to me
deeply
offensive
anyway um and then then Constantine was
talking about the IDF and the Israelis
have done allegedly a great job in
killing the fewest number of civilians
so they um if you believe the fog of War
reporting that uh the number of
civilians is of course always tragic but
far less than Wars that we've compared
it to before now again you've got the
comparison problem I'm not a big fan of
comparing it to other
situations but here's the other
problem why do you believe these numbers
why do you believe that the IDF is doing
a great job of sparing sparing civilians
who told you
that Israel told you that
right because we don't believe the Hamas
numbers and what what would be the other
source of
numbers so so the group that wants you
to think they're doing a good job of not
killing civilians and nobody else has
the right answer and it's a war zone
where nobody tells the truth truth
traditionally and your data on what a
great job they're doing of keeping
citizens alive and only going after the
bad guys as as much as that's possible
in the war that came from one side why
would you believe
that now I think it's likely to be
true you know like if you put a gun to
my head and said all right Scott do you
think they're doing better on this
number the percentage of you know
civilians who are being killed I would
say probably probably they are because
they're making a big effort to do that
and it matters but I wouldn't believe it
because they said so that's not good
enough I wouldn't I I think you got to
put a giant asterisk next to that and
say we don't know what's going on we
don't know what's happening on the
ground maybe the entire reason that the
number of citizens killed is low is that
the citizens were good at hiding maybe
they were good at getting out of the way
maybe they went and HD in some of those
tunnels or something I don't know but
uh yeah I just generally speaking I'm
I'm inclined to think the IDF is doing a
uh a moral and ethical job of trying to
spare the citizens I'm inclined to think
that's true but I wouldn't believe it
because they said so that's not the
standard you should use in the time of
War everybody's lying in Wars
right and
anyway um
Hezbollah the deputy leader he's called
the deputy leader um said he declined
the offer to become the new
leader he said for now Hezbollah will
continue without a leader we'll elect
the leader in due
course so apparently the leader doesn't
want to say he's the leader because he
blows up the minute he does that seems
to be the pattern but um I've planned to
apply for the job now that I know
there's an opening and fingers
crossed if Hezbollah has a a really
robust Dei program I think I can get in
I think I could in but now my
requirement would be I want to work
remotely I mean it doesn't look like
it's a good situation over there so I'd
like to work remotely but I will be the
new head of Hezbollah if if they'll have
me and if they have a good Dei program I
think I got a shot
there's a report in slay news that Biden
is offering Israel some kind of
compensation if they don't strike
Iranian targets or at least specific
ones does that sound true do you think
the Biden Administration is just bribing
Israel hey we just got to get through
this election just let us get through
the election don't bomb Iran don't start
a war until after the election I don't
know could be
true I'm give that one
maybe um let's see what
else yeah so apparently we're uh calling
on Israel to refrain from attacking
Iranian
targets and uh the US would offer them
some kind of diplomatic protection and
sell them weapons and stuff like
that
anyway you know one of the questions
that uh Bill Whitaker asked this 60
Minutes asked Kam Lis is if
uh is if if Netanyahu is
listening to the United States
government which is one of those
questions that really it's not about
getting the answer to the question I
suppose it's just about seeing how
somebody handles it because the answer
to the question is obvious we're trying
to influence them they're trying to
influence us it's never a perfect thing
so does he
listen well he
listens of course nyaho
listens but you know the question should
have been does he do everything you want
or does he do enough of the things you
want but of course he listens of course
he
does but ultimately they're going to do
what makes sense for their security
situation and they seem to have done a
good job so far
um NPR and BBC they ha n yaho you're
saying well he's quite a controversial
character at the moment all right ladies
and gentlemen I'm going to say uh
goodbye to the X and Rumble and YouTube
people thanks for joining sorry I went
so long I'm going to talk to the locals
people privately now remember the
Dilbert
2025 desktop calendar available now only
at the link you can find at dilbert.com
it's the only place you can get it not
on not on any other source including
Amazon but you can get on Amazon win
bigley the resubmission of my uh it's
the second edition of my book about
Trump's persuasion skills so written as
a
hypnotist which is what I am so if you'd
like to learn all of his magical
persuasion tips it's right there all
right I'm going to say uh bye to
everybody except locals locals will be
there in 30 seconds the rest of you I'll
see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e