mm-hmm oh yes it's the wrong time zone
I'm coming to you far earlier than you
expect most of you are sleeping but at
least you'll have something to wake up
to now when you do it will be time for
you to lift your beverage your vessel
full of liquid that you plan to drink
your cup will be bigger than my tiny
little cup it's the world's smallest cup
it's so cute
all right simultaneous step yes this is
weird timing but I'm gonna be on a
flight most of today and I didn't want
to miss this historic day so we've got
stuff going on and in Singapore I'm not
so sure it's a v-neck t-shirt that's
okay somebody's talking about my v-neck
v-neck t-shirts good v-neck sweaters
means your your wife or your girlfriend
gave it to you it's a whole other topic
let's talk about Justin Trudeau's
eyebrows have you all seen the the
little viral video of what appears to be
fake eyebrows on Justin Trudeau starting
to do fade well if you look at other
photos of Justin Trudeau you will find
that those are just his eyebrows so he
actually has a two-level eyebrow there's
like a one at the top and then there's
like a thicker one below it so he
actually has essentially it looks like
two eyebrows a thin one and then a
thicker one but if you look at any of
his old photos that's just the way he
looks and in fact one of the ways you
can tell that its genetic is take a look
at a photo of Fidel Castro if you look
at Fidel Castro he has the same double
eyebrow on the same side probably just a
coincidence but he does I just looked at
that a moment before I sign that so
here's the thing I want to talk about
there probably won't be a lot of news
out of Singapore until some
conversations take place but we're all
watching the Canadian trade war threats
you know war of words happening and
here's what I want you to look for so I
challenged people on Twitter yesterday
by saying hey president Trump keeps
saying that these trade deals are unfair
what's the counter-argument seems like
an obvious question right if the
president says these trade deals are
unfair and he's me mentions things like
oh they have a big tariff on milk or
whatever what is the counter-argument
now what happened was if you were
watching my if you're watching my
Twitter feed it completely triggered
people because people were pretty darn
sure that whatever President Trump was
doing was dumb and wrong and stupid etc
and then I simply say okay what is the
other argument this says the unfair
trade deals is actually good for us and
what people would say is trade deals are
bad look at this article I sent you and
I'd say everybody agrees with that
even President Trump agrees nobody wants
a trade or nobody wants a trade war but
people will send me that and say see see
what's the matter with you
do you have one I'm not where I need to
be so I'm going to improvise
so can't you see this link to the
article I just sent you that says very
clearly that trade wars are bad nobody
ever wins it in trade war and then I say
no I know that that's the part that
everyone agrees on if you can avoid a
trade war that'd be good if you have to
have a trade war that's that's not good
right now tell me something that's the
counter-argument to why should we should
accept unfair trade deals Scott you
should read up on some economics before
embarrassing yourself and then I say but
what is the counter-argument to why we
should accept unfair trade deals and
then I'll get economics economics 101 no
that's not an argument those are just
words that come out of your mouth look
if I like look at my like no that's
again that's just another way to say
trade wars are not good stop saying the
thing I agree with and give me the
counter-argument the part that says that
unfair trade deals for the United States
are in some way good for the United
States and then I get a cop don't you
realize that these trade deals are
already fair and I say hope now we're
getting someplace now we're getting
someplace
so you're saying that the tariffs that
they have on us are exactly the same as
a tariffs that we have on them
no can't you can't you can't you
understand economics don't explain it to
me why why is it fair if they have
tariffs on us on a particular good and
we don't well you have to consider all
of it collectively and variables and
things don't you understand that
Catholics
well why will the news not actually lay
it out in some form that says these are
the things that we do to them or what we
get from them and let's compare to this
is the collective amount of things which
they're doing to us etc and then we see
which is better or less fair we we the
observer can just look at the data and
say oh yeah good point now I see your
point
we're doing a few things to you you're
doing a few things to us those look
about equal where's that argument have
you seen that argument it's the only
argument that matters has anybody even
tried to do that argument no here's what
you're gonna see on TV the presidents
had that Justin Trudeau is making mild
and then Justin Trudeau stabbed us in
the back you stabbed this in the back by
he's making loud do you know what none
of that is an argument about why the
trade deals are already good or why they
are unfair because one of those things
is true and then when I push people that
far what do they say what do they say
they say something like Scott don't you
know that there's a lot of judgments
involved because you can't you can't
just say what's fair because people
disagree what's fair
and then I say well if people disagree
what's fair then is it wrong for
President Trump to say it's not fair now
because that's his judgment trade wars
are bad trade Wars bad no Dale that's a
part again that we all agree with
including President Trump everybody
agrees with what you're saying you're
not addressing my point you're simply
saying a thing that all people agree
with Dale
we don't want trade Wars if we can avoid
them but the president seems to indicate
that that would be better than these
unfair trade deals we have now can you
explain to me why they're fair already I
am busy
and I need to do something else so
that's what the conversation has been
looking like for the last few days and
I'm trying to figure out is it are the
news organizations lazy or or are they
incapable of simply putting up a graphic
that says look Canada here's what you're
doing on you know wheat and maple syrup
here's what we're proposing to do for
you on steel and whatever else and here
it is you can see that you know there's
more of this but it's a lower tariff and
you can see how it all Nets out and why
isn't that fair where's that where is
that and if it turns out that the the
thing that we're calling fair about the
current situation not we but but the
critics of the president if the
situation with trade that they call fair
right now is so good why did they want
TPP wasn't TPP changing the current
situation to make it better if everybody
else wanted that deal that the president
got
of wasn't that because they thought the
current deal was not fair it's it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous to imagine
that we first of all can't put it on the
screen and show the country even what
we're talking about just give us one
simple country just just give us Canada
just keep it simple just say here's our
deal with Canada on these three or four
categories here's here's their deal with
us on these different three or four
categories but you can see these are
roughly equal or you can see that
they're totally unequal give us the
frickin argument don't tell us who's
meek and mild don't tell us who stabbed
us in the back
you know don't tell us President Trump
is evil or uneducated about economics
don't tell us he's not looking at the
facts here's what's bugging me people
keep saying President Trump it doesn't
want to study the facts what are the
facts it can't be that hard to just put
them on a graph and put them on the
screen can it you know don't criticize
them for not looking at the facts if
nobody will even tell us the facts and
if it turns out that the whole thing is
subjective and and what is fair is
simply whatever you've agreed to and I
think that's the case by the way so
here's my larger picture here having
drone down about this for a while
I believe there's nobody involved in
trade including the professionals
including the advisors on both sides who
wait for it understand the topic that's
my that's my claim based on what I can
find out so far the claim is that nobody
involved in the topic of trade between
the United States and Canada just to
pick the simplest one that there's
nobody including Trudeau Trump any of
the advisors on either side and nobody
in the media understands it not even
close
enough to summarize it in watch you
watch for the next few days and you're
gonna watch people say any one fact they
know well what about the milk tariff 270
s % and and Trudeau's meek and mild
that's the closest you're gonna get to
anybody who acts like they even
understand this situation because if
either side understood it they would
explain it in a way that was you know
favorable to them in other words if
Justin Trudeau wait for this right if
Justin Trudeau understood the trade
situation with the United States well
enough to describe it he would have done
it right if Justin Trudeau could have
said look the president says this is
unfair let me show you on this graph why
it's very fair you know here it is
behind me here's here's here's milk
here's maple syrup here's metal here's
the situation here's how much we you use
now how much we sell here's how much
they buy here's the tariffs here's the
net if he could do that in the service
of proving that it was already fair he
would have done it do you know why he
hasn't done that he can't because nobody
understands the situation so what do you
do when you're in a negotiation and
literally no one understands it what do
you do do you say well I don't
understand it so I guess it's fair no I
wouldn't even know which variable to
push is that what you do well it's what
a lot of people would do what do you do
if you're a president Trump and you're a
negotiator if you enter a situation
where it's all subjective and nobody
understands exactly where we are and
we're what would be fair
or whether it's fair if you're in that
situation and you're a president Trump
you negotiate because if you could make
the strongest case that it's already
unfair and the way to fix it is to tweak
a variable that helps us why wouldn't
you do that that's exactly what you
should do so President Trump is going
into a situation that he doesn't
understand that the people he's
negotiating with don't understand they
do not understand it I mean only at the
highest conceptual level but they don't
know the details they don't understand
what's happening with their own trade
it's probably just too complicated and
so the so the side that doesn't want a
thing to change
says it's already fair they don't know
there's no way to judge it and they
wouldn't understand it if they did and
then President Trump wisely wisely also
doesn't understand it because nobody
else does either and he says it's unfair
and we need to fix this it's the
smartest thing you could possibly do if
you ever find yourself in the situation
where nobody understands it but it's a
situation where people expect
negotiating why should you do should you
say gosh I don't understand this
complicated situation I guess it's fine
the way it is or or do you say nobody
understands this complicated situation
let's push on a few variables as that
though will help us there's only one way
to go and it's the way he's doing it
let's drink the tiny coffee to that
somebody just said it's amazing because
I thought Trump was stupid but now I
realize everybody else is stupider that
is exactly what's going on everybody who
says President Trump doesn't understand
trade they're completely right because
nobody does and trust me if anybody
understood it they'd be on TV explaining
it to you if anybody understood it there
would be an article you could tweet me
this says ah here it is it's just laid
out this is what we do that's what they
do here's the bottom line it's unfair or
it's fair
somebody said my faucet my voice is like
a soft velvety cat that's a nicest thing
anybody's ever said to me this morning
somebody said do you understand it no
that's my point
my point is that there's nobody involved
in the news organization privately as a
pundit there's nobody understands it now
there are people and and here's what
people say so the other argument I hear
is it goes like this
President Trump thinks that the trade
deficit is the problem that's not a
problem the trade deficit just means
we're getting cheap stuff from them
don't they understand economics trade
deficit is not a problem
to which I say the trade deficit is not
the cause of the problem the trade
deficit is what you end up with because
of unfair trade practices in part in
other words part of the reason for the
deficit is that they might have tariffs
or they might have subsidies government
subsidies et cetera
so talking about the size of the deficit
is not trying to tell you the deficit is
the cause of the problem the president
is not saying that he's saying that's
what you ended up with because you did
the other stuff wrong if you had better
trade practices that subsidy or the the
trade gap would be less do you see the
people in the news explaining that to
the public know what the news will
report to you if it's anti-trump is
she's also understand that trade
deficits are not the problem because
they just make our Goods cheaper now he
does understand that and he also
understands that if we sold them more
stuff that would be cool right and we
could sell them more stuff if they would
lower their barriers or stop subsidizing
right this is one of those cases were
under percent of people agree with
President Trump but you're still going
to see the enemy press report it as if
he doesn't understand it and yet he
understands it exactly the same way they
do the same way everybody does the trade
deficit is what you end up with and
that's bad because you haven't done a
better job of selling them selling them
more stuff we're not complaining because
we're buying a lot of their stuff we're
complaining because we're not selling
enough that closes the gap all right
has anyone in the Netherlands recognized
me
no but Christine has been recognized a
few times which is funny I am looking at
your that your comments why am i up this
early I'm in a different time zone I'm
in Amsterdam right now I'll be flying
today all right I'm gonna sign off it
would you ever move from California
maybe someday
drink drink with me let's drink to not
understanding trade policy yeah here's
another thing here's another thing that
Canada is not calculating in their trade
agreements let me let me ask you if you
think this is true does the military of
Canada have to be the best in the world
to defend a Canada nope because they
happen to be attached to the United
States and if anybody ever attacked
Canada they would be vaporized by the
United States and about a minute and a
half so Canada gets a pretty good deal
just by being attached to the United
States which is attached to the most
ferocious military in the history of the
universe well history of the galaxy
anyway so there are a lot of connected
things and you don't hear anybody
explaining what those connected things
are but maybe we will at some point yeah
for those of you who are just signing on
the the so called eyebrow gate where it
appears that Justin Trudeau's fake
eyebrows are falling off is not what it
looks like he just has unusual eyebrows
that are sort of two leveled
it was like a light level followed by a
heavier level that that goes down into
the eye and if you look at his old
photos you'll see that that's that's
actually just his eyebrows somebody says
wrong all right I think I'm going to
sign off now and I will talk to all of
you later