bah up a bone thump boom ba-ba-boom hey
Tyler come on in here the rest of you
grab your beverages cuz it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams I'm not going to
say it's the best moment of your day but
it probably is and so grab your cup your
mug your glass your container your stein
and lift it to your lips it's time for
the simultaneous sip let's talk about
midterm turnout so we're seeing early
indications that the turnout on both
both sides could be massive
it could be massive and we'll talk about
that but I just saw a comment that said
Q is back
I believe Q is back to say everybody
should vote right isn't that all Q said
so I'm not sure Q was back if you know
what I mean
anyway let's talk about the voter
turnout on CNN there's an optimistic
from their point of view article in
which they say that the young might turn
out in greater numbers for this election
than any prior midterm election and if
that's true what does that tell us now
number one I don't know what it means
for the young to turnout in greater
numbers because their turnout is
actually kind of bad their turnout is is
bad among the young but I wanted to make
this point that I've said before but it
it makes sense when you're looking at
the midterms if your party is the party
that attracts the most young people and
that would be true with the Democrats so
the Democrats attract the most young
people should you be proud of that
seriously I'm the only person I've ever
heard say what I'm gonna say and you
know it's true when you hear it young
people are the dumbest voters and I say
that with love because obviously I was
once a young person most of you either
are young people or have been young
people so I have nothing nothing against
the young I don't mean this to be an
insult it's absolutely not an insult
every one of us has gained experience by
living and here's here are some of the
main differences that I think are worth
pointing out between the young and
they're not so young at my age I have
the perspective of having experienced
something like real news think about it
imagine if you were so young let's say I
don't know how young that would be in
your 20s let's say and you had never
been alive during in the era of real
news you've never even seen it you don't
even know what it is imagine that like
that's actually a thing in my lifetime
you know the early news reporters is
seemed to be reported the same news and
you were just competing to see who had
the best production the best deal most
charismatic presenter of the news but it
was the same news you know the news was
the news it's it was a reflection of
what happened and they talked about but
today there's no there's nothing like
that now there's only bias disguised as
news there's opinion disguised as news
and as I've described there's a reason
for that the business model changed as
soon as we could measure measure as some
of you say measure as soon as we could
measure all of the variables when when
there was a story a certain treatment of
the story and you could may measure did
this one get more clicks or more viewers
than the last one the moment we could
measure it the business model just
completely changed to focus on what got
the most clicks which tended not to be
the truth the truth doesn't get him any
clicks because the truth is you know
balanced and boring but the non truth I
think the President of the United States
is actually not see okay that stuff that
will get you some clicks I think Soros
is actually a vampire who has come back
to destroy humanity that's gonna get you
some clicks all right so if you're in
your 20s you have never been alive
during an era of actual news you've
never even seen it think about that what
would what would your world view be if
you were born into a world where the
people around you the people you trust
as let's say because most Democrats
hanging around with Democrats most
Republicans grew up in Republicans
families you know not all of them but
but enough for my point you would
actually have grown up in a world where
you believe that MSNBC was telling you
the news or the CNN or even the Fox News
you know it's it's true on all sides
right you would believe that you were
getting something like the news there's
nothing like that happening they used to
happen it happened when I was a kid and
I'm not I'm not giving you the well when
I was a kid you know people people were
better I'm not telling you that I'm
telling you that there was something
specific that changed technology changed
to allow us to measure how people
respond to stories and that guaranteed
that we would no longer see the news we
would hear some biased presentation
because that's where the clicks are now
imagine if you were young and you had
not yet just experienced how many times
you are lied to and I like to use
climate change as the perfect example of
young versus older point of view
if you were young and you were born into
a world that says look science is the
standard by which we determine truth
it's not perfect but the standard is a
good one to adhere to if if scientists
have judged and peer reviewed and looked
at it and then the consensus is in one
area that is really reliable and you
should treat that like it's true that
would be a good opinion for somebody in
their 20s it's saying it's what they're
raised to believe science is the truth
not every time but it's a good good it's
good form it's smart to act as if it's
the closest thing to truth we have if
you're my age you have seen that be
false so many times that it doesn't even
seem like a thing anymore right so
whether or not climate science I'll just
use this as an example is true or false
I'm just talking about how an old person
looks at it versus how a young person
looks at it a young person says I've
been taught to believe science gives us
truth not every time but enough that we
should treat that as the closest thing
we have to the truth you're 20 you're in
your 20s that's what you've been taught
you're my age and you've seen that that
doesn't work so often that really most
of the time what we think is science is
really where the money is biasing people
we've seen this science can be sure and
then change its mind and be wrong
we've seen scams we've seen the food
pyramid we've seen Peak Oil we've seen
you know the year 2000 bug so we've seen
all of these things that science and the
experts agreed were true that were
absolutely not true so here's my
perspective when I look at climate
science I say to myself it is important
that the scientists seem to be in one
side that does count that means
something right you should not you
should not ignore that but I'm also
bothered by the fact
this that the way climate science is
presented to the public looks exactly
like how scams are presented if you're
young you don't know that it's actually
just something you don't know you
haven't seen a lot of scams you just
haven't seen them yet you will oh you
will you know if you're in your 20s you
got a lot of scamming in front of you
you're gonna be fooled a lot of times
you just don't know it yet
you don't know that Waffen will happen
anyway so when I'm looking at climate
science I'm absolutely giving a lot of
weight to the fact that the scientists
seem to be lining up on one side that
matters I'm gonna give that a lot of
weight but I'm not gonna ignore the fact
that the way they're presenting it to me
is very suspiciously exactly like scams
are presented I've described why it
looks like a scam in the past and it
really is
there's a famous scam where you pretend
that you can predict the stock market
because you send lots of let's say lots
of emails to lots of people and you pick
different stocks well some of them are
gonna be true just like some climate
models are gonna be true and then you
say just to those people that got the
right one Hey look I got that last one
right maybe I'll get this next one right
- so getting back to the original point
the midterms look like they're gonna be
really high turnout and there may be
extra high turnout among the young on
the on the Democratic side what does it
tell you that there's extra high turnout
among the young on one side it's not the
smart voters and again I'm not insulting
the young I'm just saying that all young
people gain experience and context
simply by being around longer so I
wouldn't be bragging about getting all
the young voters that's not a not
necessarily a good sign
who reported that CNN was reporting that
the young were voting they believed
they'll be voting in higher numbers
because they're all worked up about
Trump in other words they have Trump
derangement syndrome I saw today that
the president is framing Republicans as
the nice party so he's he's framing the
Democrats as the angry mob of irrational
fools while framing Republicans as the
nice people and I kind of like that but
what I like better is and I'm gonna
start reminding you of this between now
and the midterms keep in mind that you
don't want to punch down and if keep in
mind that if you've got a gun and the
other person doesn't you can't act like
Pierce keep in mind that if you were a
trained let's say a trained professional
MMA fighter
it's not fair to get into a bar fight
with somebody who's never been trained
so keep in mind there may be a
tremendous power imbalance that should
you should be mindful of after the
midterm election is over because if
Republicans get angry no matter which
way it goes all right whether
Republicans hold hold Congress or don't
no matter which way it goes
Republicans still have the guns they
still have the president they still have
the Supreme Court they still have the
power you know far more power than the
Democrats will have and I would caution
you to to not get angry
and to not rub it in their faces if if
you end up winning if it's a surprise
result and Republicans do better than
anybody expected don't rub it in don't
be no be dancing in the street too much
you can enjoy it at home but don't make
it worse yeah it would be real easy for
violence to break out now let me
of you a compliment let me give you a
compliment and when I say you I mean
most of the people watching this are
probably Trump supporters because of the
content that I that I present it
attracts those viewers and you're
probably a pretty good proxy for
Republicans and conservatives in general
that's my guess I'm gonna complement you
because you have watched a whole lot of
violence and bad behavior by the the
losing team the people who did not win
the presidential election and for the
most part you know there's some crazy
people that just have to be judged as
crazy I'm not talking about the yeah the
the synagogue shooter he was mentally
ill I'm not talking about the mail
bomber he's mentally ill but I'm talking
about Republicans and conservatives I'm
gonna say have been really well behaved
in other words I would say on average
not counting the crazy people and not
counting the trolls online that you know
have bad behavior everywhere on both
sides but in general in the real world
in the physical world Republicans have
been very very restrained right relative
to what it could be all right you still
would like you know you still want to
keep the temperature a little bit lower
I think we all agree temperature is
starting to get a little high but that
temperature is being kept as low as it
is entirely by one side one side is
trying to raise the temperature it's to
decide the sudden the losing side at the
moment the Democrats the Republicans on
the whole I'm talking not about the
crazy ones but on the whole that have
been the side that's keeping the
temperature low they're not taking out
the guns they're not starting fights
they're not punching down as much as
they could be I'm not talking about
social media that's social media is its
own evil animal sort of the jungle in
there but in the real world where you
have fists and clubs and guns and cars
and stuff
Republicans have been well-behaved for
two years better better than I might
have expected actually so I'm impressed
and I think it would be terrific if
Republicans could take that same
attitude win or lose
win or lose wouldn't it be nice if
Republicans maintained the respectable
approach to our system and the
Constitution and the country and our
fellow citizens that has been maintained
so far so I'll make my appeal to
niceness amplifying what the president
saying that you've been nice so far
relative to what you could have been
right you could be a lot nicer we could
all be nicer I put myself in that
category we could all be nicer all right
I'm gonna end a little bit early on that
note so I'll reiterate that if you're
planning to tweet a an American flag
sunday is the time to do it in numbers
if you go too early it's gonna start
people will get used to it you don't
want people to get too accustomed to see
tweets of flags until it gets closer to
the actual election that's when you want
to start peaking energy all right so
peak the energy starting Sunday and
don't put any words with your flags I
know you're all going to want to you're
gonna want to say go vote you're gonna
want to say you know do something for
the country it will be less effective if
you add words I guarantee it whatever
words you think to add don't do it
because as soon as you add the words
you're you're a partisan if you show the
flag without the words that's not
partisan or it shouldn't be you
shouldn't be in this country and that
the science behind it is that people who
have been exposed to the American flag
are more likely to vote Republican if
that's
the outcome that you want people have
been accusing me lately of what's the
word they use supporting I guess can't
Oh campaigning for or supporting the
president let me be as clear as I can I
always support the sitting president
doesn't matter what party I'm generally
supportive not every policy because I've
got my policy differences with every
president but I'm generally supportive
of the sitting president and so there's
that secondly I'm not pretending to be
unbiased about president Trump I've met
him I liked him so it's hard to be
biased about somebody that you'd met in
person and you had a very positive
response to him he was very nice to me
so I'm not gonna pretend I'm unbiased
about him personally because I like him
personally I have you know just it's
just weird that I've actually met him so
there's that but I will continue to say
where I disagree that's as close as I
can get to anything like a lack of bias
I'm always going to say his technique is
strong because it's been insanely strong
and a saint insanely effective and I
think the rest of the world is catching
up to the fact that what he does works
so that much I think we all agree on
where we're coming to the point where we
agree because that you can't you can you
can't argue against the fact that he
became president you can't argue against
the fact that he got stuff done you got
people in the Supreme Court etc but here
are the here the areas I disagree just
to put him on record I think health care
Republicans should do a lot more I'm
disappointed you know a lot of that is
Congress it's not just the president but
he's the boss you know the boss takes
responsibility even if it is the
underlings fault immigration should be a
lot better
I think environmental stuff I got a real
big question mark you know I read some I
read some scary things about rules that
have been relaxed under this
administration I'm not in a position
where I can
judge whether those rules should have
been relaxed or not I don't have to
judge that but I got a big question mark
so I'm not I would say I'm not delighted
about environmental stuff but I don't
have all the information most of you
don't as well I'm not happy about race
relations under this administration I
disagree on Confederate statues I think
they're just decorations and they're
offensive to enough people in this
country that we should be kind to our
teammates and it doesn't matter that you
disagree it's offensive to enough people
that we should just treat that as the
fact and act on it to be nice people
and so there are other things which I
have minor disagreements about so and
but as long as I'm open about where I
disagree I feel like I can be a credible
person by saying what he does well the
president and persuasion he does very
effectively I need to go right now get
some other stuff done that's all for
today and I will talk to you later