hey everybody come on in it's time for
the evening edition called no coffee
with Scott Adams because it's much too
late for that but it's not too late to
have fun with the news thank you for
this gift
president Trump for making a Monday that
could have been boring not boring at all
have I told you before that there's
something about the Trump of family I
think they all have it
it's sort of like some gene that they
inherited that they can't be
uninteresting have you noticed that it
doesn't matter who it is it doesn't
matter if it's Ivanka or your Don jr.
or the president they don't know how to
leave a room without making you remember
something that makes your head shakes
like well I'm gonna remember that for a
while yeah and of course the president
gave us quite the gift today by casually
mentioning that he's been using
hydroxychloroquine and I think is a
through bison and zinc as well now how
do you think the media dealt with this
new information now you have to know he
was laughing about it you have to know
trumpet thought it was funny because it
was here's what's funny about it would
you would you not agree with the
following statement that the president
has been just viciously criticized for
having brought up these pills in the
first place and that since then there's
been evidence of them not working or
maybe being dangerous and so it's just
all worse and worse and worse so just
when you think it's just what do you
think Trump has decided to you know sort
of surrender the point and I really
thought he'd surrendered it I thought he
was just gonna say well you know it
seemed like a good idea at the time
maybe we know more now
hasn't really stood out as being a
winning strategy yet
you know so I kind of thought he was
gonna let it go but this isn't really
the president of less things go is it
you know the one of the reasons that one
of the reasons whose supporters I think
appreciate him is that he doesn't let
anything go you know he's gonna be still
trying to build that wall you know when
he's a hundred and ten and out of office
and I'm still gonna build that wall I'm
gonna go look at that wall built so
there's something about his tenacity
that you just have to like even if you
don't like what he's trying to do and
this is just the perfect example it's
like he's just not gonna let this go so
here's what's so freakin funny about it
it's funny because don't you assume that
the White House doctors you know I don't
know if it's the staff you know there's
one White House doctor physician but as
a rule staff probably and don't you
think that it's assumed that whoever is
treating the President of the United
States medically would be the cream of
the crop
would she just assume would be sort of
the standard for a good care sort of the
person you'd you might even look to as a
role model of how to do it right
and the president gets the the White
House position to give him the okay I
mean yeah I think he said he wanted it
but he gave him the okay to take this
drug which automatically makes him right
now I'm not saying that people will
admit he's right but I'm sorry if you
get the White House doctor to agree with
you you're right yeah they're that
they're never gonna give it to him
though they'll never give him the wind
but I'm here to tell you he won't you'll
never get the trophy yeah the scoreboard
will not reflect that
buddy what now let me explain what I
mean by that
because the news is never going to give
it to him and this is how they're going
to do it this question of the Aqsa
chloroquine is really four different
types of decisions there's a scientific
decision a medical patient and then a
leadership decision and they've got
different you know different variables
and you would look at them in different
ways for different reasons so let me go
through these the scientific view which
is what CNN and the critics will focus
on is going to say do we have controlled
studies this show that it's safe enough
and that it works and the answer is no
now we don't so if the only thing that
mattered was the scientific study you'd
say no we don't have those studies
that's it if if that's the only question
if it's the only dimension you're
looking at no it does not have the
required scientific backing period
that's like end of the statement there
is not absolutely not scientific backing
of the type that you would walk you know
the gold standard controlled experiments
doesn't exist fair enough true statement
but the medical decision could be a
little different a doctor is allowed to
say yeah we don't have a controlled
study for this way I'm thinking of using
it but I'm going to use my medical
judgment and I could say I've got a
hunch that this could work I don't know
what else could work I don't have a
better idea it feels like the logic
makes sense and I think that the risk is
very small I'll give it a I'll give it a
chance
it's called off-label use that's not the
same as this the scientific view is you
don't know anything the medical view
sometimes depends on the situation it
might be it's worth a try which is also
different from the patient's choice
because the patient has yet another
bunch of information and that
information is what works for you what
are your biases what are you afraid of
what are your priorities let me give an
example
when I famously had my voice problems
where I couldn't speak for several years
the medical community the scientists the
doctors said here's what you need to do
Scott take a big needle and stick it
through the front of your neck and
giving yourself nothing yourself but let
the doctor give you a shot that goes
into the back of your neck basically
goes through the middle of the throat
into you or if they can find it because
they're kind of guessing a little bit
but if they can find it they'll jab that
needle into your vocal cords and they'll
they'll put a little Botox in there and
they'll they'll freeze that thing and
you might be able to make some sounds
that sound like talking now we'll have
to do it probably every several weeks
and you'll have to once again have a
needle through the front of your throat
while you're awake and it will be
manipulating it in there and we're not
sure we'll get it every time sometimes
we'll mess so there'll be several months
where it won't work and it'll be painful
excruciating traumatic experience every
time but that's our advice that's our
advice what did I do
I said no thank you and I searched for a
year for another excuse or another
another excuse well Freudian big the
slip was that
now I searched for a year for another
solution ended up being a surgical
solution and you can hear me speak so as
a patient I overruled the science and
the medical community and that worked
out I'm not suggesting that always works
out I'm just saying that sometimes the
patient has extra variables there's a
risk they're willing to take there is a
way that risks that are not willing to
take and sometimes it's personal you
know if you're the one in the chair with
the needle going through your neck you
get to decide right it's not all about
the the math if you got a needle in your
neck so I'm just saying that these are
different decisions and different things
now the leadership decision is the risk
management decision that's the one where
you say you know we really don't know we
just
no we don't know quite how dangerous it
would be for coronavirus patients we
don't know quite if it works but a
leader still has to make a decision I
remember doing nothing is a decision the
leader doesn't get to say I'll take a
bye on this life let me just take a pass
you don't get to do that in an emergency
a decision not to do something is an
active decision so the leader kept say
well show me the controlled studies they
don't exist the leader can ask the
doctors hey what would you do 25% of
that would say according to a study I
just saw 25% of them would say yeah I'd
try it
I'd try it well how about a individual
well if you're the President of the
United States and maybe you're you know
having you not incapacitated means more
could be even more important well maybe
depending on your situation you talk to
your doctor yeah it just depends all
right for some people make sense let's
say if you're let's say you were 25
years old and you're not you're not
around anybody who's likely to give it
to you anyway and if you got it it
probably wouldn't kill you would you
take it well depends but probably not
you know maybe if you were on the front
lines you might but probably not but how
about if you're if you're a leader and
you're just trying to help make risk
management decisions with your experts
on behalf of the country if you're
making your risk management decision the
only way you can do it that make sense
is to say all right what are the odds if
I go this way what are the odds if I go
this way so let's say the it would be a
decision tree now if no one has shown
you the decision tree they cannot they
cannot tell you in any rational way that
the president made a bad decision by
simply talking about it and
and talking about it as a risk
management decision unless somebody's
done the math where they've said alright
if you take the hydroxychloroquine there
we don't know if it would work but let's
say there's a 10% chance it might help
you you know is that 10% worth the I
don't know is it one out of a hundred
thousand who might die from it but those
people are only taking a long term the
number of people are going to die from
it from two weeks we don't know because
we don't have the studies but doctors
and common sense tells you is probably
close to zero so would you take a 10%
slight advantage now again that would be
an assumption not a fact a 10% slight
advantage that if you got it you'd
already have the hydroxy and the zinc
that's the active part you'd already
have it in your body so you get a sort
of a jump on it and maybe you recover
faster would that potentially 10% chance
and only a 10% chance if you get it
because otherwise it doesn't matter at
all and there was a 99% chance you were
just gonna get better anyway now if
you're Trump you're a certain age so he
doesn't have a 99% chance of getting
better but maybe a 97% chance so let's
say Trump had a 3% chance of dying if he
got it let's say a 50% chance of getting
it that would be on the high end but you
know he's around a lot of people I think
50 percents pretty reasonable actually
in his case so 50% chance you get it
anyway I don't have to do the math my
point is if no one else has done the
math either no one can tell you this is
the wrong decision if they do the math
and they plug in their numbers and they
show it to you you can you can multiply
it yourself and say okay oh yeah they
multiplied this correctly that's a
rational decision right there now you
could say oh but they made a assumption
I wouldn't make so let's say you assumed
there's at least a 10% chance
hydroxychloroquine
but let's say somebody else assumed it
was a 1% chance you're both just
guessing those are just guesses so you
know you could run it under all those
scenarios and see if there's any
scenario in which it isn't still better
to take a chance there might be I don't
know now Trump has said he's gotten
anecdotal observational reports and
letters from people who said they think
it works I'm very skeptical skeptical of
those because you know 99% of people get
better anyway so I just don't know that
we really have anything but have you
noticed what CNN is doing - do you try
to make the president look dumb but but
of course what they're really doing is
making their own their own audience
looked up so here's what they're doing
they've decided to highlight a study on
their page cnn.com in which
hydroxychloroquine without zinc was
studied and it didn't help and I think
maybe it was a little dangerous or
something now given that the entire
hypothesis is at the point of the
hydroxyl chloroquine is simply to help
deliver the zinc the zinc being they
actually the part that matters if you
test it without the part that matters
and then you run it on CNN as proof that
the president is making a bad decision
you're just live you just lie because
they're saying essentially the president
is making a bad decision because an
entirely different drug because you take
the zinc out that's the active part of
the combo an entirely different drug was
tested and it didn't work
that's what CNN is telling their
audience a different drug was tested and
it didn't work
therefore the president's wrong about
this other drug they're selling that to
their audience if I'll bet if you could
look all day on the CNN comments I don't
know if they have comments you wouldn't
find anybody who reached the event who
noticed that sleight of hand to take the
zinc you
now the other the other trick they do
and you you know this one right they
there's some study where they gave it
only to critically ill people again
nobody ever suggested that was the smart
best use of it it was always assumed it
wasn't you know early symptom drug so if
it was tested on people who are likely
gonna die anyway I mean they were there
in that the end stage I'm not sure
you've tested anything so those are the
two tricks that the the Trump critics
are using they they look at the wrong
studies and act like it's the right
studies and hope you don't be you can't
tell the difference now maybe they
believe that those are studies I don't
know you know these days you can't tell
are they just being stupid or do they
actually believe what they're saying
it's hard to know so and they'll also
talk about how the poor lupus patients
will lose their supply if everybody
starts hoarding them they'll talk about
how you shouldn't take these drugs you
know unless you're under a doctor's care
now how many of you were gonna take a
prescription drug without a doctor's
advice and if you did and it didn't go
well well maybe that's sort of on you if
you're taking a prescription drug
without a doctor's advice you know I can
see where that'd be a problem but I
don't feel it would be a problem for me
because I don't think I'd do it I also
saw you know people piling on you know
on social media to you know support the
criticism of the president and one
doctor or alleged doctor on Twitter said
that she knows a lot of doctors and
she's never met one who takes
hydroxychloroquine prophylactically so
she knows a lot of doctors if not one of
them are doing that to which I say I
don't know a lot of doctors but even I
know doctors were taking
hydroxychloroquine I know them you know
they've they've told me personally so
yeah I don't know is this even a real
doctor who's making the
comment resistance a troll I can't tell
so that's the and then of course the CNN
will never mention that a quarter of
doctors think it's a good idea can you
can you imagine having an article of not
mentioning that a quarter of doctors
think it's a good idea that doesn't mean
it's a good idea but imagine if you were
doing a survey of doctors and you knew
that it was you know hasn't passed
clinical trials for this use could be
dangerous and in the extreme meaning
that you could have some bad outcomes
for some number of people if you're a
doctor and somebody asks you under these
conditions would you prescribe it
prophylactically before somebody has it
don't you think the doctors are gonna be
a little biased on that question meaning
that if they're answering a poll I think
they're gonna more likely say no it's
not proven because that's the right
answer
right sometimes you know what answer the
teacher is looking for okay is this a
trick question would I would I give
somebody an unproven drug no I wouldn't
because that just feels like the right
answer right whether you're a doctor or
not unproven drug don't need to hear any
more wouldn't give that to anybody but
if they were actually going to serve on
the front line themselves would they
make the same decision about treating
themselves as they would answer a poll
because I feel like the poll answer is
sort of telling the pollster what they
want to hear a little bit I just worry
that that there's some bias built in
there alright so I will I'll say again
that the every day that goes by that we
don't hear somebody say oh my god we've
proven it
the hydroxychloroquine with the zinc
makes a big difference every day that
goes by there's less chance it does
because if it made a big difference
I think we'd noticed by now right
there must be enough people using it
around that we'd have a pretty good idea
so the fact that it's still a little
murky like you feel like some people are
saying it's working but they're there
studies are not quite studies and then
the people who say it's not working
they're not really even looking at the
right thing so it's just all this big
gray area but the longer it goes you
know I started it around 60% chance that
the hydroxyl chloroquine would make some
kind of important difference you know
back in the earliest days based entirely
on some early studies that look positive
but they weren't really dependable kinds
of studies right as time went by using
my rule that the longer you go you know
the more likely you would have noticed
if it worked you know there's surely
there have been studies by now and so I
would say you know my last number was
40% chance that makes a difference I
might lower that a little bit you know
because as time goes by you have to
lower that estimate I'd be down to maybe
30% but a 30% chance that makes some
difference is still a good risk
management decision if you think it's
not show me the math easy enough you
could you could change my mind just by
showing me the decision tree and
multiply the the odds of the various
things happening would you show it to me
it's a very it's a simple calculation
you could change my mind in a minute
just one page these are the odds which
one is bigger I'll take the one that's
the better odds thank you all right I'm
going to teach you now a microt lesson
something you didn't know you needed but
man do you need it it's a lesson on how
to get lucky no not that way get your
mind out of the gutter
I mean how to have more luck in your
life just in general do you think that
you can cause luck to happen in your
life the answer is no not not lock lock
but you can you can manipulate
manipulate your experience of luck in a
ways I'm going to tell you
and let me let me give you a specific
specific example there was a dr. Richard
Weitzman who once studied luck and I
think I've told you in Prior times he
found out that nobody is actually lucky
if you actually control the experiment
nobody can guess coin flips or anything
like that but he did find that people
who had a positive attitude and expected
luck had a wider field of vision in
other words they simply noticed
opportunities that other people didn't
notice so there is something about
expecting luck to happen that can tune
your brain to notice things that give
you the experience of being locked now
there wasn't any any actual luck in the
story you just notice things that you
weren't noticing before so it's more
like skill but the way it will feel to
you is like luck because you'll think oh
I just noticed this thing and that's
exactly what I needed exactly when I
when I wanted it so the experience will
feel like luck if you tune your brain to
just notice more opportunities the other
thing that you could do for lock is go
where the energy is when I graduated
from college in my small upstate New
York town so I went to college just a
short drive from where I grew up and it
was a very small town there were maybe
two thousand people in the town not much
there to keep me there and so as soon as
I graduated I traded my car for a
one-way ticket to California and my
thinking was this there aren't many
times when you could just start from
scratch and getting out of college was
one of those times I didn't have any
special ties to anything so I said where
can I be the luckiest and so I went
where there was most energy it's the
most action so I went to the Bay Area
because it was sort of a happening
growing active place but then I went the
second filter I said within the Bay Area
what is the most happening energetic
forward-looking business that somebody
like me could get a job at now I had a
degree in economics so I was looking for
the most forward-looking Bank which
which I found so I found the highest
energy industry that I could get into in
the highest energy place but I didn't
say to myself I have this specific thing
that's going to happen I said I'm just
going to go where there's lots of stuff
happening and then I'll have lots of
choices I've had indeed lots and lots of
opportunities to go in different
directions
yeah it was Crocker national bank before
Wells Fargo swallowed it up and and
that's worked out great so let me show
you the tips for luck in general follow
the energy so you might have to change
jobs you might have to move but you
can't really fight that alright if
you're somewhere where nothing's
happening getting lucky where there's no
energy is very unlikely it can happen
that's how luck works but you want to go
where there's just more stuff happening
so that there's more chance for things
to collide you want to network you want
to meet as many people if you are
rigorous about meeting people and
keeping in touch then the opportunity
for luck to find you happens again
because what if an opportunity comes to
someone in your network so you've got
this big network and it's like it's like
a dish that's picking up signals so now
instead of being look so lucky that
somebody would have to know you
personally if they had a job opportunity
you don't have to be that lucky anymore
now you can just be lucky enough that
anybody you've met hears about this
opportunity and says oh I know the
perfect person for that so networking
expands your your filter your your
envelope of luck
likewise skill stacking which I talk
about all the time if you put more more
things together more skills and you keep
layering on top of each other
the
things that you could potentially do
just becomes geometrically larger so
imagine that your skill stacked so that
you personally can do lots of different
things you can go in any direction boom
boom boom
there's a thousand things I can do then
you take that and you move and you plop
it right in the middle of the most
energetic place and then you start
networking there's no way this doesn't
work alright this will work every time
this is just math if you give yourself
this many opportunities for luck to find
you Luck's gonna find you alright you
know it might not be today you know I
might take a week might take a year but
if you're if you're making enough
variables moving around your world some
of them are gonna stick alright
experience helps too because the more
experience you have the more
opportunities you can notice the more
ways you can go it really that's just
part of this skill stack then there's
the math of success I can tell you that
in my life I actually kept track of how
many things I tried just in the economic
realm and how many I worked and I did
this a number of years ago I failed at a
number of things since then but my
calculation was that about thirty or so
things I'd tried you know business-wise
including my corporate jobs you know
different inventions I tried to make
startups I tried to start etc there were
about thirty of them and this is prior
to and also after Dilbert about thirty
of them about three of them worked out
well but those three of course paid for
all that all the failures no Dilbert was
one of them you know I had best-selling
books some licensing I did a lot of
public speaking at high rates etc so
there were a number of things that
worked out amazingly well but they were
about one in ten so could I know in
advance which one of the
one in 10 was gonna work out now
nobody's s marked everybody would like
to be that smart nobody is so the only
thing you can do if you're trying to get
put yourself in the position for luck to
find you is you need to keep trying
stuff but try things that won't kill you
and and can leave you ahead so this is
the idea of failing forward so every
time you try something make sure that it
builds your talent stack or it increases
your network or gives you experience
which sort of the same no matter what
because then even as you're failing you
know it's like three failures four
failures five failures you get the five
failures and learn something from every
one of those failures the odds of the
sixth one failing start dropping
dramatically because now you know what
you're talking about a little bit now
you got some skills now you've seen a
little bit of the world now you're a
little tougher now you've made some
friends alright so failing is how you
succeed this is just part of the process
try some long shots I always tried some
things which you could pay the rent you
know so I had of course if there was a
promotion at work I try to get it you
know so if I'd be doing all the normal
stuff but I always had some long shots
brewing and I still do that I've told
you that part of it is for my general
mental health I like knowing that
there's something in my world that even
though it's a long shot man if this
works if this works this would be
amazing it could change the world so it
makes you feel good but every now and
then one comes through it might be that
pattern you got the invention you made
the software you wrote something like
that my cat boo is coming in to visit
and then affirmations I've talked about
that I did a whole periscope on that you
can search for that if you want to find
out more
but the part that's meaningful is tuning
your mind that's what I was talking
about when you're when you're just more
open to the positivity of your own
potential and it doesn't seem to matter
if you do affirmations this is the the
research or dr. Wiseman found it didn't
matter what you did to try to increase
your your optimism
so the affirmations would work or you
can pray where you could just feel good
or you could yeah you could talk to
yourself it didn't matter you just had
to convince yourself that you were a
lucky person who decided to join the to
join the periscope don't rip off my
alright and now she can go on her way
all right
that's a Oh could you hear the purr now
tell me if I'm wrong since the the
coronavirus happened and everybody is
doing their their home video from home
don't you like it when the animals and
the kids come in is it just me because
if I'm watching you know some famous
Network person and their their kid
photobombs them or or the the dog comes
in or the cat or something I like it
better
it just feels I don't know just feels
more less stiff you know a regular TV is
going have you noticed that everything
got really casual or really quickly so
you watching these people would normally
would have suits on and perfect lighting
and makeup and they're just there as
their normal self wearing their t-shirts
you know in their basements with the
camera on I like it better I honestly
like it better so I don't think we lost
much anyway can you give me some
feedback was the lesson on luck useful
to you I'll wait for a second for the
comments to catch up and just just so
you know
yeah like certain which does a a good
job of incorporating his environment in
in everything everything from from kids
to just his life and I think it
I just think makes it better yeah Dana
Perino was ahead all along right all
right so good I'm just leave your
comments appreciate it I could sit in a
room with a dozen cats I had an idea to
start what I call the the cat patria it
was place where people who couldn't have
their own cats but like cats would go
and it would just be crawling with the
happy cats and the customers would just
come in and they would just rent time I
don't even know if there could be food
there because it might be unhygenic but
there were just rent time to go hang out
in an atmosphere where they're just cats
all over the place and you can just
bring in your book you know maybe you're
bringing your own thermos or something
you know because I think it would be
problematic with food service animals
and food service but if it's your own
thermos hey so you just come in you just
rent a chair and they're just cats all
over the place cats like crazy yeah so
you would go I believe that was a Japan
or some place they actually made a place
like that and when did they start
selling Trump pills on Fox News can I do
multiple affirmations you can do
anything you want but I think though
since the point is focus ask yourself
how many things you can focus on but I
think I think two is fine three might be
pushing it and it's not because
affirmations are magic it's because if
focus is the active part of it and I
imagine it is then you don't want to
spread that out too much all right
that's all I got for today I will see
you wait before I go if you haven't
checked out locals where I have a new
comic strip called robots free news you
should check it out I can finally say
all the things that I wish I could have
said in newspapers and couldn't I can't
tell you how much fun that is all right
I'll see you tomorrow