pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here come on gather
round yes
look for your Cup look for your mug you
still have a little bit of time run for
it run because you know what's coming up
it's called the simultaneous if it's the
best thing in the world the best thing
in the entire universe the best thing in
every dimension simulated or not and all
you need is a cup or a mug or glass a
tanker geologist I in the canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind and fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine to the day the
thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip go you
know compared to the coronavirus that
coffee is better way better so let's
talk about some things happening in the
news Harvey Weinstein let's go into jail
I find that I don't care about what
Harvey Weinstein I'm happy that the the
women involved are getting some justice
but otherwise I don't care about it so
good for the women that's all I got to
say about that there's an excellent fake
fight happening right now and what I say
it's a fake fight I mean it's really
just for entertainment and it's between
two members of the Supreme Court and the
president so I guess justice son of my
heir accused has been well I guess
recently she accused that the GOP
appointed justices of being to in the
bag for Trump so soda by ear is saying
that the court is packed with Trump
supporters now and so they're just
backing the president and then the
president heard that comment and also
remember that Ruth Bader Ginsburg had
once said some
thing bad about him being president and
so the president in his inimitable style
suggested that the two liberal judges so
to my ear and Ruth Bader Ginsburg should
recuse themselves from any decisions
that involve the president now I could
not love this more because first of all
it doesn't matter right it doesn't
affect your life it doesn't affect
anything because you know nothing's
gonna be different because if anything
the president said or anything that the
that the justices sent so there's no
downside risk it is purely for
entertainment that we're watching this
and the president has this incredible
ability to break some kind of
expectation or norm just enough that you
can't look away
and here he's doing it again right he's
not supposed to be criticizing another
branch of government and it looks like
he's he's being a dictator or he's
having too much influence where he
shouldn't maybe he should just stay out
of it but don't you love the fact that
he didn't stay out of it from a purely
entertainment perspective
don't you love hearing this opinion
unstuff he's not supposed to give you
his opinion on there aren't many things
that entertained me more than that every
time the president talks about a topic
that all the smart people say he's not
supposed to be talking about I say
tune in tune in what do you got to say
about that topic you're not supposed to
be talking about you got you had me at
now supposed to be talking about it so
none of this makes a difference but I
think it's hilarious that Trump puts
that out there that they should recuse
themselves yeah it's not going to happen
but oh my god it's just the most
perfectly prankster thing to say in this
situation all right there's a question
and I guess Howard Kurtz was asking it
and others has the press given Bernie
too much of a free pass and I think
maybe and usually what they're talking
about is the
the impracticality of what he's
suggesting but what's going to happen
when the left turns on him which you
already see happening you know a lot of
the left has turned on them what will
happen when both CNN and Fox News are
saying every day all day don't vote for
Bernie because that's kind of coming
isn't it
all right don't we don't we have for the
first time ever a common enemy I mean
Bernie has done what nobody else could
do you know before it was at you know
roughly let's say 40% of the country
Democrat 40% of Republican and a bunch
of people who pretend not to be aligned
so it looked like we're just this
divided country but somehow Bernie has
given us a common enemy which is Bernie
now common means that three-quarters of
the public are going to say I don't see
how any of this is going to work we'd
better keep this guy in an office now a
quarter of the public maybe more could
be 40% before we're done are going to
say yeah he's the man we can make this
work or some version of that but I think
CNN MSNBC and Fox News are all going to
be pushing against Bernie for president
you know you all know Jennifer Rubin
right and you know that she's very anti
Trump probably she's most famous for not
being even a little bit subtle about her
bias I mean that that's probably what
she's most famous for is not being
objective which is a hell of a thing to
be famous for but there it is
and I looked at her her Twitter feed and
that is non-stop anti Bernie and it's
she's going hard at him and if Jennifer
Rubin a famous anti Trump er is going
full out anti Bernie he can't be our
president I think there's going to be
more of that you know we already saw
Anderson Cooper push back on Bernie in
an interview
we saw the the james carville pushing
back a lot of people pushing back but
Jennifer Rubin and I couldn't find the
tweet but I'm pretty sure I saw this
suggested that Biden who I believe she's
backing because she's saying good things
about him she's saying the Biden could
reduce his campaign up by by picking a
vice president campaign you know partner
early and a person of color and a woman
who has some pizzazz
so that was Jennifer Rubens term for
some pizzazz and of course people on the
left detector for saying what you're
treating these female potential vice
president candidates like their
accessories they're not there just to
add pizzazz you know there are serious
serious professionals so of course the
left is eating itself which is could not
be more entertaining but here's the
interesting part Jennifer Rubin
suggested two people in particular Stacy
Abrams and and cobble eros as a Biden
potential VP pick that he could announce
early to give a little energy to his
campaign now is that signaling that Joe
Biden is sort of what the let's say the
elites and the Democratic you know
Clinton machine whatever is left of it
it's kind of saying that's who they want
to win right because Camilla would be
the stealth of president even if she got
elected as vice president so I would
like to tease you again by saying if you
think the Kamala Harris campaign is over
maybe not she might have a way to go to
the front of the line now what would
happen if Biden does well in the
upcoming States what if he does well
what what if he comes out on top in
South Carolina and then does solidly
respectable
Super Tuesday is does that make Bernie
is still the you know the odds-on
favorite I think it might change things
now I don't know if Biden has anything
left in the tank because every day we
get a new gaff so today's new gaff from
Joe Biden I guess I happened yesterday
he actually said this as he was closing
up his campaign rally he said my name is
Joe Biden I'm a Democratic candidate for
the United States Senate looked me over
if you like he's not running for the
Senate that's the punch line there and
he says look me over if you like what
you see help out if not vote for the
other Biden what look me over if you
like what you see help out if not vote
for the other Biden what the hell is he
talking about it is there anybody who's
not noticing this at this point now I'm
this is actually a direct quote that I
copied and pasted from a news article so
I'm assuming they quoted him correctly I
I don't think it's a typo but he
actually said he was running for the
United States Senate and if you don't
like him vote for the other Biden who's
that his wife where is it hunter his
hunter running hunter are you running so
I don't know I just don't see a scenario
where Joe Biden looks like a serious
candidate and when I see Jennifer Rubin
saying hey about naming a vice president
I think that's acknowledging that he
doesn't have enough left you know in his
career and and in reserve to be
President it's kind of saying he needs a
backup plan and that might get him over
the line was he
on Monday the deputy Health Minister
who's working on Iran's coronavirus task
force he he rejected claims that the
government was downplaying how bad it
was in the RAM so the guy in charge of
the coronavirus response in Iran was
saying no no it's not as bad as you
think and then on Tuesday authorities
confirmed that that guy has coronavirus
that's right the guy in charge of the
coronavirus response in Iran who just
sat in public it's not as bad as you
think has the coronavirus now Iran is
pretty scary because the numbers coming
out of there
which and I don't think you can believe
anything about numbers coming out of
Iran but there what we have is that
there are 95 confirmed cases and 15
confirmed deaths if that's even close to
true we're in a lot of trouble but how
reliable is this and it's not very
reliable now I think what we're seeing
so far is that the places that have the
best capability of reporting have also
the lowest reported death rate now I
want to see if that trend continues so
in other words the United States Canada
etc there are some countries that you
would assume would be pretty good at
accurately reporting the records or at
least better than other countries and
that whatever you have a country that's
good at reporting the death rate seems
to be you know lowish but the places
that are bad at reporting or you don't
trust them at all it looks a lot scarier
so I don't know if that's a pattern that
means anything but keep an eye on that
all right
apparently the the Wuhan weapons lab has
not been ruled out as a possible cause
now the people talking about this are
always very careful with their language
because to say something's not ruled out
certainly doesn't mean it's likely and I
guess the experts are now pretty much
agreed that there's nothing about the
coronavirus itself that has any markers
for being engineered so it doesn't look
like it was engineered but that doesn't
mean it didn't come from a bio weapon
lab because I'm guessing no bio weapons
expert but wouldn't you think that a bio
weapons lab would have a variety of
dangerous viruses and other entities
just to study them because maybe they're
combining things maybe they're looking
for what they can learn about one to
tell them how to design another one that
sort of thing so what are the odds that
the thing that got out of a bio weapons
center was something that they didn't
design not impossible but I would say
that the evidence is not certainly not
weighted in that direction at this point
if you had to bet I'd say bet on an
animal but you can't rule out the more
exotic possibilities rush limbaugh is
saying just recently there's basically
like a cold and that we're taking it out
of context and the problem you know it
might not be a higher death rate than
every flu we have every year so we might
be blowing a tenth of and if proportion
but as Mike Serna vich is saying almost
every hour on Twitter
the real problem might be what it does
to the supply chain which we're already
seeing which is why the the stock market
went down and that might be the biggest
problem now why is it that no other flu
has had this effect on supply lines what
is it about this thing that somebody
knows that makes a difference so I worry
that we're there's something about this
virus that's different and we're not
being told so that's pretty scary
let's see what else we got going on a
lot of people are starting to speculate
how the corona virus will change
politics and in particular will have an
impact on the presidential election and
I think it will but it's going to be
hard to sort out the the pushes and the
polls so here are the things that might
be affected so for one it makes you
think differently about healthcare and
you might say to yourself you know we
would all be safer if all of us had
health care because you don't want some
person who has no health care to be
running around infecting people where if
they had been part of the system maybe
could have been spotted and stopped a
little sooner so I think Bernie gets a
boost anytime there's a story that would
make you think it'd be better for all of
us if everybody was covered so that's
pro Bernie but working against that is
that there there's an analogy here
that's I will say nature's analogy so
it's not one that necessarily people are
saying but you can't miss it have a
complete ban on Muslims in immigration
until we could figure out what's going
on with terrorism now how did people
react to that of course they said it's
just racist because you know ninety nine
point whenever a percent of Muslims are
no danger at all and it would be a great
act of discrimination against them if
you prevented everybody to come in just
because of this one or two percent or
less there might be a problem but here's
the thing
without anybody telling you to compare
these things what's the difference
between a population of people who were
almost completely innocent but some of
them and he can't tell which ones have
this virus now what's the real
difference between an idea virus like a
bad philosophy that would cause you to
do bad things
and an actual physical virus well
there's you know a material physical
difference in the you know the molecules
and the and the particles and whatnot so
there's that difference but in terms of
how the government handles it it's
strangely the same isn't it and I think
that this is going to work in the
president's favor even if nobody besides
me ever talks about it because your mind
makes these comparisons somewhat
automatically and the comparison I think
people are going to start to make with
or without any pundits ever mentioning
it is that the coronavirus in terms of
how the public or the government should
respond to it looks a whole lot like a
group of people infected with a bad
political idea that leads to terrorism
in both cases well so in the case of the
corona virus when the president stopped
travel from China what did the public
say well first the public said hey
that's a little race wait how many
people are dying in China well it's
still if you if you stop only Chinese
people from coming in it's still a
really racist tell me again how many
people are dying in China and I think
people that talked themselves into the
fact that discriminating against people
from China actually makes complete sense
because it's just a health question it's
not personal has nothing to do the
quality of Chinese people we love the
Chinese just as much as always but
there's a statistical risk that's of the
moment and it matters so I think you
watched an entire population say no no
don't discriminate against the Chinese
okay it's just for health purposes it's
temporary till we figure out what's
going on I can live with it people are
going to start comparing that to the
proposed Muslim ban which again was
until we figured out you know a better
idea of what to do about it
which happened
so the president decided that the right
risk/reward place was to just ban
countries that couldn't give you a good
idea of their citizens it's not the same
as a Muslim ban but it's a smart way to
get to you know the most critical
element which is can you identify who's
coming in so I think the president gains
on immigration even if nobody ever makes
the comparison overtly the way I just
did you just can't not compare them an
idea verse and virus verses an actual
virus they act so much the same I think
that the idea of decoupling from China
which started out as sounding too
extreme now looks like a better idea
even though the virus is the worst
reason for decoupling you know
reasonably speaking you shouldn't be
decoupling your economy from another
country because of a virus well it's
probably not the right reason but it's
making people think about it
so I think that emotionally because
people are afraid of health things and
viruses and you know things they can't
see you know that's what's scary about a
virus you can't see it I feel as though
people are going to be more inclined
toward going hard at China and
decoupling just because of the way this
feels even though logically that
wouldn't it wouldn't make sense the
other thing that's interesting here is
that coronavirus is a very rare
situation in our world in which we all
have a common enemy
and that's a big deal because you know
that what in times of peace governments
will invent enemies just so they have
something to impose so they might invent
you know some ethnic group is our enemy
because you need an enemy right it's
good for governments for cohesion to
have an enemy but when was the last time
we had a common enemy ever as a revurb
and a common enemy for for all citizens
everywhere on the globe maybe the last
time there was a pandemic
but I don't know that the countries were
coordinating probably not as well as as
well as they do now so there's something
to be said for battling a common enemy
because you're probably watching the
news and you're you're hearing that
North Korea is reporting that they don't
have any but of course they probably do
don't you actually worry about North
Korea like when I hear that North Korea
is getting the coronavirus or there's no
reporting of that but you assume that's
happening don't you immediately feel
empathy for the citizens who are minding
your own business and because of their
government they won't be in a good shape
to deal with this so you know you could
say that climate change is the common
enemy but people don't believe it there
there are not enough people on that side
but everybody believes the corona virus
is a common enemy
have we ever can can you think of
another example because yeah somebody
says malaria but even malaria wasn't
really coming to the United States was
it yeah so don't overlook how powerful
it might be to force us to work together
let me give you an example I may have
some of this history wrong so somebody's
gonna have to fact-check me on this but
around the time maybe just before the
iron curtain came down and the Soviet
Union dissolved I remember that there
was some horrible earthquake in Russia
and the United States even though we
were you know not that friendly with the
USSR obviously we offered unconditional
free assistance and I said to myself I
think that's gonna change something
because the United States and Russia are
supposed to be enemies but when this
natural disaster happened I mean the
Soviet Union when the natural disaster
happened the United States this suppose
a great enemy to the Soviet Union just
said how can we give you stuff how could
we help and then we did and I think a
lot of citizens donated US citizens
donated a lot of that money went
and help and soon after that the Soviet
Union dissolved and I think at least
part of it was they couldn't and this is
just my speculation because it might
have been just they ran out of money and
it was just time to yeah there could
have been lots of reasons it fell apart
but one of the reasons I think is that
the United States no longer made a made
sense as an enemy because what do you do
about an enemy who sends you relief when
you have a natural disaster
is that really your enemy so I've said
this before but Russia and the United
States just need to figure out some way
out of this psychological stupidity of
thinking that we should be or our
enemies we act like it because we think
it's true but there's no reason for it
we could just as easily stop acting that
way and nobody would be hurt and
everybody would be better off so these
this common enemy thing might be more
powerful than you think
on the upside that's the most optimistic
take I could take out it and then what
might happen to a rat Iran was already
reeling right so they had that you you
know all the problems with Iran can they
take one more national disaster Iran is
right on the on the brink you know
between the sanctions and everything
else what happens if they've already
closed down their borders I mean that as
have as the regime survived or does this
strengthen them because they maybe they
want to keep their government if if it
looks like the government is doing
something right I don't know if there
are if they are let's talk about Bernie
I think I tweeted this this morning I
think Bernie is only one interview away
from extinction but it would have to be
the right kind of interviewer you'd need
an interviewer who had some credibility
about economics somebody who clearly
understands economics but also knows how
to frame a question right and really pin
him down and you know so I've cheekily
said that all it would take is one
long-form interview with Maria bad aroma
and he would be another race yeah now I
use Maria as just an example of somebody
who understands the financial world and
also can do a tough interview she has
the talent stack not everybody has the
right combination of talents to even
have that conversation does Anderson
Cooper now I think Anderson Cooper was
pretty hard on Bernie and did a did a
pretty good journalist job of you know
nailing him down and making him
uncomfortable and forcing him to the
answer but I don't think Anderson Cooper
has the financial talent that somebody
like Maria Bartiromo would bring to it
or really any of the CNBC legacy people
and I wonder if you know if Bernie is
trying to make the meek in her inherit
the earth because I've got a feeling
that the people who most like Bernie are
the people who feel vulnerable makes
sense right because he's the one who's
going to give you free stuff and take
care of your basic needs so if you feel
vulnerable in society
in other words your meek you're not the
go-getter who is trying to win it all in
capitalism you probably like Bernie so
bernie is actually helping the meek
inherit the earth but weirdly enough I
mean that's almost directly what he's
doing so that's fun but I was he Bernie
was forced to put out a little fact
sheet about how he's going to pay for
everything
and I want to read to you just this one
portion of a larger fact sheet that's
filled with numbers and percentages and
stuff that's way too complicated so I'm
just going to pick out one part of it
and show you how complicated they made
it and then I'm gonna tell you what you
should say instead so this would be a
lesson in persuasion taking a cue from
President Trump who knows how to
simplify he knows who he's talking to
the public
you gotta simplify here's what Bernie's
fact she says and again this isn't the
whole fact sheet it's much larger than
this there's lots of points
about different policies and how to pay
for them but just this one point he says
and I quote now see it's watch how
complicated this is and this is them
trying to make it simple and still watch
how complicated it is so the fact she
says in 2018 the typical working family
paid an average of six thousand and
fifteen dollars in premiums to private
health insurance companies under this
option a typical family of four earning
$60,000 would pay a 4% income based
premium to fund Medicare for all an
income above 29,000 just one thousand
two hundred forty dollars a year saving
that family four thousand seven hundred
seventy five a year families of four
making less than twenty nine thousand
year would not pay a premium now if
you're fairly smart and educated and you
pay attention to that you you know what
that means all right I would say that
sentence is sufficiently clear that a
reasonably education educated person
could read it and really understand what
it says but it's way too complicated
watch this I'm going to take that whole
paragraph with all those numbers and
first of all if you tried to sell
something to the public don't say it's
gonna save you six thousand and fifteen
dollars a year you could do a little
rounding off how about rounding off a
few of these numbers here's how I would
say it a typical working family would
pay a thousand dollars extra in taxes to
save five thousand dollars in health
care expenses see what I did there
I took their one thousand two hundred
and forty dollars I just had called a
thousand and that I took theirs their
savings of four thousand seven hundred
and seventy five dollars and said call
it five thousand now how much better is
my explanation than Bernie's what you
remember forever typical working family
they're going to pay a thousand more in
taxes to save to save five thousand
dollars in health care per year am I
right did I not just explain Bernie's
see a thousand percent better than
Bernie ever has all I did was round off
and get rid of the stuff that doesn't
matter got rid of it
now he also has a whole bunch of
different ways he wants to tax the rich
and some of them have to do with a
wealth tax depending on what thing he's
funding some have to do with taxing
financial transactions some of them have
to do with more Social Security tax for
the rich people does it cuts off if
you're rich after a certain point you'd
like to stop that cut off so basically
he has like five different ways he's
going to tax the rich now one advantage
is that if nobody understands exactly
what he's doing and nobody can talk to
it because it's too complicated people
will just retreat to their biases so if
Bernie's supporters say you know it's
all kind of complicated and I can't say
I follow at all but he's heading in the
right direction I'm just gonna say
that's good we'll work it out meanwhile
the people were trying to debunk it
we're gonna try to do it line by line
say hey what about this complicated
numbers you forgot to calculate this and
nobody's gonna be able to follow it so
because of its complexity it's hard to
debunk because you really have to get
into the details and nobody can pay
attention nobody understands nobody
would watch so it's undeb uncle because
of its complexity but it's also
unsellable because of its complexity so
he could do a lot better there let me
give you an example of how you could
simplify the taxes on the rich I'm not
suggesting this is a good idea this is
an example of simplification only it's
not a suggestion for how to run the
country but suppose you said this
apparently we pay about half a trillion
dollars a year just servicing the debt
so the national debt cost taxpayers half
a trillion a year just for the interest
part forget about paying it down that's
just the interest half a trillion a year
so suppose you're Bernie and you
to simplify things because it's all too
complicated and you say this I propose
that we will move the the interest and
the debt burden entirely to the top 1%
in other words you'll say if you're not
in the top 1% none of that
national debt will ever look true to you
and if you drop out of the 1% then you
don't owe it either but you just say
that's it I'm just going to move all of
our national debt to the rich here's my
reason yeah it will free up half a
trillion dollars a year that we don't
have to pay an interest and that money
can then be used for services or to
prevent the Defra going up I suppose now
this is not really a practical plan you
probably see all the holes in it but
think of it as a simplification that
just helps them sell a big complicated
thing if I just said to you well here's
the deal the top 1% are going to take
all of the national debt because they're
the ones responsible for it and they're
the ones who benefited from it so the 1%
you can take all the national debt and
that will free up enough money that we
can we can chip away at all these other
things like health care and paying down
student debt and stuff like that so
that's not that's not a good full idea
but it's an idea of how much you would
need to simplify this until you could
get to I'm gonna build a wall and I'm
gonna make Mexico pay for it I mean
that's a good simplification somebody
says define the top 1% yeah I mean if
you dig into the details none of it
works I'm just saying that as a
simplification it might be good I've
seen various theories about why Sanders
support might be bigger than people
imagine and that therefore he's going to
win in a surprise just like Trump did
because people are under estimating the
depth of the Bernie support and I'm
fascinated by the reasons that people
are putting on it and I guess there are
so many people who support him that they
have different reasons and so it's not
one reason
but here are some of the ones I'm
hearing one of the reasons people like
Bernie is that his supporters just like
the fight in other words they like that
he's fighting for them the working
people the or the young who don't yet
have money and they just feel like he's
on their side and they don't take too
seriously his proposals so in other
words a lot of his supporters don't
believe that he's going to do the things
he says he wants to do the yoke is
obviously Congress would step in and not
do those things but they just like
somebody who's on their side that's not
a bad a bad take I would say that Trump
had some some of that kind of supporter
as well others say he's a populist I
actually had to look up populist did you
know what a populist was because it's
sort of a weird word you don't hear that
much but I actually have to look it up I
wasn't sure what it meant yes so a
populist means someone who represents
the common people now I think that's
another way of saying that the common
people since there are so many of them
they're common that whatever they want
should be the the popular opinion so if
you just say what the common people want
you're you're you're a populist does
you're in the majority I guess now so I
guess people would like him and that's
that's really the same reason he's
fighting for the little people I've also
heard the theory that that his
supporters just want to blow up the
system they're just so sick of business
the way it's been they're very much like
some Trump supporters they just wanted
to break the government but I would
argue that Trump's doing a pretty good
job of breaking the old form of the
government so I'm not totally convinced
that they need Sanders to do that you
know maybe they think they could take it
further but let's say that's part of it
then there's the obvious that people
like free stuff if I were a student with
$100,000 of student debt I'm I support
Bernie I might because it would be in my
vast self-interest to do so I mean it's
a hundred thousand dollars
I'll vote for the guy who can give me a
hundred thousand dollars of other
people's money and but I I'm gonna add
one two so here's my addition to it I
think there are just people who like to
be active and people who don't
politically active so no matter the
situation and no matter the candidates I
think the same group of voters would be
the activists because they're just some
people who like to be activists you know
and if you took away if they solved the
problem that they were activists about
the day it was solved they would become
activists on a different problem so I'm
starting with the assumption that people
who like to get involved and like to get
worked up about things are going to get
involved and get worked up about
something and then they have to choose
what it is I feel that backing Bertie is
a lifestyle decision and here's what I
mean
if you back President Trump can you say
so in public it's hard right backing
Trump is socially very difficult and you
have to know that you're going to take a
hit to do it so you know it's a risk but
what about you know can you imagine
backing Hillary Clinton so a lot of
people backed Hillary Clinton how did
they feel today it seems like backing
Hillary Clinton was a little bit
dangerous and maybe a lot of people
didn't want to admit even if they were
Democrats and even if they preferred her
over the alternative they might not want
to admit because Hillary has got kind of
a rough reputation but what about Bernie
until this week when a lot of his old
videos surfaced where he seemed to be
complimenting Castro or at least that's
way it was fun it wasn't exactly that
that was happening but it was fun that
way until then it wasn't he the safest
candidate to support let's say you're
you're in your 20s and your life is
social you go out a lot you have friends
you go to work you're around people all
the time and your social life is very
important to you
your 20s of course it's important and
you look around and you say to yourself
everybody who sports Trump is getting
mocked everybody who supports you know
some standard Democrat can also get
mocked you know a Hillary Clinton type
but nobody's really mocking Bernie
Sanders and in the way that hurts
certainly has lots of criticisms but
they're not really the kind of their
hurt
he's the safest lifestyle choice if you
have to tell somebody in public who you
supported you could tell here's the key
you could tell a trump supporter that
you support Bernie and what would the
Trump supporters say well I think his
economics don't work but I kind of like
Bernie right even the Trump supporter is
gonna say I don't want to miss my
president but you're okay I could see
why you would support him I mean you're
not crazy he's offering to give you free
stuff he's fighting for you he cares
about the little people he's been
genuine I get it right you don't really
get that response if somebody had been
back in Clinton you know it's you're
gonna get a darker response to that so I
think that may be the most important
thing with Sanders is that he's the
lifestyle compatible candidate you can
simply say it out loud and you don't
have to worry about the ramifications
he's easy unique that way I was asking
on Twitter what country I should flee to
should the United States become a Bernie
Sanders country now am i serious what I
really believe the United States if
Bernie Sanders became president well it
would depend if the Congress flipped and
it was a let's say it was a Republican
in Congress well I wouldn't worry too
much about Bernie
I'd probably stick it out but imagine if
imagine of Bernie Goetz elect and
against all odds he goes on to
consolidate the Congress I'm getting out
right at that point you got to get
pretty serious about getting out if you
have any money that you want to protect
and I was asking you what country is
would people go to and I was getting and
I said for safety and as well as
economics and so as people who said well
how about the Caribbean to which I said
to myself it's not going to be an island
you know I said safety
I'm not going to Puerto Rica I'm not
going to an island I also would be a
little hesitant to be right on the coast
just depending on the coast you got your
hurricanes so I'm not going to go
anywhere where there's a hurricane risk
that's not safe I don't want to go
anywhere where there's a political risk
you know there might be a an overthrow
or a coup or something and I don't want
to go someplace where the taxes are too
high I don't want to go where I'm
discriminated against and the more I
thought about it yeah Costa Rica Costa
Rica is smallish and it's got two coasts
so I'm not sure how I was safe Costa
Rica's but it would be high in the list
but the point is the United States
doesn't have any competition do you root
because when you actually sit down and
say all right I can go anywhere in the
world and if it's not going to be the
United States where am I going to go I
did see Australia and Switzerland
mentioned quite a few times
well Australia's not bad I'd have to
look at their tax situations Wyoming all
right so there's not much competition
let me talk about an idea I want to put
out there in in the comments I want you
to ask answer this question how many of
you and you can just say yes or no you
don't have to add anything if you don't
want how many of you your lives are
negatively impacted by addiction now it
doesn't have to be your own addiction it
could be a spouse family member or loved
one friend
coworker how many of you are being
negatively impacted in a serious way
because of somebody has an addiction and
it might be you so there's a little
delay in the comments or wait for that
and the reason I'm asking is because I
want to put out a suggestion I know some
when my own stepson was going through
his addiction problems we did a lot of
research about what do you do you know
where do you send people and the answer
is there's not really any place to send
addicts there are super expensive places
I've been super expensive that really
are going to work for 99% of the world
and then there are just no other options
or there are there are places that maybe
are one home and you go to somebody
who's very little neighborhood home and
there are some other addicts trying to
recover but it's just as one house and
as soon as you leave that one house
while you're back in the real world with
all the risks and people just fall back
so here's my suggestion I think we need
to build an advocate town okay you're
seeing all the yeses coming in in the
comments it's nearly a hundred percent
yes I do see some noes okay not a
hundred percent but looks like 80% yeses
well I should wait for a little bit
maybe half so I think some of you have
are more effective than you know about
you might not know how much it's
affecting you but addiction is the
biggest problem we have in the United
States that's not being handled we have
big problems but we mostly have we know
what to do about them using the
coronavirus we know what to do we're
just doing it as quickly as we can but
for addiction it's just ruining families
all over the place it's ruining the
economy I mean it's just ruining
everything and the reason I would
suggest building an addict town is that
you would make an entirely
self-contained community that's got its
own stores
services and people can work there and
live there and just not leave now if
they get a really good control of their
addiction they can leave if they want
but you make it a place you can go to
live not a place that you go to spend
not a place that you're going to spend
twenty thousand dollars a month to to
live there because it's an addict
treatment place just the place to live
that you would give searched anytime you
came in to make sure there were no drugs
so there would be no alcohol sold and
and you wouldn't let anybody in who
wasn't a recovering addict so it would
be hard to get in if you were a drug
dealer and you know obviously somebody
would try then you'd have to kick him
out but and here's the second part the
avek down should be built from scratch
here's one of the most important things
for housing and I don't hear anybody
talk about this I think I'm the only one
the most important thing to get right
for housing is to be with people who are
in the same situation as you are so what
I mean by that is if you live in the
community and you've got let's say two
small kids in school the best situation
is he live around a bunch of other
people who have kids in school because
then they play with each other that
carrot the parents take turns driving
you share a lot of the duties kids
always have something to do somebody
help them with homework
likewise if you're single let's say
you're single in your 20s the last thing
you want is to live around a bunch of
kids and senior citizens so pretty much
everybody is happier living around
people who are in their situation and I
think that's true for addicts as well
because the last thing that addicts want
to do is live in a world where everybody
else is going out and drinking they
can't fit in that's very uncomfortable
so the first thing to get right is that
people who are substantially like you in
some important way are the people around
you that's why a college dorm can be the
best lifestyle while being the least
expensive
you know just a little room with two
people have shoved in in a shared
bathroom and it's still the best time of
your life it's because you're around
people that are like you and you're
doing stuff that you want to do learning
etc so this is how it should be designed
if you design a víctima from you know
the person or the one house oh I'll have
one house and people will go here I just
don't think it's stuff I think you need
to build entire towns and people just
got to move and just say I'm going to
live here as long as it takes and I'm
not going to be an addict here because
there's nothing here I couldn't be an
addict if I wanted to and then the if
you start from scratch and build it you
can do things like experiment and lower
the cost of the housing and try to try
to build a lifestyle that's an ideal
engineered situation and then people
will be happy to live there and I think
you can actually make you
self-sustaining meaning that instead of
paying twenty thousand dollars a month
to be there it's just the place you rent
so it's just a low-cost city and you'd
have to have a job or a source of income
but things would be cheap there all
right that's all for now think about
that talk about that later