it's going to be quite the show
today as we get ready for the Golden
Age coming any
minute coming at
[Music]
you good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee was Scott Adams and
I'm pretty sure there's never been a
better time in your life but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or m a glass
of tanker gelina canteen jugar flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
oh pure
delight well uh according to a NASA
filmmaker and by the way if you want to
know things about Space and Science and
the universe you should talk to a NASA
NASA
filmmaker so make your own judgment
about The credibility of this story but
uh somebody named
Holland says that uh there some
astronomers who identified clear
evidence of Transmissions from another
world and they could announce the
discovery any month
now so any moment we're going to find
out that aliens are real and they are in
space and sending us
messages or not or not by the way I've
got a new hypothesis about the
moon did you know that some people
speculate the Moon is hollow and might
actually be an alien
spaceship because it turns out there's a
whole thing whole bunch of stuff about a
moon that is not typical for a moon it's
too big it's it's a orbit is you know
too close to a circle not exact but it's
too close it's the the uh uh the uh
the spots where the uh the meteors have
hit it are all the same depth as if it
has some kind of hard shell underneath
the dust you know a whole bunch of weird
things about it that don't make sense oh
the the density of the moon is way on a
whack with its size which also suggests
it might be Hollow now I'm not going to
say I believe all of that however I did
find out that the did you know this that
the
biggest um crater
on the moon is on the dark side did you
know that there's this enormous crater
on the dark side um all right here's my
hypothesis that the aliens that we see
today are coming from the Moon inside
the moon base so they've been there for
13,000 years and not only that but the
reason the dark side of the moon has a
gigantic
crater and here I'm I'm adding this for
recreational speculation is because the
people who are in that spaceship were
instrumental in guiding the evolution
and the let's say the advancement of
humankind from our earliest days say
13,000 years ago in the younger dras
period and at one point they saved the
planet from a meteor strike
by moving the moon which was really
their spaceship which was
impenetrable in in the uh in the path of
the meteor so they basically took a
meteor out to stop the Earth from being
destroyed because it was their it was a
thing they were
nurturing how about that I'm not saying
there's any evidence for that I'm just
saying wouldn't it be cool if the moon
were Hollow full of aliens they've been
here for tens of thousands of years
guiding human evolution that's the
reason all of our myths have these
aliens who are in space and uh they
saved the world at least once with their
advanced technology and they're sending
out uaps that look like orbs and the
reason that we can't figure out where
they're coming from is they're coming
from the Moon inside the moon yeah maybe
well in other news um the following
companies appear to
be uh buying or creating their own
nuclear energy so companies have now
announced they're going to go nuclear
meaning that for their own products they
need nuclear power is I believe Amazon
Google Microsoft and
Oracle now I could use a fact check on
that but I think all four companies have
now announced that they're getting in
the nuclear power business Direct IR ly
or indirectly in the sense that they
need it to be paired with their products
because AI needs a whole bunch of
electricity crazy crazy amount and I'd
like to tell you
that the uh the movement of these major
companies toward nuclear energy is the
beginning of the golden age now you can
see the Tumblers falling into place all
over nuclear power becoming not just
something to to talk talk about and
something to argue about not something
that divides the country but in fact a
huge uniting factor which is the biggest
factor of the future in our success I
would argue that the countries that do
the best over time are the ones with the
best energy situation now you also need
some luck and some geography and
population stuff to be on your side but
generally speaking in the modern world
Whoever has the most energy is going to
be the winner of everything economics
Wars everything else so having our best
and brightest going hard into that uh
nuclear
domain really does signal the beginning
of something so amazing that I don't
even know that we can completely grasp
where we're heading because if you add
Ai and robots to almost unlimited
electricity what's left
you're pretty close to solving all of
your problems at that point and we seem
we seem to have a clear path to getting
there the biggest problem would be
getting in our own way government
regulations do you know what would solve
that Trump and Elon
Musk the only things that could keep us
from dominating the world in nuclear
energy and therefore you know keeping
our place as America as a standard for
what a country should
be is probably a lot of
regulations and we are just a few weeks
away we hope from putting in place
everything we need to get to the Golden
Age and uh if you don't think it's the
Golden Age then you don't know that the
dilber 2025 calendar that you see over
my shoulder there is already available
for pre-sale yeah last year no no dilber
calendar but this year it's back but you
can only get it at the link at
dilbert.com you cannot get it on Amazon
or any bookstore or any other site at
amazon.com you'll s you'll see the link
to the sales it's the only place you can
get it also the uh my update of my book
wind bigly is out now that's on Amazon
so you can get that the normal way and
uh it's an update on persuasion if you
really want to understand how Trump can
bring the Golden Age which he is
you want to read wind bigley Second
Edition all right apparently uh the FBI
just uh updated its crime statistics and
has reversed from crime was down to
crime is up three weeks before the
election do you hear that that's a
tumbler falling into
place now the Tumblr is an you know sort
of a lock or a combination safe the
Tumblers or the internal connections or
the internal uh little gears and
mechanisms so uh that just fell into
place so it looks like we've got some
nuclear power in our future maybe some
aliens discovered in Space the dilber
calendar for 2025 and crime statistics
have been corrected which should have
the effect of giving us a president
Trump and all the solutions we need
meanwhile Elon Musk announced that
tomorrow night through Monday he's going
to be giving a series of talks
throughout Pennsylvania they're free you
just have to sign something that says
you like the first and second amendment
I guess
now Elon
Musk is taking time off from running the
most important companies in America well
in some sense
and he's all
in this is what going all in looks like
when the richest man in the world who's
got the most on the line the biggest
risk one of the most capable people 200
million followers when he tells you
we're not going to lose
Pennsylvania because he's going to make
sure
personally
click did you hear that that's another
Tumblr just fell into place
well there's a Nobel economics prize was
awarded and don't say the the the Nobel
prize in economics please people please
no it's called the Nobel economics prize
it is not the Nobel prize in economics
slightly different in ways that don't
make any difference to anybody but if
you'd like to be an NPC you should
always point that out when anybody
mentions the topic of the Nobel
economics prize so if I mention swimming
the NPCs should say it's the best form
of exercise if I mention a new form of
food the NPCs must you must you're
programmed to say soil and green it's
soil and green if somebody suggests
building a new and better form of
housing the NPC is must you are
programmed to do it say I will not live
in a tiny house even though tiny houses
are not the topic those are the ways to
be an NPC so just remember Nobel
economics prize started screaming there
is no Nobel economic Prize or Nobel
Prize anyway so it was awarded for
Research into why countries succeed or
fail and uh the bottom line was the
societies with a poor rule of law and
institutions that exploit the population
do not generate growth or change for the
better now
you probably know what I'm going to
say you could have just asked
me I mean it would have saved a lot of
time and I would not have even required
any kind of Nobel economics prize would
you call the Nobel Prize for economics
incorrectly no you could have just asked
me hey Scott what makes a country fail
and I'd say well how about if all the
institutions in the country are
corrupt really so if all the
institutions in the country are working
against the population you're saying
that that would make you less successful
and I'd say I know I know you could
study it but I'm pretty sure that's
going to be what's going to come out of
that is that your institutions are all
broken but here's the fun
part why are they broken
oh turns out somebody's going to have to
do a little extra work and maybe get get
themselves a uh a much better economic
Nobel economics prize if they can figure
out what exactly causes some societies
to have a poor rule of law huh is there
any
correlation between countries that have
a good rule of law and countries that
have a poor rule of law
yeah you're not allowed to ask that
question
next uh why do
we why do we some people thrive when
others fall behind such science
says um did you know that our happiness
is influenced only if there are people
around us who are doing
worse if you're hanging out with people
who are all doing better than
you what happens you you're unhappy
because you're like why am I not doing
as good as everybody else and it turns
out that you need a few people who are
doing worse than you or you won't be
happy so they did a study on
that people
people you didn't need to do that
study just ask just ask me next time yes
you can't be you can't be happy if
everybody around you is doing better you
didn't really need to do that study you
could have just asked me see you a lot
of
time well you know I've been talking
about the uh the app perplexity which is
sort of a replacement for Google search
but way better user interface and New
York Times was suing them for using the
New York Times content in some way they
thought was inappropriate The Wall
Street Journal has joined has joined
that fight also going after them so this
is pretty interesting fight so you got
Jeff Bezos who's backing
perplexity but he's Up Against the Wall
Street Journal and the New York Times um
who's missing let's see the biggest
newspapers biggest newspapers you got
the Wall Street
Journal you got the New York Times
what's that other big newspaper that's
often mentioned in the news oh The
Washington Post The Washington Post
would be the rounding out the big three
but the Washington Post is not suing
perplexity
I wonder why what do perplexity in the
Washington oh that's right Bezos owns
both of
them it seems to me that if the
Washington post covers all the big
stories and it's real
news that if you were the person who
owned both of them or had influence over
both of them you could just use the
Washington Post because it covers all
the same news right
unless you think the Washington Post is
fake news and then you wouldn't use it
as your single Source but it is better
to have multiple sources than single
sources I joke I kid and I don't know
how that's going to turn out it would be
hard to predict because it's all the
billionaires fighting each
other
anyway um how many of you saw the video
clips of uh was it Martha radic talking
to JD Vance on the question of
uh the problems from the Venezuelan
gangs and the apartment buildings uh
yesterday I sat on the show that JD
pulled a a clever
move uh on her and I said that radit
said that there were you know several
reports of instances of problems at
apartments and JD Vance kind of altered
that into saying that there were several
Apartments taken over
which is not what radish said she said
there were incidents that had been
handled and then JD said do you hear
what you're saying you're saying it's
not a problem if several Apartments have
been taken over and then I said aha that
was a clever move because she didn't say
several Apartments have been taken over
she said that there were several
instances at apartments set several
apartments and I said that's different
and then you said Scott you got that
story completely wrong and I saw it with
my own
eyes
correct how many am I am I correct so
far that I got it wrong when I said that
JD Advance was pulling a clever one you
know linguistically and that really he
was just saying what she said and there
was no cleverness he was just you know
he was right and she was wrong but there
was no no clever linguistic thing
involved so yesterday one of you sent it
to me me and said here it is to prove
that you got it wrong and then I watched
it and I thought no that's what I
said that's what I said that's not
wrong and then the person who sent it
said well I'm looking right at it and
listening to it
too it's wrong and then I looked at it
and said no I'm right so how can that
be do you know what the answer is it's a
rupar
you see you saw a fake edit they they
did exactly to radit the I guess the
Republicans did to radit exactly what
was done to Trump on a number of
occasions there are there are two famous
hoaxes where there was a little bit of
ambiguity
ambiguity but the ambiguity was
completely solved if you waited to the
last statement in the fine people hoax
Trump's last statement was but I'm not
talking about the neonazi and the races
if you take that out it leaves the
ambiguity that well maybe he was but he
was very clear in saying not when it was
when uh the hoax about the drinking
bleach happened and everybody said he's
not talking about light as a
disinfectant that's because the edit
took out his setup that he was talking
about light and then also took out his
closing statement where he clarified he
was talking about light if you take them
out the ambiguity remains and you could
interpret it the wrong
way I believe the last thing that rage
said was we're talking about a handful
of
incidents so that was the clarifier at
the end that got cut off so instead of
Apartments taking over she was always
talking about incidents which was across
several Apartments but never not once
did radit acknowledge the several
Apartments had been taken over by gangs
JD
Vance added sort of the Takeover part
but then when radic went to give the
final
clarification of but we're only talking
about a handful of
incidents that part got cut off so you
don't know that in the end she was
clarifying that we're not talking about
apartment
takeovers Accord by the way she was just
quoting the local officials so she's
just saying they say is just incidents
now in my
opinion uh I'm 100%
right and that JD Vance was very clever
in trying to take a handful of incidents
across several apartments and turned it
into several apartment complexes have
been taken over by gangs now I don't
know what really happened by the way it
if it's true that several gangs took
took over several apartments that would
be then then JD's um reframe is 100%
accurate however they were not talking
about the same thing that's my only
point so I'm not talking about what's
true that's a different topic I don't
know what's true I'm saying that one was
claiming that there were incidents and
another was claiming the several
Apartments were completely taken over by
gangs not the same topic that's my only
point now if if you're disagreeing with
me violently right now and I know you
are you have to go find the full the
full video If you see the one that's on
social media they clip out the the
clarifiers so that's what's
happening all right um there are some
bipartisan lawmaker type people trying
to extend tele tele medicine now you
might know this story because I'm part
of it uh when the pandemic happened uh
president Trump put out the word through
his extensive network of of supporters
and and people that if they had any
ideas for executive orders that would
just be a good idea during this pandemic
that he was open to
suggestions
so um I heard of this and I said oh I
got one we need to make a tele medicine
available across state lines because
currently it's limited you'd have to be
a doctor in that state to provide you
know phone service to somebody and I
said let's just get rid of that because
people won't be able to go to the doctor
in person as
much and so my suggestion made it into
the the system and within hours I got
feedback that um it was accepted and I
think just Days Later president Trump
signed it now I I like to use this
example I've got several examples like
this where people always say well one
person can never make a difference yes I
can they totally can one person can
absolutely make a difference now
unfortunately it got reversed because
after the pandemic was over there were
various you know monetary and Licensing
entities that wanted things back the old
way so it kind of drifted back the old
way and now there are some uh bipartisan
bipartisan is the most important part of
the story because there's no real reason
in terms of the public good why you
shouldn't allow tele medicine to
flourish there's just no reason
especially with AI and everything
else so you might say who exactly is
against it well it turns out that the
DEA The Drug Enforcement
Administration uh wants to limit what
kind of prescriptions can be given over
the phone because they worry that this
will become like an illegal way for
doctors to easily prescribe illegal
illegal you know like uh painkillers and
stuff like that uh Aderall things that
things that they want to really control
and I think that they're I I would say
two things number one is it true that
tele medicine would increase the
likelihood that there would be fake
prescriptions which would be very deadly
my answer is
probably
probably um and then I say does that is
that enough of a problem to prevent
doctors from operating across state
lines to which I say I don't think so I
think I'd much rather have doctors
operating across state lines much rather
because whatever it is that they're
doing over the phone to make these
prescriptions how would it not be also
back in
person I well I suppose if there's a bad
actor then the bad actor could reach
more people more easily so that would be
valid but I think Freedom requires that
we take that chance and I don't think
the DEA should be in the business of
doctoring uh if the doctors said it's a
bad idea I would listen to their reasons
and doctors might not love it because it
would increase their competition and
lower their wages uh um but if they have
a reason that has something to do with
the public I would listen to the doctors
I'm not sure I'm not sure that I want
the DEA even if they're right and I
think they might be right it would
increase the abuse but I still think the
doctors need to make that
call uh and in this case the bipartisan
uh folks who are trying to get it
done um I don't think I wrote down the
names of the bipartisan groups but uh
the hill is reporting on this by the way
Joseph
Choy uh did you know this I did not
expect according to ABC Action News six
that uh opioid overdose
antidotes um Rose
43% from 2020 to 2022 now that means the
um if somebody's passed out and ready to
die from an overdose of fentanyl or some
other opioid you give them the what's it
called
the forget what it's called Uh you all
know what it is the noeline what's that
called
noeline naly what's the name of the
antidote for
fentanyl nexum lamine or Naran there we
go Naran thank
you I'm really bad at Medical names
Naran so Naran I believe is now over the
counter so so I would recommend and I
have recommended this before that every
household should have
two now the reason that I'm saying two
is because I'm told reliably good
sources that it's not it's not uh rare
that you need the second
dose so the the one Naran sometimes
maybe 20% of the time it's it's a
healthy number of times isn't enough so
you just need that second one right
there now I would say that in your
neighborhood you should be
organized you should be on a WhatsApp
group for your neighborhood if you're
not already you should get that going
and then if somebody has a OD you can
just get on your app and say Naran now
here's my address and there should be
five neighbors who show up with it
within a
minute I mean we could have that world
it would take a lot of organ ing but
apparently it's worked so well that the
overdose death slightly
decreased slightly
decreased now slight decrease doesn't
excite me but it had been going up every
year so good job everybody on the
nuran good good job you know that this
is one of those Golden Age
situations where the in many ways it it
looks like largely the public organized
to make this happen so this is a case
where the government can only do so much
there's just so much one of the things
they could do is make it available over
the counter and I think the government
did that in enough states where it makes
a difference so the government can get
out of the
way but when it comes to the overdose
deaths that's all they can do they can
just get out of the way and nothing else
really it's got to be somebody that's
standing within 20 ft of them uh or
doesn't
work although the police and First
Responders have done a great job with an
Narcan as
well uh apparently SpaceX has plans to
make starlink up to 10 times faster
there a whole bunch of little tweaks
they'd have to do uh it involves some
satellites that only the big Starship
could take up CU nothing else would be
heavy enough and some changes in the
altitude and some other tweaks but if
they did that they'd get at 10 times
faster speed so they'd be up to gigabit
per second and low latency now if you're
not enough of a nerd to know what a big
deal that is that would mean that
anybody anywhere could have really fast
internet just with a phone if you're
within if you're within you know you'd
have to have the starlink base station
of course but if you had the base
station you're good to go
just about anywhere now this this change
take a while to get this change um if
you're looking at it from my business
model
perspective uh I think I've told you
that I'm strongly considering getting a
starlink base station as a backup so it
wouldn't be my main one because I do a
lot of live streaming and you know I
like the fastest of the fast speeds so I
wouldn't use it because I've got a
faster ground speed and I use it for
business so it matters
but if the power goes out and I can
power the base station with a portable
generator and the internet itself is
still alive in any sense it could be an
amazing emergency backup system so I'm
strongly considering getting it as a
backup
but if they go to gigabit per second
which again is not right
away then I would really look at it as
seriously as my only uh my only system
so that's a gigantic deal um I remind
you that I'm an investor in Tesla but
not
SpaceX all right uh North Korea is
getting active in a way that looks
puzzling and scary so there are two
separate stories about North Korea and
both of them have a similar bad vibe to
them number one North Korea allegedly
just blew up the railways between South
and North Korea so that there's less
chance of an
invasion so it sounds like North Korea
is concerned about war or is ready to
start one with South Korea now
apparently the issue is
Iran so it looks like North Korea wants
to back Iran so if Iran gets
attacked they warning that they would
get into the fight with I don't know who
South Korea who who exactly they can
attack if Iran gets into a war so I
assume that's because of a trading
trading relationship with Iran I assume
that's why they would do that so to me
it looks a little Bluff
likee um because you know North Korea's
big on the Bluster so it feels Bluff
likee I don't I don't expect they're
going to attack South Korea and I don't
expect South Korea is going to attack
them
but at the same time a separate story
apparently Russia is using North Korean
Fighters and they're organizing and
training them they're called the buet
Battalion so 3,000 North Koreans and I
assume that means as
mercenaries so just think about how bad
off North Korea is
economically do you think that North
Korea is going to start selling the
young men as Mercenaries
cuz it kind of looks like that which by
the way if you're in North Korea and
you're starving to death you know maybe
taking a chance at Living by being a mer
mercenary I mean it's not a very good
chance but it might be better than
starving so I'm wondering if this is
nothing but uh an economic decision by
North Korea it could be that for
economic reasons they blew up the
railway to make it look like a bigger
threat so Iran would be feel safer Maybe
ran said we won't you we won't sell you
something or we won't buy something
unless you do this and uh maybe they're
so starved for money that if they don't
sell their young men as
mercenaries they can't keep afloat so
the
economic Devastation in North
Korea is
now starting to influence world events
in two different Wars I didn't see that
coming now of course Trump has already
said he can fix
and you know what's funny about
that Trump can fix
us you don't you don't even have to
wonder about it do you think Trump could
talk to Kim Jong-un and make sure that a
war doesn't break out that that Kim
Jong-un has something to do with it yeah
yeah I think he could I think he could
and and largely because I think North
Korea is operating from a uh an
economic you know point of distress so
Trump could say what do you need we'd
love you to have a good economy we
offered before we're going to help you
and then they might say well you know
we're getting blackmailed in this one
domain now it could be that China has
enough control over North Korea that you
know North Korea is just being a puppet
and there's nothing you can do but I
would certainly say that it if if we
have one person in America who could
solve North Korea causing
trouble who you going to call you going
to call KL
Harris is she is she your go-to for
North Korea when Trump is the most
famously successful North Korea Diplomat
of all time like nobody's even
close
click there it is there's another
tumbler falling into place North Korea
just said Trump's your Only
Hope North Korea see didn't see that
coming did
you meanwhile Trump continues to read
the room perfectly you know as I've been
advocating for a while that he should go
to a black barber shop uh but it doesn't
have to be a barber shop obviously you
maybe he wouldn't want to get a haircut
um but just going retail where where
they're just ordinary citizens and
apparently next week he's going to
officially work at McDonald's in
Pennsylvania now how much do I love that
you you you give me video of trump just
interacting with average people who go
to McDonald's the staff plus plus the
people coming in to buy and I I can't
get enough of
that that's something he does so
well that it's incredible by the way you
know there's um I told the story of Bill
Clinton going into I think it was
McDonald's and he was confused with Joe
Biden by the by the woman who was
working at the cash cash register but
when she found out who he was uh I
didn't tell you this yesterday so so
first of all just imagine the picture
she's a a black maybe 20ish year old
woman and she finds out that it's Bill
Clinton and she runs out from behind the
cash register and fully Embraces him giv
gives him a full body hug and then
doesn't let go of him the entire time
they're like taking pictures and stuff
and you know and Clinton's got his hands
around her and I got to tell you this
whole Charisma
thing there's no replacement for it Bill
Clinton has the Charisma still has it
100 years old he's just got the Charisma
like the the fact that somebody felt
comfortable running out and giving a
full Embrace to to this ex-president
just cuz he walked in the door it was
kind of a
lovely like sort of a beautiful moment
just because it was so sincere like
people don't
hug they don't touch each other that
much unless it's real so it was real in
both directions so Clinton to his to his
credit you know often called the first
black president boy does he have a way
he just has a way and you can't deny it
you just had a away away with people um
and and you can see why he would be a
sex addict because I think women just
threw themselves at him I mean maybe
some he uh he was a little too
aggressive with that's another
story but uh I think Trump has the same
Golden Touch and we've seen it a million
times you you give me Trump in the
middle of ordinary working people and uh
you're just going to see magic it's like
a guaranteed smart thing to do now
compare that to a KL Harris's planned KL
Harris as well as Trump plans to go on
Joe Rogan
show okay which one is a better campaign
idea Trump goes to McDonald's
A++ or KLA Harris goes to Joe
Rogan oh
no now it feels like a hail marry pass
because how in the world is that going
to work out for KLA Harris it's almost
as if she doesn't have an idea idea what
other people say about her or think
about her maybe has never seen a Joe
Rogan
podcast now others have said you know
she'll be fine because Joe Rogan's you
know going to be a gentle um
interviewer yes and
no yes and no he will be gentle in the
sense of being polite and he will be
gentle in the sense of not being a
flaming biased you know right Wing
flamethrower CU he's not that's not who
he is but if you give me you know a
2hour
conversation with a reasonable person
who has reasonable questions and is
willing to you know press to get an
answer and kamla Harris I think that can
only go one
way really really
bad so you know here here's your
microcosm of the entire uh campaign
Trump doing the smartest thing you'll
ever see in a campaign and Harris doing
something that I think is clearly a
mistake clearly a mistake when was the
last time she did an interview and
people said well she nailed it that'll
that'll make her numbers go up she
doesn't have that ability so Trump is
going into a situation that is perfectly
fit to his
talents Harris will go into a situation
which is a disaster area for her
specific talents and she has talents too
I'm not saying she's untalented just not
that definitely not that thing she gives
good speeches so do more of that if you
know if I'm
adviser all right what else
um Harris went on Charlamagne the
God and uh Charlamagne said uh gave her
a little push back said doesn't the
Biden Administration have to take some
blame for the Border though a lot of the
blame you good for him he he didn't just
say a blame he said a lot of the blame
the first three years he did all a lot
of things
wrong com Harris's answer
was don't you understand that as soon as
we got in there we proposed this border
Bill and uh and then I guess she got
away with that now here's the problem
with somebody like Charlamagne the god
having access to the top political
figures I take it from The Exchange that
Charlemagne doesn't know that that
proposed border bill was a
fraud so anybody listening to it just
heard you know one of the strongest
accusations against her which was made
exactly right by Charlamagne you've been
there three years everything fell apart
under you now if you heard
that and that's all you heard you'd be
like oh yeah that's that's terrible but
if you let her go on and say oh this
border bill it was only the Republicans
who said no and you didn't realize that
it was really a mass amnesty Bill and
then and that it wouldn't have fixed
anything it just would have guaranteed
that a massive amount of people would
come in the opposite of what people want
so if Charlemagne didn't know and the
indication is he didn't know that her
answer was a non-responsive answer
because it was a Bill that
nobody was going to pass
he's done he's done a bad service to the
Country Now does the regular news do a
good service to the country no you know
not if it's
MSNBC I would say that CNN again I'm
going to give them credit lately they
seem to be showing both sides of a lot
of different topics and I I just have to
give them that that you know there's
still a lot of bias but everybody's you
know all the networks have some bias but
at least if you're a show
sides that counts if if you're going to
have
access because you're a celebrity and
you've got a lot of poll if you have
access to the top politicians and you
didn't know that the Border bill was a
fraud you are doing a disservice to the
country because I don't even think
Charlamagne will get what he wants
because Charlamagne wants the border to
be secured as do I as do you and the
person who is least likely to do it just
got away with a massive massive lie in
effectively a lie and he couldn't catch
it that is a really dangerous situation
so I do like the public figures who are
just you know public personalities like
Charlamagne I do like them talking to
the politicians because you get a you
know you get a different look but man
you got to be careful if you get into
the policy that deeply you know may
maybe it's better if you're going to
talk to a
celebrity uh or or somebody who's not
like that deeply into the news uh if you
talk to Jimmy Kimmel or something you
can talk about your favorite food I'm
okay with that you know what's your
favorite band fine fine as long as we
know this is for entertainment and just
you know a different look at the
personality that's
fine anyway
um and then they agreed Charlamagne and
Harris that Trump was a fascist
I would like Brett Bear when he talks to
KL Harris because that's agreed to
that's going to happen I'd like to ask
him to explain the definition of a
fascist and then to explain why Trump
fix fits that
definition but without using any
hoaxes so when she says well he said
he's going to be a dictator for well no
that's that was just hyperbole he just
said one day
that's not anything to do with fascism
well but he also said he's going to use
the military to take down his his uh
enemies well no no that's actually a
hoax here's what really happened uh but
he said the fine people well no no
that's a hoax but he said he would well
no that's a
hoax so if he could do that that would
be a great service but you know this
whole he's a fascist thing oh my God
nobody even knows what that word means
and it's still is still the leading word
in
politics some people know what it some
people do know what it means but they
still pretend they don't when they use
it anyway uh there's a study by Dylan
buroughs
rsbn is writing about this that RFK
Junior voters are mostly not mostly but
um they're moving toward Trump
uh or to say it better there's a strong
bias toward the if they're going to move
to one of the candidates more of them
are moving to Trump and it could be a
big deal could be a big deal I think a
lot of people were parking their vote
with RFK Jr so that they could stay on
the
conversations do you know that do you
know anybody who did that so for months
and months it wasn't that
important um what your opinion was cuz
you weren't weren't that close to the
election so a lot of
people the the in the the YouTube
comments the all caps Lucky Gal is
yelling you got it wrong without any
indication of what it
is so we've got the all caps drunken
morning users you got it all
wrong whatever it was we don't even know
what the topic was you got it all
wrong so um let's let's get more drunk
in all capital screaming in the comments
so let's put your stupidity at full
force bringing
on
anyway speaking of CNN they did a a
critical look at K Harris's record as a
prosecutor now just what I said so CNN
again I'm going to give you credit you
you showed the negative side of a
candidate and they weren't too impressed
and uh talked about some controversial
things that she did that I'm not too
interested in I'm not going to discuss
them but I will say the CNN gave her a
sort of a a checkered
Mark for her prosecutor um work and I
don't think they had to did they what
was there anything really pressing
CNN to I won't call it a hit piece but
it was a negative piece on on Harris do
have youever ever seen
MSNBC run any package that was negative
to the Democrat I don't think I've ever
seen it not even once but CNN did CNN
did and I'm not sure if fox has ever
done a negative on
Trump although there are lots of fox
personalities who have criticized them
on individual things that's true so I
will give them
that anyway that's good um see 's Harry
enton who also is doing a a great job as
a explainer of polls he seems completely
unbiased in his presentation which is
impressive actually um he says that
Trump is leading Harris by 177% with
Hispanic men under
45
click tumbler is falling into
place
um and he and he might be the the best
president and I don't know since Nixon
or something with black voters as a
republican
candidate so it's all clicking in now
but of course there's a new poll the
Marist poll uh
inexplicably or is it showing that
Harris is up five in in the National
poll of Five Points over Trump do you
believe that the last poll showed Harris
was up two so this would suggest that
Harris is not only doing better lately
according to this one poll but a lot
better is that what you're
seeing now the Marist poll some say is a
very credible
pole some say so in uh let's see how
credible they were in
2016 so at the end of
September um so that would be uh 3 weeks
difference three weeks difference they
had Clinton leaving leading Trump by
seven points
nationally what was the final the final
was maybe three does anybody remember
Clinton did win the the national vote
the popular vote did she win it by
three all anyway the point is uh don't
believe any
pollsters and uh I believe that uh
Marist was Tred up by the end so that
there final their final number before
the election was actually pretty close
to the actual
election uh but their number just weeks
before the election wasn't very close
now have I told you a million times that
in October is where everybody who wasn't
close is you know it looks like maybe
they're taking one last shot but if you
think that by election day meist is
going to have a poll that has Harris up
by five I'm telling you you don't
understand how things work
on Election Day meist is not going to
have a poll that says Harris is up by
five that that's not going to
happen so surprise me make me wrong
we'll
see all right Biden Harris Department of
Justice is suing a bunch of first
responder groups in uh four states
Maryland uh in Indiana North Carolina
Georgia and it's for discriminating in
the tests to become a first responder so
they say that the uh the basic math
skills are discriminatory because it
discriminates against black
candidates and the fitness test
discriminates against female
applicants so very
unfair did we lose all the comments from
locals let me reboot that I lost it on
my end so you may have lost it on your
end as
well let's see
can we make that
work T the 16th huh well there's
something different happening
here all right there we go comments are
back if you're not getting comments on
the locals app just
reboot anyway so so that's happening and
apparently cash awards were paid to the
black employees who failed the written
test that's the
punchline so there were black candidates
who took the written test and
failed and they just got paid for
failing the
test
so what are we
doing how's that what kind of world are
we living
in we're just giving people a big cash
payment for failing a test
anyway
anyway
um Trump went on a Bloomberg event where
he talked in front of some big group and
got interviewed on stage and uh the
Bloomberg editor blasted KL Harris
before he began for not accepting their
invitation now keep in mind these big
media groups are these Legacy dying
dinosaur groups they need to fight to be
seen as the place a top candidate must
go to before you run for president I
think the larger story here is that the
big Legacy press is not important so
when you tell me that somebody didn't
talk to Time Magazine 20 years ago I
would say well that's a huge mistake you
got to talk to Time Magazine but in
2024 this doesn't really matter if you
talk to Time magazine in 2024 does it
matter if you talk to
Newsweek no does it matter if you talk
to
Bloomberg not really not
really so but Trump did which makes him
look good and then uh Bloomberg you know
blasted Harris for not doing it but it's
really not about Harris is it if you ask
me Harris is smart to skip this event
because it wouldn't be one that she
would excel at so why do it but it would
be good for Bloomberg because then they
could say we're important and we can get
the big stuff and look at all our
clicks so just think about that that was
more about Bloomberg talking about
Bloomberg that and trying to survive as
a dinosaur
media but Trump did well in that Eclipse
I
saw um Mark helin uh veteran smart
political what would you call it analyst
I'm not sure adviser I'm not sure his
many hats but anyway he was he was on
tuer
Carlson and he
says um he predicts that if Trump wins
it'll be the the psychological collapse
in the Democratic party will be the
greatest Mental Health crisis in the
history of the country and that it will
be massive therapy and acting out
Etc again
you could have just asked
anybody obviously we we saw what
happened in 2016 do you think less of
that's going to happen this time no it
will be a massive massive mental health
problem and it will be the people who
don't understand where they are or
what's
happening now one of my best predictions
of all time maybe the best was that when
uh Trump entered the race in
2015 just just think about when this was
said I said that Trump as a master
Persuader as I called them would change
more than
politics I said he would change how we
even saw reality
itself anybody anybody want to tell me
that that was
accurate did Trump change how you saw
reality
itself yes and that's the reason that
there would be a massive Mental Health
crisis if he wins because the
reality is so so so uneven like we're
not even living in the same planet
anymore and that's new that happened
since Trump came on board yes um helper
is completely correct
here helperin also had the story of how
Nancy Peli allegedly got Biden out of
the race
so it was a combination of threatening
to cut off all the fundraisers because
she could simply talk to the fundraisers
and say don't give him any more money
and he wouldn't really be able to run a
race without the big checks and then
said that uh uh she' she'd basically
make sure people didn't endorse him so
he wouldn't get the big endorsements
that you kind of depend on that would be
a bad look uh but if he left that they
would celebrate his successes and call
him George Washington and make him a
superstar in
history
so that makes sense I mean I don't know
if that's 100% true because you know
it's people talking to people talking to
people but it sure fits I mean if it's
not exactly true it feels like it's
probably mostly
true anyway so let's uh let's do the
list of things that K Harris thinks that
black men are unable to do uh KL Harris
thinks that black men can't figure out
how to get an
ID uh she thinks they don't understand
the news about Trump being a fascist so
they got to tell them uh thinks that
they she must think that they don't have
priorities straight because most people
think the economy is the big priority
and Trump's the obvious choice there um
she needs she says they need help with
crypto but only black people only black
men actually so only black men need help
with
crypto that's pretty condescending and
by the way if you spent one minute in
crypto you know that that's not
true crypto is one of the most uh open
available to
everybody thing you've ever seen in your
life that do you know anybody who's
black who wants to get into crypto who
can't figure out how to do it doesn't
know who to
ask the blacks are doing fine I mean
that's just you know
anecdotally my observation is it's a
it's a very
egalitarian
domain uh but KL Harris doesn't think so
and she thinks that uh black men need a
affirmative action to get jobs to
compete so I if I were a black man I
would just hate this cuz she's
just all about you guys can't get ahead
you know why can't you get an ID why
don't you understand crypto why can't
you get a job like everybody else I mean
this is seriously
seriously
racist it's just
racist how about you treat everybody as
an
individual and then there will be black
individuals who do great in all domains
and there will be white individuals who
do great sometimes and don't do great
other times how about we just treat them
like people how about that how about
everybody who needs help with crypto
gets it how about
that I'd like to spend part of today by
tradition uh misunderstanding tariffs
would anybody like to join me in
misunderstanding
tariffs so let me explain what I think
is
true and then since we all disagree
about everything you'll tell me how I
got it all
wrong here's what I think is true I
posted this today
um I said' Let's Pretend Republicans and
Democrats disagree on when to use
tariffs so we have to pretend they
disagree that's the first part of the
conversation if if you don't know that
Democrats and Republicans completely
agree including Trump they're all on the
same page if you don't know that then
you can't do the pretend conversation
where you pretend that there's a
difference so the spoiler is there's no
disagreement
there is no disagreement between
Democrats and Republicans on when you
should use a tariff and when you should
not there never has been and maybe there
never will
be right but we're going to pretend
there is because I guess that's what we
do I guess we pretend there is a
disagreement
so question number one does Trump treat
tariffs as if they are an income stream
for America as if as if the other
country is paying a check to America and
we're making money does does Trump
describe
tariffs as making money for America
that's coming from other countries does
he do that because that would be
incorrect right because the the the
entity that pays the Tariff is the
American company that was trying to or
the American Consumer but it would be
Americans who are paying I guess it
would be the American company and then
that would be pass
along but he does say that right I I
watched him yesterday at the Bloomberg
thing and and
and separate from what he thinks is true
separate from what he thinks is
true he does talk like he believes that
and people do hear it like it's free
money now go hold that thought I'm going
I'm going to circle back to it hold the
thought
that Trump acts like it's free money
coming from some outside
source and it's not it's
not it's America paying
America um now here's the next question
Will trump use tariffs as a threat to
negotiate better trade terms well yes
yes he will Trump will use the threat of
tariffs to negotiate better um terms
would uh would Joe Biden do that well he
has
tariffs so yes yes both sides believe
that tariffs are a negotiation
tool for international trade how do I
know that because both are doing it
they're both doing it in a very big way
so there's no question about whether
they both think it's good for
negotiating they're both doing
it um
next do you think uh that because Trump
acts like the Tariff is just making free
money does that give him an advantage in
negotiating or a
disadvantage is it a disadvantage
because it's like not understanding it
or something or is it an advantage
because whoever you negotiating
with thinks they're competing with free
money
here's where it gets
interesting and and here's a persuasion
lesson that goes deep this will be
deeper than the surface stuff you that
you see about persuasion oh repetition
is good that's good too but I'm going to
take you to a deeper
level the best negotiating trick you
could ever have is to be
irrational in a way that the person
you're dealing with thinks they can't
fix that that's what Trump does with
negotiating and with
tariffs imagine you're the negotiator
and you come in and say hey you don't
put a tariff on me and Trump says why
not it's free money everybody loves free
money I'll get reelected I'll tell
everybody you gave me a billion dollars
they'll love me I'll have everything I
want and we'll have some free money and
then the person negotiating says that's
not free money that's you telling an
American company to pay extra taxes
basically it's a tariff but it's like a
tax and so that's not true then Trump
says it's free money I'm going to take
the free money unless you give me the
deal I want and then the person say it's
not free money it's not free
money and then Trump says all right I'll
take the free money so you you know
you don't have a deal no we need a deal
we need a deal but you have to
understand I'm not competing against
free money you're just taking money from
Americans and giving it to Americans I'm
not giving you the money and then Trump
says great we don't have a deal no but I
need a deal I have to have a deal well
you better give me a hell of a deal
because you're competing with free money
I'm not competing with free money it's
not free
money I told everybody in America is
free
money you're competing with free
money and guess what they're competing
with free
money he just creates it out of nothing
it if if the people negotiating with
Trump believes that he
believes that it's free money which he
couldn't possibly
believe they're going to surrender
because they need a deal and they don't
know how to get past that
hump now if you think I'm making this up
that this is a valid well understood
negotiating point I'm not making it up
it's what I've talked and written about
before I've used it
uh there was a negotiation well I'll
tell you the
negotiation at the end of my um one of
my
syndication um license deals not license
but syndication deals uh the the first
were went for I think 15 years now at
the end of 15 years I had you know I had
a lot of Market power compared to my
syndication company and so when it was
time to
renegotiate I thought whoa I'm going to
get a higher percentage and get a few
extra things because it's been you know
a little lopsided the other way for
years and then I was told oh you may
have forgotten that there was a clause
in your contract that if you go to
somebody else you still have to pay your
old company and I said wait what if I
don't do business with you at all and I
go to your competitor and I'm only
working with them I still owe you money
yeah that's what you signed 15 years ago
I
did and I had to look at it and sure
enough what an idiot I mean I mean maybe
I knew it at the time but I didn't
remember and so now they had to be
totally by the
balls totally by the balls economically
it didn't make sense to go anywhere else
it made sense to stay because I could
get a real good deal for staying
but I
said if you make if you keep that in
there
that is so outrageous I'm going to quit
the
business and they said what you would
never quit the business you're making
millions of dollars per year and you
can't go to the competition without
paying us so if you're not going to do
that you're definitely not going to quit
the business and I
said apparently you don't know me this
is so outrageous I will quit the
business and you're going to have to
explain to your partners why you lost
your biggest cartoonist I'm
out now did I mean
that
no of course I didn't mean that I'm not
going to give up millions of dollars for
for drawing you know silly little
pictures every day the best job ever but
did I
convince a very skilled negotiating
professional that I was absolutely
serious that I was going to do something
something that was batshit crazy yes I
did and did it work it did I ended up
staying with the company but they gave
me the terms that I
wanted later I left because there was a
merger and blah blah blah
but yeah this is a term a acting
irrational is negotiating now this isn't
the only entity this is not the only
case you've seen Trump act
irrational but it's an act you know when
when he tells uh Kim Jong-un that it's
going to be on a raining fire or
whatever I it's just all part of the
deal to act irrational you got to act
irrational or else people will think
they can keep
negotiating that that irrational wall is
really really
powerful so I can't read Trump's mind
but in my head I believe he does
understand uh tariffs and I do think
that he knows how to negotiate and will
you put underst ending of tariffs
together with knowing how to negotiate
at the highest level not just an
ordinary negotiator it looks like this
it looks like people saying why don't
you understand and then he'll just
continue to say what he says and things
will work
out New York Post says that uh that act
blue organization that collects money to
donate to
Democrats um there's a GOP strategist
who whose name and address I got I guess
got used for all the fake laundering of
money so the accusation is that act blue
they can't write legally they can't
write big checks um gigantic checks so
they have to pretend that they're
getting lots of little checks from
individuals and then it can go to the
politicians but if they
um so what they're doing is finding
people who probably don't pay attention
to politics at all taking their name and
pretending that they give money every
cycle along with lots of other fake
names and apparently there are number of
reports that it's quite clear that this
is just a money laundering organization
according to the
allegations I say that last a stand of
trouble anyway uh speaking of Joe Rogan
he was saying the other day that you
can't find a negative story about KL
Harris on Google Now that may be a
little bit of an exaggeration but not
much so look at our system that we have
so we've got the social media network is
totally biased we've got act blue which
is looks apparently corrupt we've got
every state passing uh laws that appear
to be only designed for riging elections
such as you don't have to check the ID
of people voting overseas for example
um and
uh it feels like you know the media is
biased the social media is biased the
funding is biased uh and we think that
the vote counting will all be
fair just hold that in your head like
here's the how how how stupid do you
have to be let me just set it up if you
knew for sure that the that the
political funding was totally
corrupt the mainstream media was totally
corrupt and you knew that Google and
social media except for X maybe is
totally
corrupt you knew that the you went
through the uh pandemic and you saw that
the medical uh Community is totally
corrupt because they have
bosses by the way anytime anybody has a
boss everything's corrupt because they
just have to do what their boss says
they can't do do what they think is
right so all of those things are totally
corrupt and we know that we also watch
the law fair being used against Trump
and even the appell courts are puking on
it we see the lawfare being used against
Elon Musk so we know that the um the
Department of Justice is totally
corrupt right so the funding is corrupt
the mainstream media is corrupt
the uh the social media is corrupt the
um what was the other thing I said
basically the the the experts are
corrupt so you have you have a a world
in which with
certainty all the big organizations are
corrupt and we're pretending that voting
is going to work and yeah that's fine oh
the Voting is good no it's
not it's not even close that you
remember when black lives matter we
thought it was real and then we found
out it's just scam and antifa went away
as soon as you know Biden was in office
scam if everything you know about is a
fraud you know even the the Border Bill
the Border bill was just a
fraud the you know every funding bill in
Congress is just a
fraud they're all just fraud but but the
elections are fine yeah the elections
are fine fine everything else is a fraud
but not those
elections ladies and gentlemen you would
have to be so stupid to think
that any of our elections had been real
in your
lifetime now they might have been in
some cases the actual outcome may have
matched what the majority of the voters
wanted but that would be a
coincidence you have to understand that
whatever gets some somebody elected has
nothing to do with the will of the
people sometimes it matches but that's
probably just an
accident do you ever wonder how a
populist like Reagan could get elected
if the if the Deep state is running
everything and they wouldn't want a
populist in
office could have anything to do with
the fact that Reagan said he would
rebuild the military and spend massive
amounts of money on the military
industrial complex and then he's the
most popular president two terms because
he spent the most on the military
industrial complex do you think that's a
coincidence maybe everything is exactly
what it looks like completely
corrupt anyway um Wall Street Journal
says the 66 economists are optimistic
about the uh you more optimistic than
not about the state of the
economy now I did not read the article
do you know why even though I love
things that economists say and it seems
like it'd be very important to know if
66 economists were leaning in a positive
position do you know why I did not read
that article because without reading it
I know the following there's not one of
those 66 who knows any solution for a
debt problem and the debt problem is
terminal meaning if you don't fix it
you're dead and nobody even has an idea
how to fix it do they
so if you're going to tell me 66
economists gave me an opinion about the
economy but didn't State you're all
doomed because there's no way to pay off
the debt I'm not going to listen to them
there's nothing they can tell me that
matters except do you know how to pay
off the debt if you know how and you're
not telling us well you're pretty messed
up Economist you should tell us if you
know if you don't know how that could
ever be fixed and you're still going in
public saying things will be
fine what kind of a corrupt lying piece
of are you no everything won't be
fine if you can't tell me there's some
way any way that the debt can be paid
off now I would like to dovetail from
that point to the following
point I believe that there are basically
four existential threats to America
let's see if you agree number one the
national
debt existential risk meaning it would
could destroy America like we wouldn't
even maybe it wouldn't even be called
America it would be so
bad um World War 3 you know let's say
the Ukraine situation specifically uh
maybe Iran uh turns into a bigger thing
that that could take out the whole world
I mean all it would take is one of those
entities deciding to take out our power
grid and we're in big
trouble uh the food supply food supply
is poisoned seems to be killing us
slowly and sometimes
quickly and the open
border if the Border stays as open or
even similarly open we're kind of out of
business now here's what's interesting
about all four of
them kamla Harris has no plan for any of
it and Trump has a solution for all
po how am I supposed to ignore that now
let me tell you the solutions the
national debt the only way the only way
you could even get a chance to address
that is if you have something like an
Elon Musk trying to make the government
more efficient so he can take a trillion
and a half dollars out of the spending
do you think anybody in the world could
take a trillion and a half out of the
spending probably only Elon Musk because
you're not going to be ble to go in and
say oh everybody cut 10% we'll be fine
they'll never work you're going have to
reinvent you you're going to have to say
suppose we didn't have a government and
we want to build one what would it look
like how much would it
cost it he's got to go that deep he's
got to go all the way to assume nothing
exists what would it look like if you
built it from
scratch short of that there is no
solution it's unsolved able short of
that but he's the one person in the
world who could do that and he's on
Trump's team so the biggest risk in the
country there's only one group that has
a plan and it's actually
feasible like you could actually
imagine that musk could make a deep
enough change in the system that you
would get a better government here's the
key very important you get a better
government at 10% of the cost have you
ever seen him do anything like that yeah
you you're probably on X he did he CAU
80% of the staff of X and made it way in
my opinion 10 times better so yes he can
do that he did it with rockets he can do
that how about the uh World War
II what do you think K Harris is going
to do about stopping or same thing she
and Biden have done so far far nothing
they they just like to sell them weapons
and talk do you think that
Trump uniquely among people would be
able to wrap up the Ukraine Russian war
yes I believe he could wrap that up and
just make a deal could Trump keep us
from having a major war with Iran I
think so I do think so so again
existential problem I don't see that the
as anything that looks like a workable
way to avoid that
risk
um number three the food supply RFK JR
could make a huge Improvement in the
food supply problem I don't see anybody
else who could and nobody else who
interested but but he's on Trump's
team the open borders um Trump can fix
it it's obvious that the Democrats even
if they pretend they care it's only for
the election
so the four biggest things national debt
World War II food suppli is poison in
the open
borders Trump assembled exactly the
right team out of all the people in the
world he ended up with the best the best
people to solve these problems of all
the people in the
world you know because Elon Musk isn't
like oh he's one of the good ones no
he's Elon
Musk there's only one and there's only
one RFK Jr and you need all of that
power you need all of that to make a
dent in this problems of this size but
they can do
it now I would say that uh we could also
complain about education the education
system um but I have some questions
about
that is our education broken everywhere
the education system or is it almost
entirely concentrated in U primary black
schools where the population is
primarily black do do we have do we have
one school system that's in trouble or
in effect two separate school systems
one one is neglected for whatever
reasons and one is chugging along okay
because it feels like it's the latter
but we always treat it like it's an
average but it's really just two systems
one a neglected broken underfunded
you know poor teachers every single
thing wrong that you could have wrong
with a school they tend to be
concentrated in black population
areas
um so I'm not sure that you can say
education's broken I think you could say
there's a pocket of Education that's
very broken and you need to do something
about that but I'm not sure it's just as
broken everywhere you know if I look at
the schools in my town for
example you know they're compared to
schools I I I would also say that
education is needs to be completely re
overhauled maybe AI will do that maybe
that'll fix a few things anyway the
hoaxes are in full swing The hoax about
Trump using the military I think you
should mock it and say all they have is
hoaxes I wouldn't even address it I I'm
not even sure anybody would take that
seriously but I would love to see Trump
talk to his citizen about the question
of whether he' use the military to get
rid of his enemies I don't want to see
MSNBC just claim it and have a guest
onto claim it I want to see Trump at
McDonald's and somebody say Mr Trump
they say you're going to use the
military against your enemies and just
watch him mock it say I'm not going to
use the military in the United
States no no I mean if there was an
emergency you'd do it but I'm not going
to use it to take out my enemies that's
not something that's going to happen
yeah the US military is now authorized
to kill Americans on us soil that's true
I don't know the context to that I hope
the only context was they wanted to make
sure if there was a terrorist who was an
American citizen that you didn't have to
treat them with kid gloves because
they're an American you know you could
treat them as a terrorist once you
realize they're just terrorists but I
also worry that that could be extended
and that maybe the point of it was for
somebody to kill Trump and make it legal
so I do worry about that Tim wals is
continuing his knucklehead theme he was
talking about JD Vance being a venture
capitalist and he said quote I don't
don't even know what a venture
capitalist does most of the
time I think it's funny that he's
running for vice president on the
strength of not knowing
things well there's a lot of stuff I
don't know I'm kind of a knucklehead
sometimes I say the opposite of what I
mean and I don't even know what a
venture capitalist does most of the time
so I love how amazingly
incompetent he is all right ladies and
gentlemen that concludes my podcast for
today and I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately because they're
so awesome thanks for joining I will see
you again tomorrow on YouTube and Rumble
and X bye for now
all right locals coming at you
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for