there's not much news today so that's
the danger so I wanted to teach you how
to be happy I've spent my life trying to
turn it into a formula had to be happy
and I did that my book how to fail and
almost everything and still win big but
I'm gonna give you the the quicker
synopsis for those who you who don't
know how to be happy
and as obvious as this will be as some
of you for many of you this will be the
first time you've ever seen it I
explained this way let me explain
happiness so happiness here's at the top
that's your goal we'd all like to be
happy
in order to be happy there are three
chemicals in your body in your brain
that need to be at the right level now
I'm going to grossly oversimplify the
chemical nature of human beings that are
certainly lost more than three chemicals
involved in keeping you happy but as a
general statement if these three are
where they need to be you're probably
going to be happy unless there's some
terrible problem in your life that you
know is unsolvable
so did I spell serotonin room I may have
spelled it wrong tell me if I spelled
that wrong anyway so these chemicals can
be boosted through lifestyle if you
don't know that you don't understand how
happiness works
most people that I talk to you are under
the mistaken impression the happiness is
something you can think your way into in
other words if you put some happy
thoughts in your head or or you don't
have any problems or where there's
somehow a mental process your happiness
is not a mental process if you think it
is you can't help yourself you're gonna
be lost forever so whether you have a
mental problem that keeps you low in
these things which is typical you know
depression anxiety OCD their number of
mental conditions which which are least
associated with lower levels of these
things if you treat happiness as a
physical process the end result of which
is you feel happy then you have a
mechanism to do something about it if
you think it's a mental process there's
nothing you can do about it you are a
victim of your environment but if you
understand that you can do things in
your life that will boost these
chemicals and then these chemicals in
turn will make you feel good then you
have a mechanism and for each of these
things let me explain these things so
oxytocin is the chemical that makes you
feel connected to people makes you feel
in love makes you feel bonded and that's
mostly from social interaction
especially touch you can get it from sex
hugging I think you can get it from your
pets you know playing with your cat or
your dog and you can get it from a
massage yeah and children can get it
from their their parents from touch but
these other things dopamine and
serotonin are sort of lifestyle related
and if you get a system for all of this
stuff the system for your diet and
exercise and sleep you're going to have
a lot more of it how many people do you
know who believe they're unhappy but all
they're doing is they're doing this
stuff wrong they're doing the they're
doing the lifestyle stuff wrong and they
think hey I'm unhappy there's something
wrong with the way I'm thinking there's
something wrong with my brain
probably not there's probably and when I
say probably I'm just saying 80% of the
time for 80% of you the feeling of not
being happy or fulfilled all of those
feelings or because you don't have a
system in place to work toward improving
these over time so for diet for example
I talked about this in my book had it
failed almost everything and still win
big it should be a lifelong process of
learning about diet and experimenting
with what works for you in my case if
if I eat too many bad carbs I find you
too many bad carbs I'm unhappy every
frickin time every time if I if I have a
burrito for lunch the rest of the day
I'm not happy because my energy will
crash and I can't be happy when I have
yes a sugar crash
so learn about diet by making you the
lifelong system to chip away at it and
experiment learn that protein is good
for you learn that simple carbs are bad
for you always always don't have cheat
days if you have a cheat day
you don't understand how anything works
there's the longer explanation for that
but don't have a cheat day exercise
again my book added fail teaches you how
to create habits and how to organize
your life so it's more likely that
you'll do something active every day
doesn't matter what you do but be active
every day you will find that if you get
exercise right most of your days are
better everybody who has an exercise
routine will confirm what I'm saying on
days that you exercise you feel happier
it's pretty much a one to one thing so
learn to do that get enough sleep a lot
of people think that sleep is somehow
out of their control sleep is something
you absolutely control now again these
are 80% true statements 20% of the
people may have some medical problem
they've got something that needs to deal
with but for 80% of us go to bed the
same time wake up the same same time
every day
don't put your you know don't watch TV
and dad don't do things that get you
excited don't watch a scary movie before
you go to bed you know there there are
some very basic things which all you'd
have to do is Google some articles about
how to sleep follow the follow the steps
there aren't that many of them every
article on how to sleep would be pretty
similar learn a system for sleep
if you're the kind of person who likes
to stay up really late on weekends but
then during the week you've got to go
back to your you know your eight to five
life you're just killing yourself you
don't have much chance of being happy if
you think that you can mess with your
sleep and still be happy you can't you
can have a good evening
but you're awake is not going to be
happy make sure you get some nature
there's you know meaning get outside Sun
is important but it seems to be
important here to your chemistry to just
interact with nature so get out of the
house get around some trees get around
some grass that helps do what you can to
improve your social life
I recommend the Dale Carnegie method of
learning how to talk to people learning
how to be good to people here's the big
trick for a good social life you ready I
don't believe it's hard for me to
believe I have to tell you this but
probably the vast majority of you don't
know what I'm gonna say next and it will
change your life
you ready if you don't have a good
social life that's your fault totally
it's your fault because you don't know
the technique having a good social life
is technique now I can't get into all of
it the Dale Carnegie courses will teach
you but you should know how to talk to
strangers you should know how to talk to
people and have good conversations but
the main thing you need to do to have a
good social life is give more than you
get that's it think you generously and
people will say well that's somebody I
want to hang around with that person
just asked me if they could do me a
favor I barely know that's somebody you
want to spend some time with invite
people to your place set up an outing
yourself buy somebody lunch solve a
problem for somebody offer to help all
right social life is completely under
your control stop thinking that people
will like you for who you are on the
inside
nobody cares who you are on the inside
they can't see it you can't see the
inside of you they know they only know
what you do they can't read your mind
so do things that are generous if you do
that you will have a social life might
not be the first day but you're gonna
have one so get out in the real world
get involved in some some groups where
there are people go make yourself a
solution life I find that it's useful to
have a purpose in life a purpose the
best way to find one is to be useful to
society and to other people if what
you're doing all day is good for no one
but you you will not feel like you have
a purpose and that will eat at your
chemical state it will decrease your
you're happy chemicals so find a purpose
it's easy to find a purpose figure out
what you're good at
or at least you can become good at and
you're willing to do then try it if it
doesn't work try something else you've
watched me most of you watch me try to
be useful for the blight Authority bill
poultice thing trying to clean up the
inner cities as well as bill Paul T's
philanthropic efforts I've been trying
to be supportive of that and a number of
other things I try to be helpful on
those things give me meaning when I'm
when I'm what I have quiet moments I
think about those things because I say
to myself yeah I'm doing stuff that
might not help I don't know if it'll
make a big difference but at least I'm
doing things that make sense could work
or part of a solution perhaps a little
bit helpful in these different ways
somebody says loving your family correct
you could build a sense of purpose
around your family now there's a trap
there because that usually means around
your children because the children leave
eventually so you want to be able to
find ways to you know find meaning that
are not dependent on
one or two people I also find that when
I'm learning and and growing in other
words I'm getting better at something I
feel more fulfilled and my body
chemistry feels better so it doesn't
matter what you're learning or growing
at could be your career could be
something useful in some other way and
it could be just learning the things
that you need to take care of yourself
could be just learning that but build
your talent stack add talents all the
time you should never be here's my
advice you should never be in a state of
not learning period now you might be so
busy they have to reduce the time that
you're spending learning something to a
small part of your day
that would be normal but never have a
day where you didn't learn something you
can google something you can read an
article you can talk to somebody who
knows more than you do you can use my
app you know interface by when table and
call an expert to learn something you
needed to know but try to learn
something every day you will be amazed
what that does to you you'll have a
sense of moving in the right direction
alright so in summary happiness is not
some internal mental process that you
can just think your way to a better
happiness it is a chemical state if you
get your body chemistry right mostly
these three chemicals are the ones you
hear about you will have a feeling of
contentment and happiness to get those
chemicals right science is very clear
what works gotta get your diet right
your exercise your sleep got to get out
in nature touch some people improve your
social life
avoid stress I didn't talk about this
one but it's obvious I do not watch
movies that are dramas I do not watch
movies that are scary or have bad
endings I won't even watch a comedy if
it has a bad ending I don't I don't
expose myself to fiction which is
negative because even if you think
you're entertained and you are you're
adding stress to your life you
don't know I avoid stressful people if
you are toxic I'm just not going to talk
to you again that's it
do I feel bad when I cut people out of
my life and I don't talk to them again a
little bit but not as bad as I feel when
I'm with them the horror is spending
time with toxic people the horror is not
the embarrassment or the discomfort or
the awkwardness of getting rid of them
you have to get rid of toxic people and
learn and grow and that will give you a
purpose if you're being useful to the
world
yeah the news can be quite toxic as well
I'm addicted to news at the moment
because a lot of the Trump news is
entertaining
it's literally funny and nobody's
getting hurt most of the time sometimes
it you know devolves into bad stuff do I
make an exception for Game of Thrones
yeah I kinda do I do but when I watch
Game of Thrones
I don't feel tension or stress it's well
made and it's funny and it takes me into
a different world and it doesn't seem
like a real world so I don't think that
too seriously I would say if you're
watching Lord of the Rings which you
would say is a drama action a lot of
people getting killed Lord of the Rings
is just sort of a fantasy fun things so
I wouldn't worry about that I would
never watch a Quentin Tarantino movie
again I've watched his movies and they
just make me feel bad period they're
well made apparently Quentin Tarantino
is an amazing filmmaker all the critics
agree but a lot of his films make me
feel bad so I don't watch them same with
Spielberg Spielberg is on the top of my
list of directors to avoid now if he
does a comedy movie or you know
something light-hearted I would
certainly watch that because he's a
great filmmaker but if he does something
like you know anything about the
Holocaust for example shouldn't there's
less
it's gonna be you so well made that it
brings you into this horrible world and
it's like you you you were there I'm
still scarred by movies I've seen years
ago and some of them are Spielberg's so
that's your happiness formula the main
point is to understand that it's a
chemical reaction and that you control
your chemistry by your lifestyle and
specifically you can develop systems
over time where maybe you don't know too
much about diet but you can learn it
don't know too much about exercise or
systems you can learn it and that just
changed some percentage of some
percentage of those watching this their
lives just completely changed I
guarantee you now I don't know what
percentage it is it could be one percent
could be ten percent could be thirty
percent but for a lot of you your your
life just completely changed because for
the first time you're seeing a
completely practical path to get from
wherever you are to how you want to feel
and and once you see that this works and
the only way to see it is to actually
practice it start paying attention to
your diet your sleep and your exercise
and also your touch and your nature to
start paying attention to what you did
that day and then pay attention to how
you feel about your day once you notice
there's a one-to-one correlation between
doing those things right that get your
chemistry right and having a good day
you're all set that's that's what you
need you need that realization to make
it real and you have to do it and try it
to be able to actually feel that it
makes a difference all right
and just looking at your your comments
now I I hear everyday from people who
say their life was completely
transformed by thinking of their life in
terms of systems versus goals the goal
would be to be happy but how wow you
need a system to get there so as soon as
you remember that the goal doesn't tell
you how to get there the systems do then
you've got a you've got a formula for
working your way through life to a
better solution all right
I will I'll take a picture of the
whiteboard here I will put that that
will be part of the the YouTube posting
so everything I do here in periscope
gets posted on YouTube within a few
hours and will post the photo on this
it'll be at that real coffee with Scott
Adams on YouTube somebody says isn't it
true that some people don't need daily
relations well there are people who are
introverts I would consider myself one
of them people who find that spending a
lot of time with other people can be
draining other people find that spending
a lot of time with other people can be
more fulfilling and energizing but even
if you're an introvert you you can't
escape
nature's requirements in other words
your your chemical situation it has a
lot in common with somebody who's not in
insurance and so even introverts do need
even the introverted do need human
contact
they just need less of it and a certain
kind and they've got to control it a
little better than other people I will
put the photo of this on the blog so
that will be part of the process my blog
is moved to at Scott and says calm
alright somebody says make that segment
its own YouTube video please maybe I'll
think about that but that's all for
today and I will talk to you all later