how's everybody
doing everybody
good we're almost ready for the show of
shows wonder if it works upside down
yeah all right well this is going to be
tough have you noticed they they put the
charging thing at the bottom of your
phone so if it's charging you can't set
it up
yeah seems like such a bad idea the
charger should be at the top
right like nobody at Apple figure that
out that's the most obvious thing
okay all right then let's go back to
where I
was see if I can make this
work nope I can't make that
work what happens if I unplug it
all right I might me lose your comments
here but I'm trying real hard trying my
best there we
go that's why you come to see this show
to watch me fussing around with my
technology well good morning and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take it up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny smooth human brains all
you need is a copper Mugo glass of
tanker shellin a canteen jug or flask of
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopam me here the day the thing
makes everything better it's cold the
simultaneous siping it's going to happen
right now
go I get to live out my little fantasy
of being an Auctioneer remember when I
was a little kid my parents took us
auctions and I just love
that I always wanted to talk like
that all right let's talk about what's
going on if you subscribe to dilber
reborn either on X or Scott adams.
locals.com you would know that dilber
company is trying to hire an elbonian
engineer to meet their Dei diversity
goal uh the problem is as Dilbert
explains there are only three
elbonian engineers in the world and they
all work for
Apple so will they not meet their
diversity goals or will they lower their
standards what will happen well only the
people who subscribe will get to find
out Meanwhile my book God's debris
that's just
out that includes my original God's
debris and the sequel and a new short
story is
got still has all five star
reviews and uh I I have to tell you this
wasn't written just because I thought
you'd like
it um I wrote it you know it's over a
20e span the the various parts of it but
it was it was written to change
civilization I don't know if I've ever
said that
before it it wasn't written for
entertainment it was written to
reprogram the
world and I thought it would take about
20
years so the
relaunch allows it to be relevant again
at exactly the right time and let me
tell you the hypnosis trick I was
using the trick was that the middle book
the religion war is a prediction of what
the world would look like in 20 years
which happens to be right
now and my idea was if I hit the
predictions just right it would make you
sort of that's sort of a pacing leading
thing if I hit the prediction just right
it would make people look at the entire
body of work differently and that that
would be the activation point so it's
basically been an inactive virus for 20
years that I just
activated and that was my plan 20 years
ago you don't have to believe it but
it's
true this is a culmination of a over
20year plan and it's right on schedule
which is weird to you and me
all right but it's number one in
technology and on Amazon number one in
religious
philosophy Elon Musk had an interesting
uh concept when you've got your Optimus
robot and you've got your Tesla
self-driving
car can you tell your Tesla to take your
robot to go pick up some groceries will
Optimus be able to drive and pick up
your kids do you know what Elon says oh
yeah
definitely just think of that
like he says it matter of factly and
with total confidence like it's not
really there's no if to it you will be
sending your
robot you will be sending your robot to
pick up your
kids now I wonder if there's a part of
my book God's debris the complete works
in which a robot pick somebody up in
their electric
car
yes yes I did predict that the robot
would be driving the car and that's
actually in the
book um apple is going to have a big
event that's happening right now I think
so even as we talk they might be
announcing some stuff and apparently
they're going to reveal new AI system
called Apple intelligence oh how funny
it could be AI it doesn't have to be
artificial intelligence it could be
apple
intelligence and uh wait is that today
or tomorrow is that today
I wrote down tomorrow but I think the
post was from
yesterday uh but anyway we'll find out
if Apple's got uh anything new this is
going to be fascinating because we won't
know from the announcement you you have
to use it to find out if it's useful but
I feel that Apple might be taking the
right approach and that's why they're
going so
slow you know my my worry was that Apple
was you know they lost their Mojo and
they just going to lose to Ai and become
irrelevant if they don't catch up but
the other possibility which was always a
possibility is that they saw all the
trouble that the early entrance into AI
were having and said we can't have that
on our phone which I would agree with
yeah but that the AI that I've used I
wouldn't want on a phone so if they
needed to wait a while until they
invented a you know a useful one that
did everything they did and stayed
honest and all that it was worth waiting
for maybe so let's let's uh fingers
crossed maybe Apple the greatest you
know maybe the greatest company that's
not
Tesla um let's see if they come
through all right uh I love dunking on
the Washington Post for being a
ridiculous pretend news
organization and apparently the fouchy
testimony where he finally said that the
whole six foot distancing thing was just
made up and not based on any science and
and then you look back at the Washington
Post stories oh you better stay 6 feet
away and otherwise you're destroying the
world it's the people who don't social
distance they're the problems vaccinate
them hold them down and vaccinate them
well this is all part of the larger um
point of today's show that all science
is
fake let me tell you a little trick that
I've been doing lately just because I
think it's funny when I think that
something's mostly true or more true
than
not lately just to be an I've
been saying it's completely
true and the the funny thing is weeds
out the idiots because all the smart
people know I don't mean 100% so if I
say uh chicken is
delicious you don't have to tell me that
if you prepare it wrong it's not all the
smart people know that they all know
that everyone it's only the dumb people
going away and oh I don't know what if
that chicken was dead on the side of the
road and had been rotting for a month I
don't think that would be so delicious
if he didn't cook it no go away go away
so
in with that in mind all science is
fake all right there's a new study that
says our brains try to predict the
future when we sleep they study some
rats and they say they can work this out
but I'm a little skeptical they they say
that the rats um sleep and imagine the
the little obstacle thing that they were
going through the Maze and uh that
they're better at it when they wake up
the next morning because they've
processed you know various options in
their head and basically worked out
better
strategies during
sleep that's one
possibility I'm going to offer another
possibility
a well-rested rat can solve a maze
better than a tired
rat or how about this one a rat that's
been in the Maze once does better than a
rat that hasn't been in the Maze
once maybe so you know obviously they
would have the same questions when
designing the study and obviously they
would control for those
things or did they it's not like we've
seen it's not like we haven't seen a
million science experiments that are
literally backwards the cause and effect
yeah a million not less a million see
see I'm doing it again this is where I
make ridiculous exaggerated claims which
all the smart people know I don't mean
exactly all of them are a million I just
want to get dumb people all worked up oh
I know one that's not like
that all right so your brains predict
the future when you
sleep let's say it's true what this
reminded me of is how AI can train
itself so if a rat can go to sleep and
work through maze options in his head
somewhat automatically is learning from
nothing it's learning from itself can
you learn from yourself well that's why
AI is trying to figure out so AI you
know sucked up all the data on the
internet practically and then it ran out
of things to train on so now they're
training on synthetic data that's a
dream when the AI says they're training
AI on synthetic data they're actually
training it on the ai's dreams
effectively because ai ai will just
think of all the things that could
happen and then it trains itself on its
imagination and I'm skeptical that you
can get anything good out of that
process but it sounds a lot like the the
mice and so every time I see AI doing
something that a regular brain an
organic brain would do I say to myself
well we're one step closer to proving
that humans are not more awesome than a
large language model and one step closer
to realizing that uh a uh artificial
general intelligence you know the one
that's supposedly the next phase the one
that's really smart I don't think it's
possible I don't think it's possible I
think the only thing we can build is
something that's programmed Med with a
bunch of rules which just means it's not
intelligent it's just doing what
somebody told it to do no I don't
believe that there will be an artificial
general intelligence there might just be
Dumber things that are more
powerful or just as
dumb here's a uh new
study um apparently that adding even a
little bit of information to a decision
makes us unable to make a decision
so we we very quickly get overwhelmed
with too many variables if there's a
decision right so if the decision is hey
do you want to eat and your only
variable is are you
hungry you go oh yes but suppose you got
lots of variables like you got a weird
diet and the other person has a weird
diet and maybe you know you're not sure
if you have money you know it's a little
expensive it's not your budget there's a
driving you've got a little problem
about you know if we do this are we
going to have time to get home do we
need a reservation as soon as you add
that stuff we get paralyzed like ah I'll
just eat at home right so I this makes
sense it makes intuitive sense that if
you add too much uh complexity to any
decision people fall apart pretty
quickly but I would like to connect this
to something I've been saying for a long
time that none of you
believed which is the the most fun
things for me to say is something that
nobody believes like I I don't get the
minority of people believing nobody
believes all right here it is doing your
own research is a bad
idea that's what I've been saying it
makes you
dumber but the research just agreed with
me so let's say you're looking into a
topic and you know a few things about it
and you've got an opinion but then you
do your own
research what happens when you do your
own research well the whole point of it
is you're adding variables you're not
you're not looking into the two
variables that you're you're concerned
about suddenly the world of variables
opens up it's like oh how do we make
this climate model and all the rest so
in
general it it's a thing that the more
you do your own research the Dumber you
will
get now what also happens is that it
confirmation bias kicks in and when you
think you're doing your own research
you're actually just traveling down a
little
you know snail snail trail of things
that you already thought were true so
all you're doing is talking yourself
into being brilliant you're not really
researching because you're not looking
at the other side it you just say Ah
that's obvious BS I don't even need to
look at that
one so now doing your own research makes
you dumber however I know you're all
squirming in your seat and you're saying
Scott but that time I used it and it
worked what about the pandemic we looked
into it ourselves and it worked and we
beat all all the
researchers do not do not judge yourself
on binary
questions the pandemic was a whole bunch
of
binaries this either works or it doesn't
work in which case it' be a bad idea
it's binary there's not much anything in
between so whenever you have a big
binary complicated thing half of the
Public's going to say it's a terrible
idea and then they're going to do their
own research and will they find W
amazingly the research will agree with
their initial impression and then there
are other people who might think it's a
great idea and do the research and sure
enough everything they find supports the
idea it's a great idea to do that social
distancing or whatever it is they're
looking for so you're you're basically
going to just confirm your own
biases does that mean that nobody's ever
done their own research and gone from
the wrong answer to the right answer
what do you think
what do you think do you think do you
think I'm saying that nobody's ever ever
done their own research and gone from a
wrong opinion to a right
opinion only the dumb people think that
all the smart people say well obviously
sometimes it works but you know the
problem you don't know when it worked
that's the problem is it true that it
works
absolutely absolutely it's true that it
works is it is it true that you know
when it works
nope you don't know when it worked you
only know you got
convinced that's all you
know all right I asked AI the following
question uh and this is why AI will
someday be illegal I think or at least
so so crippled you don't you can barely
use it so I asked that how many of the
climate models that were existing in the
90s are still being used today without
modification
have you ever heard anybody ask that
question in all the conversations you've
ever seen about climate models because
they're the things driving our policy is
the models have you ever seen anybody
ask that
question what about the models you had
in the
90s they're still good right and the
answer is there are no models from the
90s that are still being
used now there are models that you know
there's some base part that they
modified quite a bit why would they
modify
it why would 100% of the models from the
9s have to be
modified well if you ask it that
question the follow-up question you'll
say well we figured out ways to
incorporate new
variables you know we we learn more so
we build into the model total makes
sense
right but wait a
minute how far away was the original
model then was the the original model
like way
off was it way off because if it wasn't
way off why did you have to modify
it why do you modify something that's
accurate is in a world where nobody
knows exactly what's going to happen and
why are there hundreds of
them there's only one
answer anybody who's lived in the real
world long enough and so basically
anybody under 30 doesn't understand what
I'm going to say at all
this will be like that's crazy talk I
don't even know what you're saying I
don't know what the words are that are
coming out of your mouth but if you're
over 50 let's say and you've got a lot
of experience in the real world what
does it mean when not a single model
from the 90s exists they've all been
modified and there are hundreds of them
it only means one thing it's all
 there's no other
interpretation you'd have to be really
really inexperienced to imagine that
these are useful tools
very
inexperienced like you would have to be
seriously inexperienced to think this is
real
anyway so let me say it again if Mo if
climate models were ever real there
would be at least one of them from the
90s at least
one that got it right without any
modification there isn't or from any
other decade now do you believe that the
7 7s ' 880s and '90s models were all
messed up so that they couldn't even
keep them as is but finally we figured
it out why because we did extra research
and we added extra variables does doing
extra research and adding extra
variables make you smarter or
dumber
dumber so they took models that didn't
work and they added dumbness which is
extra variables that they really don't
know what it's doing and what it isn't
doing yeah they actually made them worse
and sold them as better that's what
happened they just sold them better in
my opinion because I don't believe
anybody can predict the future of the
temperature of the earth I don't believe
that which is not to say we don't have
any kind of warming problem that's a
separate question I just know we can't
measure it well the FDA says they're
going to put warning labels at least a
maybe an abbreviated version of it on
the front of packages instead of well in
addition to being on the back apparently
there are some European countries that
already do this uh there's one country I
didn't write it down where they just put
a stop sign in the front of the package
just literally one of those stop signs
with like the I think well I don't know
what it looks like it's a stop sign
basically it's basically saying this
food is
unhealthy don't we need that in the
United States just imagine that in the
United States there right on the on the
Shelf it's labeled like
cigarettes they're labeling their food
like cigarettes correctly correctly
labeling and you know if they have too
much sugar and whatever so so as soon as
I saw this that the FDA who I considered
a captured regulatory group is doing
something that You' think that the food
industry would not
like because they don't want you to be
focusing on the negative part of their
food I said to myself huh it would be
nonstandard if the FDA did something
that's good for the public and bad for
the food industry in in my view of the
world that would be non-standard so the
first thing I thought is that it's a
fake not fake news but that the FDA is
running an OP here and the op would be
we'll put something on the front of the
box but it won't be the stuff you
need for example do you think the Box
will say this has I don't know um what's
the not overly processed but very
processed foods do you think it'll say
it's um that it's overly processed I'll
bet they leave that out do you think it
will say that it has a wheat that was
made in America with the the weed killer
technique that they use now or do you
think they'll say well wheat is fine why
would anybody complain about wheat
unless you have a gluten allery what do
you think I think this is I
think the FDA is is working with the
food company to hide the ball not show
you the ball so here's what I expect it
will accurately tell you there's a lot
of sugar in it it will accurately tell
you if maybe there's a protein in it
that you like it's going to accurately
tell you things that you know to be true
and you don't have any question about I
predict it will not tell you that it's
um has chemicals on it like fertilizers
it will not it will not say anything
about wheat
it will not tell you that you should
just stay away from this kind of food in
general I think it's going to be a weak
warning which helps the food company
companies as much as it hurts them and
that they're they're playing for a tie
that's what I think because I don't
trust any regulatory agency to be
uncorrupted at this point in
history the rasmuson polling company did
a poll on what people think of Biden's
mental decline 57% of likely voters said
yes Biden is getting less mentally sharp
33%
disagree 33% of the
country is looking at Biden today and
saying yeah that looks
about that's how I remember him yeah he
looks about the same as when he you know
ran for the
first do you even believe that do you
believe that really there are 33% who
think yeah he's fine now no I would say
that's a political answer to a question
that's that's like a wishful thinking
answer hey what do you think of Biden oh
he's uh how do I answer this I I don't
want to make it sound like he's not
viable because I really hate Trump he's
obviously declining in mental health but
I think I can sell this yeah it looks
fine to me yeah I thought he looked fine
well I don't even know what you're
seeing what are you even looking at
don't understand totally confused
yeah um I wouldn't trust the 33% who
don't see
it um I would like to express some anger
and disappointment um with
myself but all of you I think share in
this so during the time that Biden was
uh in
Normandy and he allegedly but only in in
the fake way it didn't really happen uh
and the fun was that it looked like he
wrapped his pants in front of the
audience now I don't think there's any
chance that that's what was happening
and the the video was selectively edited
to make it look more like that however
can we agree it was a lot of
fun everybody on the same page it was a
lot of fun it was like a a luxury
entertainment belief you we didn't
really believe it but it was kind of fun
to believe it for a while all right now
having said
that I want you to feel the dis
appointment that I'm feeling right now
that that entire story kind of came and
went you know it's sort of too late to
bring it up again and not a not a single
person and not me and I take full
responsibility for this I got to fall on
my sword I never once thought to call
him the
president
now am I am I losing it I think we need
a rasman and Pole to find out if my
mental acuity is going down how in the
world did I not once think of calling
him the shedding
president seriously
Scott I mean I am disappointed in myself
and none of you helped none of you
helped you're supposed to be my backup
you should have been you should have
been screaming call him the
president it's hilarious well next time
let's get our game up all right um I've
heard that Viagra makes your memory
better so I'm going to take some of that
I'm going to not do my own research
because that makes you dumber I'm going
to ignore the food labels because I know
they're fake and I don't want to ruin my
brain with bad food but we're not going
to make this mistake again people no
next time there's a pun that's that
that's accessible it's just like this
big juicy loow hanging fruit and I
ignore it well you should let me know I
can't we can't live like
this Kyle Becker is giving us an update
on the whole Biden uh crime family and I
guess we now have we meaning the country
has subpoena bank records that show over
$35
million uh was received by Biden family
members or companies and business
associates what exactly was the product
they were selling for $35 million oh
yeah it was access now is any of that
illegal I don't know I have no idea is
it illegal to have hundreds of different
bank accounts I don't know no
idea but I do know that if you thought
that uh there were self-dealing that is
answered yeah there it's a self-dealing
company but it might not be illegal so
if you don't have a crime I'm a lot less
interested if there is a crime or even
if you know Biden was just lying for
political reasons those are important
things but I don't know selling access
might be so common that I'm not entirely
sure how to process that
story all right but uh did they sell us
out to foreign interests
well maybe but that's not necessarily a
crime if you're not in office so I don't
know where that I don't know where crime
and their activities you know do those
ven diagrams touch I actually don't
know well there's an Atlanta
prosecutor um who on a podcast was
bragging about uh how she's you know
very ethical and would never do anything
unethical just to make some dirty money
God no but uh looks like she's going to
jail for seven years for stealing $15
million in covid relief but at least it
went to good causes for example the um
um Rolls-Royce she bought with
it yes actually she bought a Rolls-Royce
with stolen Co money
now because I'm
cancelled I get to say the things that
you could never say you ready for this
here's something you would get cancelled
so fast if you said what I'm going to
say why is it why are there so many
black female prosecutors that are
dirty is that a coincidence I don't
think it's a coincidence but I don't
think it's necessarily you know genes or
culture I think it's a Dei problem
and the de Dei problem is if you really
really need to guess somebody well let
me put it this way it a Soros plus Dei
problem here's what I think I think if
you're Soros and you're trying to back
somebody who's not normally going to win
but you're trying to find somebody that
you could get to win aren't you going to
pick a
female in today's world of course and
aren't you going to pick black of course
you are because because that's the most
likely to win and in any City
environment at the moment if you're
black and female you get you know two
groups are sort of automatically on your
side and that's probably enough to push
you Over the Top If you also have a lot
of funding so does it make sense that
Soros would sort of intentionally Target
a demographic that is more likely to get
votes so long as they have funding and
you know some good advisors and stuff
and what would happen if you're focusing
on one narrow demographic which is you
got to be female you got to be black you
got to be a certain age you can't be too
young or too old and um you got to be a
lawyer and you got to be in that field
to work that's a lot of
filters a lot of filters so what you
what you should what you should you
expect from a system that's designed to
operate that way looking for a very
narrow group and trying to get as many
as possible well the guaranteed effect
of that is you're going to go lower and
lower
into the
capability of candidates in order to get
the one that can win because the person
sitting at the top might be some boring
experienced white guy that's a bad bet
they might not even agree with the
things you agree with so the system
remember um design is Destiny so without
saying anything negative about women or
black women or black people nothing this
has nothing to do with genes nothing to
do with gender
that design of a system Soros is trying
to promote specific kinds of people
because they'll win elections should
guarantee massive incompetence and
criminal behavior in those positions and
that's what we observe now the question
I'm going to ask because I'm not um
insane how much of this is because the
accounts that I follow tend to be you
know surfacing these cases because they
know it's like red meat to the base sort
of thing how much of it is if I really
did a survey would I find out that
there's no difference whatsoever by you
know gender or race and that certain
number of prosecutors are dirty but it's
just like the rest of the world would I
find out that there's no difference I
don't know I don't have access to any
data like that but you have to you have
to ask yourself am I being fed just a
bunch of red meat because I'm you know a
certain in a certain you know Silo so I
am worried that this is not a true
observation and you should be worried
about that too so be a little careful if
you're being fed a continuous diet of
black people doing violent or illegal
things I I think we're we're not serving
ourselves well if that's all we're
seeing you know because people think
people are going to click it a lot so
there's definitely a little bit of too
much of selective news in mind my bubble
and I'm very aware of it but there's
another explanation which is the design
of the system should give you
incompetence in a certain specific way
and it looks like we're seeing it I just
don't know if what I look at is is
accurate all right uh Jan by the way
nobody else is could have said that
think of anybody else you know in the
world who could have said what I just
said
nobody I I have I have free speech in a
way you simply don't I can actually say
that and I think it's useful that's why
I say it I don't say it to hurt anybody
I say it because if you don't understand
you've designed a system that's
guaranteed to fail by Design on paper
just look at it on paper it's designed
to fail it can't possibly work that's my
point all right I am
increasingly convinced of my own
hypothesis
is hypothesis meaning I don't have proof
of it and the hypothesis is this um and
it comes after I saw the AOC says she's
worried about Trump throwing her in jail
if he's elected president and of course
all of us say the same thing it's like
AOC what crime did she commit is she
even accused of any crimes I'm not aware
of any crimes why why would she even be
worried sounds a little guilty doesn't
she now one way you could look at it is
is that she's been you know hypnotized
into thinking Trump is Hitler that could
be that that's a good hypothesis backed
by a lot of observation but the other
possibility that I don't rule out is
that there's a little bit of guilt on
the Democrat side and I think that Nancy
Pelosi again this is just speculative
and it's just my hypothesis I think that
when she saw the election results in
2020 being the experienced politician
she is she knew it was rigged and
thought it was too obvious and was
scared to death that she would be hung
by the end of the
day actually hung like literally
hung now I don't think there was any
risk of that you know once we you know
in the let's say the aftermath when you
look at what was and wasn't going to
happen and you look at the level of
security she had Etc she want I don't
think there was much risk she was going
to get hung but I think that the way she
acted and and the aggressiveness with
which she created the the counter
narrative the counternarrative is it was
an Insurrection when we can all say it
wasn't I think all the at least the
Republicans can say that was no
Insurrection if you ever if we ever do
we if Republicans ever do an
Insurrection I guarantee it's not going
to look like
that there there would be little
planning involved you you know there'd
be guns you they they'd look for a weak
spot that they could conquer here's what
they wouldn't do uh I think we can
occupy a building and take over the
country with some
paperwork I don't think
so I don't think they try paperwork
Insurrection and and trespassing to take
over the world so it's a ridiculous
narrative and it reeks of
desperation because one of the things
they could have done is just say all
right calm down everybody now let's just
get back to work but they didn't they
turned it into this whole January 6
 narrative and a fake committee
to find him guilty in a fake impeachment
and they really really worked hard on it
like somebody who's trying to cover up
their own crime now am I reading too
much into it maybe maybe that's why it's
a
hypothesis but to me it looks like the
entire thing is them covering up for the
fact that it was obviously rigged and
they can see it too so here's the thing
why would we ever assume that the
Republicans can all see that it was a
non-standard result so non-standard
bellwethers didn't go the way they were
the the the the counting didn't go right
the the number of mail and ballots that
went to Biden seemed like ridiculously
unlikely you know stuff like
that so I think that the that Pelosi was
in the rare situation where she knew it
was rigged she may not have you know
been greenlighting the rigging she
probably wasn't directly involved but I
think she looked at the results just
like the rest of us did and said oh
 they know it's rigged and there's a
crowd outside the capital and if they
know it's rigged they're going to know
I'm behind it or at least supporting the
rigging and I'm going to get hung as a
Traer
now I do not ever recommend
violence but if it had been rigged and
if she had behind it been behind it and
if they
hunger not sure how I would feel about
that because I wouldn't trust that the
legal system could fix
it right the legal system had no power
so what are you going to do what are you
going to do if it's really
rigged well I don't think that the the
people in the Insurrection thought it
was a lost cause they didn't seem to be
you know they they seem to be L let's
just take a pause and it should be easy
to find the irregularity you know just
give us a moment do a little rechecking
in
Georgia I think they just thought it was
a paperwork you know maybe a little uh
bad Mischief going on there and they
could just find it easily and reverse it
I don't think anybody thought anybody
needed to be hung per se I mean they
were talking about hanging Mike Pence
but that was hyperbole well it might not
have been hyperbole from 1% of the
people so I will acknowledge that 1% of
the attendees
were violent and crazy so there's
definitely that but yeah I think Pelosi
knows that everybody could see that was
rigged but not all the Democrats have
the same vision she has you know she
would she would be tapped in enough to
say oh shoot we shouldn't make all the
Bell weathers go our way
okay or or we shouldn't make all the
Bell weathers or let's say put it this
way all the Bell weather things favor
Trump winning but then he
didn't so so he probably thought they
overreached they probably thought that
they were trying to not make the mistake
they made in 2016 which is not be ready
to cheat and that they over cheated it
was too obvious that's what I
think all right I also think that uh
there there I saw a viral video of a
woman young woman who was saying that
the anti-trump people are the people who
were bullied in high school and that
they're driving the wokeness stuff so
that they can become the bullies that
wokeness is how the people who were
abused and traumatized by bullying are
getting revenge because it's really
about wokeness is really powering the
empowering the powerless and they would
have felt quite powerless if they' been
bullied so so and uh she said no wonder
you see people like uh you know the
actors uh kind of lining up against
Trump what do you think the theater kids
experienced in high
school oh there's a theater
kid probably a little
bullying all
right
so um I would be amazed if this is the
case if somebody did if somebody did a a
survey
and asked uh you'd have to ask the first
question
first uh do you consider that you were
bullied in high school now almost
everybody says yes to that unless they
were the bullies but there's a level of
bullying right I would say yes to it but
I also solved my bullying with violence
I don't recommend it but it worked in
that case uh so I don't think of myself
as someone
bullied because I I I got my revenge and
then it stopped St so I don't have a
problem when I see Trump because I have
no bully trigger in me I didn't
experience it so but I asked myself if I
had experienced it let's say it had been
a dominant theme of my youth I've been
bullied I feel like I might get
triggered by him just as well I feel
like I might so I can kind of understand
that point it makes
sense and I've been saying it for a
while that I think Trump's real problem
is that he triggers people who have been
bullied because he he has a bully
persona but it's just not aimed at
citizens and that's the part that
they're having trouble processing it's
not aimed at them he's literally running
to be our
bully that's how I see it he's he's
running to be the bully for the country
and Bully other countries when it makes
sense to bully them and so to me it just
looks functional but I can see how it
would be traumatizing Scott Presley says
that he's got a friend who got into Jail
recently and said all the people in jail
are pro
Trump so he wants to go start signing
people up to vote in jail because it's
pretty much a target-rich environment
you know you get most of the people in
jail but here's the thing
missing it's a male jail it's men it's
men yeah the the UFC is not a story
about Republicans it's
men and then there was another you know
interview on the street in Compton so
Compton heavy black population some
white guy went down there and just
started talking to random people and all
the people that he
showed were black male Compton guys who
were like oh yeah Trump yeah we're all
Trump but he didn't interview any women
so don't get fooled by the jail and
don't get fooled by the interviews on
the streets you got to see more women
to make sure this is real otherwise it's
just dividing by gender that's what I
see um but when the uh the citizens were
being interviewed the Black American
citizens when they talked about it like
what it was what was that that bothered
them you know it's partly that uh
Biden's falling apart and partly the
Border situation so the Border situation
really seems to have hit black Americans
hard and here's how I would talk about
it if I were Trump that uh Biden demoted
black Americans because he did he he put
the importance of people outside the
country higher than black Americans did
he put their interests higher than rich
white
Americans yeah you could argue that but
not
really I I haven't lost my job to an
immigrant so to me it's still so
conceptual because it hasn't reached my
neighborhood so
anyway I think we should uh make sure
that the messaging is that Biden seems
to have demoted black Americans in favor
of immigrants I think that's true and
also impactful nobody wants to feel
demoted I've told you before that losing
something you had is more of a
motivating thing than maybe I can get
something I don't have right people are
not as motivated by oh I'll go get that
thing as they are I have a thing why are
you taking my thing don't take my thing
and what they had as a thing
was a little special attention that
seems to have shifted into a different
category now so it feels like they lost
something fedman was uh talking to Bill
Mah and he said that his near-death
experience did actually free him and
that's why he's so
outspoken um I totally get that that he
said it's freeing in a way and I think
uh after beating all of that I just
really want to be able to say the things
that I have really believe and and not
afraid of it uh even if there's a kind
of a
blowback totally get it here here's a
good reframe for
you have you ever been like embarrassed
or hesitant to do something you know you
needed to do it maybe it's make a friend
or ask somebody on a date or something
and you're worried
about embarrassment or blowback or
failure here's a reframe what would you
do if you knew you only had a week to
live how would you act
differently everything would be
different uh I was in that situation
once where I had a fake cancer diagnosis
that for a while it looked like I was
going to die when I was much younger
turned out to be nothing it was
literally nothing just a little bump
from maybe a cat scratch or something uh
but for a while
I got to experience what it was like
that my life was almost over so for
about a week I lived in the shinger cat
half dead half alive and when I finally
got you know a definite
confirmed this is nothing you're fine
they literally drained down the fluid
and put a Band-Aid on it and sent me
home it was a Band-Aid like literally I
took it off later that night that night
it wasn't even a whole day band-aid and
that you know but I thought I was going
to die
so and and by the way the cancer doctor
who looked at the x-rays pretty much
indicated I was you know he said
you I said could it be anything else he
goes it's
possible but but he really suggested
based on his experience it's probably
throat cancer and you know at the very
least you're going to lose your throat
so you know that's what it looked like
so when it was done and I realized that
I had zero problems and not the biggest
problem in the
world everything looked
different everything looked different
and it freed me because I started to say
well why would I live differently if I
had a week to live than if I had less to
live and you know there's a reason you
could talk yourself into oh well you
know the long-term blah blah blah but
things like embarrassing yourself and
speaking your Real views you know
damaging your reputation those don't
really hurt you as much as you think
they might so if you just tell yourself
what would I do if I had a weake to live
you could walk up to any
stranger that that's the thing you could
walk up to any stranger and talk to them
if you had a week to live because you
wouldn't care and then when you walked
up to them you would look like you're
relaxed and you're just having a good
time because you've you've already
discounted all the bad and that could
happen then you're just just going to be
this friendly person that walked up to
you and the other person's going to be
like hey you're cool let's be friend
so yes I do believe the feder's
near-death experience changed
them just like he
says in California there's this thing
proposition 47 that made crime legal
meaning that you could shoplift up to a
certain amount and $950 and you wouldn't
uh you would not be aggressively
prosecuted you get a misdemeanor if they
even did anything about it well in
California we have these ballot measures
and one of the ballot measures is to
reverse that and make it illegal again
to do
crime see I'm doing that thing again
where I talk like it's an absolute but
I'm only doing it to trigger dumb people
because I know that you know that when I
say it made crime legal you know I don't
mean that in a literal sense right but
the dumb people don't know that they're
they're going to be like Scott it's
still illegal it's still illegal to
steal from us
store so
anyway the exciting part about it is
that Nome is fighting hard uh to not get
that on the ballot he doesn't even want
the the state to vote for it do you know
why he doesn't want the state to vote
for it because they don't want
it that's why do you know why you don't
want it to be uh up to the people the
people know exactly what it is they
completely understand it they don't need
to do their own research see that's the
beauty uh hey voter it's now legal to
sell not legal but almost legal because
it's just a misdemeanor to sell up to
almost a thousand to steal almost ,000
dollar what do you think will happen
well that's the worst idea I've ever
heard Let's uh make that more
illegal who does who does Nome work
for how in the world does he sell this
as anything but evil what's his argument
for why we should put up with massive
crime and lose all our
stores I don't even know the
argument I've got to reboot this to get
my comments working
again there we
go so we'll see so I don't
mind you know it's one thing when the
legislature that's been legally elected
makes a rule I don't like I can live
with that but we have this this ballot
initiative thing so that if our
government is totally useless the voters
can just bypass them and say what we
want that's what we want to
do all you have to do is let us give our
opinion just let us
vote how in the world does he defend
this letting the people not
vote it it's exactly what it looks like
it's just some evil I don't know
what it is but there's no way to defend
it there's an old video of Nixon talking
about the CIA and he was asked um did
did he think that the CIA was behind the
the water the Watergate Breakin thing in
other words was the CIA running an OP to
get Nixon out of office what do you
think Nixon said when he was asked if
the CIA tried to get him out of office
and it was all
fake well he said this he said that he
had uh he was publicly and everybody
knew he was very dissatisfied with the
CIA he said that they did fear him
because he said he was going to cut a
third of the C
uh and still do a better job he thought
and he was at the very least going to
totally shake up the
CIA okay so they had a
motive so Nixon says himself very
clearly they had a
motive and then he says uh he didn't
know at the time that two members of the
break-in were connected to the
CIA are you ready for the real uh shoe
to
drop okay here's the good part and then
Nixon said
the CIA knew in advance about the
Watergate break-in and didn't tell
Nixon their
boss the CIA knew in advance about the
Watergate
Breakin and they didn't tell
Nixon do you have any
questions all all of my questions are
answered
yeah yeah um and by the way it's fairly
new news that people are saying uh given
everything we know about everything it
seems obviously that the CIA not only
killed Kennedy but took Nixon end of
office and both for the same reason they
were both going to cut the
CIA yep and then we saw the CIA and the
intelligence people try to take Trump
out they tried to do it with the laptop
story they tried to do it with the well
that succeeded and they tried to do it
with the Russia
illusion the CIA is now taking out three
presidents that we know of three that we
know of I don't know what else they did
but they took out Kennedy they took out
Nixon and they took out Trump at least
in an election
sense they took out three
presidents I'm pretty sure this is
real maybe not but I'm pretty sure it
is um
here's a story that I just would love to
know more about so raspas account is
always talking about uh how Maricopa and
the 2020 election um there's good
evidence that they use 10 different
paper types and that um they're only
allowed to use
one now if you threw out the ones that
seem to be different paper types
apparently that would be way more than
enough to change the
election so the question is is the
different paper types only because some
people didn't have access to the good
paper is it
because some places um didn't have
enough just didn't have enough so they
just used what they had could it be that
some people didn't get the memo that
only certain Paper was allowed and they
just ordered the other stuff and it
worked fine because they ran it through
the machine and it worked so they said
okay well the official paper has to be
this but I can't get the official paper
or it costs more
maybe it costs more and they just said
oh we can save some money we'll just
change the paper we'll test it they test
a few test a few racks of paper it all
works so they go all right well it's
just different paper nobody nobody cares
and then later people say hey different
paper it's
illegal is that what's going on so I
can't tell if this is a huge Smoking Gun
of obvious fraud did they just ship in
uh fake paper and fake ballots and there
were 10 different types of paper because
it was all fake so they weren't that
coordinated
maybe um but here's the thing that uh
some of the the Legacy Media is saying
in Arizona according to raspon that they
say things like the compilers can't
change the marks on paper so they say if
you count the
ballots and you count the ballots again
and you get the same number that's
that's the vote you don't need to know
much more than that but what if what if
all the ones on the non-standard paper
were
fake seems at least likely did were they
were they on non-standard paper there're
two claims I don't know if they're the
same claim one claim is is non-standard
paper but separately I've heard people
saw massive amounts of ballots that were
filled out by the same person somewhat
obviously filled out by the same
person so is that the same issue or are
the ones that are filled out uh
obviously fraudulently are they on real
paper and then separately there's a
problem that some paper is bad because
if those are combined which I don't know
if it's different paper and those are
the ones that have all the fake
obviously fake ballots on
them I don't know that would mean a lot
so I never can tell how much is real and
what's missing context
but let's talk about Jordan Peterson he
saw a story that said that people
without children tend to be the happiest
do you believe
that that people who don't have children
tend to be the happiest so there was
some secondary quality article that says
something like that but anyway uh Jordan
Peterson was all over that and he said
uh here here are just uh 11 problems he
has here are 11 problems he has with
number one says who who's the source
measured how over what time span
compared to who and when happier or more
hedonistic and immature who funded the
quote research lies damn lies and
statistics meaning statistics can give
you whatever you want uh one phrase
replication crisis can it be
replicated um meaning and happiness are
not the same thing but the former trumps
the latter you'd rather have meaning
than happiness anyway so
um doesn't matter responsibility and
happiness are not the same thing
adventure and happiness are not the same
thing Etc all
right and he says if social and
educational psychologists conducted the
study ignore it if people who hate
children or do not have them conducted
the study dismiss
it are those Fair
observations I'd say so I think those
are fair observations u meaning that
science today is so crappy that you know
if you have 10 10 questions when it
comes
out if you're as smart as Peterson that
seems
normal um but I got a weigh in on
this I think um first of all I don't
believe that the science can sus this
out and the reason it can't is this
simple factor from employee satisfaction
if you were to say to people hey are you
uh are you happy with what happened at
work today people will say oh God that
was a terrible day GH I just worked too
hard the commute was bad my boss a jerk
my co-workers didn't deliver blah blah
blah but then you said well why don't
you quit and the person will say quit I
love my
job okay I'll ask you tomorrow how it
went and and you ask every day and every
day the person will say oh it's a
nightmare it's like I can't the stress
it's killing me I I would rather work
anywhere but here well why don't you
change jobs well I like my
job so people could have this
weird separation where they were
completely aware that every day was bad
and they convinced themselves that
overall it was good do you know what
that's called it's called cognitive
dissonance
if you do something that doesn't make
sense you will explain it away as if it
did make sense because you don't want to
look stupid even if you were so yes the
reason people complain all day long but
say they like their job is that they
have to explain why they haven't quit
and the only explanation is you must
like your job because you know you have
options so what happens when uh people
have children have you ever met anybody
who's with young children
do they look like they're having a great
day every now and then yes like
especially when they're really little
you know if you see a mom or dad you
know playing with toddlers who are just
hugging them and laughing and giggling
and maybe the dogs part of it yeah it's
amazing best thing ever I've often said
that the uh when my life flashes before
my eyes I'm going to remember sitting on
the couch in a condo with my first wife
uh and two young step kids watching
Disney
movies like that's the part I think is
my life everything else is fluff so I
totally get you know the the meaning and
the the Deep satisfaction but the truth
is that parenting is one shitty day
after another and when you're done you
say that was the greatest experience I'm
sure glad I did
that now here's the
problem is it like work where it's
clearly cognitive dissonance and people
say oh yes I if I did this thing that
was just painful and terrible for 20
years I must have liked it but if you
check every day they're having a
terrible
day
so how many people if you check them
like later in life and say are you happy
you had children almost universally
people say yes very rare that anybody
would say no I wish I'd skipped the
whole thing they all turned out bad
very rare but I would also use um uh
here's my push back on Dr Peterson's
view about the positivity of marriage
it's definitely good for some people in
some situations and one of the people
would be good for would be somebody
who's a famous psychologist who has the
benefit of knowing how his child turned
out so most of you have seen Michaela
Jordan Peterson's daughter she's got her
own podcast and she's got a big social
media presence well if your kid turned
out like
that what would you be saying about
marriage and having kids you'd be for it
you'd be for it right well what if your
kid had an overdose and died a fenel at
19 would you be saying I'm sure glad I
did
that probably not now yeah how much of
that is parenting and how much is that
is you know good luck and jeans and
stuff like that
um I think if you're if you're rich and
you got lucky and your kid turned out
well you would think that was the best
thing you ever did but don't recommend
it to other people you got lucky you
were Rich enough that you could handle
anything anything eventually I mean what
he started out struggling I know but
eventually he made money and now he can
look at it with um the benefit of
hindsight in hindsight it looks all
brilliant and I agree if you put me into
his body and his situation I would say
children are the greatest thing ever now
what about Elon Musk he's also Pro
children so he's got billions of dollars
uh a whole bunch of baby mamas 11 kids I
don't know how often he sees them
but I would enjoy that if I could just
go impregnate people who were happy to
be impregnated you know give them
millions of dollars so everybody's happy
visit my kids once in a while that would
be totally cool I'd be in favor of that
not really an
option
so here's what I
think
um I don't think that either Peterson or
Elon are qualified to talk about this
topic for the same reason the Jordan
Peterson says if you did this study and
you don't have kids we should not take
you seriously that's a good comment yeah
because they're
biased but so is he it's just the bias
in the other direction who this is who
should not be involved in a study
somebody who was happily married forever
and their kids turned out great what do
you think they think about marriage oh
it's the best thing you just have to do
it smart the way I did no you got lucky
you got lucky that's it you just got
lucky all right um I will tell you that
in my case the only reason I ever got
married is was after I could afford to
get
divorced does that make sense to you I
had no interest in
marriage until I knew I could get
divorced if I had
to um without it breaking
me and as I managed to do it twice
actually without breaking me so I I
budgeted for it I I budgeted for both
success and failure and so I was ready
for all all possib ities so nothing
surprising in this case um generally
when you have a wealthy person with a
younger woman you can kind of set the
timer on that those those tend not to
last forever and I was aware of
that so my view is that one size does
not fit all anymore and I'm going to go
further on it I believe the conditions
in America that made having children and
being married the best thing you could
do no longer exist
no longer exists so even if you talk
people into it it'd be a bad idea
because the reasons for doing it no
longer
exist and I don't think I don't think
the pr marriage people have caught up to
that or maybe they're just maybe they
know that and they still want to promote
what they want to promote because it
would be good if people are biased
toward marriage I would agree with that
it's just that people are too different
and I don't think we can get to the
point where it's good for everybody to
have a kid
all right here's I said everything I was
taught when I was young is was wrong and
I gave some
examples um everything about history
everything in the news is fake uh the
science is really just a follow of the
money process it's not about a way of
finding
truth and
uh and I would say that the the people
who are having the biggest mental
problems are the people who don't
realize that everything's fake
if you thought the science was true and
then you saw a bunch of Mega people as
you call them uh who didn't want a
vaccination what would you think of them
you think God they're killing us all
because you think science is
real if you thought history was real you
would be making decisions based on the
history which would be absurd because no
history is real and it doesn't repeat
that's ridiculous it can't repeat
because the situation it's starting at
is always always
different um so I think that the left is
going insane because they don't yet know
that their news their history their
science and certainly all their politics
are completely fake completely
fake so suppose you knew that the
elections probably have never been real
at least in my lifetime I
suspect maybe starting with Kennedy
we've never really had real elections I
think that somebody controls them one
way or the other I think Trump might
have been the only real election because
it surprised them they they didn't know
he'd do so well because the polling
wasn't warning
them um so imagine living in a world
where you thought that the news history
and science were all real
things everything you saw on the other
side the group that knows those things
are fake the group that knows the news
is fake they know that the science is at
least scientific studies are fake at
least 50% of the time and that all of it
is funded by somebody who has some
reason to fund it so there's bias built
in so if you thought that orange Hitler
was going to steal your democracy uh
that's a hard way to live and I could
understand why they would actually be
having mental problems do you know why
none of this gives me a mental problem
because it all makes
sense of course money is driving big
Pharma and of course the news is fake
there's not there's not a way could not
be fake because they can only make money
with the fake stuff you know if you
understand anything about economics and
you've lived in the real world you see
it's all
fake all right and what about the
election come on all right here's a TDS
update from
MSNBC the uh the Lincoln project you
know
them um here's what one of their crazies
was saying they were interviewing uh he
he said it broke down the road map to
autocracy
so it begins with the Republican party's
unwillingness to lose unwillingness to
lose Trump's not in
office he's not in office he left on the
day he supposed to leave but they're
hallucinating that they're unwilling to
lose they did
lose they didn't like
it all right and it said uh and then uh
they cannot accept defeat so they attack
that is not what happened it is not a
problem of accepting
defeat I think we saw the same thing
that Nancy Pelosi saw in January 6 or
before then she saw it looked
fake all right that's what I'm I'm
guessing and it said uh they cannot
accept defeat so they attack every
institution in America created to hold
them accountable so they can elect a
strong man all right uh which which of
you is is doing
that um it turns out that the uh my
audience probably you're all out there
attacking institutions for the express
purpose that they would stop holding
Trump accountable so that we can uh get
a dictator strongman in office are you
do are you breaking down the
institutions to get Trump elected is
that what you're
doing
or or is it really obvious that all of
our institutions are
corrupt I'm going to go with it's really
obvious science is corrupt it's really
obvious history is fake and it's really
obvious the news isn't real so yes I am
going to criticize those things and how
about election
system pure
 in my
opinion here's a mark Millie TDS update
Julie Kelly was reporting this and it's
still just blowing my mind the more I
hear about it um that apparently uh one
of the Department of Defense witnesses
that talked to the oversight committee
described uh Millie as having a quote
irrational fear among a click of senior
militaries officers about the potential
misuse of the National Guard by the
president they were actually afraid that
the president would use the National
Guard to what take over the
country so that's the reason almost
certainly that they were not allowed to
guard the capital in retrospect that was
a gigantic miscalculation wasn't
it if what they wanted was to avoid
trouble some of you are going to say
they didn't want to avoid trouble they
wanted to cause trouble so that they
could make sure Trump didn't rise
again um and apparently Millie often
made disparaging marks about the
president and regularly referred to his
uh potential for R tag moment so he
thought Trump might start a
war to stay in office like zalinski or
he would uh what was he going to do he
was he was going to use the National
Guard to stage of Revolution now here's
the funny part do you remember when Don
Jr's messages were uncovered about
January 6th and it became super clear
that he was not part of any kind of
insurrection and was just saying hey hey
no violence it's bad tell everybody to
calm down right who in the world
including Mark Millie still believes
that Trump was planning an
Insurrection but he was planning to do
it without telling his
son now if he didn't tell
Eric well okay that'd be less surprising
because Eric's a little less you know
involved in the political part but Don
Jr's right in the middle of the the
fight you think he wouldn't mention hey
Don Jr you would you back me if I try to
take over the
country here here's something that I
think Democrats could never
understand if Trump senior did try to
become a dictator and to the point where
we could all see
it his biggest threat would be Don Jr
killing
him that would be the biggest threat
Democrats don't really understand that
do they
yeah yeah well we will shoot Old Yeller
if we need
to old old yell has to go down sometimes
we're not happy about it nobody's happy
about it but if you have to kill Old
Yeller because that's just has to happen
they will do it so the fear among
Democrats I think is based on their
their internal feeling
that you know it's big U everybody be on
the same side I don't even one person
who would be okay with Trump becoming a
dictator none I've never even heard of
it it's the opposite of what every all
of his supporters are his supporters are
give us the Constitution please and then
leave us alone they're not the dictator
people and if they were they wouldn't
want a 80-year-old dictator it'd be
crazy
yeah
anyway and so Millie apparently stayed
in office to fight Trump his own
words so we had a head of the military
who thought that his enemy was his boss
and he kept his
job do do you remember when uh Trump
said he's a
idiot he doesn't say that about
everybody but I've listened to Millie
talk in person and he does seem like an
idiot and when I see that he was afraid
of this totally imaginary situation of a
rag event
he was really dumb but also gullible how
could we ever have won a war if he was
in
charge think about how unprotected we
were this is somebody so dumb he thought
the news was real he thought that Trump
was
saer and he was in charge of the biggest
military in the history of
civilization oh my God that this should
be a way bigger story that he he got
brainwashed by the Democrats the
corporate media basically he got
brainwashed into thinking that the news
was
real you can't have a general who thinks
that that he doesn't understand the like
even the basic nature of our
civilization how in the world is he
going to win on strategy if we ever get
in a real
fight just what what
a what a terrible
General uh um he had these nightmare
scenarios oh God forget about
him
um anyway that's a real thing that
happened a real thing that happened was
that the corporate
media Brainwashed the head of our
military into thinking he was living in
1939
Germany just just hold that in your head
our corporate
media Brainwashed the head of our
military to believe he was in 1939
Germany and there was going to be a r
dag fire any
minute now I know that he meant you know
modern Trump would do it but he
basically was sort of living in some
weird
hallucination and he was in charge of
all the bombs and
um all right I'm looking at some
comments
here all right ladies and
that's all I have for you today I'm
going to go do some other things find
out what Apple's up to
um yeah you know I I wonder if MSNBC
should be
legal I feel like MSNBC should have a
warning label oh here's an
idea we put warning labels on cigarettes
now we're putting them on the front of
packages of food shouldn't we have a
warning label in the news that some news
might be completely made up for
political
purposes yes we should the news should
come with a warning that some news
especially political is completely made
up and that should be the law the law
should say you have to say this when you
come on as soon as there's a change of
show you know like Jake Tapper comes on
and replaces whoever you have to run it
again on the
Chiron remember
news is often made up especially the
political
stuff because that's
true we all know it's true so so the the
public needs to be warned especially
about
MSNBC all right um I'm going to say
goodbye to
the uh the people on uh YouTube and
Rumble and X I'm going to talk to the
subscribers on locals a little bit
privately thanks for
joining bu my book God's debris the
complete
works oops don't do that oh now I'm
going to get an error watch this no I
think it's
working
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e