[Music]
[Music]
B
[Applause]
B
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
aren't you glad you're here to those of
you who uh come here every single
morning don't you love our little
routine I think the fact that we do this
every morning makes it like extra
special you never take a day off you
will be here be here well if you want to
take it up to the next level all you
need for that is a cuper muger glass of
tanker chalis tin a Canen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine H in the day thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go so
good I'm feeling sanguine
all right I don't even know what that
means but it's a cool
word so I is Hunter Biden's going to
Cordon Delaware on gun charges let's see
Trump gets tried in the unfriendliest
place in the world and hunter gets tried
in the friendliest place in the world
for Hunter Delaware Home State uh Biden
friendly judge we
hear now this is an interesting case
because my understanding is the facts of
it are completely clear you know there
there's no question of what happened
which is very interesting how how do you
defend when the law has been broken and
there is no question about the details
of what
happened yeah there's no question that
he said he was uh he said he was not
addicted but he was when he got the
gun there's not much you can do with
that I mean there he's on video being
addicted Etc but somebody said that his
defense would be uh it's not his fault
because he was
high so the defense would be yes I was a
drug addict and I said I wasn't when I
applied for the gun but you have to
understand that I was a drug addict and
therefore I can't be totally
responsible for saying I'm a drug
addict and I have to
say it's not the worst ARG
arent it's not the worst argument
because the whole point of
being let me just pull this together for
you the reason you don't want a drug
addict to have a gun is what why do you
not want a drug addict to have a
gun only one
reason you don't trust that the drug
addict can make smart decisions am I
right that's that's the one only
reason Am I Wrong the only reason is
that we don't trust a drug addict to
make good decisions with the
gun but yet we do trust the drug addict
to make a good decision filling out
paperwork
seriously it's I it's a weirdly good
argument but it can't be
accepted the reason you can't accept it
is is because it refuses Free
Will so so the problem here is that free
will is what's on trial not a
hunter they're actually triing free will
because if he has free will well then
he's guilty and it doesn't matter if he
took drugs because you know those are
all his choices if he doesn't have free
will then not only could you make an
argument that on some moral grounds he's
not guilty although the law would say
otherwise uh but it was also you refute
all of the legal system like the entire
legal system would have to be thrown out
if if you know if you could say well
it's not what I was thinking at the time
or you could say I didn't have free will
so it's an interesting story I don't
think his I don't think his argument is
wrong on a philosophical sense I don't
think it'll work as a legal argument but
what else does he have and then somebody
said said that the charge could be up to
25 years in jail how many of you think
that lying about your drug use to get a
gun should put you in jail for 25 years
do any of you think that sounds about
right I mean it wasn't used in the
commission of a crime didn't have
priors how in the world is that fair I I
mean I hate to wake up and have to
defend Hunter Biden but there's no way I
think you should be in jail for 25 years
for lying on a
form I we need to find some kind of
perspective it's Mak me making me wonder
if this is political
too is this trial only being pushed for
political reasons why would you even do
it well here's another question I'd like
to ask
you if being a drug addict and then
getting a gun which requires you to sign
something apparently in whatever state
he was that says you're not a drug
addict don't you think that maybe 25% of
all gun
owners may have lied on the application
in the same
way in in my experience at least 25% of
the adult public is addicted to drugs
either alcohol or something else pills
or something when you say
25% so can you put somebody in jail for
25 years for doing exactly the same
thing exactly the same thing that maybe
25% of all gun owners
did and who gets to say if you're a drug
addict versus your between usage for
example if you were a drug addict but
you came you became clean do you say
you're still not a drug addict no if
you're a drug addict and you haven't had
a drug for 20 years you're still a drug
addict am I wrong you're just a drug
addict who's got it under control so if
you're a drug addict who hasn't had a
drug for a little
while do you get to say that you're not
one when you fill out your Federal Form
because that would be a lie so does
everybody who ever used to be drinking
too much or used to be on drugs do they
never get to have a a gun because they
would be lying if they say they're not
drug addicts they would be that would
definitely be a lie
what what
if and this is how I would do the
defense here's how I do it I'd say this
standard of are you or are you not a
drug addict is
subjective in other words the day I got
the gun it was in my honest opinion a
day when I was not a drug addict because
that day I wasn't high and I plann to
stay that way I plan to stay not high so
the day I applied for the gun in my own
opinion which is the only one that
matters because it's not based on a
medical standard it's based on
self-reporting and my self-reported
truth was that
day in my own mind I believed I was
clean and was going to stay clean it
didn't work out I didn't stay clean but
when I got the
gun I was not a drug addict in my
opinion and if if it's somebody else's
opin opinion that you were a drug addict
how do you apply that
standard so there's kind of an
interesting question here that it could
easily get to the Supreme Court which is
how do you apply the standard that
somebody is a drug addict at the moment
of the
purchase I don't see how that standard
could ever work so it's interesting
we'll see all right uh Pierce Morgan had
some guesss on uh and it was funny
because the the panel was for smart
people plus a
Democrat I know that sounds funny but
that's what it
was and uh one of the people was uh
Michael nolles you know him from daily
wire and he said S Pierce Pierce to ask
the
Democrat uh he said I would challenge
her to see if she could articulate what
crime Trump committed because she was
going all anti-trump and he's a felon
and so
Pierce smelling blood in the water goes
and uh What uh what what crime did Trump
commit just in the most non-threatening
way yeah and what uh what crime was that
so she goes uh well it was a it was a
financial crimes or white collar crimes
and then Pierce just calmly goes I know
but like specifically like what was the
crime well things and things and
complicated Financial
things that weren't supposed to be those
things that were different than the
things and Pierce just made her he just
made her squirm while the other SM smart
people were just smiling with that
pleased
look oh I want to see more of
this can we please please just have
Democrats on and have somebody asked to
describe what the charge was can we
please do that
that' be
great there's some kind of melanoma shot
that in early trials looks impressive so
if you had a melanoma cancer they say
this mRNA shot it's a vaccine they say
uh could cut the risk of dying in half
so I don't know why they call it a
vaccine because you get it after you got
the melanoma so I didn't know the word
work that way but uh do you trust the
new mRNA vaccine if if it becomes
available you going to sign up for that
here's a
problem are you like me you've lost all
Faith In Everything
Medical I just don't believe anything
from a doctor or the science or the just
I've lost all all credibility is just
gone I don't know what to do about that
let's talk about the fake news so the
Washington Post had a big shake up they
had a new attit
and uh here's the funny part so the CEO
Will Lewis he was having an all hands
meeting a guest telling people what the
changes would be and he was asked at the
meeting uh whether he had interviewed
any diverse candidates or women to be
the new executive
editor because I replaced a woman who
was the executive editor and I guess
they must have picked a white man and so
the staff
said I don't know about that white man
have you talked to anybody who wasn't a
a white
man cuz we don't really think we're
comfortable having a white man there
unless you worked really really hard to
make sure it wasn't a white man and
there was just nothing you could do
about it he was just the only person who
could do this job and we kind of frankly
a little bit a little bit skeptical that
there's not a single diverse candidate
in the whole world who could be in this
job as editor of the Washington
Post so uh I only Bring It because it's
funny to watch Dei eat the Washington
Post remember the Washington Post is who
started the cancellation of Dilbert
that's you know they're the ones who
made the big difference
anyway and they're getting eaten by
their
own
philosophy so
sad um so Alex Soros who's now in charge
of the big Soros
funding uh he retweeted or rep posted uh
an article in the
Atlantic and the title was Trump's plan
to supercharge
inflation now I didn't read the
article because if you actually read an
article in an publication called the
Atlantic oh I'm
sorry I'm sorry that happened to you now
you don't read the articles now the
Atlantic if you didn't know is your
biggest signal for fake news maybe the
fake of all the fake the Atlantic is
going to do the stuff that even MSNBC
would be too embarrassed to do right so
that in terms of the uh pure propaganda
you know they're all the way in the pure
propaganda something like you know the
AP or you know even CNN that they might
be
biased but the Atlantic is not in the
category of we have a preference no
they're just outright propaganda now if
you didn't know that you would think oh
this is something to consider maybe
maybe Trump will supercharge inflation
and by the way I'm not saying he won't
because I don't think any of our leaders
have any control of the of the Deb at
this point but uh here's the other thing
I always wondered how the Democrats got
their marching orders like how do they
know what to say so that they're all
saying the same thing and I guess we
know so what it takes is Alex Soros who
is their main source of funding he's
like the biggest source of funding for
the Democrats he simply posts something
on social media and points to an article
and then that's the talking point so
watch for the talking point to be that
Trump's going to make inflation
worse now you notice that the the fakest
of the fake news will always go after
whatever is the democrat's weakest point
and then they'll start a fake news
that's you know whatever is the counter
to the weakest point so Biden's weakest
point is inflation so the Atlantic
predictably comes up with some article
that I never going to read but the title
says it all Trump's plan to supercharge
inflation so yes if you see an Alex
Soros post about an Atlantic article you
just saw the signal coming from the
funer of what the Democrats need to say
to keep the person who gives them money
happy there it is now if you didn't know
that you didn't know what the Atlantic
is and you didn't know who Alex Soros is
it would just be a post but once you
learn the players you can you can see
that this is the messaging from the top
telling everybody what to
do that that's your real government
right there the actual government is
Alex Soros posting an Atlantic story
because that will change CH more things
than almost anything else the government
was
doing so here's what you need to know
about that what you need to know is that
the Atlantic is like the Adam shiff of
Jamie
raskins I'm going to say it again
because it was so clever the
Atlantic as a publication it's like the
Adam shift of Jamie
raskins there there's a small band of
propagandists who are always the ones
you see when there's like a serious
problem with the narrative like they're
the narrative doctors yeah or the
narrative you know maybe
Killers
assassins all right speaking of
narrative
assassins the Biden Administration
somebody in it as uh the some Department
of Justice group is indicting The Epic
Times Chief Financial Officer for an
alleged gigantic money laundering scheme
of 67
million now the Gateway pundits
reporting this now the epoch I never
know if it's epic or Epoch but
um they are a right leading
publication and suddenly they're getting
closed down do you think it's a
coincidence this close to an election
that one of the uh
reliably anti-biden anti-democrat
Publications just suddenly had a big fin
iial
allegation now my take on this I saw
Mike Ben's posting on this and the
implication was that it was a a BS
lawfare thing but there are
details that the the story comes with
some details about the allegations and
there are a lot of details for something
that's totally made
up so I'm going to say there's something
that happened here because there are way
too many
details uh but that doesn't mean the
individual who got picked up is guilty
you know innocent until proven guilty
and in these days of lawfare you really
do have to take seriously that maybe
it's completely made up you know I I
don't think Mike Ben is crazy when his
first instinct is it's completely made
up because we live in a world where it
would be completely within the expected
range of behavior to close down a a uh
an entity entirely just because you
didn't like what they were saying we do
live in that world that's that's not
speculative that's that's exactly our
current environment Anything Could
Happen well I continue to be uh amused
and entertained by CNN trying to find
the middle ground and damn it they did
it
again so I'm I'm going to give them
credit again for telling a story exactly
the way I want the story told and what I
mean by that is they showed both sides
and they didn't shade it a bit so here's
what I mean so James carille was on the
network and he you said you know stop
making a big deal about the fact that
judge Maran once made a $35 donation to
a some kind of stop Trump organization
and he criticized CNN's own one of their
top legal analysts Eli honig who had you
know pointed out a number of
improprieties in the lawfare cases
against Trump so so now you've got Eli H
honig doing what I would consider a
really solid analysis exactly the kind
of thing that CN CNN needs to be
credible because you you're going to see
the other side so why not see the the
real one uh and then here just pulling
it all together Smur
cones uh
once um once Carville had criticized Eli
honig smes has Eli honig on to defend
himself and his defense was quite strong
he said imagine it was the other way
around imagine the judge in this case
had donated to a anti-biden prot trump
go Maga uh organization but it was only
$35 yeah hey hey so don't worry people
it was only
$35 would that be okay would anybody be
complain complaining about that of
course they would it would be the
biggest complaint in the
world so without taking sides on the
topic itself uh smires is being
smish and he's he's showing you the
actual arguments in the real world
without the spin he showing both
sides uh so I have total respect for
that all
right
um then as you're learning who the
characters are another big signal that
the Democrat narrative is broken and
they've sent out the repair team is a
fellow on ABC News and you know him his
name is George Sten
papalos wait I I think I pronounced that
right it's a
George
sopas PN
snas
pfas well George let's call him George
so uh he had on one of uh Trump's
lawyers and uh he was insisting that
there is no evidence come on there's no
evidence that the prosecution and the
New York trial had any coordination with
the Biden White House I I don't know
what you're talking about and I'm going
to make that face of
you yeah you have to see the photo
that's in at least the one on social
media of the George stopless face he's
just
like I will make this face of you to
change to change how your words are
received by my public stop saying those
words I don't want to
hear I'll use my face to stop them
well and then I guess uh I think it was
Will sharf was the attorney and he he
pointed out that the number three person
at Biden's Department of Justice stepped
down meaning took it to motion willingly
inv voluntarily to go work on this case
and that would certainly
suggest a strong inference of
coordination with the white house and
then when you add the funny Willis's
prosecutors meeting at the White House
and some other stuff it looks kind of
obvious but no George is the vapas
says no way fake news no coordination
there is no evidence of that so here's
what you need to know if you know the
players you can tell what's True by who
they send to tell it's
false this is really important you can
tell what's True by which character
specifically they send to say it's false
if they send Adam Schiff to say it's not
true oh it's true
if they send Jamie Raskin to say it's
not true it's definitely true if they
send George
stenopus to say it's not true oh it's
definitely true it's definitely true and
if the Atlantic says something's true
it's definitely not true so there those
are your strongest signals for fake news
uh Rasin Schiff and George stefas in the
Atlantic and then you can see that Alex
Soros seems to be you know maybe pushing
the narrative from the
top we're told I see unusual whales who
reporting that there's some expectation
that Biden's going to sign an
immigration order to temporarily close
the
border from Asylum
Seekers does that even sound
real I'm having trouble believing
anything these days do you believe it's
real
that a few months before the election
Biden would suddenly discover that he
had the power to close the border and
then he would do
it thus proving
that the whole thing was based on either
incompetence or a giant scheme to
destroy the
country or
something be because at this point
doesn't seem like he'd be better off
acting like he it was
impossible because if he just turns
around and issues an executive order and
closes the border you know seals it
tighter than a baby's butt or something
I don't know there's some some kind of
old saying like that no that's smoother
you don't want to say tighter than the
baby's butt that sounds really bad I
think the saying is SM no it's tighter
than a n's ass but smoother than a
baby's
butt you don't want to confuse
[Laughter]
those never confuse those two
all right my father had a lot of uh
colorful sayings every every now and
then you know you become your father you
don't want to but every now and then
I'll dredge up some old saying that I
heard when I was you know eight years
old and never left me tighter than a
Nat's
ass all
right uh there's there's an article in
the hill so the hill has become sort of
hilarious the publication of the Hill uh
uh because the closer it gets to the
election the more laughably absurd the
commentary is let me give you this one
there's somebody named Alexander Bolton
who's writing in the hill now how many
people have a last name of
Bolton I mean I know there are a few
there's a
singer but I just wonder if he's you
know related to any other boltons in the
government I don't know uh I'm just
wondering I haven't looked it up but
here's one of the things you said
and I quote right now listen to this
this is a real thing that somebody wrote
in a real publication and it got
published right just try to hold on to
your head and just just try to hold your
head from exploding this is just
casually stated like it's a fact okay
Maran who earned favorable reviews from
legal experts for his careful handling
of the case
judge Manan who earned favorable reviews
from legal experts for his careful
handling of the
case wh which reality did that happen
in I was very much in the other reality
the one where all I heard were uh people
like Eli honig and you know dtz and
basically everybody
honest said it was a a total hijob
and but but even if you're going to say
they he earn favorable reviews Because
by the way that's not false he did earn
favorable reviews from all the
partisans but if you're not going to
point out the some of the most um
respected legal Minds in America have
said it's total lawfare and the most
ridiculous thing they've ever seen in
the history of of the
courts I think you left out kind of a
key fact there it's kind of a key fact
propaganda anyway the the uh topic was
whether or not there'll be jail time for
Trump and some people say he might
choose it but it could be house arrest
or it could be community
service um it would be highly unusual
say the
experts I don't think it would be highly
unusual to put him in jail and the
reason is it would be highly unusual
that he would be even charged with those
crimes so if you start with the most
highly unusual prosecution in the highly
unusual world we live in
it's completely within the realm of
expected behavior that they would put
him in
jail if the death sentence was on the
table I would say it might be you know
maybe it just you know luckily it's not
one of the
options so yeah let's keep an eye on
that now the interesting thing is that
um I'm hearing some people
say that maybe the the judges will be
influenced by the fact that if they rule
against trump it could cause a civil
war if they if they uh if they were to
put him in
jail do you think it would cause a civil
war if Trump is put in
jail the answer is oh yes it would but
you know what happens it's too close to
the election
now today if you put Trump in
jail it guarantees his election ction
and he's already said Bring It On yeah
if if it's jail it's jail you know it's
not going to be like years if it's jail
it's only going to be jail until he's
president then he pardons himself I
guess or something happens
but I think he's willing to go to jail
because it's easier it's probably easier
than
campaigning it would be the best
campaign of all but here's what I think
given that he made you know allegedly
$200 million in campaign donations
because of the
lawfare if he spent one minute in jail
do you have any
idea the size of his campaign
donations the as soon as like his foot
crosses that barrier into a jail cell
it'll be like that foot just enters the
jail cell and it's just going to be
kaching kaching kaching
kinging it's going to rain money
like nobody's ever seen in their life so
he's in this situation which he didn't
create for himself Trump did not create
this situation but he sort of has two
ways to win and no way to lose unless
they do something really illegal which
is an
option um because if he's not in jail
he's going to win and if he's in jail
he's going to win twice as
hard
and what are they going to
do here's the funny part 38 countries
have banned uh Trump not speciic
specifically but because he's a felon so
if you're a felon did you know that you
can't uh travel to the United
States if you weren't already a citizen
you couldn't even visit the United
States if you're a felon I didn't know
that actually I don't mind that that's a
law but I wasn't aware of
that but other countries where you can't
go if you're a felon so imagine if he's
president but he's still a felon he he
wouldn't be able to travel to China
Australia Canada or India now here's the
question do you really think China and
India are going to say no if he wants to
visit let's take India how about
Australia Australia too if Trump says I
want to visit India or Australia are
they going to say oh we'd really love to
have you but we got this
law no they would just change the law or
they do whatever they had to do or they
just ignore it or something yeah no
they'd let him
in um and then some people are thinking
that China's social media is really
pushing the Trump felon thing so the the
thinking is that China is trying to push
us into Civil
War let me explain something about
Republicans that may not be obvious if
you're watching from the
outside if you've seen all the street
protests in the past few years uh I said
this before but it's where
repeating the only thing that ever
becomes a straight protest is something
that's organized and funded by some
bigger entity so there's no such thing
as like an organic you know black lives
matter protest or antifa these are all
organized things Republicans don't have
that there's no entity that organizes
Republicans for
protests so short of
that there's nothing that would cause
everybody to just sort of I don't know
pick up sticks and whatever else they
have and go out in the street at the
same time and where would they even go
so there's no organizational structure
that would cause Republicans to hit the
streets and I don't see it forming and
if it did form I would probably tell you
to ignore them and then you might say to
me but Scott that's clearly not true
because on the January 6 event that was
organized and that was a big old
problem and I counter that with saying
no it wouldn't have even been anything
except they were already there for
Trump's speech if the people weren't
there for Trump's speech and therefore
there was already a big crowd for that
reason and they just had someplace else
to go after the speech so sure there
might have been people who had gone
directly to the capital if there had
never been any Trump speech but how many
I mean a few hundred it would have made
no difference at all it was only that
there was just a a massive Crush of
people and that was only because of a
coincidence that they just happened to
be there for Trump speech so no I see
absolutely no possibility that there is
a civil war because even on January 6
the Republicans left their weapons home
now this is where the Democrats go no
they didn't no they didn't they brought
the weapons that was that one time that
one person who had a stick all right so
we're going toore all the stupid NPCs
uh that there I think I want to make a
list of all the NPC
comments the the thing that somebody
will definitely say I say the protesters
were unarmed on January 6 what does the
NPC say what what about the ones who use
flag poles to hit people okay that did
happen what about uh somebody had a gun
in their car well okay that probably
happened too but really are those your
counter to a 99% peaceful
protest all
right the 11th uh circuit court has
upheld uh a ruling that said the Venture
Capital firm can't be
racists well that's good as something
called The Fearless fund they were
trying to have some kind of grants that
were race-based and they got
sued and uh apparently now they they
can't they can't be race based so
apparently Dei is dying in uh A Thousand
Cuts uh meanwhile over at Harvard The
Faculty has dropped the mandatory
diversity statement can you believe that
ever existed I remember hearing stories
about the McCarthy hearings you know I
was too young to remember them but the
McCarthy hearings were famous as like a
A Dark Day in American history that you
know people had to show their loyalty to
the country and act like they're don't
have any bad political ideas or you'll
be blacklisted forever and but to know
that you were alive when Harvard forced
you to make a Dei diversity statement
and if you didn't say the right stuff
and forcefully enough you couldn't get
hired it just amazes me that a like a
political pledge to diversity had to be
made before he could get
job unbelievable but at least they
backed off on that wisely because of the
pressure uh Bill Maher who is uh 99% uh
um rational but everything he says about
Trump is actually just bad crazy I
mean Bill Mah is basically just a a
20-year-old college girl when it comes
to Trump oh no he's under the bed I
think he's going to climb up on the bed
and rape me me now Bill Mah is a
20-year-old college student
female and uh he thinks that magga would
go nuts if Trump is
jailed yes we will go
nuts with our
wallets do you know why we' go nuts with
our
wallets as opposed to our
guns because we're not
crazy we're not crazy the bullets will
work guns would be a big
mistake so we'll use the thing that
works yeah put him in jail for one day
he will become more of a legend than
ever if you want to turn him into you
know the greatest martyr of all time in
America go
ahead go ahead I'm G to say the same
thing that Trump said don't beg for
anything if if it's going to happen it's
going to happen and we'll take that
variable and will'll work with it and we
can work with it we can guarantee his
election and you know what else is
funny I'm assuming there's no way he'd
ever be in general
population we're we're clear on that
right I mean even if they tried the you
most ridiculous thing of getting rid of
all security and put him into the
general population to be killed I don't
think there's really any chance of that
happening so you know what you know what
the interesting thing is
if their plan was to assassinate him
before he got into office before the
election he'd be too
protected because he he would be in the
safest place that uh president could
ever
be as long as he's he's away from the
other prisoners which I imagine he would
be it's the safest place he could be so
they might find the one way to guarantee
he becomes president and I'm not sure I
would have a civil war over that right
Trump gets some
rest wins the
election uh it would reveal the other
side for exactly what they
are and then when he gets out he's going
to be really
mad and I like
that so I I have to say I'm feeling a
weird bit of optimism uh for all the
wrong
reasons um so rasmuson has her first
poll since the felony conviction and it
shows that Trump's support went down a
little bit I don't think it went down
enough uh that's outside the margin of
error but it's a little bit down
surprised me but he's still uh handily
wins in a three-way matchup which is
what it looks like it will be 45 to 40
but he had a bigger lead according to
them now uh was it I think it was in the
hill also the report reporting that the
there are now uh there there are polls
that show Biden is even or
ahead do you believe the polls that say
that Biden uh pulled even or is
ahead I don't I do not believe those
bows all right um let's
see here's the biggest story of the
day and it's uh one two three four five
six
words here's the most important six
words to tell you everything you need to
know about the
next four
months you ready six words that tell you
everything you need to know for the next
four
months it's safe to back Trump
now it's safe to back
Trump now examples please
um Colin rug had a good list of examples
on X Doug Leon sequa Capital big
billionaire guy he said yep I've become
increasingly concerned about the general
direction of the country blah blah blah
uh therefore I'm supporting president
Trump that's a big big deal if
somebody's ahe of a uh you know Sequoia
capital or you know a big member of a
big VC firm it's a big deal because
they're very
visible Sean Maguire sea Capital also
announced on X he was donating
300,000 um and prior to that he donated
to Hillary
Clinton these are some big
flips David Sachs as you know craft
Ventures he's got a fundraiser going on
for
Trump um chth chth Padia Social Capital
he's also hosting a fundraiser both of
those guys were not at least prominent
Republicans before Bill akman always
voted Democrat persing Square he's he
says he's likely to back Trump after
supporting Democrats forever and then
Steve schwarzman the black of
Blackstone a super rich guy he'll be
backing Trump for
2024
now there probably a number of reasons
for this number one you saw that CNN was
starting to cover the Trump Biden situ
situation at least was some balance that
makes it a lot safer for ordinary normal
people to say all right it looks like
you know both sides are out there and
people are not getting killed for it so
I guess I can jump in the other thing is
that I think people genuinely think
another another term of Biden could be
the end of
America I think that I think another
term of Biden could be might not be but
it could be the end of America as you
know know it I think that's legitimately
a real thing and they're probably a
little panicked about holding on to
their situation which is the best
situation in the world being a rich
person in America pretty good deal they
probably like to stay that way
so I like to think
that um my contribution to any of this
is to make it
safe so I think I made it safe to save
her to criticize
Dei would you
agree and a lot of other people are
doing the same so a lot of notable
people who have reputations to protect
are also coming out and say you know
what it's a bunch of garbage here but
I'll tell you one thing that most of
these people have in common or if not
all of them have you detected the one
thing that all the people have in common
who are now feeling safe that they can
say Trump would be a better opt
what is it about them well a lot of them
are rich but it's not that something
better is something more
telling we don't have
bosses that's the key variable I don't
have a
boss I used to have you know customers
that could cancel me and then they did
they did primarily for being a trump
supporter they had an excuse but mostly
it was
that so I don't have a boss and I'm not
worried about getting fired I guess
again so I can tell you what I actually
think what does uh what do Shan Maguire
David Sachs chth Bill lman Doug Leon and
Steve schwarzman have in
common no
bosses no
bosses only people would know bosses
have freedom of speech and there's a
reason
because big companies don't have the
option of being
provocative big companies have to stick
with the the most common narrative
because that's the safest thing so if
you have a boss who works for a big
company let's say let me use an example
that might resonate with you let's say
you are a
doctor but you don't have a private
practice and work for yourself because
that's actually kind of rare these days
you work for a big hospital or a big
Medical Group you have a
boss and then a pandemic comes along and
the official word is get these
vaccinations and your company says you
know we're going to make a ton of money
if you get everybody vaccinated so if I
hear you saying that maybe you shouldn't
get a vaccination you're
fired so as long as we basically have a
situation in the United States where
free speech is limited lied to people
who don't have a boss because if you
have a boss the Agents of censorship
will get to the boss because that's your
weak spot the the boss will cave first
because they're not about politics the
boss is about money and should be so as
soon as they say oh my money is
threatened I'll do whatever you
say so you can always make the big
entity the government the big
organization the big company they're too
embarrassed to not full diversity full
narrative full Democrat you know view of
life so I'd like to suggest that an
interesting framing for the coming
months is that free speech exists only
for people who don't have bosses because
that's the truth everybody who has a
boss is
lying that's just the truth everybody
who has a boss and is talking about
politics in public they're probably
lying because they have to they
literally have to lie or they get fired
now that doesn't mean that some of them
don't believe what they're saying but
I'm just
saying yeah all right let's do a little
less of that in the comments please over
on
locals yeah I I get it there a real book
and that's the title of the book but you
you're not helping
out let let let's let's have some kind
of a
standard that is uh don't make it easy
for people to close down the close down
the
channel don't make it easy don't make it
easy by the way I'm not offended by what
you did it's just a cover of a book and
it's a book on the market and you know I
just wouldn't do that
here okay I appreciate it apology
accepted see that's how it's done did
you watch that that's how adults do it
saw something I didn't like said why I
didn't like it he says sorry I say
apology accepted Now we move
on the whole world should be like that
like that that's a perfect transaction
right there everything's good now have I
ever told you that apologies are like a
superpower for men because men unlike
women accept apologies
did you know that did you know that men
only men accept
apologies and and and I've I've
explained this to women and they don't
understand
it yeah like I'll explain that once
there's an apology and then an
acceptance of apology I'll never think
about it again for the rest of my life
I'll never think about it once it's
completely
flushed but it's like a superpower so
men can work with other men cuz as soon
as you get you know you get checked on
something it's like too far and and if
that if that makes sense like you have
to make your case you can't be just
random then another man will say oh
you're right sorry apology accepted
moving on so good little moment
there all right uh let's see what else
uh caros
Swisher it might be one of the dumbest
people in all of politics so I love I
love watching it just to find the dumb
Parts uh but she said about Trump she
was talking to Bill
Maher and she believes that there's a
silent majority of Americans that will
come out for Biden on voting day a
silent
majority is there somebody who was
afraid to be in in favor of
Biden that might be the worst political
analysis I've ever heard in my life uh
and then she said we don't want chaos
again talking about electing Trump we
don't want chaos again
chaos
chaos did you have more chaos under the
Trump Administration than we have now
how how do you measure how do you
measure the chaos I think inflation is
chaos I think on uh I think Ukraine is
chaos I think the way Biden handled the
Middle East is chaos I think an open
border is chaos I think lawfare against
your opponents is chaos what the do
you think is chaos you stupid piece of
 you are so dumb you should not be
talking in public Caris Swisher
Cara Swisher is the Alex Soros of Rosie
O'Donald's speaking of Rosie O'Donald
have you ever seen her in the same room
with Michael
Cohen it was only it was only today I
found out that Michael Cohen and Rosie
adonald are different people I was
confused about that for a
while anyway I'm just in front of all
the ridiculous people but but Caris
Wisher might be the dumbest person who
talks about politics in in
person and there's a lot of competition
for that um so apparently Trump and some
other smart people are saying that the
New York stormmy Daniels case the felony
case against Trump Should Skip the
appell process and go directly to the
Supreme
Court I I have a mixed feeling about
that but I would defer to the smarter
legal experts that that's a better
strategy I guess it's available as a
strategy but I have to admit I would
love to see the lower
courts deal with the imperfections of
the
case because I'd like to see them say
look good to
me because I want to see how rotten the
system is and this is one of those test
cases where you could know for sure if
the appell court is just political and
rotten so I'd love to test them just to
see if they're as rotten as we think it
would be interesting to
know but it would also be good to get
her off the plate and you know move on
get rid of the felony and all that so I
can see both ways but I would miss it if
we didn't get to condemn the appell
court as part of this
process all right now I need a fact
check on this but I understand the
Supreme Court is in the process of soon
we'll be ruling on the question of what
presidential immunity is and is
not and the fact check I need is that
that would have a potential impact on
the New York stormmy Daniels
verdict now is that because the felony
charge
depended
on there being
a alleged felony or a depending on a
federal offense right so even though it
was a state charge the state charge was
elevated to a felony because it was
pointing to the covering up of a
illegality and a federal charge but
since they weren't charging the federal
charge he wasn't guilty of the federal
charge only the state charge for
covering up the Federal chart or
something like that I don't know I can't
I can't do any better than the Democrat
they had cuz it's so weird but I guess I
need to know is that real that if the
Supreme Court ruled um that there's a
lot of a lot of immunity could that
reverse the lower could that reverse the
uh trial verdict can I get a yes or no
from that from anybody who's actually in
that field of
work I'm seeing some yeses but I don't
know if those are yeses because people
in the news said it or are you saying it
B on your own
[Music]
analysis it will impact the Georgia case
of election
interference okay so it could affect
some of his cases we'll see how that
works
out um Attorney General Andrew belly
he's the AG from
Missouri uh I guess they're challenging
the uh student loan debt cancellation
thing and that makes
sense the strong argument that why would
you take money from poor people and give
it to rich people which is uh at least
partly what's H what happens with st
student loan forgiveness because a lot
of the student loans are for people who
had money or at least came from families
that did have
money
um we're g to I guess we'll have to talk
about the fouchy hearing I just hate the
whole fouchy
situation but I guess I got to talk
about it
in a minute
um but first uh Biden is at some kind of
fundraiser and this is what he said
about Trump um here's what's becoming
clearer and clearer every day this is
Biden talking the threat that Trump
poses would be greater in his second
term than it was in his first
term you mean the zero risk of his first
term where we observe nothing happening
of any
consequence might be worse than zero it
could be two times zero if you know what
I mean twice as bad as zero wait two
times zero that's still
zero all
right um he says uh this isn't the same
Trump who got elected in 2016 he's worse
oh this is new the argument is that he's
a new worst Trump I wonder what it would
made Trump so angry
did anything happen to Trump between
2016 and now that would make him
angry and then he says something snapped
in him when he lost in 2020 he can't
accept he
lost and is literally driving him crazy
now he's running again he's not only
obsessed with losing in 2020 he is
clearly unhinged called him a convicted
felon now this is more of what I call
the imaginary
campaign so we've got a president that's
probably imaginary meaning he's probably
not the one making any
decisions and the imaginary president is
saying he should be reelected to another
imaginary term because there's a greater
risk of his imagination of what a second
term of Trump would look like and that
he imagines what Trump is thinking and
he imagines that there bad stuff in his
head and he imagine that he snaps and
imagine that he's
unhinged it literally is a campaign all
about Biden's
imagination so the imagination of a
dementia patient is now the main planks
of the democratic party and do you know
who thinks that's a good
idea apparently Alex
Soros he thinks the imaginary campaign
is the way to go yeah because that all
the chaos
is it imaginary oh let's ask the
smartest person in politics Cara Cara
swisser oh no the chaos oh no he's going
to steal my
democracy he already took my Norms he's
got my Norms he's going to steal my
democracy and he's going to bring his
chaos are are there any people who are
Democrats who are living in the real
world the actual world where the borders
open and inflation is high can they see
that one no it's the chaos he steal my
democracy he took my Norms I think he's
snapping I think he's unhinged could be
worse than the first
term well it's Congress versus Dr fouchi
here's what we know about it Davis saaks
had a great summary of it but I'll
summarize his
summary uh that fouchi uh funded gain a
function
when he was when in
Wuhan that he knew and wrote about that
was a very risky proposition but he
thought it was worth the risk uh sure
enough that risk happened the virus got
out and then when pressed about it he's
allegedly lied about it and he tacted
his of critics were claiming it's true
now these are things which he would say
never happened of course he would have
his own version of that
he uh says he's not the one who came up
with that 6 foot distancing rule that
was the CDC but some would say well
maybe you didn't come up with it but you
certainly seem to be a little too happy
about it um he claims that the
unvaccinated are responsible for 200 to
300,000 deaths so
there believe the
science Case
Closed literally nobody in the room
believe that
at least not the
Republicans and uh representative Jim
Jordan asked him quote you agree that
there was a push to downplay the lab
leak Theory fouchi looked looked at him
directly and said none on my
part I kept an open mind through the
whole
process now as others have said that's
not how we remembered it but I'm going
to push back on that's not how we
remembered it we don't have a good
memory of this do you do you think that
your memory of what fouchi did or did
not do is
accurate probably
not from my this is based on hypnosis
experience if you go through a situation
exactly like this the most predictable
thing I could tell you is you'll have
massive false memories of what fouchi
did or did not
do because he's he's sort of the uh
receptacle of all your hate you know all
the bad experience that you had during
the pandemic ends up getting focused
because we like to blame a person and
he's a kind of a handy one to blame so
I've listened to all the accusations
against him and I've heard his you know
weasly excuses for why he's now guilty I
think the truth is somewhere in the
middle on this one somewhere in the
middle I think there's some things he
being blamed about that
maybe he's got an argument for there are
things he's blame for that he definitely
doesn't have an argument for apparently
he'd been trying to dice this whole
question about gain a function that I
guess he got redefined at some point and
the redefinition was pushed by the
people wanted to do the
work so the people who wanted to do the
work in the Wuhan lab the stuff that got
out they couldn't have done it under an
old definition of gain a function so
they worked to change the
definition and the definition was
well it could gain a function but it
can't be more it can't be worse for
humans or it can't be more than 10 times
worse which seems like the stupidest
standard in the world if you make a gain
of function that's 10 times worse I
don't want that I don't want that at all
and then the allegation is that what
they made uh even after changing the
definition
was something that would still be gain
of function under any definition that it
was way more
spread and let's
see so the the bottom line is that uh
the Republicans were trying to make ay
out of you know insulting in public and
blaming him for it
all
um and let's
see and then I guess there were some
things that he represented as settled
science that were far from
settled anyway so everything about that
is exactly what you thought it would be
it's fouchy claiming he wasn't so bad
and Republicans saying you're twice as
bad as anybody
knows uh margerie Taylor green kept that
interesting I continue to enjoy the show
she puts
on there's a National Institute of
Health this American entity that I don't
understand this so maybe somebody can
help me apparently the National
Institute of
Health somehow has a deal where they can
get
royalties from drugs and drug
companies that they have some some
influence
on and the story sort of Skips the
important part so I don't know the
important part of the story I'll tell
you what I know apparently there were
seven somebody figured out there are 710
million in royalties during the pandemic
that went I don't know all or some
to uh American officials in the National
Institute of
Health here's the part I don't
know why did they get
royalties wait
what can anybody explain how that came
about what what was the path by which
people who were part of some American
Institution that has some influence over
what we do in health that they're
getting paid by the drug
companies paid indirectly through the
royalties how in the world did that ever
come about in the first
place like we're we're arguing that it
that this shouldn't
happen but shouldn't we be
arguing how did it happen in the first
place like what what mechanism even
allowed that to even be a possibility
it's craziest story there's something
about it I don't know and it's not in
the news so the most important part
seems to be missing how'd that happen in
the first
place I don't
know well ladies and
gentlemen that concludes my comments for
today um I think the biggest story of
the day is that you're going to see more
people who don't have bosses don't have
bosses say that they're going to go
Trump and I think the the impetus is
that with great power comes great
responsibility what I mean by that is if
you're a bill lman or you're you're head
of one of these big companies David
Sachs chamoth the people who have that
much influence both because they have
money but they're in positions where
people listens to their
opinions uh they have great
power and they're sitting on the
sidelines or had been sitting on the
sidelines just saying oh let me let me
do my business thing and make my money
and take care of my family and you guys
handle the
politics but now you see what
happens if the
adults leave the politicians to politics
it doesn't turn into an adult game
anymore it turns into this weird
criminal looking I don't know what it is
so you're seeing the adults re-enter the
room they're the people who have the
power but until now had chosen to use it
you know for capitalism and family
reasons and now they realize that with
that great power comes great
responsibility do you think that David
Sachs wants to be in politics like wants
to be doing this every day I don't know
because I'm not a mind reader but
probably
not probably would rather be doing
almost anything else but with great
power comes great responsibility and by
the way that's exactly what drives me
I don't know if you knew
that but the thing that drives me is the
Spider-Man problem I'm well aware that I
have the ability to get attention that
other people don't have it's just a
power now it's because of my job and you
know something about you know learning
how to deal in the public
realm but it is what it is and so if if
I've got this power I feel I feel the
pull I feel that I have to do do
something personally even if it's hard
even if it's
dangerous because I have the
power let me give you an example uh
you're a man and a woman you're married
and uh a crazy guy comes running at you
with I don't know knife or a club or
something uh what do you do
instantly well if you're like most
people instantly the woman backs up and
the man stands between the As salant and
the woman and does whatever he needs to
do it might not work out well but he's
going to do it anyway why why does that
why do both the woman and the man
automatically know without any
conversation that she needs to back the
 up and he needs to go
forward it's because with gray power
comes responsibility if the woman could
beat that as salent well you do it the
other way but she can't
her odds are low and you know we also
want to protect female entities that can
create babies and be mothers and stuff
like that so there's there's a natural
impulse to protect women if you're a
man but I think that we're wired for
power will stay dormant until it's
called so there's there gigantic power
pockets in the United States that are d
because they're just doing their own
business you know they're doing great
things but it's their own business Elon
Musk would be a perfect example someone
doing amazing things and changing the
world in the business realm but I don't
think he wanted to be commenting on
politics I think he realized that the
the country was coming off the rails and
if he talked people would listen and he
probably knew that he can communicate
better than most people
and so he got drawn in it's the
Spider-Man problem so you're going to
watch the Spider-Man problem start just
it's going to be this big sucking sound
it's going to be sucking every person
who doesn't have a boss this is very
important doesn't have a boss uh you're
going to see more and more of them
coming into the
game and that will be the big I think
that's going to be the big story going
into the election is the the number of
power Pockets that came
online and that ladies and gentlemen is
all I have today so I'm going to say
some words to the uh locals subscribers
but if you're on X or YouTube or Rumble
I'm going to say bye to you now and uh
thanks for joining see you
tomorrow and I'll stall a little
bit
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e