are I think it's time for a
show come on in
here let's get my comments working and
then we'll go
wild come on comments you can do
it there we are
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams you never
had a better time but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a coverm or a glass of tanker
Chels a Stein a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee en join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the simult
a sip and it happens
now good
stuff well um after the show will be a
spaces event with hosted by Owen
Gregorian if you want to talk some more
about whatever happened here or I
suppose anything else it's on your mind
so right after the show look for Owen
Gregorian and a spaces event
there'll be more
fun all right spaces is the audio only
service this
onx um well first lady Melania Trump is
uh announced she's going to be doing a
Easter egg roll you know they always do
that as a White House Easter Egg Roll
But I remember the days when uh I used
to do Easter egg events when I was a kid
and it was always about the money you
know if you found an egg of a certain
type you get a certain amount of money
what wasn't much it was like 10 cents or
25 cents
but I think if I went to the White House
egg roll I would just like grab the eggs
and run away maybe resell them how can
they afford to have an egg roll I know
maybe maybe Doge found enough money that
can afford eggs now meanwhile core
inflation has dropped to a seven month
low of
2.6 do you know what core inflation
is core inflation is the one you don't
care about because it doesn't include
food or energy the two things that have
gone up the most no food no
energy well at least the rest of the
stuff isn't going up too much it's still
too high you want your you want your
inflation to be around 2% but hey it's
the best in seven
months meanwhile let's talk about all
those Epstein files we've
seen uh what Epstein files
and I'm going to say again I realized
cash Patel did some kind of a post the
other day but he's been really quiet do
you think there's anything going to
happen on these Epstein files I'm going
to double down on my prediction and say
that no matter how well-intentioned the
administration is no matter how much
they really really mean it and they're
not
lying I don't think there's any chance I
don't think there's any chance we'll see
you know good EP and stuff
anyway so you probably have all seen by
now the video of the zalinsky debacle
some say in the white house so but you
haven't gotten my take on it yet so
that's why you're here you know I hate
it when something happens right after my
show and then I have to wait all day to
talk about it and everybody's already
picked it over so there's not much to
say but I'll just say this
two reality TV stars who both became
presidents walked into the White
House what do you think was going to
happen these are two experts at making a
a spectacle in front of a crowd nobody
better I mean they're the most
experienced spectacle making put it on
the show and it's funny that when it was
over Trump you know looked at the media
and said you it was good
TV so I think a lot of people are
confusing the show with anything that
matters in the real world and I think
the show was really fun and probably in
the end none of it will matter in the
real world one way or another it won't
really matter so here's what we
got it looked a lot like an episode of
The Apprentice didn't it where zalinski
was you know basically getting fired by
Trump
and kicked out of the White House it was
just like The Apprentice you're fired
get out of
here so anyway um what Bannon was saying
and some others have said I don't know
the details but apparently zalinsky was
getting some
advice from other Senators some are
calling them
rhinos um and I guess he had a breakfast
that day with some rhinos and there's a
indication that maybe Susan Rice was
advising him which some would say would
be a violation of the Logan act where
you're not supposed to be negotiating
for the United States unless you're in
the government and they're not so maybe
he got bad advice it it sort of looked
like he was a little emboldened like he
could push Trump a little bit but that
didn't work
out um so I guess the big problem is
that zensi agreed to this mineral deal
which seems like it was you know part of
a larger package which we don't know
about yet but then he gets there and he
says he he doesn't necessarily want a
ceasefire he wants a security deal and
that wasn't part of the
deal so he made the mistake of trying to
negotiate with Trump and JD Vance while
indicating to them and to the world
right in front of them that maybe they
didn't understand the risk of of
Putin now how do you think that went
over didn't go over well
so JD Vance goes first and you know
starts dressing him down in public for
not being um thankful
enough and trying to come to the White
House and being a little bit of a jerk
he didn't use that those words but once
JD Vance lit into him you knew that
Trump would have to double it which he
did and by the way Trump is the best
talkover debater I've ever heard
he can talk over somebody as long as it
takes until they just give
up and that's what happened he and
zinsky tried to talk over each other and
Trump just wasn't going to lose that now
I'm going to keep talking until you shut
up and he just talked over him and you
didn't hear anything that zalinsky said
for like you know two minutes in a row
and finally zalinsky just gave up
because you couldn't even hear what he
was saying and then Trump went on and
and that's what happened anyway
when uh zinsky said that you know Trump
might feel different or feel differently
when uh Putin crosses the ocean someday
and comes for them and Trump says don't
tell me what I'm going to feel you don't
have the right to tell me what I feel
you have no cards no cards so basically
it looked like zilinski was criticizing
Vance and Trump for either not doing
enough or not understanding the real
threat with Putin that you can't appease
him he's just going to come for you
eventually
um
but so he kicks zalinsky out and you
know I thought there was some chance he
might come back that same day but it
didn't happen he's already going off to
Great Britain zilinsky has now I'm going
to I'm going to judge this whole event
on at least two Dimensions Dimension
number one enter entertainment oh my God
it was entertaining it was wonderful I I
felt proud to be an American and have my
president not take in the in the
oval well in the way house I just like
that Vance and Trump weren't putting up
with it that's exactly what I wanted to
see so entertainment it was a 10 I
replayed it multiple times it was just
fun every
time but here's the thing you need to
know uh in big deals like this whether
it's a merger or any kind of really big
deal it's pretty common for one of them
to walk
away and it's pretty common if they both
want the deal and there's a deal to be
had and it's a good deal that they'll
probably come back the the one thing
that people say about Trump that's meant
to be an insult is that he's
transactional meaning that he would
immediately get over his feelings if you
know there was a deal because he'd
rather have the deal than anything else
so uh the funny
part or even lindsy Graham agree cited
with uh Trump now lindsy Graham is a
sort of a famous Ukraine war hawk has
been supporting Crane's getting weapons
everything but even Lindsey Graham said
uh you know that he was a strong
advocate for zinsky in Ukraine and but
he said he's devastated by zelinsky's
behavior and that undo all the hard work
of recent years and He suggests that
Ukrainian people find a new leader and
he praised Trump for standing up to
him
so that's that's interesting but uh
remember I told you that well James
garville told you and then I told you
what James Carville said that the the
Democrat strategy now is the way for
Trump to make a mistake because they
don't have anything to add so literally
they're they're going to wait for Trump
to make mistakes and then they can
attack him so so that means that they're
going to Define everything that Trump
does as a
mistake not really different than the
past but they're not going to put up
with anything he does at all they're
going to say well there it is that's
chaos that's the end of the world every
sing he walked across the lawn well look
at how he walked across the lawn with
that chaos legs and you know all that um
but the funny part is watching the
theater kids on the Democrats because
they have to pretend that they uh that
they don't understand the situation and
that they feel really bad so they all
put on their disgust face you need to
look at the uh there's some some
compilations of people on MSNBC
pretending to be very sad about this
event and they'll have
the oh oh oh face oh oh I'm so sad oh my
my country got
embarrassed and and they're competing to
see who could do the most theater kid
thing and it's so unserious that's
ridiculous um let's see was it David
Axelrod he goes in a post and X he says
I love my country with all my heart and
I've never been more embarrassed for
America than a spectacle I just
witnessed in the Oval
Office
really this is one of the guys who
supported Joe Biden through four years
of obvious demen
and then we all found out that they all
knew it and they were all covering it up
and that was not more
embarrassing what is it that makes you
embarrassed David axon it makes you
embarrassed when the president of the
United States stands up to uh some piss
an in the White House who's challenging
him that that's what embarrasses you but
keeping a mentally you know mentally
deficient president in the office well
nobody knew who was in charge lying to
the world and then getting caught
because he does the uh he does the
debate and it became obvious that he
wasn't there none of that was
embarrassing nothing but this yeah no
none of this is real meaning that the
Democrats are pretending to be terribly
upset are they terribly upset
no no nobody's terribly upset nobody's
really embarrassed nobody's shamed by it
I I think we'll survive the shame I
think we'll survive
it
anyway in my opinion
um Putin probably should not increase
his military attacks he probably he
doesn't want to you know do a ceasefire
unilaterally
unilaterally but if Putin is smart he's
already got a little bit of a
win so he should just play it really
cool and still look for some some way to
end the war I think you
will um but as long as this deal ever
made sense and I'm not sure it did
because I don't know the deal but if the
deal ever made sense and zilinski ever
liked it just the mineral part um they
it'll get done I mean it might take a
while or whatever but if they both want
it you the fact that they had a little
dust up in the in the White House it
won't stop anything now let me put this
back in the context of the the reality
TV
stars If This Were a reality TV
show how would it end it would almost
certainly end with the two
combatants three if you count JD Vance
um doing another public
event because you would have to tune in
you'd be like oh my God it's going to
happen again it's going to happen again
it would be must
CV but this time maybe they just signed
the
deal so I don't think you can discount
that you have two individuals who
operate at the highest level of
understanding the
show the show it's part of politics you
got to put on a show and the fact that
they put on a tremendous show everybody
was entertained even if you were
embarrassed oh oh oh I'm so embarrassed
for my country even then you probably
enjoyed it so yeah if I had to predict I
would say if it was ever a good deal and
that's a big if because I don't know I
don't know that was a good deal but if
they both liked it at one
point it'll get done and it'll be
another reality TV biggest ratings for a
for a political event of all
time uh no no real lasting problem if I
had to guess there's no lasting no
lasting impact on the real world the
deal will be the deal if they like it uh
there'll be a deal with Russia or not
but none of this will matter matter it's
not going to make a
difference uh one of the things Trump
said was uh that that that Trump and
Putin went through a lot together with
the Russia collusion
hoax so people said my god do you love
Putin or what why are you saying that
you went through a lot together well let
me explain this um Putin is trying to
flatter
and um let's say pace Trump and he's
doing a good job Trump is trying to
flatter and pace and tell him he's a
friend to Putin and he's doing a good
job both of them are operating at the
highest level of persuasion both of them
are right on point and and let me say it
again Trump is the best when it comes to
this but Putin's in the same weight
class right it's it's not a completely
unfair fight uh they both have the
skills all the way down so what we're
watching is that there might be some you
know larger deal that Trump wants to do
with uh Russia we don't know what that
is yet but it's funny that we talk about
Russia as our enemy when China Mexico
and Canada are poisoning us with
fentanyl and Russia isn't Russia is just
trying to sell US
Energy now I get I get that he has
Imperial Ambitions he wants to uh
conquer some of those countries um and
maybe all of Europe for the greater good
of I don't know uh who knows what he
really wants we just assume we know what
he
wants uh how about Ukraine who who's
been a bigger pain in the ass to us
lately Ukraine or
Russia well our money is going to
Ukraine and it's dividing the country um
so it it's hard to talk about it without
being called a Putin lover because
that's what all the dumb people do you
you know Democrats if you say anything
they don't like they call you a racist
and a bigot it's just automatic it
doesn't matter what you say um if you
mention Putin in any context other than
we must spend all of our blood and
treasure to destroy the evil Russian
Empire if you say anything but that oh
oh I I see you you want to have oral sex
with Putin is what you're saying oh oh
you love him did you send him a
Valentine's card oh well well you seem
to be a Putin apologist some kind of a
Putin puppet
apologist so it's just the latest stupid
Democrat thing to say it it's so unored
from any adult anything so Sean Davis
say uh uh wait till
Democrats W Democrats are other people
too I guess wa till they find out who we
partnered with in World War
II Stalin
so um the PE the dumb people the people
who I I don't know they just don't have
good arguments that their their argument
is that the only people we should be
nice to are other democracies like
Europe and that if somebody's a dictator
we shouldn't be nice to them or work
with them or do deals with them but I
live in the real
world dictators exist if they didn't
exist well that' be great advice
but they exist and they have access to
huge amounts of energy which matters and
they have lots of weapons which
matters and uh sometimes we have you
know things we disagree with and
sometimes we agree so if you can't work
with dictators and democracies you're
you're just a crippled government you
would be a government that just can't do
anything because there's so many
dictators if you only were nice to
democracies you know and by the way the
democracies we're talking about are the
ones trying to censor
Americans through the social media
networks um I don't know that Trump is
ever I don't know that Putin has ever
tried to censor me what what problems
has has Putin caused for
me but Europe has caused some really
damn problems um I'm I still blame the
UK for whatever happened with that
Russia collusion thing because there
were just too many British people
involved in that whole deal uh so I
don't know I would say maybe our maybe
our friends are kind of a problem too
you know not as big a problem as you
know maybe Russia if you want to if you
want to rank it but there's nobody here
who's
innocent at
all all right
so here's the uh here's the thing that
uh wonder about if the if the only way
that Ukraine were going to be
protected from any further Onslaught by
Russia if the only thing that would be
protecting them is America's
contribution and weapons and stuff and
and then Europe's um does Trump's idea
of just doing a mineral deal with no
security
guarantees does that does that mean that
you basically were giving away Ukraine
and it's not ours to give away although
you could argue that we did overthrow
Ukraine and install a puppet and maybe
it was ours at one point and maybe we
maybe we do kind of own it we do kind of
own it which is pretending we
don't
so anyway
um how how does it
work that Putin would not attack Ukraine
because we did a mineral deal with
Ukraine if we didn't have military
assets there um is it just the risk that
we would turn on the flow of money and
and fund Ukraine with better weapons see
Trump has made the claim that there
wouldn't have been a war if he had been
president but he also makes the claim
that if he makes a peace it will hold
again because of the force of his
personality and whatever relation
he's created with Putin do you believe
that do you believe that if Trump is
President he could do a he could do an
adequate um risk assessment and
threat so that Putin would say you know
what this is really not the time to get
adventurous because we're sort of
getting along and I don't really need to
own
Poland and all right but what happens
when Trump leaves
what if Trump leaves
office is is Putin going to be held in
check because he either respects the new
president or he fears the
consequences I know so I do think that
Trump needs to do a better job of
explaining what it looks like and and
why anything that we're involved in
would keep Putin from taking the rest of
Ukraine the moment it's underfunded
now you might say Scott it'll never be
underfunded because Europe can just step
up and if they want it's completely up
to them they can put a massive amount of
money in there to replace whatever money
we were giving and everybody's good now
that would be okay with
me if if Europe wants to be paying
nearly all of it and we're just out from
the funding perspective but you know
maybe we sell weapons to Europe to give
to them or something that would be fine
I wouldn't have any problems with
that well a Million Dead Russians um
that is a domestic problem for Putin but
it's not like he's going to you know be
kicked out of office he's pretty
secure all right so fed Zakaria on real
time so let me just finish that point I
think Trump needs to do a better job of
describing what the future of Ukraine
looks
like if the only security guarantees are
no security guarantees we're just doing
a big deal with you and so Russia
wouldn't dare attack your country when
we have major assets
there is that the whole game or or is
there something we don't know about yet
but that part is the important part now
I told you before that the real secret
of this negotiation is it can't be just
about Ukraine and Russia it's got to be
about more comprehensive how do we deal
with Russia in the
future um you know on all levels
militarily energy-wise economically are
we increasing NATO or not so that stuff
hasn't been discussed yet and I I've
heard people say oh Putin's the big
winner to which I say how do you know
that how do we know anything we don't
know what any kind of deal would look
like is Putin the big winner and then I
say if if two countries are at War and
they don't want to be at War and the
people are paying for it don't want to
be paying for it and then somehow Trump
can make all that stop who's not better
off isn't Ukraine better off not being
in a war are we better off not paying
isn't Putin better off you know
consolidating his gains
so a good agreement would be good for
everybody relative to the Alternatives
which are
ugly here's what freed Zakaria said on
real time last night um he basically
jokingly said that the zelinsky's
mistake is that he should have gone in
there and said Mr President Trump I'm
paraphrasing uh you've been such a God
send to Ukraine you're the greatest we
want to give you the highest Ukrainian
civil award
and maybe build a statue to I'm
paraphrasing a little bit but the idea
was fored said he didn't he didn't play
to Trump's ego and that's what went
wrong to which I
say what kind of an analysis is that the
deal was already
done all zinsky had to do was sign
it that's it he didn't need to do any
flattering there was no flattering
requested no flattering given and they
had to
deal so I would say that maybe he didn't
have to offer anything because they
already had a deal so that's sort of a
dumb
analysis speaking of dumb analysis The
Wall Street Journal editorial board I
swear that their editorial board it read
like a high school essay I I I just read
it and I thought
what what is wrong with you um so they
headlin for their edit editorial on this
is Putin wins the Trump zalinsky Oval
Office
spectacle is that really the way to
frame this that Putin won now we know
that Putin liked it and the Russians
thought it was great entertainment but
so did I why don't they say uh and the
mega people won because they really
enjoyed it so Putin enjoyed it and we
enjoyed it what will be
different I I can't think of anything I
don't think it'll really affect the real
world I don't think it'll change what
would have been their funding because
Trump wanted to get out of that anyway
and I don't think it'll affect
anything so but that they think somebody
won that's just the worst way to look at
a three-way negotiation four-way if you
count Europe and I guess you
should and uh they said uh that Vance JD
Vance started the public fight
okay how many times do I have to read
some dumbass in the news not
understanding who starts a fight if I
hear one more person tell me that Russia
started the war in Ukraine without any
reference to the things that happened
before he crossed the border as in you
know the NATO expansion and blah blah
blah it if none of that's mentioned
you're not really a serious person and
the Wall Street Journal
editorial go does the same thing with JD
Vance do do you think JD Vance should
just sat there and let that little punk
uh in the white house while they're
trying to help do you think they should
let him lecture them on how they don't
understand negotiations and they don't
understand Putin and he's going to come
for them over the ocean and that this
deal isn't really good and you haven't
really done much for us you've just
weakened Us in fact
did so who started the
fight I don't think JD Vance started the
fight I think he was quick he was quick
to enter it but then once he entered it
Trump had to double it so then Trump did
his thing because there's no way that
Trump is going to let JD Vance be the
baddest mofo in the room that just isn't
going to happen so JD Vance goes in as a
really bad mofo like quite impressive I
must say that he took him on directly
and uh even from a position of number
two number well maybe number three if he
count Secretary of State but uh he
wasn't the one in power but he he just
defended America defended the White
House defended his president
defended um everything so that was quite
baller I have to say I really that that
was a look from JD Vance that will
probably go a long way to making him the
top candidate after
Trump and but like I said there's no way
in any world that Trump is going to let
somebody else be the the baddest mofo in
the room so he had to take it up a
level as he does and it was brilliant it
was brilliant in in the showman way um
and that's all it was it was just a
show all right so
and then also the whole Putin wins just
ignores the fact that we have a much
bigger set of interests with with Russia
and until we know what that looks like
you know what kind of a deal we would
have with Russia until we know what that
looks like you can't really say anybody
won because we don't know what that
looks like but did they imagine that
Trump was just going to give Russia
everything he
wanted doesn't sound like
Trump Joy bear uh
accused Elon Musk of supporting
apartheid when musk grew up in South
Africa now he did not there's no there's
no there's no evidence of that
whatsoever but here's what she said Joy
bear on The View uh the guy was not born
in this country okay
oh oh oh oh oh my God she she abandons
the most core Democrat
principle that if you if you decide to
live in this country you call yourself
an American you act like an American
you're an American citizen and you're
doing more for America than just about
any other
Citizen and she has to start with you're
not an American or you're not born in
this
country that that's basically throwing
away their most basic principle just to
get a dig at Elon Musk then she goes on
uh so he has this mentality going on
does he because she's reading his mind
right he was Pro aparti now there's no
evidence that uh as I understand it he
told her then after uh uh then there was
a break and I guess she got her ass
kicked by the management because there's
no evidence that he's ever been
pro-apartheid and if you call somebody
Pro apartheid like it's a fact and you
do it on television in our current
environment that's a $25 million
mistake so they were
probably 10 seconds away from losing $25
million to dumb old joy bayar for just
making up just making
up uh and then then here's how she uh
responded to it once once she'd been
corrected and they came back I'm getting
some Flack because I said that musk was
pro- aparti I don't really know for sure
if he was
imagine saying that when you didn't know
for sure God uh and then she goes he
grew up at that time when athe party was
in full bloom before the great Nelson
menzela fixed that he was around at that
time
what like she's trying to still be right
even though there's no evidence
whatsoever and she's trying to make they
well he was around during that time so
QED
oh my
God and
then then she goes on maybe he was maybe
he
wasn't is that how you treat an American
citizen that well you know I don't know
if he's a Nazi maybe he was maybe he
wasn't I don't know it's sort of
ambiguous seems like he hung around with
people who had bad opinions even you
know maybe not personally but he was in
the same country with people had bad
opinions so you can't ignore the fact
that he was in the same country with
people who had bad
opinions yeah you
can so this just terrible I can't
believe she still has a
job um then Elon Musk went on Joe Rogan
you may have seen it and he was talking
about that they were doing to him
meaning the Democrats doing to Elon Musk
what they did to Trump which is the the
Hitler
play and and he says directly
they're basically trying to get me
killed by comparing me to Hiller and
that's exactly what they're trying to do
that's exactly what they're trying to do
so unbelievable it it's we're so
lucky that musk is still willing to help
the United States when the United States
is acting like it doesn't deserve
it uh that takes a lot of character to
still be Allin on the United States when
when half of the United States is
calling him a
Nazi that takes
character well the Wall Street Journal
has an article by Joanne
Lipman can white men finally stop
complaining and these the subtitle of
the article this is a Wall Street
Journal and for 50 years we've been
hearing from white men who feel
threatened by the gains of women and
minorities no you stupid we're not
complaining because we feel threatened
we're being we're complaining because
for 50 years we've been overtly
discriminated against for being straight
white men we you can't get a job you
can't get a contract for 50
years and the reason that you didn't
know how bad it was is because white men
are not allowed to talk like you saying
can white men finally stop complaining
that's right we were trained that if we
even complained for a minute it meant we
were bigots
 that's over people like me gave up
everything so that we could say what we
were
feeling I gave up everything I'm going
to say what I'm feeling you're a piece
of and you're the problem and is
this is pure racial discrimination and
bigotry against white men and I won't
have it and I think that we've grown
this I I think that we can just say
you don't care move on get rid of your
stupid Dei get rid of your stupid ESG
and let's try to compete on Merit for
once how about
that piece of
anyway speaking
of so uh the hill says that K Harris is
hasn't decided to run for governor of
California here's the funny thing so
because she hasn't decided the the other
candidates can't really wait in and they
can't really get any money because
everybody thinks she would be the front
runner if she gets in so she's really
Frozen the entire California Democrat
Party they they can't kind of do
anything they're just
Frozen now here's the funny part correct
me if I'm wrong but K Laris destroyed
the entire uh Federal n let say National
Democratic party didn't
she don't you think it was mostly Comm
Harris that just destroyed Democrats
because she was the ultimate
Dei uh
candidate and they just took Dei to the
ultimate conclusion and everything broke
just like you would imagine it would on
paper and now she's taking that same
toxic destructive thing and she's taking
it to California now she's going to ruin
democrat's chance of winning maybe
Forever by running for governor now she
might actually even win which is the
weird part because you know we're such a
blue state but the fact that she's
destroying the Democrat Party nationally
and then started destroying it in the
biggest
state boy she's got a she's got
something to put on her Wikipedia page
right
there anyway good for you kamla you're
almost done destroying everything about
the
Democrats well Secretary of Defense Heth
has confirmed that Trump Has Lifted
restrictions on Military raids and air
strikes now that doesn't mean all
restrictions but uh they won't have to
get approval so much so I think this is
just taking it back to where it was in
the first
Administration and I do believe the
reporting is that the military became a
lot more
effective because they didn't have to
ask so much for permission and that
makes a big difference so that's a good
move probably speaking of Democrats uh
in New York City former Governor Andrew
Cuomo is getting ready people think to
run for mayor of New York
City now how bad is the pool of
Democrats that Andrew Cuomo who had
scandals involve sexual harassment which
he resigned rather than you know go
through I suppose it could have gotten
worse if he didn't resign and and then
he also had the scandal of the
unreported deaths in the co nursing
homes can he overcome with sexual
harassment claims if you're a Democrat
if you're a Democrat male can you get
elected if you've got these credible
sounding claims I I'll say sounding
because I'm not the one who believes
claims are real uh just automatically
they might be anything's possible but I
don't know I wasn't there so I'm I'm
just going to say there are claims
that's the only thing I know so but do
you think that the Democrats
can get the you know the white guy
straight white guy who's got claims of
sexual harassment can they really elect
him in today's environment I don't know
but it's hilarious to me that he might
be their best shot I will say that um
that Cuomo probably is the best talker
they have uh we'll talk about fedman in
a minute but Andrew Cuomo he just has
that U leadership Charisma
voice thing going on so he can act like
he's a leader and he he can pull that
off so he does have the chops I mean he
was governor right so we know he has the
chops I don't know but I don't know if
he can get over these
scandals well meanwhile Bill Maher on
his show said that um the best candidate
for president who was a Democrat would
be fedman and his argument was that
fedman talks like a normal guy and even
Trump said he's a common sense guy and
uh he has authenticity and Charisma and
balls I was trying to imagine a
president Federman having a meeting with
zalinski on a casual
Friday that would be the that would be
the sloppiest looking meeting you ever
saw in your
life seninsky would be the well-dressed
one in that
case well I'm going to agree with Bill
Maher that fedman is the only one I see
on their party who in my opinion could
make a serious play for the presidency
now you know he may have other problems
that we don't know about you know maybe
maybe if you run for president they
bring out the big guns and the the
reports of things that we haven't heard
before so anything could happen but I I
have to completely agree with Mar on
this that if you just looking at the
vibe he puts off and how he connects
with ordinary people uh on top of having
you know ivy league degree and some
government experience um he he would be
one to beat I think he would be one to
beat uh there's a public interest law
firm I didn't get the name of it that's
filing a civil rights
complaint uh against New York and
Wisconsin on behalf of contractors so I
guess if you're Contracting with the
government in those two places um New
York and Wisconsin if you don't hit the
just right approval of diversity so if
your if your firm doesn't have you know
just the ideal diversity you can't get
the
job and one of the contractors said this
multiple times a day we lose orders
because we're not a minority business uh
the source uh who supplies contractors
for the government infrastructure
projects requested anonymity because of
fear of
reprisals so there's a white man who
can't even talk in public with his own
name can't even talk in public with his
own name when he's complaining about
being discriminated
against and the and the case for him
being discriminated against against is
not even controversial it's it well it's
controversial but it's not in question
there's nobody who says oh yes you must
be bad at what you do uh you can get as
many contracts as you want why are you
white men complaining now everybody
knows that you can't get contracts
unless you have some you know golden
ratio of diversity and male and female
so there's lawsuits coming good I hope
the lawsuits are successful
meanwhile the White House said that 29
Mexican cartel
members uh and one of them is like
described as the most evil cartel boss
one of the evil ones are being
extradited to the United States
29 that's a
lot if they're really bosses I mean if
they're just people it's not a lot but
if they're all kind of bosses no I guess
some of them are just members and
there's one at least one's a boss
um but here's my question we all suspect
that the Mexican government has some
kind of arrangement with the cartels but
at the same time they have to pretend
that they
don't so do you think that these 29
Mexican cartel
members are just went through the legal
system in Mexico and and it's all
perfectly copasetic or is it slightly
more possible that a competing cartel
said you know you could get rid of 29
people for us you know they're they're
they're in our territory and we'd like
to get our territory back so why don't
you pretend you're working with the
United States productively but really
just get rid of our competition and
we'll bribe you to do that how would we
know if that were happening see every
time there's a cartel person that Mexico
gives up you know they capture them and
give up I always wonder if they're just
working for the other cartel you know
they got better bribed by the other
cartel I have a real problem thinking
that the that what's happening is that
Mexico is doing its level best to battle
the cartels with the United States help
it doesn't feel like I live in the world
where things are that clean so I guess
I'll be skeptical about these cartel
members meanwhile all the boxes from
maralago remember box gate and the
accusations that Trump had taken with
him nuclear secrets and just stored them
in the
bathroom at Mar
Lago well apparently they weren't that
sensitive because they've all been
returned so the charges dropped and and
100% of what he had is being
returned now to be fair uh Trump could
have just Declassified him because he's
the president again so he certainly
would have the ability to declassify
them but do you you think you would have
Declassified nuclear
secrets no no do you think he said I'm
president so I'm going to declassify
this how to make a nuclear bomb and I'm
just going to keep it in the bathroom
and Mar Lago in a box
no so do we have do you feel that we can
confirm at this
point that that was all fake I think we
can right that was pure lawfare pure
fake because otherwise they wouldn't
give it all back if they give 90% of it
back then I would have said yeah maybe
there was something to it maybe they did
have some secrets in those boxes but if
they give it all
back I have a real tough time believing
it was ever a
problem anyway the
uh according to new Atlas two beers a
day shrinks your brain as much as a
decade of
Aging so if you have four beers a
day you beat age 20
years uh alcohol is poison I've got lots
of stories about this I don't need to go
any
deeper according the Trump
Administration according to the National
pulse has uh removed 50,000 migrants so
far most of them ones who had legal
troubles does that sound like a good
number do do you feel like you're
getting your money's worth from Tom
homman 50,000 in 2 months well last
month and a half right 50,000 if they're
the 50,000 worst or they're among the
among the worst that's a really big
deal because this might represent a
reduction of violent crime of like 50 to
100,000 per year because these were the
worst of the
worst and if you get rid of the worst of
the worst you know the violent ones and
the Dangerous Ones it feels like that's
a whole lot of crime that's been reduced
that seems like a big number to
me do you remember the big hoax in
Canada where there was some claim that
there were over 200 um I guess it I
don't know what you call them in in
Canada but is it First Nations they have
a different term for the indigenous
population before the before the other
Canadians moved in so in America it
would be the Native Americans I don't
know what they call them in Canada but
anyway the thought was that there was
some kind of uh
indigenous Mass Graves that would be
suggesting that the Canadians of not too
long ago were just murdering them and
putting them in a mass grave so there
were big protests there was a giant
thing it was a big story and and Trudeau
put together this uh Committee of
experts to go look for any more because
I thought oh man this this might not
even be alone there might be other Mass
Graves and so so they looked and they
looked and they looked guess how many
they
found well none and they just disbanded
the entire committee the entire thing
was a hoax there was never any Mass
grave in that
category and even after looking for it
really hard didn't find any so that's a
that's Canada's fine people hoax
basically apparently according to a
publication called the new Arab uh the
us is going to pitch to a bunch of Arab
real estate developers Trump's Gaza
plan so that's going to come up
um so the US will convene a summit with
Regional Real Estate developers that
seems like a productive
thing now you could disagree whether
that should be developed or who should
own and all that but I kind of like the
fact that the conversation is about
who's going to develop it cuz that feels
like you know it's a little optimism a
little little potential for the
future um I don't know that it'll be
it'll be uh you know optimized and then
people will move back but we'll see but
it's good that they're having
that did you know according to S poost
Eric Dolan's writing that AI can spot
depression of old people through their
driving
habits don't all all old people drive
exactly the
same I don't know how you could tell
which ones are which ones are depressed
but oh it is called the First Nations
yes thank
you all right um so anyway that's
happening and that's all I had today um
so after the show Fairly soon now uh
Owen Gregorian will be hosting a spaces
event on
a and that will be
uh um for anybody who wants to talk
about this stuff or more I know you got
lots more to say about zalinski by the
way how many ways are there to spell
zalinski I've seen it with z l e z l i
and sometimes with one y at the end
sometimes with two and AI doesn't help
me because it just goes back and
forth so I don't know what's going on
with that anyway so join uh Owen
Gregorian and spaces you could just
Google him and you'll find his account
and you'll see I I also reposted the the
announcement so you can find the link
there and thanks for joining everybody
I'm going to say a few words to the
locals people privately but the rest of
you thanks for joining
and I'll see you
tomorrow
e
e e