you
are let me get all ready for this
show we need comments we need
lighting we need notes we're going to
have it
all all right we got
[Music]
[Music]
comments good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization so far if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand when they're
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper muger a glass of tanker
chel a Stein a canting Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine head of the day the thing
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
good
stuff
delicious all right I'd like to start
out with two Corrections uh these would
both go into the category of man I'm
stupid um so
yesterday uh I confused the two
assassins because they're both white
guys with rifles who didn't get it done
and I thought that the I'd forgotten for
a moment that the first first one was
dead on the scene and it was only the
second one who survived so no there was
no way that Trump could go talk to the
guy in prison because he's pretty dead
so that's the first correction the other
the other one I can't believe I just
found this out today that uh when I said
that David Axelrod was the attorney for
CNN and Jake Tapper in their
lawsuit I just assumed it was David
Axelrod the one who was on the show and
they just figured oh you're you're an
attorney I didn't know he was maybe he's
not but it turns out it's a whole
different David Axelrod so David Axelrod
on
TV on CNN is a different one from David
Axelrod the lawyer who defended them
from the
lawsuit now that's my fault of course
but I just have to say there are too
many David axar rods associated with CNN
they just need fewer of them that would
make everything better for us if you're
not following Dilbert which you can only
see on subscription these days either on
X subscribe on X under my account or on
locals you would know that today is the
day the fire reaches his house and
Dilbert is going to stay behind and try
to save his house so I don't want to
give you a spoiler but he might
die and he might not you never know it's
comic I can kill him anytime I
want well you'll be amazed to to learn
according to nutrients some publication
called nutrients coffee intake makes
males more sociable and women more
attractive according to studies of
mice uh how do they know that the
mice are think each other is more
attractive or I don't know but I don't
care if it says coffee is good for you
I'm all in
um did you know and again this is a big
surprise according to Sur live and
Samantha Leathers um it turns out the
exercise is good for your mental health
huh huh just like every single day we
hear another St study but here's the
interesting part uh it's not it's not
every kind of exercise is equally good
but rather for uh for men it was better
to do yoga and PE
I'm sure I pronounced that right Kong
Kong Wong you know that's where they the
old people get in the park and
[Music]
go like that that was my that was my
impression of quong I don't know if I'm
pronouncing that that's a word I've read
a million times but I never heard a
single person say it out loud anyway so
it's better for men to do yoga and this
keong stuff and for women it might be
better to do strength
training uh but jogging and walking are
good for
everybody
um did we really need a
study when you can kind of just look
around and the people who exercise every
day are clearly happier than the people
who don't is that not screamingly
obvious in your own life that if you see
somebody who's like really fit because
they exercise every day they're almost
always in a reasonably good mental
Health now some of this is cause and
effect being reversed if you're
depressed it's pretty hard to work out
impossible really if if you have actual
you know real mental depression getting
out of bed is almost impossible so some
of it is the correlations backwards but
some of it is clearly causation you know
if you've been exercising since you were
a kid you're almost certainly to be
better off mentally the Tik Tock band
has gone into action and the Tik Tock
lovers are hoping that Trump will save
them when he's officially in power
tomorrow um and I think he will but at
least with a 90-day presidential
extension I don't know if you knew this
but the the ban has built into it that
the sitting president whoever it is can
extend it for 90 days
extend uh extend the pause before the
ban so he can put off the ban for 90
days which would be reversing it for 90
days
and he can do that under the condition
that there's some kind of deal or sale
being worked on uh and it's not complete
now it's not exactly true that anybody's
maybe getting close to negotiating um a
deal to buy it but there are two
possibilities out there the perplexity
app which is an AI app on a search
engine it's the best thing ever I
recommend it all the time uh Jeff Bezos
is one of the backers of that
and they've offered to somehow merge
with Tik Tock but not take the algorithm
so some think the algorithm is the
expensive part and so they would pay
less they'd build the algorithm
themselves I don't know if that's going
to happen but at least it would be
enough for Trump to say oh well
somebody's noodling on a deal that's
close enough so I'll I'll give them 90
days to see if they can do it but also
Kevin oir the Shark Tank star an
entrepreneur he's working with some
group of investors um and billionaire
Frank mccort and they put together a $20
billion cash offer which I think Tik
Tock has just rejected some people think
it's worth 50 billion if you bought the
algorithm with
it um but here's the thing that's
puzzling me senator Paul Rand who in my
opinion is almost always right and well
informed unlike his his some of his
peers
and but he said that the real reason to
use his words the real reason for the
Tik Tock ban was
censorship is that what you think do we
ban it for censorship meaning that oh
man uh I just suddenly got really sick
so I might have to cut this short if I
cut it
short
wow I'm I'm having an event here live on
like
stream all right let's see if I can make
that
pass um but Rand Paul says that the real
reason for the Tic Tac ban was
censorship that's sort of true but it's
not the big
picture the sort of true part is that uh
the Israel the Israel stuff um when Tik
Tock turned more anti-israel than
pro-israel some say that the you know
Israeli Lobby kicked in and got the
Congress to ban it I think that's true
as the trigger you know that's the the
most you know that was like the final
straw or something but it's not the big
reason the big reason is you don't want
China to have a button they can push to
change America's
minds and wow um apparently that has
happened there was a study that showed
that Tik Tok was pretty anti-israel in
terms of the quantity of content One
Direction versus the other so I wonder
if does Rand and Paul not know that the
real problem is the persuasion risk in
the future it's not so much that there
was one particular issue about Israel
and and the propaganda on that so I
don't know what what is up with Rand
Paul why doesn't he just say or does he
not know is it possibly doesn't know
that the real risk is future persuasion
you just don't know and and why would
you equate a free speech platform that
could be manipulated by your adversary
with a free speech platform that could
be manipulated potentially by your own
country how in the world does anybody
think that's about the
same let me give you an analogy would
you hand a gun to your
friend before you would hand a gun to
your enemy which one makes sense to you
it's it's the same gun wait wait why
would you treat it differently people
don't censor it it's the same thing it's
the same exact thing a gun so why would
you discriminate who you gave it to an
enemy who wants to shoot you versus your
friend who wants to protect you why is
it different I don't see any difference
to you I'm Rand Paul I don't see any
difference uh well it's it's a gun both
times right I don't get it so what's up
with that now to to be fair when he says
it's
censorship he's probably talking about
the specific you know Israeli
situation
um but is he using censorship as
influence and he didn't think that the
influence should be canceled I don't
know um if it was organic then then it's
a free speech issue so maybe that's the
way to put it if if the thing it got
canceled for was actually just happening
on its own and and China didn't push any
buttons it was just a natural phenomena
of what the ticktockers thought because
they're a certain age and then below a
certain age they they're not as
pro-israel so maybe it was organic if
they stopped something that was organic
that's just pure
censorship if they stopped something
that was because China had already
pushed the button and we have no way to
know well then we'd be stopping a weapon
of mass
destruction pretty
different anyway it opens the question
what would happen if AI starts saying
bad things about
Israel what would happen if
AI start saying bad things about Israel
we know what happens when Tik Tock does
that that's pretty clear but what
happens when AI does well maybe we'll
find out because it turns out there's a
school that was using an AI emulation of
an Frank to teach the kids about that
situation except this is reported in the
bite by Joe Wilkins he says um that
because AI likes to show both
[Laughter]
sides see you know that AI doesn't like
to say somebody's right and something's
wrong so the the a the AI an
Frank it
uh seemed to be trained to avoid uh
blaming the Nazis for what
happened and it tries to redirect the
conversation into a more positive light
yeah let's not be so divisive about this
you know let's try to treat this one
right down the
middle all right well I'd assume that's
not going to last very long but uh does
it does it begs the question if we can
you know get out of the get out of the
Israel Nazi mode just in general news in
general can AI ever be the one who tells
you what's
true I don't think it can because
whoever makes it and owns it and
benefits from it has an opinion and
they're going to want to put their
opinion in the AI because they're going
to think it's a real one and all the
other opinions don't count so no there's
no way that AI is ever going to be able
to tell you the truth that's not there's
no way there's not any logical way it
could ever do it it could know the truth
that's a thing it could know the truth
it can't possibly tell the truth over
time anyway National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan was saying that it was his
last time at the podium and then he
dropped this little scary thing he goes
I hope this is my last time at this
Podium because you know last day of the
administration he says the only thing
that would bring me back is an
unexpected event in the next few
days
wait
what what the National Security advisor
the guy who has access to all the secret
stuff top secret clearance knows exactly
what the Democrats are doing knows
exactly what foreign countries may or
may not be
planning the only thing that would bring
me back is an unexpected event in the
next few
days
what um so it does sound scary it sounds
scary like you know he he knows of some
plan to do something bad but the the
other possibility is that he did it
before his last day if he said that
before his actual last day in office
then if there was some big event and
Trump had not been inaugurated yet
presumably he would come back so I don't
think he meant it as some kind of scary
you know something's coming
foreshadowing I I think he just meant
I'm not officially done with the
job is that fair CU he wasn't officially
done with the job so something big
happened and the next day or so he would
in fact come back so that's my
interpretation um I I it didn't turn
into a bigger story so I think it's just
a interpretation
thing meanwhile CNN did a big story
yesterday that just blew my mind so as
Aaron Bernett was talking to a
correspondent who knew how China was
reacting to Trump's election and it's
not what you
think how do you think the Chinese
citizens are reacting to Trump's
election well according to CNN and this
this is part of the story it's CNN
saying it that's almost bigger than the
story itself watch this CNN did a
extended segment in which the entire
point of it was that the Chinese public
really likes
Trump uh and he's sort of a celebrity
star over there they're making
merchandise with his face on it in China
they have merchandise
a lot of it is pro prot Trump and um so
he's got he even has positive nicknames
so over there they have some kind of you
know very positive nickname for him and
they're all talking about him and and uh
president she is sending the highest
ranking person who's ever gone to an
inauguration his
VP and uh wow so CNN definitely seems to
be trying to adjust and find that middle
ground where they're not so just always
anti-trump all the time more to that
point Jim aasta the correspondent host
who is had been Trump's biggest Nemesis
and one of the biggest Liars on
CNN um he got moved to the midnight hour
so he went from 10:00 a.m. where he was
doing so well he was beating some of the
Prime Time Shows so there was nothing
wrong with his uh his uh numbers
relative to the other
numbers um
and
so that seems like a pretty big Trump
win if CNN wants to move their most
ridiculous guy to midnight where nobody
will watch him and nobody's going to
watch him at midnight he's he's done as
an
influence um that's a pretty big
deal but uh time magazines is handling
it
differently so Time Magazine has an
article in which they're helpfully
suggesting to Democrats who are going to
be very sad on inauguration day that
maybe they should cope with it by
forming crying groups so they can get
together and cry
together uh and also something about
walking through the forest to make them
I think they call the forest bathing or
something where you just hang out in the
forest for a while and try to get your
mental health
back anyway I have a better suggestion
for time magazine instead of
recommending that the losers go and uh
cry or walk in the forest you know it
would be really
helpful why doesn't Time Magazine debunk
the fine people hoax so all those people
who are going to cry don't have to
wouldn't it be better to remove the
reason for the crying because the reason
for the crying is the the fake news if
the news had ever been honest about the
fine people hoax or any of the other
hoaxes people wouldn't be crying
nobody would be crying over the reality
they're only crying over this weird
media created Trump monster thing that
not everybody has heard was
fake so uh Mark benof who's the founder
of sales first Force I believe owns Time
Magazine
now so I tagged him in my little comment
on this saying that maybe they should
just debunk to find people Oaks
because you may have heard that
yesterday the find people hoax got
another one so uh billionaire Tech
billionaire Mark
pinkis um I think he still lives in the
Bay Area and he's been a lifelong
Democrat and was all in on the Democrats
but he was talking to chamath on the the
all-in Pod and he said he' basically
changed his mind on on Trump and jamas
stopped him and said right what was the
moment like what was the thing that made
you change your mind after and he
started he started talking generically
but then he said okay there was one
thing it was I read an article that
debunked the fine people
hoax and that was it and then and then
it it opened up his mind to all the
other hoaxes and he could see it all now
that's my my words not his but that's
essentially what it was
and this is amazing so in May 2024 he
said he read an article that talked
about the and debunk the The hoax now
I'm really curious which article was it
cuz because there have been lots of
articles that you know I've been
associated with you know Joel poock
Steve Cortez I wonder if it was one of
those it could have been anything could
have been the daily wire or something
but how often would a lifelong democrat
read any press any that was just really
identified with the right side of
politics so so I'd love to know what was
it that broke through the bubble that he
thought was worth reading as a lifelong
Democrat and then it actually just
shattered his whole his whole story so
remember I've been telling you that was
the tent pole hoax that if you can just
debunk that one all the us all the rest
just fade and that's what
happened so um more to
that I was wondering do we have a pretty
good list of all the people who have
been converted by the fine people hoax I
was trying to do it mentally but if
somebody could pull that together I
would love to see that as a post on X
how many well-known people were
converted by just that one thing the
debunk of the F people hoax because I
think I think jamath said it himself so
we got Pinkus I think Elon said it I
thought Joe Rogan said it did Zuckerberg
say
it can't remember Zuckerberg said that
but I feel like maybe that was part of
it you know the assassination attempt
seemed to be uh persuasive with him as
well so if we could put together uh
ideally it would be a clip where you
showed each of the people saying what it
was oh the fine people hoax and then you
know one after another so you can see
how powerful it was that's what I want
to
see
um Wall Street Journal is going further
and saying not just that Trump's kind of
popular but he's turning the culture the
entire culture is turning conservative
do you see that yet it feels like it so
you know once you get the uh the richest
entrepreneur in the world musk you get
the all-in Pod guys you've probably
noticed the number of comedians that I
would call Mainstream are now turning at
least a little bit Trump you know
they're willing to say things that are
positive about Trump they got at least
one cartoonist Snoop Dog um and Carrie
Underwood are going to
perform and that's a pretty strong
signal and by the way gri Underwood oh
my god do I have respect for that did
you know Snoop is a unique character
there there's nobody like Snoop he's the
only person who could do all these bad
things and be popular with
everybody now I don't know exactly his
secret except that is Charisma is
apparently just off the charts there
there's something about him that allows
him to break every rule kind of
trump-like
um so so Snoop went from making a video
where he was assassinating Trump to
performing at his
event and he's the perfect crossover
person because when you see him do
anything you say well is that something
that only Snoop could do because he
lives in this weird world where
respectable people
him I do if you ask me why I like Snoop
so much I don't know I don't
know it would be hard to come up with a
reason um maybe it's because he's
Unapologetic and he doesn't apologize
for anything that's pretty popular maybe
it's because he's just his own person
and and he's you know
unforgiving in his effort to just be who
he wants to be we kind of like that I
don't know there's something about it
that just reaches people but uh also
Carrie Underwood that that's a that's a
brave move I will always respect
that um and I think people like winners
and they like strength and uh there was
a
manliness kind of a male energy that had
been missing from the country and I
think we could feel it I think both men
and women Republicans and Democrats
could feel the just extraordinary lack
of male energy but it's back back it's
back the male energy as I imagine
couldn't be stopped it would be like
putting the toothpaste back in the tube
you know it could be somewhere well
that's a bad analogy forget that
analogy but anyway the New York Times
shows some polling that Americans now
overwhelmingly support go positions GOP
positions on numerous trans issues so
daily wire is reporting this Amanda
Presta Gamo
wow what a nice name Amanda
promo that's just a great name I can't
pronounce it but I feel like if I could
it would sound extraordinary
anyway um she's writing that uh
according to a New York Times ipsos
survey 79% of
Americans I looked at myself in a
recording I realized that I look down
too much and you're just looking at the
top of my head so let me lift up my
notes so it's not as
egregious um 79% of Americans believe
males should not be able to participate
in female sports even if the athlete
identifies as transgender
79%
79% on the same page now obviously it's
you know weighted toward conservatives
but even even the Democrats by
majority um so yeah even 54 % of uh
Democrats were against medication for
minors so converting miners wasn't
popular with the majority of Democrats
or Republicans and and look how far it
got I mean everything was broken
everything was just
broken and the reason it was broken is
because honesty wasn't allowed you just
couldn't be honest about it without
getting canceled so honesty is making a
comeback and that changes a lot and then
77% of respondents agree that Society is
quote gone too
far to accommodate trans people uh well
only 21% say we haven't gone far enough
21% h a little bit more and it' be one
quarter couldn't even get up to 25% you
know I joke if you're new to me uh I
always joke that 25% will get every poll
question wrong like no matter how how
easy the question is
uh the poll question is is it better for
the economy to be strong or for the
economy to be weak 25% weak what no this
isn't really a question strong is the
only right answer weak 25% it's just so
consistent couldn't even get 25% to say
that we hadn't gone too
far um Mike Johnson talks about uh Biden
not even recalling
that he had uh he had paused some LG
shipments
and so first of all I'm a little angry
at Mike Johnson for not telling us this
until it didn't
matter um it wasn't that long ago so
maybe maybe it never mattered because
Trump had already been elected but um
apparently Biden insisted to Johnson
that he never issued the order to freeze
new liquid natural gas export permits
even even though he had just signed off
on it now that tells you a lot doesn't
it it means that Biden certainly wasn't
in
charge you maybe there were specific
topics where he his influence was bigger
but when it came down to you know the
the nuts and bolts of running the
government he didn't even know what he
was signing they didn't even tell him
what he was signing or he couldn't
remember it which is I guess equally
bad yeah Johnson should have said
something before but I don't think it
mattered but we would have felt better
about Johnson if he said it you know of
course let let me let me revise
this if it didn't really make any
difference because the election was over
and it would just make hard make it hard
for Johnson to work on the
transition I probably wouldn't have said
anything until I was sure the transition
was working okay because it would have
been creating a problem with
that didn't need to be created because
there was no benefit from it it was good
that we found out eventually that part's
good I'm gonna I'm GNA say Mike Johnson
probably played it correctly because
getting the transition right was at the
moment more important than just one more
piece of evidence that Biden's brain was
shot we already knew
that but it was funny seeing uh um a
video from the time of this in which
Karin jeanpierre spokesperson was asked
you know why does Biden even care about
this like what's what's behind this and
she tried to explain it without knowing
anything about the topic it's like uh uh
well it's because the the importance of
it uh to to the public and to the uh to
the uh to the to to the way we the
public and also the the very he cares
about it he cares about it and the and
it's because the importance uh is very
important so the importance to the
public and the importance of it is what
and it was just hilarious she didn't
even know what the issue
was so who the hell was in
charge anyway so you put it all together
and you can see that there's a complete
collapse of the Democrat Party um and I
I have a theory about what causes the
acceleration of the
crash if you divide voters into two
types there's the people who follow
politics and maybe that's 5% and they
kind of they be influenced by seeing
both sides of an issue so Mark
pinkis probably followed politics enough
that you would read an article about the
fine people hoax and changed his opinion
based on new data that seems to be true
for some of the tech leaders who are who
were leaning Trump that they they did
follow politics as they should you know
it's part of their job and um so they
they saw
earlier that
factually the they could make a change
because the the facts were now different
than what they once understood but most
people are not in that category so my my
hypothesis is that for the vast number
of people who vote but really couldn't
answer any question about
politics if you went to the average
person and ask any question just any
question about anything in politics and
look what comes out of their mouth it
doesn't matter if it's it doesn't matter
who it is you just look what comes out
of their mouth and you go uh
do you follow the news at all you know
that's what it feels like I think that
that group the people with weak
preferences or don't follow the news
that much that for them their choice of
a candidate and choice of party is
closer to a fashion
accessory it it's a way to support their
brand so if you thought one side was the
evil side and one side was the good and
open-minded side and you thought you
were good and
open-minded you would back the good and
open-minded side as You' been taught to
but I think at this point Biden and
Harris have so destroyed the brand I
mean just absolutely destroyed it and
there's nobody on Deck it's not like
everybody's waiting for Pete Buddha
judge to step up there's absolutely no
character in the Democrat Party none
which anybody can say yeah there's my
inspirational leader it it's interesting
that Hillary Clinton was once that
person but at least she had the first
potentially the first female president
thing going for so you know she had the
sort of the the Bill Clinton glow you
know so she had she had all the right
people so even though she was a terrible
character and she probably lost because
she wasn't a good character but at least
she had you know some something you
could grasp on to if you're a woman in
particular but now what would they grasp
on to Harris was the biggest incompetent
we've seen Biden's brain wasn't there
nobody's on Deck what exactly are you
going to hit your wagon to nothing
there's nothing there so people want to
brandish their brand are not going to
look for the failed completely collapsed
Democrat Party with unpopular views on
everything there's no way you can just
associate that your brand with it the
only reason it worked before
is that the fake news had created such a
bubble that you couldn't tell the
difference between good and bad
literally couldn't tell the difference
so under that world you could say oh
these are the good ones I want that
associated with my brand but now when
even snopes is debunking the fine people
hoges and you know we can see the total
collapse of the traditional news
specifically because it's
fake then there's nothing to support the
bubble anymore you know the podcast
broke the bubble I think that's what it
was I think the Joe Rogan Elon Musk V
ramaswami the communication skills of
all these people just broke the bubble
now now what do the Republicans look
like let's say you've got Trump who
survived an
assassination attempt in the most
remarkable way people like to be
associated with bravery and manliness
and manliness which they
missed um but also you have the smartest
most successful people in the world
taking sides with them or at least not
resisting so now you know you're hearing
good things from everybody from Bill
Gates to uh Bezos to uh Elon kicking it
off the all-in Pod guys I hate clumping
them all together but it's faster to say
that way um so now if you wanted to be
associated with something where the most
awesome people in the country are
associated to me the most awesome people
are the ones who are making the biggest
difference positive and and they seem to
be almost universally moving toward
Trump everybody from Jamie Diamond
saying hey hey those those tariffs are
actually a good idea for negotiating
it's really everything so everybody
who's smart and capable and especially
manly because that matters you know no
matter what you think of Manliness it
matters to politics so it has to be
mentioned um Trump it all China loves
him the public loves him you can wear a
red hat now um and I think that means
that what it looks like is a complete
collapse on the Democrat side but I
think you're also going to see it in
polls you you're going to see that
they're just not going to vote for the
Ridiculousness anymore or at least
enough of them won't and here here's a
just such a good example of the total
collapse of the Democrat Party so I
always talk about two movies on on one
screen you know how you can watch the
same thing and come up with two
different views as uh Owen Gregorian was
saying on X
yesterday it seems this 28th Amendment
story has formed into two movies Against
All Odds because it's it's a pure
factual statement that is super easy to
check does the 28th Amendment exist or
does it not exist in a in a confirmed
approved way and the answer is it's not
it's not confirmed and therefore it
doesn't exist but because both Biden and
Harris posted on exit in social media
that it was real and that they're
responsible for making it
real
Democrats think it's
real Republicans no it's not so of all
things it it's literally the easiest
thing you could check is this part of
the Constitution or not one Google go
search would be the same answer every
time it's not even being it's not even
being covered up by part of the news so
it's not like MSNBC is saying it's real
even they're not saying it's real I need
a fact check on that but they're not
saying that's real right uh and still
and still it creates two movies half the
country probably thinks it's
real
um anyway Democrat strategists are
whining about the future the the party
and one of my favorite was uh Jamal
Simmons one of the Democrats uh uh
strategist and he said uh that their
Vibe is their Vibe is off our Vibe is
off got to burn down our image see how
he talked about
image he didn't say we have to improve
our
policies he didn't say our policies need
to be to match the American public he's
completely aware that their policies
don't match the majority of the public
so instead of saying we need better
policies he says we have to work on our
image that's what I'm saying I'm saying
that they they treat it like it's an
image problem and it worked you know
under under Clinton it worked but you're
going to need a real candidate if you
don't have a candidate image is not
going to get you anywhere because your
policies are dead unrival so the fact
that they haven't figured that out yet
is amazing but when they ask when you
PLL Democrats about who they'd like to
see Run next time and you include let's
see Nome and Governor
Whitmer uh and then Harris if she ran
again uh the preference is none of the
above even Democrats don't want any of
the three leading you know likely
candidates to come anywhere near the
presidency or at least to run for it
because they they know they won't
win so that's pretty bad
um
even according to Breitbart uh after the
election there's been a crash in public
tolerance for illegal
immigration illegal migration so now
just 10% of Americans oppose Trump
deporting illegal migrants with criminal
records according to a New York Times
poll only
10% oppose getting rid of the criminals
again you couldn't even get 25% to
support keeping criminals
because it's just stupid so the N the
10% who say yeah let's keep the violent
criminals I mean that's those are not
serious people they're not serious
people
anyway um and just uh
19% strongly oppose deporting all
immigrants who are here
illegally Trump it's a complete
Victory Trump took the hardest the
hardest topic and just owns it now he
won uh even CNN showing a recent poll
shows his approval is at 48% it's up
from 39% just last year days before
taking office a new high highest
approval well Biden's the lowest
approval everything's going its way
um even the Washington Post has suffered
has decided to soften its coverage uh I
guess both Washington post and CNN
decided they didn't want to do the
over-the-top thing where everything is
negative Trump no matter what is
happening and it looks like they're
going to cover it more more both sides
is which I see is already started it's
already begun I think it's real but um
because for example Washington Post says
Trump already conquered DC and the tech
leaders are flocking to him now normally
that story would turn into that's how
he's going to steal your democracy right
and instead of just saying a lot of tech
leaders think he's on the right on the
right path he'd be good for the country
that would be the story but normally you
expect the Washington Post to flip it
into and and with the help of all these
Tech leaders that's how he's building
his dictatorship to steal your democracy
but they left out that crazy
part and just told the story and the
story was yeah he's doing really well
converting people to his side that's the
story and so they're just telling it but
MSNBC I I love their Plucky
loser approach I don't think there's a
single smart person who works at that
Network in management or anywhere else
but they're going to bring back bring
back Rachel madow for 100
days let let me make a long list of all
the things you shouldn't do if you're
trying to stay in business don't bring
the person with the most obvious mental
health problems on to be the only person
who still thinks that the Democrats are
are are heroes and Trump is going to
steal your democracy the Ridiculousness
of even planning to do this is so beyond
any reasonable thing that a reasonable
person would do it's just purely stupid
but they're going to do
it um and I like I kind of like the fact
that they think that Rachel
madow who I think has been honest I
think she's been honest about a lifetime
of you know mental health depression
issues maybe some other stuff so uh i'
never like to be the person who
criticizes somebody for mental illness
because nobody picks mental illness
right that's just something that's there
so I tend I I prefer to be
non-judgmental but uh I don't know that
the management has a mental
illness shouldn't management be the one
to decide maybe they shouldn't bring
back the person with obvious mental
health problems and some kind of a weird
uh kicker to her mental health because
of trump derangement syndrome how in the
world does management think this is a
good
idea in what world
anyway um I'm sure they think that
behind closed doors like Joe Biden she's
perfectly fine perfectly
fine
um the uh Trump bump which all the media
is hoping for because you know in his
first Administration the news got more
more audience so they've all been
drained of their their followers for a
while now but there's some thought that
uh maybe the traffic will go up but
other people say yeah there will be a
trump bump but it might go mostly to the
independence and fully starve the
networks well I don't know what's true I
can tell you it seems like the ratings
for the major networks are all down
and I can tell you that my own traffic
is up about
50% since Trump since Trump was looking
like he would win up about
50% yeah now I would guess that that's
the same for any political oriented
podcasts I'll bet you they're all up
50% so yes uh I'm the canary in the co
mine so yeah the uh
the corporate
media doesn't seem seem to be what
anybody trusts at this point just old
people I guess uh you I'm old and I
don't even trust
it well as you know Trump launched a
crypto coin and it went to the moon and
it's worth millions of dollars and some
say Trump's going to sell it and make $5
billion doar and others say it's a it's
a crap coin and it's a scam and you know
people should not be buying crypto
unless it's Bitcoin and everybody's got
their opinion
um let me say that my opinion on this is
completely timing
related if if Trump had done this even
just a few years ago I would have said
oh that's a little too that's a little
too scammy now we did do the
uh the uh what is it when you buy the
art um it's got a word for it in the
crypto world if you buy some digital
crypto art that somehow they can tell
you is exclusive
uh he did that and I didn't mind that
because I was just a fundraiser and I
think people saw it as a fundraiser
which had the extra element that well
maybe you can make some money but
probably not just a fundraiser nfts
thank you nfts so he's got some history
and he's Pro
crypto um now if this had been when we
knew less about crypto and he launched
this thing I would have said okay don't
do that that that looks too scammy
because people don't understand that
they could lose money on crypto it's not
like other things that could go to zero
tomorrow Bitcoin probably can't or at
least not as easily but but a new issue
it can go to the moon and then go to
zero the next day there's nothing that
would stop that
so under normal conditions and maybe a
few years ago I would have opposed this
as a bad idea bad messaging bad look but
I think everybody understands
crypto if they're going to buy some it
buying crypto is just just hard enough
that if you didn't know anything about
crypto you'd probably prevent yourself
from buying it because you don't want to
look into it you know it's not like you
just go to your broker well you could
but not this particular coin um so as
long as people know exactly what they're
buying and I think in some cases they're
just gambling but they know it they're
gambling but they know it and other
times maybe it's just an expression of
support for the president which they
know and maybe they treat it like a some
of them might treat it like a donation
because if it pumps it up and then Trump
gets to sell his before you sell yours
well your your money might go to zero
his might go to5 billion and if you
treat it as a a donation you you'd think
to yourself all right I don't mind that
he gets some of his money back after you
know being abused by the government for
so many years probably lost a ton of
money in his business just because of
his politics so I don't mind if he makes
5 million or five billion I guess 5
billion off the coin as long as
everybody knew what they were doing and
I think that's pretty close to true I
think everybody
knows anyway there's a Gaza ceasefire
allegedly in effect and this would be
the opening to allow Hamas to release
the uh I guess 33 hostages they promised
to release I think that's there's going
to be a whole bunch of problems with
that I'm not sure Hamas is organized
enough that they can even just you know
say yes and all the all of a sudden all
the the hostages are released that they
were going to release I feel like
they're all spread around and it's hard
to communicate and maybe some of them
are dead that they didn't even know were
dead and so I I feel like it's not going
to go smoothly the easiest prediction in
the world let's see
it's Gaza and Israel have made an
agreement will it go smoothly or will
there be some bumps yes the easiest
prediction in the world it's not going
to go smoothly and I don't know if
there'll be any after this if it doesn't
go smoothly so we'll
see
um what I'm what I'm interested about is
I feel like reporting from that area
kind of stopped did you notice that if
you ask me what is the Israel military
doing in Gaza let's say two weeks ago
before this hostage Deal started to
solidify I would have said I don't
know why did I stop seeing news about
that yeah are they killing as many as
they used to kill the the reporting
which is not reliable is that
46,000 Palestinians were killed now I
say it's not real reliable because it
won't be the same estimate that Israel
has and you and I can't tell the
difference it's just people telling us
what's true and we don't know so I
wouldn't believe any War Death claims
except that I feel it's almost certainly
in the tens of thousands but beyond that
you know any kind of accuracy would be
ridiculous so are they are they still is
Israel still making legitimate military
progress of uh wrapping up the Hamas
Fighters is it just every day they get a
few more so they should just keep
grinding until they're done or do they
reach some kind of wall where the harder
they fight they're not really getting
any extra Hamas Fighters because they're
all dug in better or something and and I
also don't know how much of Gaz how much
of Gaza is even
left uh in the best case scenario you
know when we talk about the fires in La
we're talking about five years before
anybody can maybe get back in the house
are we talking about that in Gaza that
there's nothing left there's no
electricity there's no water
everything's polluted and toxic how
could they ever resettle it and it's not
like Israel is going to be you know
working as hard as they can to get it
ready for resettlement by Hamas and
their
supporters so I feel like there's no
real hope that Gaza turns back into
anything like it used to be but to be
fair Israel said that from the beginning
that they said when we're done Gaza
won't be anything that you're used to
and I think I think we interpreted that
exactly the way it's it's turning out
so um I guess my only point is that
we've hit some kind of a uh I don't know
if it's because of lack of Interest or
lack of access but we just stopped
getting really interested in what's
happening on the ground there and that's
weird
anyway uh researchers according to Louis
Louisiana State
University um there are some research
have found a way to recycle uh
plastic um they use electromagnetic
waves to melt the plastic from the
inside out which requires far less
energy so are the yeah so they can reuse
it now it's a ways off but they can you
know they can do it in the lab and if
it's way less energy it's way less
expensive and so they might be a way to
recycle your plastic you know I thought
for a long time that what I really want
is
a electromagnetic plastic melting
technology that would turn plastic into
something that I could use in my 3D
printer so I'd like to take all my
plastic bottles and throw them in a bin
and then at the end of the month push a
button and the it just crushes them into
basically ink for the printer but they
would print Goods so you'd make yourself
a you know make yourself some I don't
know you wouldn't want to do dishw dish
wear cuz maybe you don't want to eat off
of plastic but you could probably find
things you would use you make some Goods
out of it sell them
maybe who
knows all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I have for this
Sunday
um the rumors about the
inauguration appear to be fake so
yesterday there was some rumors that
even the indoor Rotunda
inauguration was going to be moved yet
again for security reasons people
speculated but I don't think that's
true I don't think that's true I think
it's going to be in the Rotunda and the
the Capital One stadium that the the PE
the Overflow people are going to be in
is covered so people are going to be
warm and uh they're going to be with
each other which is almost as important
as being with Trump and then Trump's
going to show up at the Stadium where
everybody's warm and they've been
partying and they're just dying to see
him so I think Trump's going to make
this even better than it was I I don't
think he gave up anything I think
packing him into the stadium and keeping
them warm was the right answer in every
way you know not just for safety but
also for uh weather and keeping
everybody safe and happy giving them a
good memory of the event so to me that's
all positive and uh we'll be we'll be
paying attention especially for the
security concerns I don't want to see
anything like
that all
right uh now it's going to be two
rallies Owen says so there's a rally
today is there something happening today
and then then another one
tomorrow all
right what about the poor CIA who wanted
to kill him well allegedly we don't know
that for
sure uh got a screen for Micro Drone
swarms well if they could get inside the
building
yeah but they'd have to the so one of
the things I worri about um micro
swarms is let's say you have a a door to
a secure place and it's guarded well and
they're searching everybody so nobody
can get in unless they're searched but
the door is open
it's just it's guarded by people how
hard would it be for a drone swarm to
just go right through an open
door and and just you know knock the
guards out of the way feels like it'd be
pretty easy you maybe the first one just
explodes and kills the guard but after
that the Swarm just goes right through
the door or the window so that's what
I'd be worried about I don't think we're
quite there but right on the edge of it
yeah of course they would also have um
drone anti- drone technology I
suppose all right what's
this
um uh so Keith boyin goes on CNN and he
says any black person who performs at
Trump inauguration dishonors black
families he refused to rent to in the
1970s now you know that story do you
know that there's no evidence he was
aware of it it's true that his staff was
discriminating so the court found that
the staff discriminated it was never
tied to him and the staff would
absolutely have an incentive to
discriminate because they were you know
they were
well their incentives were that they
thought they could do a better job of
filling the building if they
discriminated now that was illegal
but there's no evidence that that Trump
ordered it um the black kids you want to
execute in the Central Park case that's
fake news he never said he wanted to
execute those black kids he said that
the crime rate should bring should be a
trigger to bring back the death
penalty um but he wasn't talking about
them and we don't know for sure that
they were innocent or not I'll presume
them innocent because they're Americans
but I don't think it was proven
and then the black haian immigrants he
lied
about okay does anybody care about the
haian immigrants forget about the race
does anybody care about the Haitian
immigrants being offended because he
said they'll they might eat your
pets I I think the Asian immigrants have
so different
problems like I don't think it
probably I'd be surprised if they they
even care I mean it might be something
just didn't even affect them so I think
this is just uh you know a desperate
attempt to not lose the black
vote oh I guess Nelly is also so so
Snoop Dog Nelly are both performing
okay okay all right that's all I got for
now so I'm going to talk to the uh
locals people for a few minutes
privately and then we'll see you all
tomorrow same time same place locals
coming at you
privately
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for