[Music]
hey
everybody come on in here we've got a
fun and
educational uh very short
Periscope let me make sure that my
airplane mode is on all
right so uh most of you have already
seen the news today and you know that
the latest person to be in trouble by
the social media and and mainstream
media is Candace
Owens and uh I'm going to teach you
something here that I've mentioned
before but I've never seen such a
perfect situation to talk about it now
the setup is uh well here's the
background there's a blogger named Scott
Alexander who introduced me to the
following idea which is so predictive
and so useful that you're going to want
to learn it and it goes like
this uh let me stop somebody
here and block a couple of trolls all
right now we're back
um and the idea is this from Scott
Alexander if you hear a story that is
like insanely hard to
believe but yet it's being reported in
the news and it's all over the news and
it's all over social media but there's
something about it that's just
incredible hard to
believe you can predict the rest of the
story without even knowing what the
story is the rest of the story is if you
wait you find out it's not true right so
when you see stories about somebody said
something
outrageous almost always the explanation
is going to
be didn't happen
and that's what happened with Candace
Owens and it's what happened with the
Charlottesville hoax and it's what
happened with the uh the governor of
Virginia when he talked about abortion
and I'll give you those three examples
and I'll show you the pattern so today
in the news there's a story that Candace
Owens in some live
event when she was explaining
nationalism said something that sounded
a little bit
positive about
Hitler now without knowing exactly what
she
said if you hear the story and it's all
over social media that says that Candace
Owens is an apologist for
Hitler and for those few people who
don't know Candace Owens is an
African-American conservative woman now
and very successful very smart all right
so she's very successful very smart
do you think there is any
chance that she intentionally went in
front of the public and even if there
was a slip of the tongue do you think
there's any chance that she said
something positive about Adolf Hitler
and the answer is no there there's not
the slightest chance that that actually
happened um so if you're asking yourself
oh wait a minute let me go look at the
actual language she used and then you
see it you're like my God it's right
there it's right there in the actual
language she used except it isn't it
isn't it just isn't there but half of
the country will see it and half of the
country won't see it they'll be looking
at the same thing some will see it some
will not if you want to know what the
tiebreaker is when some people see
something and some people do not the
tiebreaker is the not all right it's
almost always that it just didn't happen
because that would be what you would
expect all right here's the other
example uh half of the country at least
believes that President Trump after the
Charlottesville tragedy they believe
that he went on live TV and said
something good in support of the white
supremacists now do you need to know
exactly what words he used in order to
know that that didn't happen no you did
not you don't need to check the actual
words because that is so ridiculous that
even if he were a white nationalist
which he's not but even if he were he
wouldn't go in front of the public and
say that and then if he did he certainly
wouldn't clarify the next day no God now
I didn't say that I disavow those guys
so on its surface you don't need to look
at his exact words because on its
surface you should already know no the
president no president not this
President not any president of the
United States went on TV and said yeah I
think I'll say something good about
those white supremacists didn't happen
just like Candace Owens did not say
something positive about Hiller that
just didn't happen now the actual
context in Candace's case if she was
talking about a hypothetical in which
the only thing wrong with Hitler is that
he was a
nationalist right it was a terrible way
to go about explaining it nobody's going
to defend the word she chose but it was
just a bad explanation it wasn't
obviously it wasn't even a about
Hiller and then the third one is the uh
the one you won't like most of you
anyway the Virginia Doctor Who it was
reported um would be in favor of killing
a live baby after its birth if the
mother was upset about
it now do you need to know do you need
to know the governor's exact words to
know that that never
happened there was no there was no
governor who went on TV or went in any
public event and said yeah I'm okay with
delivering a live baby and then if the
mother's got any kind of mental health
issues maybe we'll just kill the baby
that didn't happen now a lot of you are
saying wait a minute wait a minute he
did say that say you hear the watch the
comments yes he did say that people are
saying his exact words are that people
are saying to me did you see the video
yes I saw the video several times I saw
his exact words and if you understand
the context he was obviously talking
about situations in which the the baby
wasn't going to live very long so it was
a hospice context that most of you got
fooled by so here's the lesson and I
waited until there were two examples on
the conservative side and only one
example on the on the other side so you
can see the same effect that what the
thing that is fooling the left about
Charlottesville is that they wanted to
believe it the thing that's fooling them
about Candace Owens is they want to
believe the that she said that in both
cases it didn't happen and the reason
that so many of you were uh were fooled
by the report about the governor and
abortion see people are still telling me
to read the law again anybody who's
telling me read his exact words or read
the law again you're not you're not on
the same point I'm not defending the law
which was poorly crafted so that it did
look like there was some some room for
bad Behavior there and I'm not defending
the way he descri he described it which
was poorly done all right so you're
being fooled by the fact that the law
itself was poorly written and he did a
bad job of explaining it but you will
never find and I'll I'll go on record
for this you will never find a real
human being not the governor not the
people who wrote the law not anybody you
will not find a real human being who
says yes what we intended was even if a
healthy baby was born and the mother had
some health mental health issues it
would be her choice and the doctor would
go along with it to just kill the baby
that would otherwise live nobody in the
world ever held that opinion if you
believe that then you're believing
something
ridiculous and you have to look at the
other side to see how they were fooled
the same well same way all right um
you have to see how the how the other
side was fooled the same way you were
fooled in order to get the full context
didn't know how how fooled you were all
right you can't know that here's my
point and and this is one of those
things that people so don't want to
believe that they can't hear it and
you're watching this
happen
um I of course don't know what anyone
was
thinking but if you come to me and say
that a public figure just said that um
aliens landed in his bathroom and he had
a a fight with them and he killed three
of them do you need to hear his exact
words to know that that didn't happen
you don't do you suppose your Idiot
brother comes to you and I shouldn't use
that example cuz my brother's probably
watching in this Periscope suppose your
idiot Uncle comes to you and your idiot
Uncle says there's a unicorn in the
closet and you say well you put a
stuffed unicorn in the closet no no it's
a real live unicorn and it's in the
closet do you need to check the
closet to know that there's no unicorn
in there you don't because it's so
ridiculous on its
surface that you should know it's not
not true if you look at your uncle's
exact words your uncle said exactly
there is a unicorn in the
closet but he may have misspoken you may
have heard him wrong maybe he was
confused about something so here's the
point anytime you hear a story that
somebody said something that is so
outrageous you can't believe that
anybody said it you should believe it
didn't happen didn't happen with the
Charlottes situation didn't happen with
Candace Owens and it didn't happen with
that um with the governor now what the
governor did do is support a law that
wasn't popular enough to even get passed
so you can certainly disagree with the
law You can disagree with what the the
governor actually thought but if you
believe that they thought they would
deliver healthy babies and then kill
them uh because the mother had a a
mental issue with that that was never
true and you you you've now learned a
lesson don't believe things that are
ridiculous on their
surface
um so some people are trying to make
their
case by referring to some other person
you goell now I'm not telling you that
there aren't bad people who have done
bad things in the world what I'm telling
you is a sitting Governor did not go in
public and say let's kill Healthy Babies
if long as the mother's upset about it
never happened if you say there are such
things as abortion doctors who have who
have done abortions that you believe are
horrible hold on you're you're you're
trying to win by by saying that because
there is a monster called this gnell guy
according to you that therefore the
governor could also be one no that's not
good thinking right there are people who
are serial
murderers if if tomorrow aanka Trump
goes on television and says something
that you believe sounded like she was
confessing to be a serial
killer what should be your first
reaction okay here's here's a good
example ianka Trump goes in public and
says something that you're listening to
the words and it sounds like she just
admitted being a serial killer your
first impression your first thought
should be
no that is so
impossible that I must have heard it
wrong it does not make your case better
that there are such things as serial
killer
the fact that serial killers exist does
not make it likely that ianka Trump is a
serial killer likewise the fact that
horrible abortion doctors exist tells
you nothing about the fact that a
sitting Governor would say something so
so completely
career-ending in in
public as if it's nothing all right so
you I know a lot of you are having a lot
of trouble with this because you bought
into it and you don't want to admit how
poorly um you don't want to admit how
taken you were by the fake
news all right so that's that's my
lesson for the
day so people are saying wow how naive
of you all right so Annie I'm going to
block you because you're not smart
enough to be part of this Periscope all
right if what you're saying is that the
governor really said I think let's kill
a live baby that would be fine after
it's born as long as the mother is upset
and and claim some mental he health
issues if you believe that really
happened you're not smart enough to be
on the Periscope so uh because you went
personal you are now
blocked all right if you hadn't been
personal about it I wouldn't have
blocked it um if it was just just an
opinion that would have been fine
but
um all right yeah uh we'll talk about
math wh Ur another time I just want to
keep this to one topic for now and
that's all for now