buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody come
on in here let's talk about that
infrastructure meeting that didn't go as
planned
as soon as we get a thousand people in
here I'll jump into the topic only take
a moment
hey everybody hey gary leo jeremy and
alex so this will be just a sure
periscope on one topic i'll tell you
historians are some gay someday going to
give president Trump more respect than
they then people give him now and this
is one of those situations I could not
love more the fact that Trump walked out
of the infrastructure meeting with Chuck
and Nancy if you haven't seen the news
there was a follow up infrastructure
meeting in which Schumer and Pelosi and
Trump were going to meet and talk about
how to pay for things that largely
people on both sides want to do in
regards to infrastructure but the
president showed up made it a 3-minute
meeting in which he said that you can't
have two tracks you can't have a
permanent investigation track at the
same time you're doing real real work
and so he excused himself to go do real
work he didn't say it that way but
that's kind of what happened now here's
everything I love about this let us
start on the factual level first which
doesn't matter to anything yeah if I've
taught you nothing the facts no really
matter the the reason the rationale the
thought we can talk about those but then
I'm going to dismiss them so let me say
right off front of course the government
can have two tracks at the same time
that's what a government does it has
lots of things that it does at the same
time of course Trump could if you wanted
to do infrastructure at the same time
that there are investigations so on a
logical factual rational
what the president did makes no sense
that I would not be the one to defend it
but this is what makes him special
he knows that doesn't matter I mean he
knows that the rational factual part is
just not the important part
the rational factual part is that he saw
an opening and he took it and the
opening was this I think he was probably
waiting for this I'm not going to read
his mind but I think you know at least
one possibility is that he was looking
for an opening
to do something I like what he did and
like like what he did is he framed the
Democrats in a new way the old framing
had been the witch hunt so the witch
hunt framing says that you're a victim
and people are coming after you so
that's that's what the president has
been under for the last three years now
a witch hunt is actually an improvement
over what the public was thinking at
least a lot of the public is that he was
guilty of colluding with Rafa so when
the president reframed colluding with
Russia to a witch hunt that was an
upgrade a witch hunt it's better to be
the victim of a witch hunt
assuming that you get you know you don't
actually get burned at the stake it's
better to be chased on false charges way
better than it is to actually have
committed treason so he reframed it to
the best he could do which was to call
it a witch hunt and now he just took it
to another level because the witch hunt
thing even though it was better than the
alternative still frames him as a victim
this is not really the president who
likes being framed as a victim it
doesn't really work with his brand he
likes to be on offense and so he saw the
opening and he took it and he has just
reframed reframed the Democrats thanks
to the fact that the mobile report is
out and there's enough out they can tell
the story that the investigation has
been done and anything else you do is
just incompetent
so he's reframed it from hey you may or
may not be guilty of treason against
your country up to well this is a
witch-hunt and he sold it he sold it
most of the country seized now certainly
not the hardcore left but most of the
country sees that it was closer to a
witch on - than anything else and now
he's taking it to the next level because
he had this opportunity and he's
refrained at another time and the new
refrain is that they're completely
incompetent and they can't even work on
the business of the government and he's
not even going to be in a room with
people this useless now remember on the
logic the facts the reason level none of
this makes sense of course he could be
in the baby of course he could sit at
the table of course he could make
infrastructure decisions but man was
this a good time not to do it wow it was
so good now he uses this imagery of the
two tracks which is another Trump
signature move it's visual you literally
see two tracks he goes you can't be on
two tracks at the same time and you say
to yourself well yeah if I were trying
to be on two tracks at the same time I'm
only one person how can one person be in
two places
makes no sense at all but it's still
persuasive this is a persuasion trick
reasons that don't have real reasons are
actually very persuasive it's the the
thinking behind what I call the fake it
because if you say you should do X
because you don't even have to have a
good reason after because simply framing
it in the form of a question makes
people think that the because means
something so the fact that Trump says
you can't be on two tracks at the same
time and your mind goes to a physical
place where you actually couldn't put
your body in two places at one time you
say oh yeah I guess you can't you can't
really be in two tracks at the same time
completely ridiculous imagery because
being in a meeting talking about
infrastructure is not a track
you can certainly have a meeting but you
you still uncritically process it like
it's impossible I can't be in two places
at one time
so persuasion wise it's it's really
strong and Pelosi and Schumer were
caught off off balance and they were
left hanging again like it's like
Charlie Brown trying to kick the
football I mean Trump basically
rebranded humor and Pelosi as Charlie
Brown trying to kick the football and
Trump is like hey hey Nancy hey Chuck
you want to kick the football at this
time I'm gonna keep it here no no I'm
not moving
no we got a meeting we all agree on
infrastructure who would disagree on
infrastructure come kick my football
here you come here yep whoops okay
you know that Trump is always playing on
several levels at the same time one of
the levels he plays on is that he is
literally and consciously and this part
I'd know for sure entertaining his base
he is literally entertaining us were you
more amused by anything that happened
today then the first time you heard that
Trump once again walked out in the
meeting with Chuck and Nancy was there
anything that made you happier today
nothing if you're a trump supporter if
you're a trump supporter nothing made
you happier today than knowing he did
that that was for us right though that
was like he pays us back
you know when people support him he he
pays back you know it's very very
conscious decision to give you back a
little entertainment but it was more
than that it was functional it reframed
Chuck and Nancy and here's the best part
they didn't have time to prepare their
responses so if you saw their responses
individually Pelosi and Schumer their
responses were so bad so Pelosi tried to
turn this and she tried to go back to
one of the old the old attacks so she
described as
bizarre it was just it was just bizarre
so bizarre so she was trying to sell it
as Trump is unstable crazy unpredictable
whatever so she was trying to go back to
an old there's something wrong with his
personality thing but I will think
anybody sees it that way because for me
walking into a meeting saying I can't
work with clowns like you and walking
out is sort of the opposite of being
crazy it's sort of sort of perfect so so
Pelosi just failed hard because she just
didn't have anything except it was
bizarre
it was weird I didn't know what to do
yeah it's the first time anybody walked
out of the meeting never saw that before
in the history of humanity Schumer was
even funnier because he tried to sell it
as part of a clever plot by the
President to avoid saying where he would
find the money for the thing he wants to
do do you think this president can find
money for something he wants to do you
know maybe they have a disagreement
about where to find the money but both
sides want infrastructure and they know
it costs money that was the weakest
defense by humor to say um I think he's
just trying to distract yeah that's it
yeah yeah I'm going with this he's
trying to distract from the fact that
nobody has figured out where to get the
money and he didn't want to say where to
get the money
credibility level zero Trump just
slapped them down so hard and I have to
say persuasion aside just as a citizen I
so support this I so support the
president walking out of that meeting
and tell him that he's just not going to
deal with them when their primary job is
to destroy the government and and we
have a country that's running pretty
darn well right now and they're trying
to stop whatever good is happening with
with their
with their small machinations now the
other thing that's the sort of new wish
is that there's there's definitely some
kind of investigation fatigue and I'm
pretty sure that even the Democrats are
getting exhausted looking for things and
waiting for things and praying for
things and imagining for things not
getting any things so I think the
country doesn't care enough doesn't pay
attention to the the small ball you know
the the lawyer said something to a
lawyer that might not have been true
it's like the same story over and over
again you just changed the name of the
lawyers let's change the name of this
lawyer and just rerun the story it's the
same story we just changed the names of
the lawyers so he knows that the country
is exhausted and by the way one of the
reasons that this president understands
that the mood of the country so well is
exactly the thing that he's criticized
for the most which is watching a lot of
CNN and Fox News on television if you
are trying to understand the mood of the
country reading a deep investigative
report in The New York Times won't do it
it'll just tell you what one reporter
and some editors thought about a topic
that's it but if you want to understand
the mood in the country if you want to
know how people feel why you're skipping
back and forth between CNN and and Fox
News will really give that to you pretty
quickly and I think this president is
brilliant for knowing that that's the
the lever that moves the world it's the
thing that touches our emotions the most
you know if you can understand those two
views in the world and you have to see
both you know no fair just watching I
just see the Fox News or just see that
you have to watch both or you don't get
the mood to the country I think he has
properly deduced the following about the
mood of the country number one everyone
agrees we need more infrastructure
improvements number two
nobody's quite sure what these and
structural improvements would be you or
exactly how they would affect their
lives personally it's sort of a big
vague thing that you know is important
but you can't put a picture on it
there's not a there's not a person or a
face involved with it it's just this big
concept it was the perfect meeting to
walk at of if he had walked down with a
meeting about you know how do we
negotiate with North Korea that would
look like the end of the world if he'd
walked out of a an ordinary budget
meeting you'd say well who's running in
the country somebody's got to come up
with a budget if you'd walked out of
most other kinds of meetings people
would said Trump you you know do your
job get back in the meeting yeah your
job is to be in that room and go back in
that room but because it's
infrastructure which people know is
important but not exactly how I don't
know we'll go away I don't know am I
going to get faster internet something
like that well what's gonna happen with
this infrastructure I have a better
bridge that I haven't seen one fall down
in my lifetime at least not personally I
know they fall down so he picked the
exact right spot to humiliate and
rebrand the Democrats as the worthless
party that is so worthless you can't
even sit in the room with them you can't
even sit in a room with them because
they're so worthless that they're
they're so busy trying to destroy the
government that they can't even do their
job now again none of that is true none
of that is rational none of that is
reasonable anything I just said about
you know the functioning of the
government or people doing their jobs
people can do all this stuff at the same
time we do it all the time we can walk
and chew gum as they say but in terms of
how this feels that looks it looks like
the president just reframed from
witch-hunt up to so worthless
they can't even sit in a room you know
without messing it up with
investigations so I love everything that
the press
this I'm a hundred percent supportive
and by the way I'm pretty sure I would
say this if the parties were reversed I
know that's not true of most people but
in my case I would definitely say if the
situation were reversed that was have
fewer investigations in fact when Bill
Clinton was being investigated for all
of his many many issues I also decided
to help out less than that because we
don't care about his sex life so I've
been consistent on this and I think most
of the country would like a lot a lot
fewer lawyers in the news and a lot more
you know progress in the news all right
that's the only thing that I wanted to
say that he made a brilliant reframing
and I think history will record that
nobody ever did this sort of thing
better and it's very impressive so I
just wanted to share that with you and I
will talk to you later