Hey good morning you came to the right
place
good for you so far your day is going
well oh I got an itch don't touch your
face use the official face scratching
tool that's what we've learned well I
think it's time for the simultaneous
simp mm-hmm
yeah it's time and all you need is a cup
or a mug or a glass of techno chelators
tie the canteen Joker flask a vessel of
any Chinese fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me to go
for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous it but it happens right
now go hey Tom from Stockton good to see
you so here's the question that I asked
so we've got these hot spots of the
country with the virus but we've got
other places where they're laying off
staff because the hospitals are empty
they don't have much to do so here's a
here's a basic question that I wonder
about why do we assume it's better to
keep those hospitals at the lowest
possible level of activity as opposed to
an alternative which is to allow those
places to go back to work until the
hospitals are start to get impacted and
then maybe you could pull back a little
let's say you get to 25% of capacity and
you know that it could very easily at
75% of the week well then you pull back
you know maybe do a little do something
a little differently
but here's the bigger question I feel as
if we are a country full of people who
are not good at evaluating things and it
might kill us all
and bye-bye evidence of this I give you
dr. Phil so dr. Phil is getting some
heat because he went on TV and
passionately compared automobile and
other types of normal deaths to how many
people have died or are predicted to die
with full mitigation from the
coronavirus now how smart is dr. Phil I
think he's very smart right
wouldn't you say if you had to you know
measure is IQ obviously he's successful
his career very very smart talented guy
but what the heck is up with that I told
you before in my best-selling book loser
think there you could be really smart in
one field and be blind to how other
fields look at problems and this is a
clear case where dr. Phil brilliant
accomplished guy is blind to how
somebody should look at this problem
it's just obviously it's just not an
experience he has has some you know
contact with and the way you should be
doing of course just looking at the
problems without mitigation versus you
know with mitigation if he wants to
compare it to other problems so we'd
really be looking at a 1 or 2 million
people dying compared to 35,000 dying in
cars now you could still say hey it's
still worth the risk but that's a
different argument dr. Phil is a perfect
example of people who don't know what
they don't know because he said that
pretty confidently and pretty pretty
passionately in public so you know that
in his mind that made sense doesn't make
any sense it's it's it's the analysis of
a sixth grader basically it's not even
comparing the right things so and again
no no insult intended to dr. Phil it is
most typical that people have experience
within their domain and don't have
experience of other domains it's the
reason I wrote the book because it's the
most typical situation but we we need to
be careful about who we listen to
because not everybody is qualified to
compare things and make and make
important decisions I'll give you some
more examples of this as we go so in my
question about the hospitals that are in
the areas that are not yet impacted
here's my question given that we have no
nothing that looks like a cure either
now or anytime within our planning you
know a zone and it looks like even if we
get a vaccine a vaccine might be 18
months away long you know far past the
point where the economy would have been
destroyed if we waited and if we wait
that certain disaster because that's
just too long times the economy down and
if we wait and then we get there all we
have is the vaccine vaccines don't
really stop infections just sort of
slows it down so whether you have a
vaccine or you don't have a vaccine
chances are you really have to get to
hurt you either have to get to hurt
immunity and there's some question
whether that's even to think does
there's evidence of people getting
reinfected or you just say it looks like
this is how we live now so so if you
think that the question of whether we
have heard of unity or not should
determine whether we go back to work
you're not good in it you're not good at
analyzing C so that's not a difference
of opinion or priorities that's just not
being good at analyzing a thing because
in all in all cases most of the country
gets to the fact that no matter what you
do so if you if we have something that
can give you immunity that'd be great
but if we if we don't if you can't get
immunity
it's the same strategy that makes sense
you just have to live with it because it
is what it is the alternative of closing
the economy forever or even 18 months
that's not a real option that's not a
real option because sure it would keep
you know some number of people alive in
the short run but the devastation of the
economic meltdown would be far greater
far greater so let us not destroy the
entire planet because other people are
not good at analyzing things and so that
brings me to my other questions suppose
this is more of a just a thought
experiment
suppose that the the president's policy
group for reopening the economy had now
this is just a thought experiment
because this is not describing reality
but suppose he forms this advisory group
and has the following professionals on
it now let's assume that each of these
professionals is the best kind of their
type so none of them are dumb they're
all really good at what they do but they
have you know their experiences in their
domain so who should be the one among
all the experts because you need lots of
different experts with their opinions it
looks like it's going to be a big crowd
I don't know what good an advisory group
is if every Republican except Mitt
Romney is on it yeah is it there a
problem with your advisory group got a
little too big well that's a separate
problem but back to my thought
experiment let's say these are the job
experts so let's say you had a doctor a
scientist an engineer politician lawyer
CEO economist entrepreneur psychologist
and theologian and let and of course
they'd all be good to give their inputs
but who would be the best one to
synthesize all of their different
expertise and put it into some coherent
model which job is best for that some of
your way Hanabi
yeah the correct answer is engineer now
of course this is an opinion and of
course it's a
thought experiment in which
unrealistically all of the people in my
list are very highly qualified which in
the real world is never the case right
so in the real world if your best person
is any one of these jobs yeah you still
want to get the best person right but
you know if you could imagine that they
were similarly talented I would go with
the either the engineer and some people
said CEO now I'll give you partial
credit for CEO but the but there are a
lot of CEOs who are also technically
oriented so if your CEO is Elon Musk all
right if your CEO is Elon Musk okay I
would let him make a decision because
he's an engineer and an entrepreneur and
the CEO and you know we know he's marked
and seems to have the right instincts so
yeah somebody like it would be great so
I doubt that the committee is going to
be as well organized as you know in our
minds we think would be a perfect
situation so it's just going to be sort
of a mess of competing competing
opinions and I don't know how they come
up with a coherent opinion and of all
that but I look into the the mess and I
see am I wrong about this that am i
incorrect
that he the Advisory Committee includes
like just a ton of politicians mostly
Republican that's true right because I
don't know how you could ever come up
with a decision with a large group of
people of that type it just doesn't seem
like honestly it doesn't seem like it's
designed to get you a recommendation it
doesn't look like that it looks like
it's designed to just to sort of give
cover for whatever they decide to do but
I don't know how they could come up with
a coherent you know agreed upon proposal
and all those people now here's what
gives me some confidence
so my understanding is that among the
people in the working group are marked
Benioff somebody has to fact-check me on
this but I think Marc Benioff is one of
the people on the advisory group he's
not like other people I've spent a
little bit of time with him and I gotta
say you know when you spend time with
famous or accomplished people usually
you walk away thinking oh they're kind
of normal you know there might be
smarter or whatever but they're kind of
normal people Marc Benioff is not normal
and I mean that in a good way there's no
there's no negative to that at all
whatever's going on with Marc Benioff
you just spend a little bit of time with
him and you walk away thinking okay
that's not normal whatever's going on
over there you don't see that a lot
whatever that is and I gotta tell you
that whatever that is is really good
stuff because he does have a mix of the
technical the CEO he's he's an
enlightened being you know he's just got
a bigger a bigger view of what's
important so you know having a Marc
Benioff in a group makes me feel a lot
more comfortable likewise in the group
is Mark Cuban
Mark Cuban in the group it makes me feel
more comfortable because you know he too
has been in the situation where he's a
CEO of a technical organization yes
business management entrepreneurial has
made decisions and complex environments
as the best interests in the country in
mind it's great that's great so I don't
feel good about the number of people
involved especially the politicians but
I feel very good that there are some
specific personalities than the group
that I hope will come to dominate the
conversation Peter Navarro
yes Peter Navarro I don't know a ton
about him but my understanding is he's
got a he's got a good broad background
and would be good at integrating stuff
so Peter Navarro is somebody who gives
me a lot of confidence
so what we can hope is that the people
with the most capability within that
gigantic working group all we can hope
is that the other people in the groups
recognize who is the most capable among
them and I'd be looking at a Benioff I'd
be looking at a Mark Cuban I'm sure
they're you know several others who who
could be arguably in that class I don't
know them all but I sure hope the
smartest people are making the most
decisions let's hope that's true
all right that's weird my notes are all
out of order so you're going to get the
out of order presentation today
okay so Democrats are eating their own
like crazy lately
have you noticed that so David Brooks
wrote a article in The New York Times
called the age of coddling is over the
the essence of it being that you know
the Millennials have been took on old
and you know this would be their first
big big challenge and as you might
imagine Millennials did not did not
appreciate that argument and so they
went after David Brooks pretty happily
on at least on social media so David
Brooks you know typically associated
with the left he gets attacked by his
own people that Fox News puts on dr. oz
and of course that makes him a target
so dr. oz is being attacked because he
said something about sending
schoolchildren back first because it
wouldn't change the overall death rate
that much because they don't get the
corona virus too badly
and of course everybody said you monster
dr. oz why do you want to kill children
so dr. oz of course you you imagined him
more associated with the Oprah so you
imagined him more in the left
so because dr. oz said that and dr. Phil
went on and honestly just embarrassed
himself by not knowing how to compare
things in public so that that of course
brought the pressure back on Oprah
because Oprah
is blamed for making dr. Oz and dr. Phil
famous and of course Bill Maher you know
is getting attacked for it and anytime
he goes any time he goes just a little
bit off the reservation and says
anything objective it gets totally
attacked and I saw Andrew Sullivan on
the list I don't know what he said that
makes people like just like him but but
if you watch the left are just eating
themselves alive now I saw on social
media somebody said commented to me and
said can you believe that the you know
we live in such a politicized world can
you believe that even the corona virus
got politicized and people are just
taking sides by what political party
they're in to which I said I don't see
that I don't see that at all now it
could be true but is it but do you see
that because let me tell you what I see
I see the distinction between the the
you know the the division there's
definitely a division but the division I
see is almost by experience or I don't
want to say IQ but sort of experience
like let's say experience the the people
who are the best at analyzing things
seem to be all on the same page the
people who are really not good at
analyzing things seem to be on their own
page so there's definitely a split
there's a division in the country but I
don't think it's by politics you know
certainly people are attacking
politically like all the left attacks
the right no matter what they say the
right attacks the left no matter what
they say but if you were to take anybody
on the left or the right and say let's
let's talk just privately and this let's
get off the social media for a moment
nobody's nobody's looking let's just
talk privately and I think that you
would find that the only division is
people who are good at making decisions
largely on the same page people are not
good at making decisions they're largely
on the different page
so that's what I see that's what I see I
don't see this as a political division
except you know we're sniping at each
other but when it comes down to the
decisions that doesn't look political to
me it really doesn't but I also could be
very wrong about that so Scot Gottlieb
who was an MD and was what was he the
prior head of the FDA I think and he's
saying that the remm des aveer trials at
least the early information might be
already strong enough to suggest it
should be used for compassionate use
which means that anybody who was in bad
shape would be able to get it even
though it's not going through all the
correct approvals no now how many of you
made this prediction early on prediction
hydroxychloroquine only cost you $20 to
get better REM des aveer cost you about
$1,000 to get better early on how many
of you said I'll bet I know which way
this is gonna go it looks like it's
going that way honestly you know if
you're again we're only based on the
anecdotal but as I've said before I
think if the hydroxychloroquine worked
as well as we wish it did I feel like
we'd know that by now as opposed to
having only anecdotal information I feel
like we know it and we don't so it could
be that REM does aveer is the real thing
and hydroxychloroquine is not but why
did we all know it was going to go this
way like that's got to bother you right
did the simulation did the simulation
just broadcast this months in advance
hello I'm the simulation you know how
this is going to go right you got the
one that's practically free the one that
it riches the pharmaceutical companies
we're going to do some scientific trials
guess how it's going to come out now
maybe maybe it's entirely legitimate
maybe it could be I mean could be
legitimate but do you trust it I don't
know we live in a world in which I don't
know if you can trust anything anymore
and when something so conveniently goes
in the direction that every cynic in the
world said watch this watch this let me
call this two months in advance it's
gonna be the expensive one all right
why did we all know that you know it
could be it's true but I don't know all
right
China apparently has a commercial on
television which I saw a clip of that
has to be seen to be believed
I'll describe it but you if you know go
look at my Twitter feed you have to see
it all right and it's part of the larger
picture which is the anti China
sentiment is just going through the roof
and I don't think it's going to reverse
it looks like a one-way trip toward
decoupling how many of you thought I was
crazy
two years ago talking constantly about
decoupling from China and you said to
yourself well you can talk all you want
I know your stepson dive and you feel
bad about it but I'll tell you what's
not going to happen if we're not to stop
doing business with China come on Scott
you can do your little hashtags all day
long you hashtag decouple but we're not
gonna actually D cumple from our largest
trading partner or superpower in the
world well except that we are something
we are that's certainly not because if
anything I persuaded but the simulation
offered it up and I gotta admit I didn't
see this coming so anyway the ad I was
talking about there's a commercial in
which and I'm not making this up there's
a young Chinese woman who's doing some
laundry and it looks like she's in some
kind of a place where I don't know
there's a housepainter or something
comes by and the house painter is an
African
well he's not african-american because
he's in China he is a black man in China
now apparently there there's some number
of black residents of China I don't know
how many can't be a lot but so the black
man comes around the corner and he's got
some paint on him because he's a house
painter apparently and he starts you
know leering at the the woman and she
acts like maybe she's into it and he
gets closed it looks like maybe maybe
the guy is gonna kiss her and then she
shoves a laundry
one of those laundry pods into his mouth
grabs him by the back of the neck and
miraculously shoves him entirely into
the washing machine his legs and
everything go into the washing machine
she shuts the top of the washing machine
sits on it and the washing machine goes
as you're imagining the black guy who's
now being murdered but hey it's good
news after the end of the commercial she
gets off the machine opens it up and she
takes out of the machine a Chinese guy
who's really handsome he's not black do
you believe that that that's like your
commercial in China that she washed the
black off a guy and turned him into
according to the commercial a better guy
because he wasn't the black guy anymore
seriously this is the country where we
want to do business with now it's not
like it's you know brand new news that
the China is racist but what is the news
is that the American public is engaging
with this topic more and D couplings of
the way Tom cotton is tweeting about
China somehow is using some kind of
paperwork approval process problem to
hold up medical goods that are bound for
the United States so there's stuff in
China that's ready to go but there's
some kind of paperwork holdup in China
it's time to decouple right do you think
do you think China can't authorize a
plane to take off with some medical
supplies to the United States these are
not our friends
they're not our friends whatever's going
on over there
not good D couple oh I've got a
proposition I'm thinking about and it's
spurred by two things I there was a
story about some student I believe asked
President Obama if you would give a
graduation speech I don't know if it was
like a digital one just for this guy's
college whoever asked for it worth it
was a if he was asking for a digital
commencement address for all graduates I
don't remember which one it was but it
it gave me this idea so I had been
scheduled to to go record a commencement
address a digital one and and I didn't
do it so because they're prone to virus
why am i I'm having the blank for some
reason I'm just noting Joe Biden moment
here I'll think of the I'll think of who
I was doing it for in a moment
Prager Prager you so Prager University
had asked me to do a video with a
commencement address basically based on
one of my books and I wrote it but I had
some health problems that limited me
from trail travel and the coronavirus
thing pops up so anyway that that got
postponed forever because who knows when
anything like that could happen it's not
going to happen this year for sure but
I've already I've already written the
commencement address I don't believe
that Prager you would be upset if I went
ahead and just recorded it because I
don't you know it would be next year
before I could record it for the next
season you know everything's different
by that so I'm thinking of doing a
graduation address for the country
anyway I'll just put that out there I'm
thinking about it
update on Chris Cuomo's of CNN
so unfortunately his wife got the
coronavirus too and oh my god what a
what a terrible situation because now
neither the parents can essentially take
care of the kids but you know at least
because of the separation issues and
they can't even be with each other
because even though they both have the
coronavirus it's not entirely clear that
that that makes you safe from each other
so they're playing as smart but Chris
Cuomo was he likened it to Lord of the
Flies because the children are in charge
and I guess his 17 year old basically as
being the parent and I let me say this
about that and it kind of ties back to
the David Brooks comment since when did
a seventeen-year-old since when is a 17
year old not capable of taking care of a
family you know if this were a little
Little House on the Prairie that 17 year
old would have three kids are rode by
now so I'm not too worried about 17 year
olds handling a household for a while
you know I if it were my own 17 year old
I'd be far more worried about it I
suppose but let me extend this point I
feel as though the very young have not
been asked to step up in our society too
often and what do we do ask them they do
for example there are lots of young
people to join the military do the young
people who joined the military
step up yeah of course they do yeah the
process just turns them into whatever
the process Stern is going to do but you
know most of society does not require
them to step up like that until later in
life but if we asked I think they could
here's what I'm getting at one of these
strategies we could use to reopen the
economy is to let very young people do
jobs that normally we wouldn't in other
words just give a lot more
responsibility to 16 volts 17 drills
let's say let's say this summer there
you know businesses that need to open up
but a lot of their employees are over
let's say 50 or 60 and it's not yet safe
to come back to work how many of those
jobs that are done by a 45 year old
let's say working on an assembly line
how many of those jobs could not be done
by a 16 or 17 year old who's just
filling in for the summer you know they
they wouldn't be doing the hard jobs but
you know the manual stuff worked a
forklift is there a 16 year old who
couldn't work a forklift yeah it
wouldn't be as good as the 35 year old
but I'll bet we could yeah about we
could get pretty far yeah would it would
it be the worst thing in the world if
the server at your restaurant is 14
not really I mean it's illegal for them
to serve alcohol and stuff so there's
some problems with that but you know in
the old days people that age were
stepping up all the time so there's at
least some possibility that we have a
resource that's underutilized that might
be you know part of the larger solution
to who knows story on CNN about some
people in the in the isolation are doing
what's called Corin teaming teaming as
an they form a little team of friends I
guess this is mostly single people and
they just live together because if
they're gonna be quarantined they don't
want to be quarantined alone so several
friends who already know they get along
just say I will just quarantine well
I'll just stay at your house now I
suppose they could go between homes as
long as they're the only ones who
associated with each other and I thought
not a bad idea
but this made me think of an idea that I
think is a bad idea
but I want to run it by you I want to
run it by you and it's based on the idea
that if you wanted to inexpensively and
quickly test to see how many people were
infected in an area one of the ways you
could do it is take all the blood
samples and just throw them into one
sample
and then test them say ten at a time
instead of one sample at a time because
most of the time depending on what
you're looking for most of the time
you'll get negatives on all ten tests
because you're looking for something
that isn't that common so it's a little
easier just say alright we'll throw them
all in a batch test all ten and then if
you find a hit you you've kept a little
of your sample left and they say Oh
which one of these ten but most of the
time you don't have to so most of the
time you just test the pool there's
nothing in it you say okay everybody we
put in the pool is cleared so taking
that concept and I think this doesn't
work but I'm having trouble thinking new
through so maybe you can help me could
we form clusters of quarantine to people
either around let's say around a
workplace and then if anybody in that
workplace gets it you know then maybe
they're already quarantined basically
it's a it's a quarantine cluster so that
if you have a cluster with nobody who
has it that whole cluster can interact
with each other and can't give it to
each other now if you've got leakage and
I think this is a hole in my problem
there's the hole in my idea if there's
any leakage then of course you know the
whole cluster can get infected but so
I'll just ask the question is there any
scenario in which you could just put
people in clusters keep them just in
clusters and then if one cluster gets a
hit then you you quarantine that person
or that cluster where you do your
testing on everybody else in the cluster
but just I'm just wondering if
mathematically there's any way that that
could give you some advantage Israelis
did the best testing somebody says one
family well we already do it with
families right so the families are
already a cluster so could you extend
the idea and say alright this family has
been quarantined really well and this
one's been quarantined really well and
these two get together or they get along
can these two have as much contact as
they want as long as they just keep it
to the two families
now again everything is imperfect and
there's always a leakage so of course
there would still be infection getting
through but could you slow it down and
it wouldn't be any advantage that just
just questions in other words let's put
it in concrete terms if somebody said
you can reopen this business but the
only way you can do it safely is if the
people who are the workers only interact
with other workers families in other
words you could you could see anybody
who's a family of the same with the same
business but then of course you've got
two workers and the family doesn't work
okay I think I talked myself out of it
China raised its death estefan by 50%
suddenly on Friday you know that joke
about the cats on the roof I think China
of course knows how much trouble they're
in with you know the international
community so they're trying to like just
slowly we'll just edge up that estimate
so it isn't as obviously ridiculous
let's just add it up a little bit then
the next week you know hey we found a
few more just edge it up a little bit so
that maybe they can try to try to close
the degree of that embarrassment that
will cost them essentially their
civilization so you can see them sort of
moving in that direction
all right now did I already talk about
this or did I think about it
you know one of the one of the hard
things about doing this much talking in
public is they sometimes you just can't
tell did I just talk about this or did I
think about it so much of the last 10
hours that I think I just talked about
so I actually don't know so we're gonna
talk about it again in my opinion if we
are to wait 12 to 18 months for a
vaccination first of all the vaccination
is not likely to be like a kill shot it
just takes a little edge off so the
vaccination is not like
to just sort of work and if you have the
vaccinations you're safe because it
doesn't really work that way with flu
type viruses even if this is not exactly
one of those so I don't think we have
reason to believe that a vaccine would
just you know make you safe I feel as a
vaccine would make some people safe
under some conditions which would be
typical to vaccines there are vaccines
that do work you know think things like
mumps and measles and chickenpox and
stuff those are more protecting
everybody but I don't see that happening
with the viruses the flus I don't see us
having vaccinations that just you know
wipe it out so given that waiting for
the vaccine is a bad strategy how would
you compare these two risks so risk one
is that we go back to work but
everybody's smart about it
so the people at greatest risk protect
themselves the most and we just do the
best we can but we go back to work what
is the risk of catastrophe under that
scenario and I'll say catastrophe is
that the outcome of that destroys let's
say the economy and a million lives so
you lose both your economy and a million
lives and maybe your health care too so
let's call that catastrophe and let's
compare that to staying close down as
long as possible which could be months
and months to get as close as we can to
the vaccination which probably is that
be-all-end-all
let's rank those two risks I'll give you
my opinion first my opinion is if we
play for the vaccination in other words
that's our big plays like hoping the
vaccination is just what we have to
stall as long as you can to get closer
to the vaccination I believe that would
be a hundred percent chance of global
economic meltdown now these are just
opinions because there's no way to
really model this stuff in a way anybody
would believe right it's just my feel of
things my experience etc doesn't mean is
right that's just where my head's at
is that if we wait for the vaccine it's
an it's an insured destruction if we
were to go back to work let's say
earlier than the experts want but we do
it as carefully as and as smartly as
possible we reconfigure things do
everything we can do I think the risk of
destruction let's say of catastrophe
where you lose your economy and you lose
a million people too and by the way in
both scenarios you're going to lose a
million people just one is slower so
you're gonna lose a million people
either way I think the risk of
catastrophe if we go back to work soon
is 50% that's my guess if we go back
soon which most people would consider
too soon I think there's a 50% chance of
total catastrophe yeah I think if we
play it for waiting as long as we can to
get close to a vaccination my feeling of
it is that's closer to 100% catastrophe
so the adult decision is to take the 50%
chance of catastrophe that's my opinion
all right now as you know the children
in the conversation will say dr. Oz or
Scott Adams you ghoul
I've actually been called a ghoul this
week several times you ghoul how could
you be so happy about all these deaths
well nobody's happy about it your goal
how can you say it's okay to go back to
work when you know it means more people
dying how would you feel if it were
somebody you knew these are all stupid
questions of children adults just have
to make the tough decision
just before I I signed on somebody on
Twitter challenged me this way in the
comments somebody sent Scott if you
personally had to decide which 300,000
people were going to die and it was on
you and you had to you had to personally
decide would you be okay with that Scott
would you o be okay if you have to
decide who
personally dies to which I said yes yes
I want if the assumption is is still the
best the best path they're all bad but
on one of the paths 300,000 people have
to die and somebody has to decide yes I
will do that I will unambiguously and
without hesitation decide which 300,000
people die now what I'm done
somebody's gonna kill me right away
right because I you know I will have
decided somebody dies so my life
expectancy would be about 10 minutes
after I made that decision but I would
still do it in a heartbeat
so I would be dead at the end of it but
I would have saved humanity by being the
adult in the room who said you know
there's no right answer here's here's
the best I can do I'm gonna be dead too
I'm gonna be just as dead as these three
hundred thousand people but I'm going to
do the best I can for those of you who
remain so that's the setup so yes yes I
take that job with no hesitation I take
that job and no hesitation somebody says
yes you first well how do I go first
until I've done the job now if you're
saying go first as in once I've decided
to the three hundred thousand are then
I'm immediately killed that's exactly
what I'm talking about
I would be immediately killed as soon as
I made the list and well before any of
those people were dead I'd be the first
one dad that would be guaranteed it's
you know if you get to decide well you
know unless you live with 100% security
forever of course you'd be dead and yes
and yes if I would be dead immediately
the first one of the 300,000 I take the
job with no hesitation no hesitation
it's that easy trade-off if you wouldn't
do that you're a ghoul I say a ghoul all
right
let's see what else we got here going
here who is who has done the modeling
between these two opinions I saw in the
comments somebody was reminding me to
talk about navall rava Kant's solution
well his proposition that he put in in a
tweet and looked like this if you just
send to work the people under 45 who
don't have health conditions or bad
health conditions if you just did that
you would end up with a death rate for
coronavirus that wouldn't be too
different than the normal flu death rate
so why not start today say if you're
under 45 and you don't have any health
condition go back to work everybody else
keep hiding you know stay out of the of
the trouble now of course the the young
people coming back would be bringing
some disease back to older people you
couldn't stop that but the older people
would have some control I mean you know
they could do a lot and we could
probably get better and better and
better at protecting them
you know however good you are on day one
you're gonna be a lot better at
protecting people in you know dating ID
right we get better at everything so
here's my question who is capable of or
who has done and who and would believe
it anyway
who has modelled those differences
scenarios let's call it the navall model
where everybody under 45 was healthy
just goes back to work today or soonish
you know you could argue that there's a
modified version of that if we're really
close to having an answer on you know
one of the therapeutics or we're really
close to knowing if convalescent plasmus
works you know if somehow we had a
vaccine that looks like we can have it
in a month you know if we have something
that really really could matter and if
you just wait a little bit longer you'll
know the answer well that would be an
argument for risk management saying well
let's at least wait for this stuff
that's only a few weeks can you just
wait for this stuff you can have that
conversation but generally speaking
let's just compare sending the healthy
under 45 s to work
ish today ish versus the current plan
which is all the governors are going to
decide and it's going to take months and
and whatever with that was saying that I
prefer one of those models over the
other who can tell me that we have
studied them right do you believe that
anybody's modeled those two things and
more importantly do you believe anybody
could do you believe anybody could model
the difference between those two things
because there's so many unknowns right
you don't really know how it's going to
turn out I would say it can't be modeled
in other words you could never reliably
know if the navall under 45 and healthy
plan goes to work now is the best one or
this patchwork governors decide every
situation is different
etc how do you know which one of those
is better here is my decision-making
process in the in the face of unknowns
so if you don't know which one's better
but you have two paths and they're very
different how do you decide without the
right information you still have to
decide you don't get you know you don't
get to not decide you have to decide and
you couldn't possibly have the right
information but you still have to decide
what do you do
number one you ask yourself which one
has a catastrophic downside it turns out
they both have a catastrophic downside
you sort of in different ways and it's
sort of hard to calculate so if you
can't tell which one has the best upside
and you can't tell one which one is the
most catastrophic but you can tell which
one opens the economy sooner that's it
right isn't that the end of this isn't
that the end of the analysis I would add
to that that you also have the option of
pulling back if it doesn't work right so
those are the things you would look to
given that there's great uncertainty two
paths you cannot tell you cannot model
which one is better
be done and if you cling to the
childlike fairytale that experts can
model the future you just shouldn't be
part of the conversation
it can't be modeled so if you have two
plans that can't be modeled one of them
keeps the economy closed to a potential
catastrophe one of them opens it up at
least partially right away and we could
pull back if we need to which of those
two plans make sense
don't ask dr. Phil he's that equipped
for this brilliant guy by the way I love
dr. Phil brilliant guy you know you
could criticize specific things he's
done and I have too but overall he's a
positive force successful smart guy
who's good for the world I don't mean to
mock dr. Phil he's he's far more good
than the negative but it is just the
fact as we observe him talking about
this topic he doesn't have he doesn't
have those analytical skills it's a
special kind of thing now let me put it
this way you've got a choice let's say
dr. foul she comes out I'll just give
you this example
dr. foul she comes out and says well he
did
he's obviously backing the president's
plan of the three phases and letting the
governors make individual decisions so
you've got a doctor foul she says this
is the way to go but it can't be modeled
to how it turns out what can't be and
let's say you've got a navall Rafa Conte
who has a different skill set brilliant
guy was succeeded in lots of different
fields and specifically has shown
success over and over again on being
able to integrate lots of different
highly technical opinions and
possibilities into businesses because
he's done just that both in his
investments and in building up his own
company and companies so or let me give
you another example if you're not as
familiar with navall let's replace that
with Elon Musk let's say I don't know if
this is the case but let's say you let
musk agreed with navall and said yeah
this is a plan that would do
and doctor foul she says no I would do
it this way which one which one would
you prefer given that it can't be known
you just can't know you have to pack but
you can't oh there's a good answer
there's a good answer somebody in the
comments just said one word freedom that
is a good analysis if you can't tell the
difference which one is good you pick
freedom now the kicker to it is that the
freedom option also gives you a little
bit ability to pull back you know if you
wait a year it's just gonna be too good
too late
you know there might not be anything
left if you wait a year but if you start
now and say all right so let's send
these young people back to work let's
see what happens hospitals start get to
get impacted you pull back a little bit
make an adjustment but let me just say
this if you would pick doctor foul Chi's
recommendation over an Elon Musk or an
eval Rafa Conte I'll throw a Mark Cuban
in there if you would pick if you would
pick doctor foul cheese recommendation
over whatever Mark Cuban comes up with
are you good with that are you good with
that I'll tell you if it comes down if
we get to a point where Mark Cuban is
saying look this is the way to go and
foul she is saying now look this is the
way to go whose side are you gonna be on
for me it's a slam dunk because I I know
Mark Cuban is going to listen to the I'm
just using him as a stand-in as a
rational player all right and you know
Mark Cuban is gonna listen to all the
medical advice and risk and reward but
he's also going to have the bigger
context and he's he's a more skilled
decision maker I would say I would say
that any of the people I mentioned who
are not doctor pouchy are our
world-class proven decision-makers in
the context of not having all the
information there you go
right um and there are some people who
would still go with dr. Pham Chi I would
argue that anybody who has that opinion
probably doesn't have a great breadth of
experience you could be brilliant and
nice so it's not an insult I'm just
saying that people with a breadth of
experience are far more likely to say
yeah I'm gonna go with you know you'll
honor navall or or Mark Cuban because
you know they've integrated all all the
risk management into the decision you
can't be so sure about a doctor let me
give you a little insight when I was
when I was a banker I was a lending
officer for a while and I was in
headquarters I had to approve loans from
the lenders in the field so I was I was
allegedly an expert and they would there
was suddenly their loan applications
from the the branches and I specialized
in professionals meaning in this case
doctors doctors and dentists and stuff
would you say that doctors are good
credit risks probably you would write
because the doctor has almost a
guaranteed good income and they're very
smart so if you've got somebody who's
very smart and they have a guaranteed
high income that's a pretty good credit
risk right to give them a loan to play
start a practice doesn't work out that
way it turns out that doctors are bad at
credit risks as a group because they
tend to be real good at the doctoring
stuff and they tend to be almost
childlike at the economic stuff it's
it's such a pattern consistent pattern
and of course it's not true of every
doctor right you know I'm just saying as
a generality that that my bank where I
worked we actually had them segmented in
their own class for special evaluation
by me you know I was one of the two
people who evaluated their loans and the
and the filter that we were put on it is
okay if this were anybody else this
would look like a good loan but it's a
doctor so it's not
you would automatically say sorry
doctors are just not as good alone now
one of the things we would do for
dentist in particular is we would
require them to have insurance against
suicide and no I actually you can't get
insurance against suicide so we had we
would calculate the suicide risk with
dentists but you wouldn't calculate that
risk when he made a loan to somebody
who's just a business person in general
because business people in general will
have some risk of suicide but dentists
have an unusually high one or at least
that used to be the case so anyway the
point is that in my experience which
actually is is pretty extensive in which
I've seen doctors operate outside their
domain so I've seen doctors do doctor
stuff and they're great at it you know
general but I've also seen them try to
navigate economics and business and it
doesn't work out and it's very it's very
consistent so I'd rather have a a
brilliant engineer take the input from a
doctor and then integrated into a larger
decision then I would like to see a
doctor try to understand what the
engineer is saying and have the doctor
integrate that into a larger decision
that's probably a the wrong way to go
how much how much do we know about kind
of lesson blood plasma treatment
apparently there are a number of trials
I think what is approved and a number of
them are submitted for approval but how
long does it take to do that how long
does it take to do a convalescent blood
plasma trial
because are we really worried about are
we worried about side-effects
so here's here's my question to any
experts who may be on your if there's
any doctors watching this is there would
you do the same kind of trial with blood
plasma so this is the taking the
antibodies out of the blood if people
have already had it and recovered if
you're putting that into somebody else
do we
already know from enough work in that
kind of area do we already know that
there's no special risk do we know that
because if we know that so that's the
question for the experts if we know
there's no special health risk of trying
it then the only thing we need to know
is if it's working and and given that
the entire virus only lasts you know two
weeks from the moment you start the
trial
shouldn't it be only two weeks before
you know you have something and it all
depends on that question of do you also
have to monitor it for a longer period
to find out if there are any weird side
effects or interactions you know about
so that's my question to the experts
is there any medical risk there's always
some but is there a medical risk that's
big enough that you would even care to
test it is it is it beyond even worrying
about testing it I don't know yeah so
let's get an answer to that because it
does seem to me that the blood plasma
thing might be one of the good wildcards
that could be ramped up but given given
the uncertainty of whether there is even
any such thing as you know what would
you call it immunity I guess I'm not
smart enough to finish this sentence so
somebody needs to help me if if somebody
gets the blood plasma treatment so
they've got some antibodies there's some
suspicion that antibodies don't protect
you because people who have antibodies
are in fact getting reinfected we don't
know what rate or if those are special
conditions yet but it's certainly a big
big big big big red flag that you know
lots of people lots meaning over dozens
at this point have been identified as
definitely getting the virus again but
one must ask yourself did the people who
got infected the second time have a bad
problem or did they simply become
carriers we don't know that do we so the
people who got reinfected
did any of them end up in the ICU or did
all of them say well I barely audit even
know I had it my antibodies were so good
I got reinfected and sure I got a little
reinfection in there but that'll be gone
in a week because my antibodies are all
charged up we don't know the answer to
that so therefore we cannot guess
whether the that treatment will have a
big impact or not all right did you see
that
so Mike Mike sorowitsch has been
tweeting about Amazon kicked his
documentary hoaxed off of Amazon's
platform and since that happened
I believe he's still on iTunes I think
that's where you can get it but you
could google it and find it it's called
a hoaxed I'm in it and apparently it has
risen to become the second best-selling
documentary here's the good part it's
the second part of the sentence that's
the fun part
Mike's Irma bitch's documentary host is
now the second best-selling documentary
of all time of all time it says it's the
second best-selling documentary of all
time and and Amazon kicked it off its
platform now that probably helped right
because it helped him get a little
publicity obviously Mike knows how to
navigate publicity better than you know
most people in the world and so he's
capitalized on that too to crank it up
to the number two best-selling
documentary of all time
now what does this tell you what does
this tell you well first thing it tells
you is that the number of people who
watch documentaries in general is
probably not a gigantic number right the
the the biggest documentary is going to
be small compared to a movie it also
tells me that he's in striking distance
for a number what
and if I can ask you one favor I don't
usually ask you favors right so this is
a favor it's not a recommendation it's
just a favor by the goodbye it because
let's say if we had pushing it into
number one so my my experience has been
there being the second best all-time of
something is terrific for you know
bragging rights and you can make more
money you know that but the difference
between me being number two and being
number one it's a galaxy of difference
now I I learned that when I had a book
my first number one best-selling book
thus added number two for weeks and
didn't really make much of a ripple in
the universe the day it went to number
one the the heavens opened and my whole
life changed so going from two to one in
any category like this is not just one
unit it's the difference between the
heavens open and the heavens don't
now given that Amazon kick this off
their platform and they did it without
offering even a reason and it's a good
thing they didn't offer a reason because
it wasn't one I mean I've seen it lots
of people have seen it obviously it's
the number two best-selling documentary
of all time so a lot of people have seen
it how many of the people have seen it
would say there's something in there
that should cause anybody anybody of any
type to think you should not be viewed
by the public there's nothing in there
there's nothing in it that he that even
comes close to crossing the line there's
no line that gets crossed and I'm not
even I'm not being generous there's just
nothing in there that should be
considered controversial at all somebody
says how to buy I think it's on iTunes
but if you google it or just you could
just ask Mike or just go to his I'm sure
if you went to his Twitter feed or his
webpage there must be links so here's
one ask of you and it's a favor this is
just a favor if you got a few extra
bucks see if you can push it up to
number one because I
like just putting a thumb in Amazon's
eye over this it's got to be worth a few
bucks
right you know be part of something push
it up to number one and and as many of
you have heard my review of it it is
exceptional I mean there's a reason it's
the number two documentary it's
exceptional it really is special and if
you watch it I'll give you this watching
advice you have to watch it all the way
through and you have to do it in one
sitting because it's it's designed so
cleverly as a full experience you know
you don't want to watch 10 minutes and
come back and do the rest etc you want
to watch it as one entity with one
sitting it'll just blow the top of your
head off so go do that see if you can
push it up to number one all right
that's about all I have to say except I
would like to change the word where do
we talk about minimizing infections I
would like to change that word to
managing because I don't know somebody
saying you can rent it on Google Play
for 399 so I don't know but that's what
somebody says in the comments I would
like to say that we should manage the
infection not minimize it because
minimize it minimize it tells you to
keep the economy closed forever managing
it tells you that there's a balance and
words matter because our brains get
tuned by their choice of words so just
it seems like a small thing but I don't
know if it is it might be a bigger thing
than you think if every time we think
about infections we replace the word
minimized with managed it gets our
mindset closer to understanding that
there's a balance and that the number of
people who die can can be on either side
of that seesaw all right there's a new
model from the University of Washington
saying sixty-eight thousand deaths but a
little confused because at one point we
had 60,000 was that a different model
and
there's some thought that it would come
down to even even less and we'll see all
right I think that's all I got for today
thank you thank you to those of you who
are doing that I can't think of anything
that would make me happier you know in a
small way then to see Amazon kick that
off the platform and it becomes the
number one best-selling documentary of
all time I mean anything short of that
is it's just not going to be pleasing to
the simulation the simulation requires
us to be number one you know it does you
know it does
you know the simulation requires that
movie hoaxed to be number one it just
because it's too perfect alright number
two you just suggests where it's heading
but number one the simulation requires
it all right it's called hoaxed go take
a look
somebody says hoax just became number
one on iTunes
I think that's number one for current
sales which you should be but if it
stays number one on current sales it
won't be long before it's number one of
all time let's see if we make that
happen all right I'll talk to you
tonight you know