Because the news is serving up the good
stuff today. That's all it takes. It's
nothing to do with my
performance. It's everything to do with
the news
itself. All right.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization and
maybe robots
too. But if you think you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains. All you need for
that is a cup or a mug or a glass of
tanker gels tine a canteen jug or flask
a vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day. The thing
that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip. And damn
it, it's going to happen right now.
Go. Oh, that's good stuff.
So
good. Well, I wonder if there's any new
news about the benefits of coffee. Oh,
yeah, there is. From the European
Journal of Who Cares, uh, habitual
coffee consumption is associated with a
lower odds of frailty later in life. How
many of you are frail because you didn't
have enough coffee?
Well, sometimes it takes two cups before
you're no longer
frail. Um, but in other news, according
to ZME Science, did you know that magic
mushrooms, the use is soaring in the
United States, apparently in every age
group, uh, people are using magic
mushrooms to cure their mental problems
and maybe just have a good time and get
rid of their anxiety and their
depression. And it's all working. And it
makes me
wonder, what if they made magic mushroom
coffee?
Huh? You hear me? How would you like to
sip your coffee, become less frail, and
at the same time cure your depression
and all your mental problems while
having a good time?
I can't think of a better day. So,
someday praying. Please give me coffee
with mushrooms in them. Please don't try
to make your own at
home. All right. Importantly, there will
be a spaceless event after this podcast
with Owen Gregorian hosting. You can
find that on the X platform. Uh just go
to Owen Gregorian's
um account. you'll find the uh you'll
find the link or you could go to mine
because I reposted it. So, spaces after
the show if you'd like to get a little
extra and who doesn't want extra? You
all want extra? Come
on. Well, here's another story about
batteries that I like. according to
wired. Um, did you know that the grid
scale batteries, the gigantic batteries
that they put in the network itself to
store electricity when when there is
electricity, so it's available when
there's not. Um, apparently the cost of
that has dropped like crazy. And so with
the costs going down, um the number of
batteries being added to the network is
going crazy. So that's one of those
really big stories that doesn't have a
there's no moment when it becomes a
story because it's just a thing that's
happening over time. But it's one of the
biggest things because if we had
batteries everywhere in our
network, we would basically never lose
electricity and we'd be able to have,
you know, a lot more solar, if you like
solar, um, and other stuff. So, that's
good news. According to the Daily Mail,
uh some people believe that they've
discovered a giant underwater UFO base
uh just off the West Coast off of
Malibu. Now, if I were going to build a
gigantic underwater UFO base, that's
where I put it. I put it just off of
Malibu.
But apparently it's a big structure that
you can see that's got a flat
top and it's hard to understand how
underwater there would be a gigantic
flat top to anything. So maybe and
apparently it's associated with a lot of
UFO
spottings. So they think yes. And uh I
guess it's called Sycamore Null and that
it's a natural underwater structure.
Some say it's natural, but some say it's
a garage for
UFOs. Doesn't it feel like they could
just go down there and look at it? Is it
really impossible
to send some divers down off the coast
of Malibu?
It feels like it wouldn't be the hardest
thing in the world to check out, but I'd
rather they don't check it out because I
like to think that there's a gigantic
UFO base just off my coast.
Well, I saw a post by Mike Cernovich who
says that uh I guess he's spent enough
time in DC recently and he says that DC
has been cleaned up and somewhat quickly
since the beginning of the Trump
administration. He says uh DC is so
clean now, looks like it's supposed to.
Uh it looks like civilization. Trump and
his acting DC US attorney Ed Martin have
already transformed it almost completely
overnight. So that would be another
situation where you just needed somebody
to try is there's no way to solve our
southern border. Well, how about
somebody tries? Oh, it worked. There's
no way to clean up DC. How about if
Trump
tries? And
success. So, I guess it took a
nondemocrat force to get DC cleaned up.
That's good
news. Um, the Department of Justice,
this is according to the postmillennial,
there's reporting on this, the
Department of Justice has decided to
stop funding for research. Uh, and I
know this will disappoint you, but there
won't be any more Department of Justice
research on quote toxic masculinity or
structural
racism. Now, that's kind of a problem
for somebody like me because if they're
not doing any more research on toxic
masculinity or structural
racism, how will I know how bad I am? I
I would just be guessing. I'd be like,
"Huh? Well, I I think my toxic
masculinity is probably an eight out of
10. So, I'm kind of an and and
my structural racism is well through the
roof.
So, but I'd just be guessing. Um I like
the old way where they would do deep
research so I would know just exactly
how bad I am. But I guess guessing is
all we have left now.
You you might remember the story of uh
recently James O'Keeffe and his OMG
group got a got a secret video
recording of a uh Pentagon um branch
chief who was saying that he was going
to try as hard as possible to
resist doing anything that Trump wanted.
So he was a basically a Trump resistor
who was sort of on the Trump payroll in
in the sense that it's the Trump
administration.
And as soon as I saw that video, I said
to myself, how long is he going to be
employed? Can can you actually say out
loud that you're going to resist what
your boss wants and stay employed? Well,
the answer is he's already out.
Um, so I don't know if he showed himself
the door or somebody else did, but he's
gone. He's
gone. So, you know, the uh issue about
uh members of Congress who are allowed
to do insider trading, and apparently
some of them are making some good money
on it, but it's specifically legal, but
only for members of Congress.
So, uh, Trump has just announced that he
he would sign a ban if anybody, you
know, gave him that legislation. He
would sign a ban on congressional stock
trading. Now, let me see. Does that fall
into Trump's usual
model? Yes. Do you think that 80% of the
country would agree with Trump that they
should not have the ability to do
insider trading?
Yes. Do you think that
20% would be batshit crazy and they'd be
in favor of Congress doing insider
trading? Of course. So, what side do you
think um Democrats will
take? I swear to God, this just gets
funnier and funnier, this 2080 stuff.
So, I assume, I haven't heard yet, but
one assumes that Hakee Jeff and AOC and
uh Bernie Sanders will go all in saying
that uh Congress should be able to do
insider trading. Do you know what would
end insider trading
forever? If Democrats just start doing
it
wildly. Now, that would be funny. Can
you imagine if there's some new issue, I
don't know, with war or solving war,
tariffs or something where all the
members of Congress know the new news,
but just to be just to be funny, the
Republicans massively invest in
it and then they they make a
fortune and then they say, "Hey, you
know what? This insider trading is
pretty good. We're going to do some
more." And then the next time something
comes up, the Republicans just go all
in. Like they just go in hard and they
make another like billion
dollars and then all the Democrats look
at him and go, "Hey, hey, you can't do
that." And they'd be like, "Can't we?
Uh, I'm pretty sure that you're in favor
of this. I I believe that you were
protesting in favor of allowing this
exact thing. So why don't you go protest
for my right to keep doing this? All it
would take is for Republicans to be
making more money from it than Democrats
and it would get banned. That's all it
would
take. Well, I just found out that Las
Vegas
um will soon be testing another
autonomous vehicle cab. Uh, apparently
there's a company that's backed by Jeff
Bezos and some other investors called
Zuks Zoom X. And I guess they've got a
self-driving cab that they plan to be
testing in Las Vegas very
soon. Now, I don't know how many uh
self-driving cab companies there will
be, but boy, I'd be really worried if I
were Uber. Do you think Uber is going to
have to buy one of them? You know, maybe
Uber will have to make an offer for
Whimo or Zuks or something? I don't
know. But, uh, Uber's got some problems
ahead.
Speaking of automobiles and speaking of
Jeff Bezos,
um there's a lot of publicity today for
a truck, an electric truck that's uh
also being backed by a Jeff Bezos um
startup. And this little truck um comes
with just only the basics so that they
can price it at about
$20,000. So, it's just a two-seater
truck. It's not very big. It's more like
a toy Toyota. And the windows are just
handc cranked and there's no
entertainment system, but you could add
it. So, it's it's being made like I
think they called it a Mr. Potato Head.
So, you can get the basic and it'd be
like $20,000, which would be amazing.
Um, but then you could add a stereo if
you wanted and you could add a a video
screen if you want.
And you could add some other stuff. Now,
here's the thing, though. I looked at
the pictures of it and it totally
activated my lizard
brain. You know, if you're male, and
maybe this applies to some women as
well. Yeah. The company is called Slate.
When I looked at the
truck, uh, I just had this feeling in my
body and it was
like, I just want it. I want it like
really badly. Now, if you're male,
you've probably often had the, you know,
the experience of seeing a truck and
saying, "Oh, I wouldn't mind owning that
truck. We It's just a male thing. We
like tools. We like trucks."
And there's a a neighbor in my
neighborhood that whenever I would walk
past his his property, he would always
have a a a two-seater truck um that had
only the basics. It looked like parked
in front of his house, and it was just
gray. It was just really basic. And I
would always say to myself, that is
exactly what I want because I don't want
to spend $100,000 on a truck that I
would barely use. But if I had a $20,000
truck, I would be making, you know, runs
to the, you know, the the landfill to
throw things away. And I'd let people
borrow it, and I'd throw my ebike in the
back, and like I I could think of all
kinds of reasons if I had an extra
vehicle, but I wouldn't buy, you know,
an
$80,000 extra vehicle, you know, just my
brain couldn't process that. but at
20,000
20,000 you know if you had room to park
it. So I guess what impressed me about
it was that somehow they'd built this
thing so its look, its price and its
features just hit my lizard brain
perfectly. And I'd be so curious how
many other people had the same
experience. It made me just go, "Ah, I
want
[Laughter]
that." So, we'll see where that goes.
Speaking of automobiles,
uh, famous investor TV guy James Kramer
recently said, uh, I'm putting my chips
on Elon Musk. Now, here here he's
talking about, um, driverless cars. He
goes, I don't think Whimo scales the way
people think.
Um, and what did what did Elon Musk do
when he heard that one of the most
famous investors in the world was going
to back his uh product? Well, uh, he
said uh, he needs
to so Elon post X that the inverse
Kramer is tough karma to overcome.
meaning that if Kramer says something's
good, there's sort of a running joke
that he's always wrong. So, so Elon is
worried because Kramer just said that
his his product is the good one. He's
like, "Oh my god, the inverse Kramer is
tough karma to overcome." And then and
then Elon says in the post, I'm calling
weekend reviews with autopilot to
accelerate progress.
Not only does he call him out for always
being wrong, but he tells him he's going
to have to like double down on his
efforts to try to overcome the Kramer
curse. Now, that's just
funny. That's just funny. Uh I do think
Musk is underappreciated for how funny
he is.
I saw a uh and I posted this um on X,
but I saw a long opinion piece by Dr.
Insensitive Jerk who's a a real life
economist who was anonymous and uh he
was making a point that you can you can
see in its fullness. It's better
expressed the way he wrote it. But I'll
give you the summary. The the summary is
that AI will eventually destroy other
sources of information.
Because right now AI is able to read,
you might say illegally in some cases,
everything that's out
there. So if you were going to look for
some
information, how long will it be before
you say to yourself, well, I'm not going
to go to Wikipedia or I'm not going to
go to, you know, this source where I
think that information will be. I'll
just ask AI because AI has read
everything. So once AI can answer every
question about anything that's anywhere,
which we're right on the verge of that
being the case, why would those other
sources continue to exist? Cuz who would
spend their time uh updating them or
visiting them? So the the business model
of normal sources of information should
all disappear and then what happens
because the AI depends on all those
other
sources that it's you know continually
scanning to stay update. What happens
then is the AI going to have to just use
itself as its own source of
information. So that's a pretty big
question, but it reminded me of a
question that I had because I I do this,
you know, this podcasting and I talk
about the
news. Have you noticed that podcasting
and posting on X has largely replaced
your habit of looking at the real news,
the traditional news? When was the last
time you you said to yourself, "I think
I've got to go look at CBS
News or I think I'll go to the AP or
Reuters website and see what's new."
When was the last time you did
that? And I'm thinking to myself, you
know, CNN's traffic and MSNBC's traffic
are all going
down. At what point do the podcasters
put in a business? the thing that all
the podcasters need to stay in
business. So, in other words, uh, a lot
of people say to me, um, the only place
I hear news is on your podcast. I don't
know how many people are in that
category, but it used to be true for
John Stewart when he did the Daily Show.
Young people would say, "It's the only
place I get my news." Um, other people
might go to Bill Maher's show and say,
"Yeah, you know, I don't really pay
attention to the news, but he catches me
up on all the important
stuff." It's okay when you've got this
big robust news
industry and only a few people who are,
you know, well known talking about it.
So if if you've just got your Bill Mars
and your John Stewarts and Joe Rogan
talking about the news, you're fine. But
what happens when all the
podcasters are just talking about the
news and then you say to yourself, as
I've said to
myself fairly recently, why would I ever
go to a news site? because I just go to
Axe and I I go to, you know, Mario
Knoff's account and every single morning
he's got a summary that he's picked from
all the news sources and the summary is
usually all I care about. It's like, oh,
Trump thinks he's close to a peace deal.
Oh, there's this new invention.
And it seems to me that we're on a path
where all the original
reporting will
disappear because there won't be anybody
going to look at it directly. They'll
only be seeing it through somebody who
essentially borrowed it for their own
content like I
do. So what happens then? I I don't
think we thought this through because
we're and that would include me.
Um I'm in a a completely self
emulating
activity. You know, the the more people
watch something like this podcast to
figure out what's new in the world and
to try to understand it, the less
they're going to watch the things that I
use as my source of what to talk about.
So, isn't the whole thing going to fall
apart? It probably won't. You know,
there'll be adjustments, etc. But, uh,
makes me wonder.
Well, uh, you probably heard that, uh,
Susan Rice, um,
Obama's right-hand woman for years, was
on this, uh, committee, this, uh,
defense DoD advisory committee, and we
couldn't understand why that would even
exist. So, she didn't have authority to
make decisions, but it gave her access
to all the Department of Defense,
Pentagon people to uh push her opinions.
And once we realized that that existed,
which surprised me? I was, who knew that
even existed, that advisory committee.
But, uh, I guess Pagath just uh got rid
of that committee. So, didn't just get
rid of the people, he just got rid of
the committee. And that sounds right.
That that feels like the right
decision. Well, let's check in on all
the racists. Starting with
Harvard. Um I saw a post on X from Aaron
Sabarium here. Perfect example. You
know, I'm not looking at the original
news. I'm looking at the ex post about
the original news. Uh but apparently the
Harvard Law Review
uh has put in writing, so this is in
writing. This is not guessing or reading
between the lines. They say it directly,
they've made DEI the the first priority
of their admissions process, the process
of deciding what articles to run in the
Harvard Law Review. So, and they say
they uh routinely kill or advance pieces
based on the author's
race. And they look for articles that
are are have racially diverse
citations.
Um, and it's in
writing recently. So, it's not like
something that, you know, was in writing
a long time ago, but they changed it.
This is their
current their current method of deciding
what to publish is based on your
race. Now, this is
mind-boggling. So, everything that you
imagine about Harvard being a racist
entity, it's apparently 100% true. So,
they they want they very much wanted
their hiring to be race-based. They want
their admissions to be racebased.
And even who gets to publish in the
Harvard Law Review, they say directly
they want it to be
race-based. So that's super racist. Um I
don't know if Harvard will ever recover
from this. It It's pretty bad. It's
pretty bad.
Um, according to Chuck Ross, who's
writing for the Washington Free Beacon,
there's a uh there's a group called the
uh the National Black Justice
Coalition and uh they get money from big
companies like Proctor and Gamble and
stuff and I guess uh their mission would
be to make
things more equitable racewise. So, how
are they doing? Um, let's
see. So, I guess their leader is David
John's who his his past was he worked
for uh Obama's White House initiative on
educational excellence for
African-Americans. And he was talking at
a recent event for this uh organization
because they're they're pushing a
boycott against Target because Target
rolled back its DEI. So, they want
people to stop sharp shopping there.
Here are some of the things that uh this
gentleman
said. Um he lashed out this week. Again,
this is Chuck Ross, the Washington Free
Beacon. He lashed out this week against
what he called white
mediocrity and urged a quote woke army
of black youth to wage war with
whiteness. That doesn't sound
good. that uh so Proctor and Gamble is
funding that and some other big
companies. Well, thanks a lot Proctor
and Gamble.
Um and then he endorsed a boycott
against
Target and he said Trump was a fascist
trying to rob us of our
wealth. What
wealth? I'm not sure what wealth wealth
is going to rob there.
And then he urged black consumers to
shop at blackowned
businesses and and to reclaim African
way of
being. Okay, good luck with that. Um,
but here's my favorite part. This is
something that John's actually said in
public. Quote, "We don't need nothing
from white people. We don't need nothing
from white people. They can't even make
potato salad." Oh, that's too
far. Oh. Oh, now you've gone too far.
Really? You're going to throw down on
potato salad? Well, I think we should
have a potato salad off. Let's see who
can make better potato salad. Black
Americans or white Americans, Hispanic
or
Asian-Americans? Because I
think this is where we should draw the
line. Oh, you can say white mediocrity
if you like. You can say that you're
forming an army of African-American
young people to take back your wealth.
Okay, that's just freedom of speech. But
when you go after our potato salad, you
bastards. You
bastards. It's time to throw down. So, I
think we need to have a potato salad off
and solve this once and for all.
I'm not so confident that white people
will win, but it would be
funny. It would be funny to have a
potato salad
off.
Anyway, so as you know, Harvard is
racist and this organization is super
racist. Um, but at least AI is not
racist. Am I right? Thank goodness if
you asked AI a question, you're not
going to get some kind of racist
response from AI. Oh, wait. According to
the rabbit hole account on X, uh, who
asked the following question, is
affirmative action racist? Uh, Chat GPT
said, "No, affirmative action is not
racist." And Grock said, "Oh, yeah, it's
totally racist.
So, I think I just decided which AI I'm
going to use. I think I'm going to
cancel my chat GPT right away cuz it's
racist. And this is a pretty clear
example. I if if there's an AI that says
that affirmative action is not
racist, what else is it going to tell me
that's
Now, even the people who were in favor
of affirmative action, and there was a
time when I was in favor of it when, you
know, 40 years ago, I thought, well,
it's bad for me. It's bad for white
people, but, you know, maybe we need to
level up a little bit. You know, not
forever. So, it's the forever part that
I object to completely at this point.
It's like, come on, you added several
decades. Maybe that's enough.
Um, but even if you're in favor of
affirmative
action, it's racist by definition. The
entire point of it is to change the
outcomes from one race to another. You
can't get more racist than overtly
saying race matters and we're going to
change the outcomes of race. That's
that's the ultimate. So, Grock got that
correct.
and uh chat
GPT apparently is a racist and a liar.
So that's not
good. Well, in weird but tragic news, uh
Epstein victim Virginia Jeffrey
uh died of suicide yesterday.
Now, because this is mostly just a
tragedy story,
um I don't really want to play with the,
oh, she did a suicide and Epstein did a
suicide, so we're not sure if it's
really suicide. Was it really something
else? I Let's just let the family
alone. So, the family's got a tough
time. So, I'm just going to let the
family deal with this. And I don't think
this is part of a bigger conversation.
It's just a tragedy from top to bottom.
Uh and it just got worse. She had
apparently been in a bad um some kind of
auto accident and wasn't sure she would
recover. Maybe that's part of it. Maybe
it isn't. But it's not really our
business. This is the family's business
and uh let's keep it that way.
Um, Al Gore was on Bill Maher's show
last night and he was talking about his
own efforts uh back in his
administration with Clinton to reinvent
the government. That's what it was
called, reinventing government. And he
bragged how he used a scalpel, not a
chainsaw, and they they uh carved away
for seven years and that they were
successful. they they downsized the
number of government employees, but uh
he was he was bragging that they cut the
fat and not the bone. And so he thinks
that uh maybe Doge was a little too
aggressive, too fast, cut too deep, and
he's not even sure they're going to save
any money because even where they cut
things, they may have to add them back.
So he he was negative on Doge but was uh
talking about the good work that he did.
Now I may have told you this before but
since he was on Bill Maher I'll remind
you.
Uh during the Clinton administration the
Dilbert comic was gigantically popular.
So that was sort of the peak of its
popularity.
And Gore actually had a Dilbert comic in
his office because it it mentioned he
mentioned Al Gore. And so he liked
Dilbert and he invited me um he invited
me into his office one day because I
happened to be in Washington and other
business and he invited me in and asked
me if I wanted to help him uh use the
Dilbert comic to explain how well they
were doing with their reinventing
government. Now, at the time, I was
smart enough to say, "Oh, I can't do
that." Because it will look like
Dilbert's taking sides, and uh I was
taking the the Michael Jordan approach
that Republicans buy shoes, too. So, I
didn't want to I didn't want to get
political with the comic, so I said no.
Uh but I also advised them against using
humor because it makes it look
non-serious. I I usually advise
corporations not to use too much humor,
you know, unless it's like a TV
commercial, that can work, but I
wouldn't do it as part of your normal
communication. Uh, if you're trying to
communicate something serious, it just
it's the wrong vibe. But I did hook them
up with the best expert I knew on how to
simplify and have good communication,
which they used. So, so I was a a
helpful member of the effort to at least
communicate what they did. That's all.
That was my only part. And I just hooked
them up with somebody who was good at
it. So, that was my little
uh brush with that in those days. And I
was fully in favor of it, by the way. I
thought it was a good effort and
probably I think he should be proud of
it. I think that he got some good stuff
done.
Um well, Bill Maher um also talking to
uh Gore said, quote, "The issue to me
that is a central issue of our time is
the peaceful transfer of power." Now,
I've heard him say that before and I've
heard a lot of other people say, "Yeah,
you know, maybe maybe Trump is doing
some things that you like. Yeah, maybe
he's got that 8020 thing. Yeah, he
closed the border, blah blah blah." But
you know the real thing the the thing
which makes him completely unacceptable
as a president is that he was not in
favor of the peaceful transfer of
power. Now of course that's a
narrative. The narrative that I
understand is that there was a peaceful
transfer of power and that there was
really no chance that a bunch of people
wandering through the capital could
actually change the transfer of power.
So to me it's a it's just fake news.
There was violence.
there was, you know, maybe an effort to
delay, but it was so small, you know,
relative to what it would take to
overcome a country, you know, change the
government and don't have a peaceful
transfer of power. It was such a small,
even though there was
violence, you know, the the total scale
of it was so small that it was a a
peaceful transfer of power. But separate
from
that, I propose that we find out if 2020
was rigged or
not. And I've got a method to do
that. Wouldn't you like to
know? Well, you've probably all seen the
graph of how many Democrats voted in all
our recent presidential elections. And
you might be aware that it was always
somewhere in the same level except for
one election. There was one election
where it was way out of line. It was
just way higher than normal. And then
you say to yourself, but that's because
Trump was running. You know, when
Trump's running, those Democrats are
really going to come
out.
Except they didn't come out in 2024.
So, how do you explain that it was Trump
who is now the worst Trump ever
according to Democrats because he had
according to them had denied a peaceful
transfer of power even though of course
it happened exactly on time.
So, how could it be that 2020 was a
gigantic
turnout because they needed to defeat
Trump, but they didn't show up when
Trump was even worse in
2024. Here's how to find out if those
votes were real. Do a poll. So, you do a
poll. Maybe you have a a few different
polling companies, but you say just
randomly ask people which elections did
you vote in? Did you vote in
2016? Did you vote in 2020? Did you vote
in
2024? What do you think you'd
get? I'm just
guessing, but I'll bet you would not
learn that a lot more people voted in
2020.
yet that was our
result. Do you think it would be
possible to have
multiple national largecale
polls that showed that people did not do
any extra voting in 2020 that it was
kind of always in that 65 million or so
range for all those years? Do you think
we wouldn't be able to easily spot that
2020 was
fake? If it
was if it was now, if the polling showed
that, yeah, we we voted in 2020 and it's
the only time we voted and and millions
of people. If the polling showed me that
10 I what is it 15 million people or
some large number of extra voters beyond
the baseline.
If the polling showed that there were in
fact a whole bunch of extra voters who
said they were extra voters and they did
vote in 2020, then I would say, "Well,
maybe I should shut the
up because that's actually pretty
persuasive. But what if you do two or
three of those major polls with the most
respected polling companies and you
really do it big and you make sure
they're wellunded so nobody's
complaining about anything and then you
compare three of them. You know, they
wouldn't work
together. So you'd have maybe Rasmusen
because, you know, they they tend to be
a little friendlier to the Republican
side of things. You'd make sure you
have, you know, maybe two
pollsters that tend to lean right, at
least in terms of people's opinion, even
if not in
reality. You give me three major polls
and I will take that as
true. Do you think we couldn't find out
with polling? Does anybody think that
wouldn't
work? It would
work. It would absolutely work. You
couldn't do it if it's just Rasmmanson
because then it would turn into well why
would we trust Rasmuson blah blah blah.
You you have to do it with a few polling
companies that both sides have some
problems with but have been doing it for
a long time and have the they have the
weight to actually be able to do it. Yes
or no? Let's throw down. I say let's
find out. Let's find out if that if
those votes were real. And and I'll say
it again, if it turns out that all of
the polls that check it find out that
yeah, indeed there were major more
voters in 2020. If that turns out to be
true based on
polling, I'll shut up about it
forever. I'll never even allege that
maybe there was some problems with 2020.
I'll be completely
happy. But why don't we
check? Let's find out for
sure. Yeah. Now, how many of you are
thinking to yourself, "Wait a minute. Is
it really that
easy?" I think it is. Well, it wouldn't
be easy because it'd be pretty major
effort, but it would be well within the
normal things that polling companies do.
So, why
not? Who's up for the Who's up for a
challenge? Who's up for finding out if
we've been um gas lit for
years? Does anybody want to know the
truth? Pretty sure we can find out the
truth. That's my
suggestion. Well, as you know, nobody is
above the law.
uh which turned out to be uh we've got a
little test case. So I forget the
details cuz it doesn't matter but there
was a judge who had a illegal immigrant
in the courthouse and I guess ICE was
waiting to you know arrest the illegal
immigrant when the court was done. Uh
but the judge suggested allegedly
uh suggested that the uh illegal
immigrant use a non-standard exit to
avoid ICE. Now that's illegal to to help
uh to help an illegal get away with
being
illegal. And so it looks like the uh
Trump administration arrested the
judge. So, the judge got arrested
somewhat publicly in the parking lot for
aiding and abetting the escape of an
immigrant who didn't escape by the way.
They they managed to catch catch it
anyway. Now, I don't have all the
details of that, but that's the basic
idea. But, uh, Andrew Weissman, who you
might all know as a TV Democrat
lawyer, there's a video of him talking
about when Trump was arrested and
lawfared, he kept saying, "Nobody's
above the law. Nobody's above the law."
And then when the judge gets arrested
for what is clearly a violation of the
law, I mean I think even even the
supporters of the judge would say,
"Okay, that was
illegal." But as Wiseman said, it
violates a
norm. So arresting a judge violates a
norm. So when it was Trump who was
getting lawfared, no one's above the
law. No one's above the law. But when a
Democrat uh leaning judge gets arrested
for obviously breaking the law, well, it
looks like Trump is violating a norm.
So, if you ever wondered if the TV
lawyers are just liars, well, there you
go. Not all of them, not every one of
them, but uh obviously just a liar. So,
I would say his credibility is gone
forever. Let's look into Democrats
eating other
Democrats. Uh, the Washington Free
Beacon noticed this on MSNBC. I didn't
see the name of the speaker, but they
had a guest on who was a black man, uh,
which matters to the story. And uh the
MSNBC guest was uh was scolding AOC and
Bernie for what he called a shockingly
non-diverse crowd at their event in Los
Angeles. And uh the MSNBC guest said
that the Dems are going to lose midterms
unless they have young brown people.
Well, it could be that the brown people
were practicing their potato salad.
possibly. I
mean, it could be some salad related uh
thing, but I had noticed the same thing
when I saw I saw images of the crowd. It
was really super white for the uh party
that seemed to be all about diversity.
And uh I don't know if it's because
oligarch doesn't doesn't activate the uh
the black and brown community
uh and that white people like to pretend
they know what that word means. So maybe
they go I don't know. I have no idea
why. But it is uh I noticed it too. So,
I'm going to agree with the guest whose
name I I wish I could tell you because
he's completely right. If if the
Democrats keep doing gigantic events and
there are no black or brown people in
the
audience, I'm pretty sure their own base
of black and brown people are going to
notice that. How could they not? So, it
could be that AOC and Bernie are working
against their own interests without
necessarily even knowing it.
Well, according to Victoria Bolera and
Fox News, uh there's a new Fox News poll
that says Democrats favorability hit a
new low. It hasn't been that low since,
I don't know, long time. And uh for the
first time in a decade, it was that low.
But at the same time that Democrat
favorability hit a new low, uh the
Democrats are are also advantaged in
um in the midterms. So if you look at a
generic Democrat versus a generic
Republican, according to a Fox News
poll, the Democrats have an advantage.
Now, it's normal for the party that's
out of power to have an advantage in the
midterm. So, that's the most normal
thing, but I feel like I've seen polls
that said it was the
opposite. So, I think we need a poll off
besides having a potato salad off. We
need a poll off to find out cuz I would
swear we just saw some polls that said
that the generic Republican was beating
the generic Democrat. Did that change
recently? It might have because of
tariffs might have changed. So I guess I
have a question about that.
Um, UC
Berkeley, one of my one of my degrees,
it was at UC Berkeley. of course
disavowed them for being racist. But uh
UC Berkeley's in trouble because
apparently they uh were involved with a
Chinesefunded joint um research process
in which uh China put $240 million into
it, a joint tech venture that's been
running for years. And apparently UC
Berkeley did not disclose that to the
government, which is now a requirement.
So I guess they got in trouble. So a
quarter of a billion dollars came from
China to UC Berkeley. Do you think that
would affect UC
Berkeley's
anything? Well, it might. Do you think
it would be transferring, you know,
valuable technology to China that they
couldn't get any other way? Well,
they're paying for something. What What
is it you think they're paying for? If
they could do this research themselves,
wouldn't they do it? They wouldn't pay a
quarter of a billion dollars to an
American entity if they could do it
themselves. So, UC Berkeley racist and
possibly traitorous.
I disavow my degree and
uh I'm going to pretend I never went to
college at
all.
Um
anyway, so uh Breitbart was that was a
Breitbart story by the way, the UC
Berkeley
one. According to CNET, uh Apple is
close to shifting all of its iPhone
assembly to
India. So because um because Apple would
have a big problem with tariffs if they
leave everything um to be did to be uh
assembled in China, they're moving all
of the assembly that would be sold to
America, not the stuff that would be
sold to around the world. So, China will
still assemble iPhones, but only the
ones that are going to be sold to non
United States markets. And uh
apparently Apple
was with other companies. A lot of
companies were already moving to India
for this for a variety of reasons
because China is hard to do business
with or risky. But uh Apple may be able
to do its entire line of iPhones for the
US which would be about 60 million
devices a year. They might be able to do
every bit of it from India by the end of
2026. Now when we were talking about
tariffs causing companies to you know
move their production
facilities, we generally thought they
couldn't do it very quickly.
But, you know, here's one of those
special cases where they'd prepared for
years. I guess they've been training uh
Indian employees and building facilities
in India. They're just speeding it up a
little bit. So, it was already going to
happen, but they're going to speed it
up. So, that's a big
deal. According to the New York Post, uh
major shipping container company Hapag
Lloyd, you know, Hapag Lloyd, the ma
major shipping company, you all know it.
um said its customers have canceled 30%
of their orders from China to the US and
of course that's because of tariffs. 30%
of their
orders for containers. New York Post is
reporting on that.
Um but there's been a massive
increase in demand for shipments from
Thailand, Cambodia,
Vietnam.
Um but that's not big enough to
compensate. So the the amount that got
cancelled in China from China to the
United States is still way more than the
big increase from these smaller
countries to the United States. So it's
so it's not going to it's not going to
solve any problems that that the smaller
countries are increasing.
Well, there was a uh
long post, opinion post by Bill Aman on
X uh which is sort of redundant because
if I say it's a Bill Aman post. You
should if you follow him, you know it's
always too
long. He has the biggest opinion pieces
in in posts. He uh but that but they all
make sense and he's very smart and uh I
think he's right on point on this. He
says that in terms of the tariffs time
is not on China's
side. Now the popular
opinion differs from his but I think
he's got the right take on this. So the
popular opinion is that
China because they're, you know, more of
a totalitarian situation,
um, they'll be able to weather the
tariff situation
better. Now that is true. Maybe, we
don't know that for sure, but it looks
like it might be true in terms of just,
you know, the next several months.
So if there are several months of
delay, they might be able to, you know,
avoid a recession or depression or
something. Maybe a little bit better
than us. Maybe even that's not for sure.
But here's Bill Aman's point. The longer
the tariffs persist, the more rapidly
every company that has a supply chain
based in China is relocating it to
India, Vietnam, Mexico, the US, or some
other country. Now, that's what Apple's
doing, and that's what a number of other
companies are doing, too. So, he says
this here. Here's the uh here's the
money shot. There's no board of
directors or management team who will
ever again feel comfortable relying on
China for a major portion of their
supply chain. The damage has been done.
So every
week that that the uh CEO of a major
company says to themselves, "Wow, China
is
risky." It becomes something that seemed
like it might be temporary to something
that looks like it's a permanent um
extra
risk because it is. Do you remember in
2018 I promised you and it seemed weird
when I said it that I was going to make
sure that people understood that China
was unsafe for a business. How many of
you remember that? And and I said, you
know, my my motivation was my stepson
had an overdose of fentinel. And so I
thought, you know, it's time that people
understood that
China is not
safe for business in the long run. And I
started saying it as often as possible.
And I don't know if it made any
difference, but
nobody said to me in 2018, I think you
have a good
point. Pretty much 100% of the smart
people said, "Uh, Scott, uh, that that
that train has already left the station.
People feel comfortable doing business
in China. Uh, China is so welldeveloped.
you know, they're so good at
manufacturing. It's a welloiled machine.
Of course, people are going to keep
doing their manufacturing in China and
there will just be more of it forever.
And I
said, we'll see cuz I'm going to say
China's unsafe for business.
And right now, Bill Aman is saying in a
in a very clear and wellargued uh
point that
China is unsafe for business and that
that's not going to change. And he's
right. And so if you're thinking that uh
Trump has the bed, screwed the
pooch, and made the biggest mistake of
any idiot who ever did anything with his
tariffs.
I would look at Bill Aman's
opinion because I do think that the
longer they
go, the more permanent the damage is to
China and the more permanent the safety
is for the United States as things move
into either safer allied countries or
get onshored in America.
So
time is on Trump's
side. Even though we might take a hit,
you know, we might get a little
recession hit, uh we might have some
shortages over the summer, that's all
real. But
still, the long term, the the actual
survival of China as a manufacturing
place that you could
trust, that is completely in play.
And China probably knows it. And so what
Aman predicts, and I think this is a
good
prediction, is that both the US and
China are going to realize that they're
better off if they say something like,
"Let's uh let's pause this this
reciprocal tariff thing for 180 days and
work out a real lasting agreement."
And if they do
that, then we might come up with a
better agreement than we've had. But
when we're
done, China will still be unsafe for
business. And the United States will
still be the United States, the biggest
market that anybody ever had.
So probably there's going to be
something like a mutually agreed pause.
And as Aman accurately also points out
that probably the only reason it hasn't
happened so far, the the pause is that
both leaders want to make sure they
don't look like the weak one. So what
does it mean to not look like the weak
one? Well, number one, if if uh one side
has made some big pronouncement about
we'll never back down, well, you can't
you can't be on the other side and back
down within, you know, a week of the
other side saying that. If if Trump
says, you know, we're going to win no
matter
what, you can't expect she to say, oh,
in that case, we we'll back down. You
can't expect that. So there there's
something about the timing of who's
insulted who and how badly and how long
you have to wait before you can say, you
know, maybe maybe now's the time we
should, you know, get serious and stop
attacking each
other. So we might be just days away
because you've seen that you've seen
that Trump has softened his approach to
China just like you'd want. Um, you've
seen that uh China seems to be saying
they're not negotiating, but at the same
time it looks like they're
negotiating, which suggests that they're
probably not too far from saying
something like, well, now that we've
established, you know, mutual respect,
you know, we can at least put a pause on
this and talk it
out. So, we might
be surprisingly close
uh to something that looks like at least
a pause on the worst
possibilities with a opening to improve
our situation massively
um at the expense of China because I
don't know that China could ever recover
from the risk that they've just shown
the
world. So, we'll see.
[Music]
Um, you know what's weird is that uh
here's two stories that shouldn't be
happening at the same time that's
related to this. According to The Hill,
consumer sentiment falls to its lower
lowest level since post-pandemic
inflation peak. All right. So consumer
sentiment would affect how much you
spend. So if consumer sentiment is low,
it would suggest that American spending
and
consumption should also be
lower. But the Wall Street Journal is
reporting on exactly the same day that
uh spending is up.
So the US consumer market is just so
well trained to consume that people are
just buying a little extra just in case
they run out later. They're they're
moving up some of their expenses that
they probably wanted to do later, but
they're like, "Well, if I do it now, I
could beat the tariffs." So spending's
actually
up. How How would you like to beat
China? and you're in this tariff war
with the United States and then you hear
ah consumer sentiment in the US is down.
Good. They'll be buying less stuff and
this will will drive them into a
recession. And then you hear that
spending's
up. Spending's
up. That's like some of the best news
you could ever hear. It fits well with
the the Bill Aman theory that the US is
probably in better shape to weather the
long run than China. Spending's up now.
I'm not sure that it will be up next
month. You know, maybe a month from now
everything looks different, but the fact
that it's up at all in the context of a
tariff
war, that's pretty amazing and I would
say unexpected. I wouldn't have guessed
that at all.
But pretty amazing. Here's something
else that's amazing. Um, and this also
goes to the Adams law of slowmoving
disasters. So when you heard that the US
was going to
negotiate what a I don't know 160
different tariffs with different
countries and if you know anything about
international trade or how complicated a
a tariff agreement would be you say to
yourself uh that's going to take a
thousand years right but that's assuming
that we don't get smarter and we don't
become more efficient and we don't
figure out how to do trade deals more,
you know, with less friction. Well,
guess what? According to the Wall Street
Journal, uh, US officials are creating a
new template that sets common terms for
many of the talks. Oh my god, that's
good.
Yeah, I'll tell you if nothing big
happens over the weekend, this alone
should make the stock market very happy,
right? I'm not predicting it will go up
because lots could happen that's, you
know, beyond this. But if nothing
happened beyond this, if you learned
that the US has figured out how to make
a template so that we could go to every
country and we would say basically
um you know these are the things we're
going to talk about uh tariffs, quotas,
non-tariff barriers,
uh regulations on US goods, digital
trade, rules of origin for products and
economic security. And you could just
see the list and you go, "Oh, okay.
So this is the template. So basically
it's a fill-in- thelank that you
negotiate
over. That is a big freaking
deal. Because if we start rolling up one
deal after another because the template
makes it
easier, Trump
wins. Trump wins. This is the sort of
process
improvement. That's exactly what we
needed.
But I'm not
done. According to the Swiss Federation
or no, the Swiss
Confederation President uh Karen Keller
Sutter, she said on Thursday that the US
is planning what she calls quote
privileged trade negotiations with 15
countries. In other words, they would
have their own sort of faster or
improved process. So that's in addition
or maybe even with the template, I don't
know. But if the 15 most important
countries that are also our allies and
are playing well, so that would be
Japan, South Korea, because they they
stepped up right away, good allies. Uh
that would be Vietnam, that would be
presumably Europe if they wanted to get
something done quickly, which they do.
So,
um, imagine this is true. Imagine that
that the the US has figured out that
they want to fasttrack the best 15
because if they can get the best 15
done, like the ones that matter that are
not China, it's everything but
China. Oh my
god. Oh my god. Trump might be on the
cusp. And I and I say cusp that would
last, you know, maybe a few months. He
might be on the cusp of one of the
greatest victories we've ever seen. And
he would be pulling it from the deepest
well of despair and apparent stupidity.
According to all of his critics, this
could be one of the biggest winds of all
time. I mean, it would be legend if he
pulls this off. And when you see this
stuff, you see that they're they're not
just going for the goal. You know, the
goal is to have better agreements,
right? They're they're fixing the
system. That that's what I'm trying to
tell you. They're fixing the system for
how you negotiate these deals. If they
fix the system and then they start
rolling them out, oh my god.
Oh my freaking god, that would be the
most amazing
thing. Anyway, uh speaking of other
countries, uh Gavin Nuome, governor of
California,
um he's softened up quite a bit on the
energy and gas and oil situation because
the refineries are pulling out of
California or gases twice as much as
other places. and uh he's turning
Republican as fast as a man can turn
Republican without actually saying those
words. And uh he's talking about the
burdensome regulations in California and
how that has to be softened. And he says
it's essential that refiners continue to
see the value in serving the California
market. Um, so he wants to make
California a place that somebody wants
to do business in. And that means
softening
regulations, which is a
Trump
system. Trump's system is get rid of the
regulations, everything will take care
of
itself. So that's very
Trumpian. Um, let's talk about peace
deals. According to the uh Daily
Wire, uh Trump's team is in Moscow and
you know, some say getting close to a
deal or as Trump says quote very close
to a peace deal and he's calling for
them to finish it off. Well, at the same
time, uh Trump says that
Ukraine might be close to the mineral
deal for the rare earth minerals with
the US. I've been saying I'm not sure
that will ever happen, but Trump thinks
it might
happen. And he met with I guess the
Pope's funeral is today and Trump met
with Zilinski briefly. Um, and of course
they always say it was productive, which
doesn't tell us anything. But I did see
that uh there was one report that there
was a new variable that got introduced
into the Ukraine Russia
conversation. And how many times have I
told you if you have a negotiation where
you just can't seem to get anything
accomplished that sometimes you have to
introduce new variable. Now, one of the
new variables is the Ukraine mineral
deal, but I don't really think that
would be enough to give Ukraine a
feeling of safety. It might give them a
feeling of, well, we could make some
money and, you know, we'll have a little
more ties to the US economy and that
would give us a little bit of safety,
but not really much.
But I did hear, and I don't know if this
is confirmed yet, that uh the US was um
proposing that the United States be in
charge of some
pipeline from Russia that goes through
Ukraine. It might be more than one
pipeline that goes from Russia through
Ukraine to
Europe. And that part of the deal would
be that would get turned on and that
Europe could decide if they wanted to
buy Russian uh gas at market values or
not. Now, if that's
true, now we're
talking. Now, that's that is a good
variable to throw in there because
Russia would not trust
Ukraine. Ukraine would not trust Russia.
Europe would not trust Russia to not
turn off the gas. So if Europe has
options, so they could buy from more
from the US. They've probably looked
into other sources,
etc. But they also have the option of a,
let's say, a reformed Russia that's no
longer at war that would sell it to them
at market
rates. Maybe they'd like that. But
imagine having America in charge of the
pipeline
itself because Ukraine couldn't protect
it. And if we're protecting that
pipeline, we're giving uh Putin a fairly
large
incentive to just do business because
then he gets a a business benefit. of
Ukraine. He's dealing with the US that
he probably feels he can negotiate
better with because we're we're more
about
business. And that might be that might
be a way to close a deal. There might be
more to it, but I've been negative on
the deal because I I said that neither
Ukraine nor Russia seem serious enough
about peace. But this new variable where
we're, you know, doing some mining in
Ukraine, but on top of that, we might be
managing the flow of energy from
Russia. That might be enough. That might
be enough. So, I'm going to cautiously
upgrade the odds of a peace deal from no
 way, which is where I was a week
ago, to
huh. So that that's that's my new
opinion. Huh?
Maybe could
be. Anyway, here's another one where
um I'd be a little surprised, but uh
apparently Iran is acting like they want
a deal in which they would not uh make
nuclear weapons, but the details of that
uh we don't have an agreement on. But uh
Trump has uh kind of gooseed the
situation by saying that the US would
lead an attack against Iran quote very
willingly if talks fail. Breitbart's
reporting that now that's probably the
kind of pressure that's helpful because
you want Iran to think uh we better
hurry up and uh we better make a deal
because we don't want to get attacked
because they're very they must be very
aware that the only reason Iran that
Israel hasn't attacked them yet is that
Trump is holding them off. Probably the
only reason. So if Trump says, "Yeah, if
you don't make a deal, we're very
willing not only to let it happen to but
to help the
attack." I think that could help the
negotiations. But here's a here's an
idea of what the Wall Street Journal
describes as a possible
deal. And not there yet, but looks like
it might be doable. And and again, I
said last week it didn't look doable,
but here are some new variables
introduced. So, I guess the
conversations are happening in
Oman where the US and Iranian
negotiators are trying to knock it
out. And one of the key the key things
is that uh Iran wants to be able to
um wants to be able to what is it?
Refine uh what's the word they use
there? um they want to be able
to I want to use the right words uh
enrich their own uranium for domestic
use. Now if you enrich urine uranium up
to you know a medium level then you can
use it for all kinds of things like
health care and other domestic benefits.
If you enrich it to a further level,
then you could very easily turn it into
a nuclear weapon. Now, one of the claims
here is that Iran has already enriched
enough uranium that if they decided to
build a nuclear weapon, it might be only
a few months away. And that the only
reason that hasn't happened is that the
the leadership of Iran has ordered that
they don't do it.
Now, had you ever heard that before? Had
you ever heard that the only reason they
don't have one, because they could have
one in a month or two, the only reason
they don't is they decided not to, cuz
presumably it'd be too big of a
risk. So, that's interesting to me.
That's a little bit new. Um cuz I
thought it was more like we wouldn't
know if they were doing it or
not. So, maybe we do know. Um so the
idea would be so Marco Rubio has has
proposed I guess that uh the enriched
uranium would not be enriched by Iran
but rather they could just get it from
other
sources and uh then they wouldn't have
to worry about it being you know further
enriched and there would be inspections
to make sure that they weren't building
a nuclear weapon.
Um, and uh, that would be the deal. But
Iran is saying that they don't want to
give up the right to enrich their own
uranium. Now, is that a
tell? If if Iran is that close to a deal
that would avoid their own country being
destroyed in a in a bombing craze, that
the only thing they're holding on to is
that they want the right to enrich
uranium for peaceful domestic reasons
when we've offered that they can have
all the uranium they want. They just
have to get it from other sources. Does
that sound like they really don't want
nuclear weapons? or does that sound like
they sort of do want nuclear weapons and
they don't want to give it
up? Well,
um, and I guess part of the deal is that
Russia is being talked about as the
maybe keeper of the uranium or the
source of the uranium. And I feel like
if Iran had more than one source for
Iran
uranium, maybe they'd feel more
comfortable if if they really don't want
a nuclear weapon. That part that part's
the big the big question because they
they might be just jerking us around and
all they're doing is stalling. It's
possible. Could be they're just
stalling. Anyway, um
But Tran is uh allegedly, according to
the Wall Street Journal, is planning to
detail the status of its nuclear
facilities and tell the US and I guess
the world exactly where everything is
and how much they have. Do you believe
that?
Because if they were willing to, you
know, just completely go transparent
about their nuclear everything, that
would sort of suggest that they don't
want to build a nuclear
weapon. So, I'm getting mixed messages
here. Could go either way. Um, and said
Iran has been considering options to
store nuclear material under Russian
supervision. Huh. And then I also didn't
know this. Apparently Britain, France,
and Germany are threatening to reimpose
sanctions if Tran doesn't come up with a
deal. And I thought to myself, wait a
minute. Are you saying that Britain,
France, and Germany don't already have
sanctions on Iran? I guess they don't.
So things could get a lot worse for Iran
because we've got sanctions on them, but
these other countries that are, you
know, major countries don't. and they
might.
So, I don't know. I I guess I'm going to
I'm going to upgrade the odds of uh of a
workable Iranian nuclear deal from no
way, which was last year last week's
opinion, from no way, they're just
stalling
to maybe.
I wouldn't predict it, but it's solidly
in the maybe cuz we're at least getting
mixed
messages. All right, that's all I got
for you today. The uh as I said, uh Owen
Gregorian will have a spaces event on X
that will begin um very soon after I'm
done here. So, I'm going to say a few
words to privately to the local
subscribers, but we'll keep it short so
that if you want to run over and join
the spaces with Owen Gregorian on X,
that's the audio only thing and they'll
talk about maybe some of these topics
and some
others. Um, but thank you for
joining. Hope you enjoyed it. Um, and
uh, Owen, you can take over from here,
but let me just say a few words to the
locals people privately. The rest of you
on X and YouTube and Rumble, thanks for
joining. I'll see you tomorrow. Same
time, same place.