I bet my pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom Oh Bobo come on in here come on
in here it turns out there's a lot to
talk about today hey how about that and
you're in time for yes
the simultaneous imp it hasn't been a
good week but maybe things will get
better and if you have your mug your
glass your vessel you're jealous fill it
with your favorite beverage
you've got time come on over here and
join me for the simultaneous up it
happens
now let's talk about Chinese fentanyl as
you know my stepson died from what we
presume to be a fentanyl a fentanyl
overdose seems that a lot or even most
fentanyl comes from China from Chinese
pharmaceutical labs which apparently the
the government has investigated and
knows who those labs were now the
problem is you say to yourself wait a
minute if we know who the fentanyl labs
are and they're sending all these drugs
from China who the great when I talk
about China I'm just gonna call them
fentanyl China just two words now so
fentanyl China which is their the
primary effect that they have in the
United States is killing tens of
thousands of Americans every year these
the labs will send us stuff when we find
them there's law enforcement closes them
down in China but at least one person on
Twitter says the problem is that the
Chinese government will seize the
equipment and then sell it to another
lab and then the other lab opens up and
starts selling fentanyl so I don't know
if that's a universal problem or
something that happened
few times or one time I'm not sure how
pervasive that is but I'd suggested
online that the owners of the labs be
the first thing that comes up in a
Google search on fentanyl if you do a
search on Shane or fentanyl or China you
should see the names of the fentanyl lab
CEO as the owners I would like to see
them publicly shamed for being the mass
murderers that they are now if that
doesn't work if we can't get Google to
include that at the top of the the
rankings and I imagine that would be a
problem since they do what China tells
them to do here's another here's another
suggestion if it's true that we can
determine even as an estimate that
Chinese companies are sending X amount
of fentanyl and that fentanyl has a
street value of X hundreds of millions
of dollars and if we can sometimes
determine the percentage of people being
killed in America however many tens of
thousands tens of thousands per year are
being killed by fentanyl China then I
would say we should include that in our
tariffs just throw that out there as a
suggestion perhaps if China causes us
seven hundred billion dollars worth of
drug problems we should just add that to
their tariffs just just toss that on
once a year we'll take an inventory
those things which we have investigated
and found to be Chinese fentanyl
if they send us a billion dollars of
fentanyl we add a billion dollars to
their bill we just add it to the tariff
and we don't even you know we'll show
them the evidence but just add it to the
tariff if we determined that ten or
twenty or thirty thousand Americans in a
year were killed by Chinese fentanyl
even if we don't know exactly which dose
came from where if we can estimate it
and say that let's say ten or twenty
thousand Americans were killed by
fentanyl let's let's put a value on a
human life let's say each human
was worth I don't know hundred billion
dollars and then just multiply a hundred
million dollars times twenty thousand
it's a pretty big number and they just
added to their bill so I think we should
at least raise this possibility in the
negotiations we should say if you can't
stop the fentanyl we'll just bill you
for it and we'll also try to kill those
owners of those labs now it might be
that we don't need to kill any lab
owners in China I'm talking about extra
illegal hunt them down give them a shot
of their own fentanyl sort of situation
but we might not have to do that because
it could be that the Chinese government
closes down the lab and even executes
the owners as soon as we tell them about
them it might be that they're that the
Chinese government doesn't want these
labs any more than we do it's just sort
of a whack-a-mole situation that's
possible but I think we should build we
should see the faces of the owners and
we should try to kill them if the
Chinese government isn't we should
definitely do it on their soil that's my
suggestion now you say to yourself my
god my god you can't disrespect the
sovereignty of China and kill Chinese
citizens on Chinese soil to which I say
China is killing twenty thirty thousand
people a year with their fentanyl can we
kill a few lab owners on their soil yes
we can yes we can and and if somebody
says hey there are a lot of suspicious
deaths of these lab owners it seems like
they're all dying of what fentanyl
overdoses because if you if you can
catch one of these lab owners well you
know what we'll kill them fed mil just
give them a couple of shots of fentanyl
and walk away that should do it so
that's enough fun fentanyl let's talk
about the headlines so there's a big New
York Times story 14 I don't know a whole
bunch of pages 15,000 words in which
they have dug through ancient trump tax
returns and they have determined and I
know this is going to be hard to believe
for many of you but the New York Times
has determined that the Trump business
going back to his friend the father the
Trump Organization as aggressively and I
I don't know how to tell you this
they've aggressively tried to reduce
their tax burden it's true I knew this
day was coming when the anti Trump errs
would finally find something so terrible
that they could take down the president
yes ladies and gentlemen it's true the
Trump Organization has tried aggressive
tactics to reduce their tax burden now
you might say to yourself wait a minute
isn't that a hundred percent of every
company that can afford an accountant
and I say yes yes it is but their names
are not Trump now we're all of the
things that they did legal by today's
standards well here's the first problem
are we and I don't know the answer this
question so I'll just make it a question
are we judging what happened back then
decades ago by the standards of today I
hope not but there might be things that
you couldn't do today that were more
standard practice back then second thing
I wonder is here's some tax advice I
once heard from somebody who understood
taxes a friend of mine once had an
ambiguous situation there were two ways
to calculate his taxes and under the
rules of the Rs it seemed as if both of
them were accurate in other words they
were both supported by I
rulz one of them he calculated what cost
him a lot more money than the other way
he calculated it and so he asked his
friend who knew about taxes he said if
there are two ways to calculate it and
they both seem supportable by the IRS
rules which way should I use and the
expert said use the one that where you
pay the least taxes that's it you don't
need to decide which of those ambiguous
rules is the slightly better one you
just have to have a reason and you've
got to say okay well I'll use the one
that cost me the least amount of money
now is it true that if the IRS had dug
into some of these tax avoidance
techniques that the Trump family used is
it is it possible that they would have
said yeah this is technically true but
not what we had in mind probably
probably I probably the IRS if they'd
really dug into it they could find find
some things that were technically it
looks like they followed the rules but
this is not the way we imagined these
rules should work that's the most common
situation in the world every time
there's any kind of a tax change all the
big corporations think wait a minute if
I open a company in Ireland and a fun
went through there and if I put my
headquarters in Estonia and I've got a
couple of you know Carvel companies I
can move that money that's just normal
business now what happens when a when
the IRS determines that you have abused
the rules and stretched them beyond what
they were intended to be stretched to
what happens to the company that does
that they pay a fine or they just have
to do it the other way it's not jail
time because if somebody did something
that's at least supportable by a
real-live accountant who's willing to
sign it and say yeah I'm gonna sign this
I'm gonna put my name and my reputation
as as a tax preparer as an accountant
probably a big accounting company all
citing us because this at least has a
good argument for
so if his taxes are in the opinion of
the New York Times reporters and some
experts they talk to if those experts in
today 2018 look back at those
decades-old mechanisms for reducing or
eliminating taxes and they say that's
sketchy that would be illegal that's
sort of a normal situation because a big
company is going to do enough stuff that
they know the gray area stuff the vague
stuff the places where they stretch the
rules a little bit they're just hard to
find and if the if the IRS doesn't
actually ask for the for the details of
those things they don't really look at
it a lot of people don't know that an
IRS audit typically is not an audit on
everything you've done they tend to
focus on something so they may they
might order you on is the home business
you claimed an actual home business but
they won't necessarily audit you and the
rest of you returned I suppose if it was
you know a lot of fraud going on on the
one thing that they found they might
look further but they tend to limit it
so in a big company yeah anytime you've
got any gray area anytime your
accountant says you know you could do
this five you can also do this and this
one would save you a lot of money what
would happen if I get caught doing the
sketchy one well we have an argument and
our argument goes like this that we can
do this sketchy thing because of this
and this and this and this if you have
an argument nobody's going to jail you
might pay a fine but it's sort of normal
business companies pay fines all the
time and they do stretch things until
they get caught and so I think let's
talk about the politics of it in terms
of a way to attack the president I think
the people who already thought he had
tax problems and you know there was
sketchy stuff there it gives them
something to talk about but it's really
sort of an extension of what they were
talking about anyway right
and for the people who voted for Trump
raise your hands raise your hands
because I can see all of you how many of
you already knew that the Trump
Organization both currently and
historically did everything it could to
avoid taxes and this some of those
things might be questionable to the IRS
but here's the big but all of it went
through professional accountants and all
of it got signed off on somewhere in
this mix there are professional
accountants who don't work for the Trump
Organization who looked at all this and
said it's it's a stretch you know this
is this one's a little bit of a gray
area but yeah this is legal according to
the technical rule so we're gonna we're
gonna try it and see what happens so I
don't think the tax story is gonna
change minds because the people who
supported the president it was already
baked in everything that you hear now
will not threaten the president legally
because he wasn't the one who even knew
the details you know literally he didn't
know that it's fair to say that he
didn't know the details when he was 2
years old
and Fred Trump was funneling him money
you know the way the New York Times
writes it is that is that Donald Trump
was helping his father cheat on taxes
when he was 2 so Donald Trump was
helping his father cheat on taxes when
Donald Trump was 2 so I don't think
there's any legal risk and I think the
political risk is yeah there's a tell
there's a big tell in the New York Times
story it made me laugh out loud when I
saw it I needed a good laugh this week
there's a I don't have the exact quote
but there in the story it says that they
went through a hundred thousand
documents
can you imagine that that the New York
Times reporters and whoever they they
had helping them they went through a
hundred thousand documents what's left
out of that story they went through a
hundred thousand documents and found
stuff about those taxes let me tell you
what's left out of that story how many
of the hundred thousand documents made
any difference were there two pages is
it possible that maybe two pages had
something on them that was any of any
importance why did they have to tell us
I went through a hundred thousand
documents I'll tell you why because it's
a really big number and if you say we
went through a hundred thousand
documents it sounds like your proof is
really good well how much how much more
certain can you be there were a hundred
thousand documents so the hundred
thousand documents thing without any
reference to how many of those documents
made any difference at all is just pure
manipulation that's not reporting that's
manipulation of the reader let's go to
another topic so now this is this is a
great breaking story headlined shocking
news here's some shocking news it's
being reported that that the President
may have been behind the payments to
stormy Daniels I know I know you're
thinking what I'm thinking what are the
chances we didn't know that we didn't
know that the president might have
talked to Michael Cohen and had
something to do with the payments to
stormy Daniels what what are you kidding
me and and what about the fact that the
president said something that wasn't
true about an alleged affair with a porn
star really really you think the
President may have shaded the truth when
asked on in public about an affair with
pornstar that is alleged to happen while
his wife was pregnant huh we didn't see
that coming
I actually heard the news and I thought
to myself that's news and so it it kind
of got to the larger question of lying
because we're talking we're talking
about Cavanaugh and the and the
implication is that Cavanaugh is going
to be at the top judge or a top-jaw
jury's candidate for it and and if he
lied on anything during the his
testimonies if he lie down anything it
makes him untrustworthy and you have to
have the most trustworthy people in the
Supreme Court go is the argument but
imagine this imagine if they'd sent to
Cavanaugh mr. Cavanaugh did your family
ever own a pet yes we did we had a dog
named - fluffy mr. Cavanaugh is fluffy
still with us no fluffy fluffy is not
with us anymore
mr. Cavanaugh did fluffy die or did you
tell your children that something else
happened to fluffy in Cavanaugh would be
like yeah he didn't exactly die fluffy
went to a farm he went to a farm where
he's very happy talking to other dogs
running around all day with other dogs
forever in eternity he's in a farm
now obviously I'm joking because
everybody lies to their kids about where
their dog dying if their kids are young
and what level do you say that the lie
is trivial if the man is asked in front
of the world and his family and his
children did you drink too much what do
we expect him to say I'll tell I'll tell
you what I want him to say no
I want him to I want him to minimize
that because it didn't really matter to
the point in my opinion at least not in
a way that changes anything so a little
bit of lying I'm okay with that frankly
so let me say that I'll say it as
clearly as possible
if Cavanaugh or the next judge that the
Democrats maybe put up there if any
judge in the future lies about stuff
that isn't terribly important and you
know it might have been embarrassing so
it's better just a lie about it okay
with that I will not feel bad when the
Supreme Court judge is ruling on some
important thing because they lied about
their dog or they they lied about how
many beers they had I will not I would
not have any problem with that now let's
talk about lying in general think about
where Trump came from Trump came from
the business world in the business world
do people lie do people lie in the
business world well if you have any
experience in the business world and I
do you will know that without lying
capitalism wouldn't even work lying and
you know we don't like to teach teach
the kids this and we don't like to say
it out loud but the entire capitalist
system really depends on line now the
lying comes in many forms the lying
might look like this yes we can totally
meet your deadline when you know you
can't but once they get a little bit
pregnant you'll be able to make some
excuses and you still get the deal so
lying about deadlines is almost
universal
how about lying about your total cost
you're the vendor you're selling a
software system a hardware system into a
big company do you tell them all the
costs do you tell them what is likely to
cost for the upgrades unless they ask do
you tell them what will happen if
something breaks
do you really disclose all the costs or
are you sort of lying to get the job and
then once you've got the job it's to our
them to get rid of you so it's easier
for you to are overcharged for changes
what about every advertisement what
about marketing have you ever seen them
an advertisement of the said here's our
new product we compared it to all the
other products and frankly our
competitor makes a lower-cost product
that's better and you should buy that
but we have one that's almost as good
that would be honest and that would be
the way most people should market if
there was anything like honesty and Lee
in the capitalist world so I contend the
lying is a central ingredient to what
greases the the capitalist engine if
there were not enough lying there would
not there would be less buying let me
say that again if we didn't have so much
lying in capitalism we wouldn't have as
much of buying and if people didn't buy
as much the system kind of doesn't work
so Trump comes from a world in which you
always lie about your product always I
mean so it's about the most universal
thing you've ever done you can see it's
like hey is your building a pretty good
building or is it the greatest building
ever is that people should die to live
there is it the best building you've
ever seen which one do business people
say so Trump brings this let's say the
capitalist business ethic into
government which is that you are allowed
to lie about everything really you're
allowed to lie about anything you can
say the competition is doing terrible
things that maybe they're not you can
say that yours will cost less than the
competition when maybe it doesn't
exactly but if you didn't do all those
things it would be hard to persuade
people forward and we see that the
president's persuasion is very effective
now I've said in the past that the
president is always as far as I can tell
there may be in a there might be some
exception out there but I haven't seen
one he is always directionally act
and by directionally accurate I mean
that even if he's not technically
accurate
he's moving our minds in the right
direction that you would want for a
president so for example if the
president says this economy is the best
that's ever been and then people do some
fact-checking and they say that's not
the best that's ever been remember that
one year under Obama is it cetera now
you would say well technically let's
score that as a lie here's how I score
it it's like capitalism it's it's an
exaggeration of your success
it's a minimization of the people who
are your competitors if you will it is
exactly how capitalism is built and
capitalism works really well so he's
bringing the same technique here and
what it did was it is sort of increased
the total stock pile of lying in
government because it you know it's no
secret that senators and congresspeople
and candidates it's no secret that they
all lie but they they generally tried to
lie in ways that you can get away with
it a little bit hoping nobody notices
that sort of thing you know the
political lies are sort of like sheepish
lies a little bit I'll say it quickly
you hope nobody notices so you're you
don't want to be a liar as a elected
official but the oh the lying helps a
little bit so you've got a little bit of
lying going on Trump comes in with the
the capitalism ethic which is that it's
absolutely ok to lie about absolutely
everything all the time you lie about
how good your employees are how you'll
meet the deadline you lie about your
your prospects for the future you lie
about the fact that the reorganization
is coming and everybody's going to be
fired and it's a big lying enterprise
and it needs to be that way because if
people stop doing that people would stop
being persuaded to do stuff and you need
people to buy stuff you need people to
make deals you need them to believe the
BS
and I think what Trump did is shocked
the system by taking what works
perfectly in capitalism complete 100
percent exaggeration hyperbole outright
lies to drive the capitalist engine
brought it over to government but
instead of the profit motive he has to
make America great again motive right
everything you do in capitalism is for
profit you know within law you're trying
to stay within the law as much as
possible but profit it's a single
purpose of every lie you tell right so
you're not lying randomly you're not
lying for no good reason you're lying
for profit and as long as people just
lie for profit capitalism chugs along ok
likewise in the government as long as
the things Trump says are inspiring
people to invest they're inspiring
they're inspiring Isis to quit because
if it let's say he's even lied to Isis
he told Isis that he was going to
destroy them he's never gonna leave here
he's gonna crush them to the degree that
they believed he would be better at it
than the last people that's very
demotivating for Isis is that a bad lie
saying that you might be more powerful
against Isis that maybe even you think
you might be that's not a bad lie that's
a really good lie it's a capitalism kind
of a lie it moves the it moves the bar
where you want it not toward profit but
toward making America safer and greater
again so you got that let's change the
subject a little bit here I'm gonna give
some credit to the Democrats for
persuasion for more for strategy I guess
than persuasion this is sort of a gray
area Alan Dershowitz pointed out on
Twitter that Lawrence tribe a prominent
lawyer and anti-trump er wrote an
article Washington Post I think or New
York Times one of those and in which
Lawrence tribe described a
a strategy for blocking Cavanaugh that
was pure evil just pure evil and at the
same time I said to myself okay if I'm
gonna be objective and I'm gonna
separate the morality from the tool the
tool is pretty darn clever it's evil
yeah it's totally evil and it's bad for
the system could destroy the whole
country so it's that bad but it might
work and here's the the technique the
idea is that in a general way he gives a
lot more detail but in a general way any
organizations such as the ACLU if they
would announce their opposition to
Cavanaugh they're the type of entity
that ends up at the Supreme Court a lot
so if you knew that the ACL had come out
strongly against Cavanaugh you could not
expect Cavanaugh to stay on that case if
the ACLU ever came in front of them
Cavanaugh would have to recuse because
he had he had been an enemy or they had
been an enemy to his nomination now the
idea of tribe's idea was that if enough
entities oppose him publicly that he
would have to recuse himself from any
decisions when they came before him and
he would be such a wounded potential
jurist that there's no point in
nominating or there's no point in
putting him on the court because he will
only be able to you know be like a
part-time part-time justice because
he'll have to recuse himself from so
many things because all these people
oppose them and I thought to myself okay
that is pure evil but I don't know if it
won't work I mean I'll tell you one
thing you can't say about the Democrats
anymore
here's what you can't say about the
Democrats anymore they're afraid to
fight you know if you're if you're going
to be real keeping it real as we used to
say
keeping it real wasn't one of the things
that was the big criticism of the
Democrats as they weren't they just
didn't have enough fighting but holy cow
this Kavanagh thing is changing my mind
about that right there's a lot of fight
and the whole Russian collusion thing
that's a lot of fight so you you got to
give a plus for effort I mean the
Democrats in terms of stepping it up for
the the power of the of the persuasion
and the the level that they're willing
to go to is sort of a 10 I mean that's
kind of a 10 they're talking about
everything from you know well they're
talking at every every means of removing
Trump so you give it I'll give them that
they they have some fight in them they
don't have good strategies though so
here's the catch they've taken the fight
to a situation the Cavanaugh situation
in which the president has two ways to
win and probably no way to lose so
they've chosen as their final battle
battleground maybe not final but they've
chosen as their major battleground the
only situation I can think of in which
Trump wins both ways and here's how you
you'll hear other people talking about
this now I think I was talking about it
early but now it's it's sort of a common
and by the way did everybody say this
before me I assume so but for some
reason I never heard it from a pundit
until I said it and it goes like this
if if Trump gets Cavanaugh in even
wounded even with a bad reputation it's
still unambiguously a win and it's a
giant win but if if Cavanaugh doesn't
get in if he is thwarted by this level
of imaginations
you know let's say nothing new comes out
but he's still thwarted Republicans will
just go nuts and you think yeah it's
going to be a red wave like you've never
seen in your life because at this point
it would really be if Cavanaugh is
thwarted by this kind of claim it would
look like a proposed system change in
the United States there would really be
rewriting the Constitution rewriting our
you know in effect because even though
the Constitution allows everything
that's happening it would feel like
we're treating the Constitution
differently so in effect it would be
like a a rewrite because then the Senate
would not be in the advise and consent
they would just be in some weird you
know teamfight kind of thing where they
just make stuff up that's a completely
different system than advise and consent
so the the Democrat the Republicans if
there's one thing Republicans don't like
and they will motivate them is activist
judges and somebody tries to mess with
the system Republicans like the system
and if you mess with the whole system as
opposed to just getting a result they
don't like let me say it more clearly if
Republicans see a result in politics
that they don't like but they also
recognize that the system was followed
you know everything was constitutional
nobody broke any laws they're gonna
accept it with resistance but they're
gonna accept it
and they're going to you know fight
change in the future but there again
they're gonna respect the system if
Republicans get a result they don't want
because somebody broke the system which
is look looks like what's happening and
part of the system is you know innocent
until proven guilty or in the in the
political job category not that standard
not not innocent until beyond a beyond a
doubt and not just preponderance of
evidence but you know you need some
corroboration that's the solid kind
right if you don't have that that's a
pretty big chain
and how things have been done and it
would be a permanent change that's very
motivating for Republicans they don't
like they don't like some group of
voters Democrats changing the system
without permission and then getting a
result that they don't like so Trump
wins with the red wave and Trump wins if
he gets Cavanaugh and doesn't get a red
wave because I think I actually think
Trump could function with a split
Congress if it ends that way so
Democrats tons of fight terrible
strategy they picked the wrong fight all
right
so or there's the other story that's
related to the New York Times story
about Trump's taxes is that gleefully
CNN is reporting that it blows up the
story of Trump as a self-made
businessman and the myth that he
borrowed a million dollars and turned it
into ten billion or something and
they're saying this proves that he
actually got you know hundreds of
millions from his father to which I say
what are you giving me and all of the
news doesn't feel like news does it is
there anybody who didn't know he got
tons of money from his father
I don't think there's any Trump
supporter who read that and said what
are you kidding me are you telling me
his net worth is not ten billion dollars
are you telling me that he got a lot of
money in a great start from his rich
father
who's having that conversation nobody
literally nobody
so I've I've described what happened
mostly yesterday as the kitchen sink so
that if you're not American there's
there's an American saying called
throwing the kitchen sink at it it means
you've tried everything else and there's
just nothing left to throw you know
everything in the kitchen has already
been thrown so you have to like
pull the kitchen sink up and throw that
that's like the last thing you've got
left and it felt like that yesterday
didn't it
remember I've I've taught you that being
on the edge of doom looks almost
identical or kin to being on the edge of
complete victory right almost doom and
almost complete victory can look exactly
the same and this this might be one of
those situations because on one hand it
looks like oh my god there's all this
new reporting all this horrible stuff
about President Trump and then you look
at all the reports it's like well what
kind of we kind of suspected he tried to
avoid taxes I I think we knew he got
more money from his parents because
remember he's a capitalist and he lies
about everything
now what did President Trump get out of
exaggerating his his business success
well it got him on The Apprentice and it
made him president of the United States
is he the dummy oh my god that dumb old
president Trump he he managed to spin a
story into the presidency I feel like
that was pretty good play right because
if there's one thing I can teach you
it's that the person who sells the best
is the best let me say that again the
person who sells the best is the best
the the person who can sell is the most
powerful and most useful the most has
the most utility and he and while other
people were learning maybe I know
different business stuff for having
different experiences
he Trump was becoming the best promoter
or salesperson brand manager of all time
was that a good strategy obviously yes
because he not only succeeded himself
but he brought that same bag of skills
to the presidency and he's selling the
heck out of the United States you know
that's what he's doing he's acting as a
salesperson
the United States and he's selling the
heck out of it is he ruffling some
feathers sure but he's selling back out
of it let's talk about so I've talked
before about how the Democrats have
become somewhat a woman centric party
meaning that their primary interest in
the the Democrat side is the interests
of women and they've largely just thrown
black people under the bus you know
Hispanics under the bus they've kind of
thrown everybody under the bus except
women and now again I'm not saying
that's good or bad it might be a really
good thing that there's a major
political party that's concentrated on
on the on the preferences of women that
might be a really healthy thing so I
don't have a an opinion about that I'm
just describing it and I had I had tried
tried to describe Republicans as being
about protecting women but I think it
would be fair more fair to say that the
Republicans are the the party of
protection so Republicans are strong on
you know anti-crime strong on law
enforcement and that's really a
protection thing they're strong on
defense that's sort of a protection
thing and this protection applies to
both men and women Republicans are
strong on immigration that's a
protection thing the president talks
about the risk of rape
does he exaggerate of course on
everything he does but rape is a
specific female risk and he talked not
exclusively but it's primarily a female
risk and and he talks about protection
of men and women protection he's not
against gays he's fine with you know gay
marriage etc so it's about protection if
you're an American male or female it's
about protection
and in this world men are seen as
protectors again I'm not saying all men
are protectors I'm not saying that women
are not also protectors but it's sort of
a brand wise men are good eggs let me
let me put it to you this way how often
does a what is a woman the victim of a
man when there are other men in the room
well sometimes you might have these rare
cases where there's some kind of a group
rape situation but generally speaking
for a woman to be victimized
she usually needs to be in in the
company of one man right if there's more
than one man in the room she's safer not
more dangerous because the other men act
as a protection against the one man
who's who's problematic so Trump this
has sort of a protection mode and he
talked he did he said what you're not
supposed to say at the rally he said
explicitly that were in a situation
where it's starting to get dangerous for
your sons and your husband's does they
might be the the recipient of
uncorroborated accusations and that
could be devastating for them as well as
anybody who loves them and the media
acted like he wasn't allowed to say that
but it wasn't it wasn't fair to say that
that men matter it's fair to say black
lives matter but it seemed to be unfair
to say that men and boys matter he
wasn't saying they matter more than
anybody else he wasn't saying let's stop
worrying about other people he was
saying that men matter that's it he was
just saying that men matter too and
there was pushback on that there was
pushback on the notion that men might
matter to think about that and so it
seems to me that the framing that's
developing you know things are evolving
every day but it feels like the frame is
involved that's evolving is that the
Democratic Party is not Pro woman
exclusive
they're also anti mail so the Democrats
are unambiguously anti-male and don't
even try to hide it anymore which is
sort of shocking and this president is
willing to call BS on it it's like you
they're not even hiding the fact that
they're anti mail how much do you like
to hear me say that because I think it
has it has moved the needle has moved
from let's fight to get what's good for
women yeah that the fight for
contraceptive contraceptions fighting
for contraception or having it paid for
is not anti mail in fact men are
probably better off if if that's your
point of view men are better off and
women to fighting for abortion doesn't
feel anti male because the what is
aborted is at least potentially male and
potentially female in equal numbers it's
more about what's good for women but I
feel like we've left that envelope the
Democrats have and they've extended it
to a general anti male feeling now I'm
not going to say that the president has
no you know no influence on that I mean
his approach had made it easy for the
Democrats to frame men as the demons but
let's let's see it for what it is right
it feels like the Democrat brand has
turned from Pro woman to anti male
whereas the Republican brand is still
protection and prosperity really the
two-piece protection and prosperity
wouldn't you say because you know the
Democrats have specific protection
related things they're trying to protect
the the factory workers they're trying
to protect workers they're trying to
protect people physically now I think
the Democrats would argue away where the
protection
group because we're or more about
climate change that's protecting and
we're protecting the environment and
that's protecting but it doesn't feel
the same that feels just in in terms of
the persuasion the way we the way we see
it and register it just feels like
Democrats are anti mail now and they no
longer are trying to hide it which makes
it increasingly embarrassing to be a man
in the Democratic Party yeah and I was
thinking the other day that I always
look for the unintended consequences of
things and it seems to me that when
black lives matter became a popular
slogan you know a lot of people would
try to respond to that and say well all
lives matter and they thought that was
sort of a higher ground maneuver but in
fact it was a trap because if you say
all lives matter you're sort of refuting
the point that black lives matter even
though you're not but it can be argued
that way and so therefore you're a
racist so it was sort of a genius slogan
because you either agreed with it or
they could ping you as a racist and it
was very effective but at the same time
the unintended consequence of having
societal acceptance of the phrase all
black a societal acceptance of the fact
that black lives matter the ability to
call out one group and say these this
group matters kind of made is safe for
Trump to say men matter I'd have not
even sure he could have said that before
a black lives matter so he can say men
matter and you're also seeing people who
are willing to come forward and say
what's wrong with being white what's
wrong with being a man why do I have to
apologize for that because somebody else
gotta got a benefit let's talk about oh
I shouldn't do this
I'm right on the edge of throwing my
career away
and I'm wondering if I should man I'm
gonna wait wait for another day to do
that no reason to do that this week
anyway my startup the interphase app
interface by web hub we have a new
version which if you by the way if you
don't have the new version of the
interface by wind hub app let me show
you what it looks like it's a big
upgrade and you'll need to upgrade your
current version to use this with people
who have the new version so let me just
show you so what the app does is it
allows you to either be an expert or to
find an expert if you want to be an
expert you just say I'll take credit
cards or I'll take crypto and you know
do you select it you just set your price
and put in your keywords and your bio it
takes you about sixty Seconds to become
an expert you can be an expert in
whatever you want
it could be gardening could be
technology could be anything it could be
doctoring and if you want to find an
expert you just click the top and put in
the search term so I'm going to look for
French tutor so it looks like a French
tutor was recently on here it could be
any kind of a tutor but look there's one
so right now there's a French tutor
who's online right now named or or Boone
and for $40 per hour I could all I have
to do is push a button and for $40 an
hour I have a French tutor now if you
have a kid who's taking French and you
did not take French and you need
somebody to tutor them you could be
making dinner just call this up put the
phone on the kitchen table and have your
kids sit there while you're making
dinner and they're getting French
tutoring right now imagine this for
every kind of skill imagine that there's
anything you can learn
anything you can learn anything just by
finding somebody who will tell it to you
right at that moment for the for a price
yeah it is $40 tutors tutors can cost a
lot more than $40 an hour so if you
could get a $40 an hour tutor depending
on the part of the country you know the
rich parts of the country you have
expensive tutors
I think tutors can be $65 an hour they
can pretty pretty expensive and the one
of the things that we're fixing in the
upgrade is that we didn't have a fully
functioning system where if you couldn't
find somebody you would be notified when
they were online and now and now you
will be so if you say you were looking
for a French tutor but they weren't
available - somebody was already talking
to them you could set it to give you a
notification when the French tutor was
back online all right so the world will
be changing quite a bit and you can hear
a lot more and in the coming days about
the app but just to make things
interesting if you would like to talk to
me right after this is over I'm going to
go online as an expert lips right now on
the interface app you could find me by
my name or by cartooning or persuasion
I'm going to accept both of wettin
tokens which you get for free just from
signing up so it wouldn't even cost you
anything to call me because we give you
some free web tokens those are our own
cryptocurrency
so you could just use those and call me
and I'm gonna set my hourly rate at 100
dollars so you get paid $25 if you want
to talk to me and I'm gonna go online
alright I'm online I'm gonna hang up
from this periscope and if anybody wants
to call me and try out the interface by
wind hub
you can do that right now
interface by when hub it's in the app
stores it's a free download and calling
me would be free the first time because
you get some free tokens just for
signing up so we'll see who calls first
and I'll talk to you later bye