[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and damn
it that's what's gonna that's what's
going to happen here if you'd like to
take this experience which
really is hard to reproduce up to levels
that nobody can even understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a cup or mugger glass a
tankered sheler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine h of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now go
ah all right this will be a test of your
social media
awareness when I say better and I
pronounce it that way it's better who
who talks like
that who says instead of better says
better Andrew Tate Andrew
Tate it was very interesting speaking
style well I would like to uh give a
little advice to anybody who's live
streaming do we have anybody listening
who's a live streamer also I've been
using the rumble studio for number of
months now and like any new technology
it's going to have you know a bugger
here or there but I got to tell you it
just instantly increases your income for
the same amount of work so if you're
only streaming on one platform instead
of using Rumble Studio which is free by
the way doesn't cost anything it's uh
just on your browser and the rumble
Studio lets you do what I'm doing right
now which is live stream to rumble and
YouTube and x and locals all at the same
time so that's pretty awesome so all I
did was push a couple of buttons and
it's live streaming on more platforms
and the other platforms are
monetized so X is monetized in the
comments you know for the advertisements
so I basically just push one button and
my Liv stream income goes up by
40% so if you're not using it because
you don't want a 40% increase in your
income I don't know why you wouldn't use
it I mean even if you think oh it's
newish it might have a bug here or there
like everything in the world um but for
the things which are attempting to do
multiple platforms at one time is by far
the best solution there's nothing close
really so go get go get yourself some
free free money my favorite story of the
last day was the French pole vter who
lost by a wiener um he literally has a
large penis there's no other way to tell
the story it is so large that when he
pole
vaed uh it got stuck on the pole and
knocked the pole down because he cleared
the pole except for his large penis that
was hanging down now here's the fun
part apparently because his exercise
shorts are kind of thin you can see a
perfect outline of his entire Wang which
they captured at the moment of contact
with the bar that he was crossing so we
actually got a perfectly clear image of
a Paul valter's penis as outlined by his
shorts we still don't have a clear
picture of a
UFO did you see the one recently that
looked like was a clear picture a video
of a UFO and I looked at that thing and
I thought doesn't look like a UFO to me
it looks like some kind of balloon or
something and then separately people
showed videos that were real videos of
tents like an an actual camping tent
that if the wind catches it they can
actually become airborne so you can
watch like an actual complete
tent uh just be airborne and flying
around like it's a like it's a
UFO so it's easier to get a picture of a
pole valter's penis than it is to get a
picture of a UFO whatever that
means well there's a research and a
kambridge
scitech daily is reporting that uh the
love hormone called oxytocin that's the
chemical in your body when you're in
love and you're rubbing up against
people that you love and that chemical
comes out and you feel good you're like
m feels good to rub against people I
love so that's
oxytocin and it turns out if you give
that to people certain people uh it can
fix their obesity and their behavioral
problems and their postnatal depression
you know what else it can he
on again here's some research you could
have saved some time and just ask
me if you give people oxytocin it solves
basically all of their
problems oxytocin is literally the drug
that makes you feel everything's okay
even if it isn't so yes if you give that
drug to people it will solve most of
their problems and am I surprised that
it uh helps with ob obesity or
behavioral problems
no because I've long had the theory that
I call the pleasure unit
principle which is humans have to have a
certain amount of pleasure or else
they'll just go crazy and that's why if
they don't have access to any other kind
of pleasure they'll do drugs or they'll
have you know casual sex with people
they barely know because people need
pleasure it's not optional we just have
to have it a little bit or we'll do
anything to get it we'll break laws
we'll kill people we'll do whatever we
have to do to get a little bit of
pleasure we're just build so we need it
so yeah you give somebody this pleasure
drug and it should make them need less
pleasure in other domains because they
are little a little bit satisfied make
sense to me here's another one that
seems
like um maybe it's a big deal so you
know the biggest um indicator in the
world of how everything's going to be in
the future is energy energy prices and
energy availability especially battery
storage that's why I talk about it so
much so here's another battery storage
kind of device made from
bricks turns out if you just heat a
brick until it's super hot and then you
put it in in a insulated
container it will just stay
hot so you can essentially store
heat um for when you need it later and
apparently it's pretty efficient you
just heat up a bunch of bricks and keep
them insulated and they'll be almost
just as warm when you check on them the
next day and then you can use it to heat
things and do whatever you do with heat
so apparently there's a Stanford Le
study on these uh fire bricks they call
them and it's really promising it looks
like there'd be no new technology that
needs to be invented it's more of an
engineering thing right you just take
this idea and you engineer it and you're
good to
go um you know the truth social platform
that President ex-president Trump uh is
on uh they're introducing a new feature
forced
streaming uh I didn't quite know from
the uh the news on it whether it means
live streaming or does it just mean a
streaming TV of TV shows that they think
you you should want to see that maybe
are not so available in other places so
we'll wait and see what that means but
could be kind of a big deal if they
create a streaming service for Content
that you wouldn't see in other
places there is this is another big deal
we'll get to the politics next but
there's a shuttered up uh nuclear power
plant in
Michigan and as you know number of
nuclear power plants have been closed in
the past but it's going to be reopened
fairly
soon and uh the plants owner holte
International they're going to open it
late 2025 so next year it will be
reopened which is a big big deal if you
can reopen existing plants you don't
just get the nuclear plant and I guess
the government was helpful with some
loans and stuff but you don't just get
the
electricity um this one is going to add
small modular
units so here the big play is not that
you reopen an old one that's cool and
it's stpp in the right direction but the
big play is that once it's opened you've
got an approved nuclear site so you can
add small nuclear small modular nuclear
nuclear units to it to vastly improve
the energy and the safety really um and
you can just keep growing that way so
this is a big big deal in terms of a
model for how to get nuclear as fast as
possible so we'll keep an eye on this
the small modular nuclear units which
have not really been invented yet but
are pretty close that's that's the big
story so if you're following this uh
Trump assassination attempted
assassination sniper story is it my
imagination or is everything we learn
about it make it sound worse than the
day
before and the fact that it just
dribbles out is just hilarious at this
point you know it started out with there
might have been some kind of
communication
problem and that turned into well you
know we think the police maybe didn't
communicate so well with the secet
service and then we're like well maybe
maybe it was a management problem you
know they knew there was somebody there
but somebody gave a you know standown
order there's no evidence of that but
maybe so we all we thought it was bad
right from the moment the first bullet
hit the president's ear everybody knew
that something bad had happened and you
know there was some let's say uh let's
say uh some
capability was not quite satisfied there
so they they weren't quite doing the job
so we all knew
that but as of today it just keeps
getting funnier so apparently we just
learned and why did it take us this long
to learn this that I think yesterday we
found out that it was the first time
they'd have counter snipers at a trump
rally
now how why did it take so long to learn
that didn't you didn't you just normally
assume that it was
normal and that they probably had a
crack team who was used to working
together and so they would have you know
their situation would be all worked out
they' know how to operate together nope
it's the first time they'd ever put uh
counter snipers on a trump rally while
he's a candidate not while he was
president but while he's a candidate and
and then we also learn that instead of
having radios where the local police
which were part of the operation could
easily talk to the snipers and the
Secret Service uh they were told to just
use their cell phones and
text and you know how easy it is to send
a text when there's an emergency have
you ever tried to text somebody really
really fast because it's an
emergency I don't know about you but my
thumbs do all the wrong stuff then like
go damn it no no stop autocorrecting no
damn it no that's not the word
autocorrect a you the autoc correct
alone would want to make me shoot the
phone instead of the bad guys but uh
yeah this SN story just keeps getting
worse and I continue to say that the
Dilbert filter is the most predictive
the Dilbert filter which is just bad
management and and employees acting like
regular employees like everybody
everybody does
everywhere and maybe the people who were
most wrong were the professional snipers
who weighed in right after the thing
they said oh let let me tell you how
there's no way this could have happened
on its own this had to be some kind of
an inside plot because there's no way
these professional snipers could be
operating so poorly and so
unprofessionally to which I
said have have you spent 5 minutes in
the real
world have you ever been part of an
organization of highlevel
professionals not as good as you'd think
nope there's no place you can go with
all the highlevel professionals who've
been highly trained and have years of
experience and it's not
stupid every organization is
stupid that's why Dilbert
exists I don't know you know the origin
story for the Dilbert comic I was
working at a bank and everything was you
know crazy and
ridiculous and I just thought well I I
have some bad luck here I got a job at
the craziest most ridiculous business in
the whole world I can solve this by
moving to a different
company you could laugh at me it's okay
I was young I didn't know any better so
here was my brilliant idea I would move
from the bank to the local phone company
at the time Pacific Bell and I wouldn't
have any more of these big company
problems pretty pretty good plan wasn't
it it's so dumb when I think about it
like I literally the problem was I was
young and when you're young you sort of
believe what people tell you because you
haven't se you haven't seen it falsified
yet so I thought well all these big
corporate professional places you know
if I go to a good one I'm not going to
see any management problems they
obviously have the best management the
best employees so you know it's a high-
paid job I mean these are going to be
some really efficient
operations nope so when I got to the
second big company that had nothing to
do with the first company and the
problems
were exactly the same the names were
different you know there were different
acronyms for projects and stuff but it
was all the same and that's how dillbert
was born once I realized that two
completely unrelated companies would
have all the same
dynamics that was the birth of the
dilber comic because
I presumed that it was Universal I
didn't know so it wasn't until the comic
got out there and other people kept
saying You must have a spy at my company
that's when I realized oh yeah it really
is UN ival those so I was right I just
guessed that there was more of it than
the two companies that I had
experienced so now if you thought that
these uh snipers were cracked teams of
professionals who would never make an
easy mistake you haven't spent much time
in the real world I'm
sorry all right we got the drunks coming
in with the all capital letters
all right uh you know everything's
easier on social media when you realize
that the people who writing all caps are
drunk watch so the the trolls will come
in because they always do and and
they'll be in all caps and they'll be
yelling and they'll never they'll never
stop they'll do it all the way through
the show they're just drunk that's
exactly what it
is somebody is writing in all caps check
my YouTube
stream I don't think I
will all
right
um
so uh the Heritage Foundation Economist
um EJ an Tony guess he told Breitbart
News that most of the job growth has
been foreign born workers he says we've
lost 1.2 million jobs among native born
Americans so all of the job gains 1.3
million have gone to foreign born
workers
H
really now I don't know if foreign born
includes if that includes people who are
legal citizens or here legally on green
cards or whatever I don't have a problem
with that that would suggest that there
were jobs that were hard to fill and
skilled people are coming into the
country that's good news
it's good news if we're bringing in
skilled people from other countries uh
but if they are
noncitizens and they're not here legally
and they're taking the jobs that would
be bad so I guess I have an additional
question about
this um we want high quality hardworking
immigrants that's basically the power of
this country it came from exactly that
so we just don't want to do it the
stupid way where he open the border and
let everybody stream in all right ABC um
was going to do a uh debate with Harris
and Trump but Trump said no on ABC
doesn't like them but he wants to do on
Fox News Fox News says yes but Harris
says no so now they have this weird
situation where they both say yes to a
debate but no to a debate because they
only want to do it with their preferred
network um I would think I agree with
Anthony scaramucci who said this is
probably just
negotiating and probably they'll end up
with some kind of debate that's neither
ABC nor Fox News or maybe it's just both
both wouldn't be bad um so I think
there'll be a debate I think that
neither of them can say no to the
debate all right um it's been 13 days I
think JD van said this 13 days since K
Harris did an interview uh well 13 days
since she became the presumptive uh
nominee without doing an interview now
can you really imagine anybody running
for president and two weeks go
by and they haven't sat down for an
interview and there's no other candidate
on their side how do you explain that
there's only one
explanation it's exactly what it looks
like her team the Democrats managed to
find the only two candidates in the
world first Biden and then Harris who
can't do what every other candidate in
the world can
do which is talk to the
press the only time there was somebody
else who who couldn't do that was fedman
when he had major medical
problems but even fedman now can
certainly talk to the press any time he
wants to because he's
recovered but how in the world did the
Democrats land on the only two people
who can't have a conversation with a
reporter the most basic thing that a
politician needs to do the only two I
mean have you have you heard of anybody
else who was not qualified to talk to
the press and I think the real problem
is going to be when she talks about
anything that's has to do with energy or
the
economy because I don't think she's good
at explaining things have you ever met
somebody who was very smart but they
couldn't explain things has anybody had
that experience because I think you know
I think K Harris's native intelligence
is probably you know average-ish a
little bit above average maybe um but
there are people who have who are smart
sort of in a general way but absolutely
cannot explain even the simplest thing
you know those people right she seems to
be one of them because I can't tell if
it's a lack of knowledge or that she's
freezing up when she's in some kind of a
tense
situation or what but I'm starting to
think she's one of these people who
can't explain anything and it wouldn't
matter what it was because if you notice
that every time you see her talking word
salad it's always in the context of
trying to to explain something is not
even her opinion when she's just talking
about her opinion she does okay I would
like this I would we shouldn't do this I
like that but when she's trying to
explain to you why her opinion makes
sense or like to to give you a a lay of
the land you know here's our situation
here's how inflation Works off the rails
immediately so if you're a reporter and
you want to send her off the rails ask
her not just her opinion
which would be easy just say can you
explain how the debt works for this
country and then explain how your
policies would pay down the debt that
would be the end of her could Trump do
that yeah it could because he would
 and he would change the he
would change the uh topic if he needed
to but he also knows enough that he
would say stuff like we got to cut
expenses and we're going to boost you
know we're going to boost GDP and stuff
like that now I don't think that's
enough so Trump would be full of
because he doesn't have any plan for the
debt either nobody does it's just way
too big but at least he could Bluff his
way through it and when he was done
you'd say oh well okay he handled the
question well even though it's not a
solution for the debt but can you
imagine con Harris even trying to handle
that just even trying to handle that I
don't think she can do it so the big
issue with her is not what today's polls
look like the big issue is how in the
world is she going to do normal
campaigning I don't think she can do
it so there's a uh another clip going
around in where K Harris is trying to
explain to an audience about cloud
storage and people are laughing because
she sort of acts like the cloud is in
the
sky and so the story that people people
are telling when they're passing around
this video of her doing a bad job of
explaining what uh cloud computing
is how are you missing the bigger
story she's drunk In that
clip you don't see that so people are
sending it around like she's bad at
explaining cloud storage no that's not
what you're seeing you're seeing a
drunk trying to explain something you
tell me that's not drunk or high or
something something yeah I mean I'll
just say drunk but watch the clip again
if you've seen the clip once because
it's all over social media just watch it
a second time and say to
yourself does she look like she's
inebriated and your answer is going to
be yes very yes hard yes it's just if
you're not thinking in those terms you
think maybe it's just a bad explanation
of a technology it's not that she's
clearly and obvious ly
inebriated how in the world are we not
talking about that every day are we just
going to ignore it like Joe
Biden's dementia that we could see for
four years we're we're just going to do
the same thing with the fact
that she's clearly drunk in public a
lot just going to ignore
it now I think the problem is that
you're traditional
news um maybe they don't have you know
evidence so they don't want to accuse
her of something that they can't back up
which would be fine you know if you're
Fox News I don't think you can report it
as news that she's drunk because there's
no no verifiable news but that was hard
to do with Biden too right but we could
all see it we're all looking at it with
a you know with our educated eyes if you
can't tell she's drunk in those videos
you need to talk to a
drunk yeah ask somebody who drinks a lot
they'll they'll fill you in there's
something going on May you know maybe
not alcohol but there's inebriation of
some
kind well there's let's get into the
story about her husband Doug emof uh
allegedly I guess he admitted it so he
did a statement where he he admitted
that this happened that in his first
marriage when the marriage maybe wasn't
going so well he had an affair with was
it his nanny or something
and she got pregnant and did not keep
the baby as far as we know now people
are asking did he pressure a woman to
get an abortion because if he did that
would sort of be bad
for but I'm going to
say I don't
care I don't care I I feel like it would
be
hypocritical to go after the you know
the first husband or whatever the hell
he is for some past you know marriage
and discretion when Trump is the
candidate on the other
side now I get the I get the argument
that if you're going for a character
kind of an argument you need to look at
character on both sides but even then
he's not the
candidate so I'm going to say that I
don't I don't really want to see any
traction on this it's just not where we
need to to be as a country because if
you start eliminating people for stuff
like that you end up with no
politicians
uh I don't think that you quite
understand how many high-end politicians
are having
Affairs if you knew the actual
percentage of let's say elected Federal
officials who are in these basically the
highest sex city in the world Washington
DC and uh surrounded all the time by
people who might want to get with you to
improve their their
careers I just assume if you if you
start looking at their sex lives it's
all going to be bad so I'd rather just
say can you do the job and you know
whatever you're doing on your own time
just go do that in your own time I I
can't I just can't get excited about
that element of any of this so Doug good
luck to
you hope you do okay on
this well let's talk about Trump's
strategy uh some smart Consultants who
Republicans say that Trump should be
just talking about
economics that's pretty solid advice
meaning that the only people who matter
are
Independents you know the the hardcore
Democrats have decd Ed and the hardcore
Republicans have decided and they're not
going to change their minds so you got
some Independence Independents
do do get influenced by the better
economic argument and Trump has the
better
argument um so do you think it's true
that he made a mistake this is what some
would say when he question the uh the
identity of Harris is she black woman or
is she indianamerican
and uh that business that he did at the
black journalist event well here's my
take I think it was the right play and
it worked so Trump never has to go back
there again he never has to bring it up
again he could but he doesn't have to
and if you've seen interviews with
people you've probably seen some women
who said oh my God look at him
disrespecting those women on that stage
he's so mean to women bring up all this
racist
stuff
right uh and then you see black men have
you seen any of the interviews with
black men do you know what the black men
say well you know he's got a point she's
not really
black now of course there there are
great differences in both the black and
the white or both the black male and
female opinions so their opinions of
course are all over the place they're
not they're not hardened in wonder or
the other but I think you're going to
see a pretty big difference between the
male and female opinion of what happened
at the black uh journalist event I think
the women saw something like a bully and
so they're just going to react in purely
negative ways and I think the men saw
somebody talking back to that that
they wish they had said something to and
I think that they're also saying you
know you have a good point if identity
is going to be our main argument as a
Democrat it's identity identity identity
I think it's fair to say that her
identity doesn't match
anybody's that's my opinion kamla
Harris's identity doesn't match
anybody she's not black she's not Indian
she's both black and Indian and maybe
something else who knows and I've never
met one like her in my whole life I've
not I I was trying to think if I'd ever
met anybody who was both black and
indian-american I can't think of one and
this goes back to my point that
everybody is infinitely different from
everybody else the moment you say she's
one of me you know then you want to
support her hey she's like me but we're
not we're all just so different there's
not a single person like her who is you
brought up in America part black
Jamaican you know even to add a little
extra flavor and and I think the you
know obviously there's nothing wrong
with either of those things right so so
there's nothing wrong with being black
there's nothing wrong with being
indian-american
obviously but why can't she just be the
one person who's
both why does she have to choose one see
that's the problem the the problem that
bothers me is that she's being forced to
choose an identity that's not her
identity she's not exactly just black
and she's not just indianamerican
she's both of those things so why can't
that be her identity why does it have to
be you know somebody's got to be like
her so the trouble is that if you if you
acknowledge that she's unique there's
just nobody like her she's the only one
I know of that I've ever even heard of
really I've never even heard of that
combination before
so if you see a black man in a barber
shop there was just recently some video
like that where the black men said yeah
I'm not so sure she's black like like we
are that seems fair to
me and I think it could make a
difference so I think that uh Trump
angered Democrat women but they weren't
going to vote for him anyway and I think
black Democrat men said you know it's
not the worst argument that the identity
question needs to be so sort of down and
you should understand what it is so I
think Trump actually won I I think there
the people that could be persuaded maybe
were a little bit and the people who
couldn't be persuaded just got extra mad
which cost him nothing a little extra
mad of the people who were mad already
nothing it was free I think this was
this was free money I think he picked up
free money and I think it completely
worked that's my take now should he talk
about uh economics more yes but he put
that out there and it can never get back
you know you can't put that toothpaste
back in the tube so that will just live
out there forever he never has to bring
it up again it'll just be a forever
topic and do its
work well Frank Lun says that the uh
question that would take down KL Harris
would be can you if you were talking to
Citizens can you name one thing she
accomplished as Vice vice
president
however um I don't think anybody would
care what were Barack Obama's
accomplishments before they voted for
him for
president a
junior junior senator who hadn't done
anything so I don't think that I think
Franklin is completely
wrong that the Democrats have no
interest whatsoever in her
accomplishments
and even if you know they make up some
or they don't make up some I don't think
it makes any difference I think they're
voting for somebody that represents the
policies they want and that's the end of
the story you could put anybody in her
place and they'd have about the same
same
support so I disagree I think it's going
to be about how we feel about things
more than any logic about what she
accomplished so it looks like this Josh
Shapiro the governor of Pennsylvania
might it's not official yet right but it
looks like he'll be the choice for vice
president but uh Jack bobic and Mike
Benz were talking about it um on video I
think Jack was hosting that
and it was Friday's episode of human
events daily and they were discussing
apparently there was some case when
joshiro was he must have been in some
kind of district attorney role role I
don't know his background exactly but
there was a case of a woman who um was
ruled a
suicide uh and she was Ellen Greenberg
and she was 27 and she was stabbed 20
times and died and um 10 of the times
she was stabbed were in the front 10 in
the back and two of the stab wounds came
after she was already
dead so the coroner of course labeled it
a homicide because how in the world do
you stab yourself in the back 10 times
and how do you stab yourself twice after
you're already
dead so pretty clear case
of obviously
obviously and so it's obviously murder
but it turns out that uh Josh Shapiro
was signed off on it being changed uh
the opinion changed to suicide
suicide now I don't know which facts
about this story are
true you know I'd wait a little bit but
suppose the basic facts were true that
she was stabbed all those times and a
lot of them were in the back and two of
them were after she died if those facts
are true then Josh Shapiro covered up a
murder and knew
it he would actually be accessory to the
the crime wouldn't he if you knowingly
covered up a murder when it was your job
to do the
opposite aren't you accessory to the
crime in some way like isn't covering it
up pretty bad crime itself so although
it seems that Philadelphia is a totally
rigged city um we do have a vice
president who would have some uh good
old blackmail on them and does it seem
like a coincidence to you that every
time somebody seems acceptable to be a
major leader they're easily blackmail or
they look like they would
be I I've got a feeling that he was
selected because he knows how
Philadelphia and Pennsylvania can cheat
in
elections I think he's a designated
cheater for
Pennsylvania that's what I think that he
might be connected to a machine that
does some cheating
now if you're new to my podcast here's
my take on the cheating by the way Trump
is going hard in his last rally saying
about 2020 was obviously cheated have
you noticed that it's easier to say that
in public
now do you know what
changed what change was about a hundred
different stories about uh cheating that
was detected in various elections now
none of them were big enough and
confirmed by Court to reverse 2020 but
we have been had a steady stream of well
you know this this wasn't right and you
know these names shouldn't be on the
list and they haven't cleaned up their
voter roles and they do seem to be
registering people who are non-citizens
at least going to get mail them a ballot
and wow it seems like a lot of the
ballots that were mailed in had the same
home address and on and on and on and on
so here's my take and it's the strongest
take on this I don't know if the 2020 or
any other election was ever rigged what
I do know is if it's
not if our elections are not rigged
routinely it would be the biggest
surprise in the world why because I
think it's possible to rre them and the
rewards for doing it would be enormous
and the people who do that sort of thing
are in fact involved in our domestic
politics which is the CIA so if the CIA
never did anything that was internally
focused if we knew that the intelligence
units had never done an op on American
soil then I'd say well the people who
would be so well trained to rig an
election you know the really ones who
really know how to do it right uh they
don't even work in the United States so
you don't have to worry about it they're
not really focused here but we watched
the intelligence people um do the laptop
up we watched them do do the Russia
collusion op so we don't have to wonder
if our intelligence Assets in the United
States have turned their Weaponry on the
domestic situation they have it's all
confirmed in a number of different ways
and they do it with you know Mike Ben
tells the story the best but uh you know
there are all these NOS that are funded
and they can use European entities to
influence businesses in the United
States so basically there's an entire
web set up for the intelligence units of
the United States to control domestic
everything from domestic news to
everything so if we don't have rigged
elections it would be the weirdest thing
because they of course have an interest
in rigging the election a big interest
gigantic interest they have so they have
the
ability they have the ability it's legal
apparently or legal
enough and they have an incentive
in what situation ever have you seen in
where there's a huge incentive to cheat
there's the ability to cheat and get
away with it and you have lots of time
so that if you wanted to do something
bad even if you didn't get it done this
election well you got four more years to
get ready for the next one how in the
world with that
setup can the elections be
real I don't even know if it's an option
if if you just just said on paper let me
just describe the situation here all
right you're an alien from another
planet here's the situation the who wins
the election is of the greatest greatest
import like billionaires can make
another billion and Wars will be fought
and you know economies will be destroyed
or helped based on who gets elected it's
the biggest biggest biggest benefit if
you could rig
it how about the ability well we've got
a whole industry people our intelligence
people who know how to rig elections
because they do it in other countries
are those other countries so different
from America that none of those
techniques would work
here I think they would work here we
have machines we have mailin ballots
it's all the it's all you need
really so do I have any specific
accusations about machines or companies
or entities no I do not but that's why
they do it the the reason that our
intelligence people can meddle in other
elections is that they are pretty
confident they can get away with it even
if they get caught so even if they get
caught they'll be like oh
well what are you going to do about it
so that's the current situation even if
they all got caught it would be well
what are you going to do about it the
news I'll tell the news to say you
didn't get we didn't get caught and then
the news would say nobody got caught and
you would say I just saw it but I just
where's that story it's gone now well
I'm going to Google that story and I
going to prove wait the story's
gone so they can disappear any story
they can reframe any story with their
immediate dominance they have a huge
incentive to do it no downside
whatsoever and lots of time and infinite
money how is it not rigged you can't
even tell the story where it would sound
not laughable that under those
conditions we would have a like a you
know a good election with no doubt
whatsoever so I I'm going to double down
and say that uh I think that our
elections will not produce a
winner it will produce a result that is
doubted by one side no matter which way
it goes the other side will say it was
rigged so it looks like we'll have a
president who's not elected by the
people because I guess then goes to the
house right and then the house would
pick Trump because there are more states
that are
Republican and then Trump would be
considered an illegitimate president
because the Democrats would say he
rigged the election somehow and then
they would have uh organized protests
that the intelligence units would
organize and make it look like they're
normal and cities will
burn so I expect cities will be on fire
for much of the Trump term if he were to
win but I don't think there's much
chance it can happen because if they do
control the election they're going to
make sure he doesn't
win let's talk about Venezuela which
can't be that different from the United
States but uh you know how the United
States and the opposition that um at
least on paper
lost uh they're saying that they won by
a major Landslide and that Madura stole
it do you know what sources they're
looking at and what sources the United
States is looking at to determine that
the election was
rigged they're looking at sources that
the United States pays so the United
States funds some
people that said the election was rigged
and then the United States says look
these independent people over here say
that election was rigged except that
they're not independent they're funded
by the people who want to hear what they
have to say and they want to say the
right thing it turns out that there is
one um maybe independent polling
firm that says the
opposite so there's a independent
polling fir that is not paid for by the
United
States I don't know who does pay for it
but independent would mean maybe not
Maduro but you can never be
sure um and that says that madur D1 fair
and
square now I don't know so I would say
that this is one of those situations
where you can't trust anything the
United States says about the election
because the United States has been very
transparent about working on
overthrowing the country so why would
you believe anything they said about
it and then why would you think that we
would overthrow Venezuela so obviously
and so transparent ly and that we
wouldn't do the same thing or the same
people wouldn't do the same thing in the
United States of course they would
whatever it is that drives them to do in
Venezuela is 10 times stronger to do it
in the United States because you need to
control your environment especially if a
lot of resources are involved that's the
United States so of course they're going
to
try well here's a report uh from some
Auditors so Ed Sovereign Americans
whoever they are they followed the
lawsuit against multiple States uh this
is the Gateway pundits reporting this
and this group found that according to
them 29 million voter registrations that
need to be removed explained or
adjudicated meaning that it would be
people who maybe had the wrong address
or there was a typo in the address or
something so there could be lots of
different reasons not all of them are
evil uh but 29 million questionable
regist
registrations is that enough to change
an
election yeah like by a lot that's
plenty if if these were all illegal
voters and most of them ended up voting
Democrat yeah that's enough to rig an
election it's all you need right
there
so let's talk about
Iran uh has anything happened in the
last 20 minutes as Iran bombed is
so I know Hezbollah had been sending a
bunch of rockets into a a city in Israel
but the Iron Dome was doing its job I
guess these were kind of lowquality
rockets someone else said that the
reason there were so many
lowquality missiles being fired at
Israel is that Israel would use up its
anti-missile defense on the lowquality
ones and then they would also learn more
about where the defense is and where
it's working and not working and then
they would use their highquality
missiles so the thingy is that you know
tviv might be very close to a major
missile
attack uh that you know at least would
have some chance of getting through the
Iron Dome and there reports today that
GPS is being jammed in Tel Aviv which
would be an indication that Israel
expects missiles or drones that use GPS
and it's expecting them any moment
that's why they're jamming GPS so it
could go down very
quickly so Trump was in uh did a rally
in Georgia and he inexplicably but I
guess we understand why went after the
Govern Governor Kemp who is a republican
so you don't expect Trump to go after a
republican this hard but he went after
him for not being supportive when he was
when Trump had been questioning the 2020
election but not being supportive now I
guess he's not endorsing Trump and so
Trump went after him he said he's a bad
guy he's disloyal he's just an average
Governor you could do better and then
some people said Trump why are you going
after
Republicans and then I said because it
works that's why you do it you do it
because it works do do you think he
hasn't noticed that that
works Trump's endorsement or lack of
endorsement of a candidate is pretty
powerful and he does make a big deal
about loyalty you know look you're
either a Republican or you're not you
should be loyal if you are and I think
his loyalty
argument which can be kind of
off-putting if you're watching it from
the other party you're like whoa sounds
like a dictator he just wants
loyalty uh but I think it's a strong
play especially among men among men
loyalty has I I hate to to say this but
has a deeper meaning than it does to
women uh loyalty in a political sense
has just more meaning to men I think
we're just designed that way and I think
it
works yeah I I think if Trump can get
people who are more supportive of his
campaign and he can depress people who
are against him that's part of his job
so I don't I don't care that he Praises
people who likes him and goes after
people who don't support
them seems fair to
me all right here's a uh I did a test um
well I I posted this yesterday I asked
people to see how long it takes from the
time they turn on MSNBC to detect the
lie and then somebody said to me but
Scott why don't you try the same thing
with Fox News Fox News tells Li too so I
thought to myself I will do that I'll do
CNN MSNBC and Fox News and I'll just
randomly this is not a science of course
no science here but I'll just randomly
turn them on and I'll see how long
before I hear a lie so I started with
CNN and within 30 seconds one of the
guests said that Trump lied about the
2020 election results that's a
lie because what we know is that Trump
thought that they were rigged and then
and he said he believed they were rigged
is that a
lie it's not a lie at worst he's wrong
but you couldn't know one way or the
other so do you think there's anybody
who works as CNN or is invited in CNN as
a guest Who would know if State actors
had cleverly rigged an election in ways
we couldn't tell no the only thing you
can know is that Trump makes a claim
that cannot be tracked positively or
negatively
right so it's a lie to say that he's
lying about the election because that
would assume that you know for sure that
the election was not rigged which is not
knowable that's a lie so CNN failed
within 30 seconds a guest told a lie
that wasn't checked by the
host so then I turned on uh
MSNBC and they were going to break so
they they went a good 30 seconds with
lie but then as they went to break they
said and when we'll be back Alexander
vinman will be here to fact check
Trump now I didn't come back but do you
think Alexander vinman is going to tell
the truth about Trump there's no chance
for
that there's there's not the slightest
chance he's going to tell the truth
so they did make it 30 seconds but only
because they went to
commercial then I went to Fox News and I
thought all right let's be fair you know
I'm sure somebody on Fox News is going
to say some and I'm going to
say all right you know you got me there
it is it's you know it's everybody's
doing it and I turned it on and it was a
somebody talking about a bill they were
introducing um to end Sanctuary
cities and it was just somebody talking
about the bill and I'm waiting for the
lie
didn't see
one now I'm not going to claim that Fox
News has never told you something that
didn't check out that would be dumb
because all the news stations get stuff
wrong they all have some you know
elements of bias that's just universally
true but there's nothing like
MSNBC MSNBC is only lies all day long
and when I say only lies I mean really
100% of what they say about Trump is
either the wrong context or just a
Flatout
lie and CNN is somewhere in the middle
and and Fox News at least does a much
better job of separating its news from
its opinion so to me that gets
differently here's a lawfare update I
don't even remember what this was Judge
Tanya
chuckin uh has uh let's see she's back
on the case for the federal election
interference case and uh maybe maybe the
marago boxes or something and uh she's
denied Trump's uh motion to dismiss the
case based on selective and vindictive
prosecution chucken found no evidence
that prosecutors abused their Authority
or behaved vindictively really really
there's no evidence of
that so it's been denied so I guess that
uh there'll be some kind of hearing
coming up on that
anyway so I'm just so tired of the
lawfare stuff because I really think
none of it's legitimate and I also think
that Trump's lawyers now know how to
stall anything until after the election
so I don't know not not too worried
about it axios is reporting that uh
bunch of researchers in Europe say that
there could be a Tipping Point well
there is they say there is a Tipping
Point and that we might be getting
closer to it
on the climate meaning that we'd reach
such a point that everything goes off
the rails it's just like suddenly you
hit that point where everything falls
apart because it's too hot and uh here's
what they said there's a 45% chance of
triggering one or more tipping points by
the year
2300 by the year
2300 now those of you who've been with
me for a while do I need to explain to
you that there's no science that can
predict something to the year
2300 are you kidding me and this
made it into the news the news is so
stupid here here's what here's how this
should have been handled hey I've got a
story about some researchers who made a
prediction for the year
2300 oh well you and go away
what this is an important story it's
about climate change and what will
happen in the year 2300 you you're
an idiot go away but it's coming from
researchers important researchers who do
science and stuff and they say with
their numbers and their calculations and
their percentages that by 2300 there's a
45% chance that they will be a Tipping
Point you go away nobody can
predict anything thing in the year 2300
nothing
nothing if if you if you needed my help
on this one you haven't been paying
attention nobody could predict the
future it used to be my job to predict
the future and and everybody knew that a
three-year prediction was the only thing
you could sell you know beyond that
everybody would laugh but even everybody
knew the threeyear was it's
just that you had to do some kind of
analysis but you didn't want to do it
Beyond three years because then
everybody would laugh at you and say
come on you can't guess five years in
the future nobody can do
that so now guessing to the year
2300 absolutely
ridiculous let's talk about project 2025
as you know the Trump campaign has been
trying to slap it down because it has
some uh policy recommend ations that
Trump does not embrace the best example
is that abortion pill the project 2025
people want it to be illegal federally
illegal everywhere Trump does not want
it to be
illegal so the project 2025 people would
want to do something that basically
tells women what they can do with their
bodies Trump has said nope I'm not going
to tell you what you can do with your
body is that a small deal or a big deal
to me that's a really really big deal
because one of the strongest messages on
the left is that the Republicans want to
control your body Trump is very
aggressively saying the opposite no I'm
not going to do anything with that drug
no the states get to decide if you have
abortion I'm out so Trump wants to have
nothing to do with telling anybody what
to do with their body he doesn't want
the vaccinations to be mandatory he
wants it to be an option he doesn't want
uh abortion to be uh made illegal at the
federal level he wants the states to
work it out he doesn't want the abortion
pill to be
banned again I assume states can work it
out so project 2025 would sort of
accidentally brand Trump with some
pressure to ban this abortion pill which
would be hugely bad for his political
prospects hugely bad because it just
paints a Target on his back that isn't
even his Target it's not even his
policy
so the push back on this and I've seen
some smart people pushing back Molly
Hing way Mike cernovich Etc thinking
that maybe the Trump campaign's push
back of this project 2025 thing and
trying to dance on his grave is really
bad and the argument would be that these
are loyal people who could be on your
staff maybe in the future and you're
you're making the your most loyal
employees
um maybe not like you as much as they
should I disagree with all of
that um but I'm open to the fact that I
might be missing something in the story
because I think both Molly Hemingway and
cernovich are closer to the Personnel
question
so I'm not as close so I'll speak with
my level of
knowledge you cannot have somebody who's
making a big noise about political
policy when somebody else has different
opinions and is running for president at
the same time that's the end of the
conversation if you say to me but but
but Scott the the loyal and good
employees that Trump has are working on
that project I say well they're not very
loyal they're not very smart I wouldn't
want them anywhere near me that they've
proven that they should not be working
on the campaign if they're pushing the
2025 thing which is nothing but problems
for
Trump we got another drunk here in all
caps LOL Scott tell us about all the
pharmer stock you bought before you
pushed
lockdowns I didn't push
lockdowns I did didn't push any any
drugs and I didn't own any stocks except
in index
funds so I'll assume you're
drunk and I'll assume that you will
continue yelling like a drunk because
that's what drunks
do he'll be back in a
moment so the fact that none of that is
even remotely close to anything that
I've done or said or thought will that
stop a
drunk no I think you'll be back in a
moment all right so um to me there's
a it's just a firing offense let me put
it this way if the people involved with
project 2025 were doing that as part of
their uh let's say indirect application
for working in the
administration I would say that that's a
firing
offense I wouldn't want somebody working
in my Administration who is behind the
project 2025 thing because if you didn't
understand how how damaging this was to
Republicans I wouldn't want you in my
Administration the the minimum you'd
need to know is that the president's in
charge of what the policy ideas are it's
just the minimum if you don't know that
you shouldn't be anywhere near the
campaign now that
said there there could be bad hires in
the Trump administration
too uh there could be yeah so you don't
want to get too many rhinos I guess and
stuff but uh no the people who pushed a
confusing message in the middle of a
campaign at a critical time that is not
an application for a job that's an
application to not get a
job all right
uh apparently Judicial
Watch is filed some kind of Foya request
lawsuit to find out um how the CIA was
connected to the January 6 event because
there are some kind of Records where the
CIA was involved with maybe looking at
the pipe bombs or something uh but my
question is this is there any such thing
as a legal process that a citizen or
Judicial Watch could do that would get
the CIA to admit what they
do can't the CIA just say h we don't
tell you what we
do wouldn't that be legal is the CIA
obligated to give up their secrets if
somebody just files a Freedom of
Information Act to me there's something
in this story missing it seems like you
wouldn't be able to do that if the
entire point of the CIA is that nobody
knows knows what they're doing including
America so even though they would be
doing something domestically which
potentially could have been illegal I
can't see any way that they're going to
just talk about what they
do so I can't imagine that
working but Judicial Watch obviously
knows more than I do about this process
so I assume they know what they're doing
I just hard to imagine that would make
any difference that they would give up
their secrets even if it was a domestic
stuff and even if it was stuff they
shouldn't have been
doing project 2025 has been around has
not was not introduced during the
campaign um that's probably a true fact
of no
importance it became a thing during the
campaign they promoted it during the
campaign it wouldn't matter when they
started it it acts like it's
new all right that's about all I got
now um yeah Foy is going to be denied
for national security reasons I just
assume that's what'll happen it'll be
denied for national security
reasons are there any more drunks in the
comments who would like to um out
themselves by yelling in all caps the
drunk did come back by the way and just
yelled the same thing again
I like our drunk all caps
people yeah the
Olympics you know what is interesting is
uh you know I mock the Olympics as
something I wouldn't want to
watch
um oh oh here's something interesting oh
I can't show it to you I was watching U
badman in the Olympics singles it was
one person playing one other person and
I couldn't tell the
genders so I'm watching the the Badman
I'm like I think that's a male player
but could be female could have been born
one thing and there now another thing I
couldn't tell I has that ever been true
in the Olympics before that you would
watch a player in the middle of the
competition you like I'm not sure am I
watching the women's bad men or the
men's Badman
it took a
while I think it was the men's bad men
but I'm not
positive all right I'm just looking to
see what other topics
you're yeah the uh the Turkish Olympic
shooter uh got a lot of attention he was
a guy who just smoked cigarettes
and hey our drunk is back Prince mombo
the drunk
he's just hitting that repeat button w
w probably a 4chan
believer
um how about cartel's pedo I don't know
about that have you heard the number
that there are 85,000 missing children
who came across the border
is that a real
number because when that number is used
it's like oh 85,000 kids got sold into
sexual some kind of thing but I think
the 85,000 just means that they came in
through Asylum or something and we don't
know where they are doesn't mean
anything's wrong with
them could be I mean I I don't want to
minimize it but the 85,000 number is
just how many we don't have accounted
for it doesn't mean they're trafficked
yep I think some uh reporters need to
ask the Democrats what they mean by
taking away your
freedom can you believe that we've
gotten to this point in the campaign and
nobody has asked uh Biden or Harris what
do you mean by taking away your freedom
like what what would be some examples or
where somebody's taking away your
freedom because if they answer the
question they're going to say well and
then they're going to mention some
things in the 2025 document and then the
reporter would say okay but those are
not part of Trump's policies he's
actually opposed to those things here
here's the thing that the left doesn't
understand but Trump can't say out
loud but I
can Republicans are
scary if you're only looking at the the
uh most conserv ative group among them
they're kind of scary to the rest of
America now just as the far-left is
scary to the rest of America right the
extremes on both sides are pretty scary
to the rest of America
Trump moderates
Republicans I used to think Republicans
were it's it's got to be in my Bible and
I want lots of
Wars that's how I thought of Republicans
it's got to be compatible with my Bible
that's the end of the story and we got
to have big Wars because we need those
big Wars Trump is
anti-war and has found a pretty
reasonable or at least defensible
position on
abortion so it's a non-religious
position if it were religious he would
probably also want to ban it completely
but since he doesn't take a religious
point to it he's he's more of a
practical sense
make sure it's compatible with the
system make sure the states set up their
own laws um I think Trump is a
moderating force for
Republicans which ironically is exactly
what Democrats would
want let me put it this way if you're a
Democrat would you rather have Rasheed T
you know president or somebody who's as
left as she is which is K Harris or
would you have rather have somebody who
makes
Republicans closer to the
middle if you're a
Democrat what's best for you is watching
Republicans move to the
middle that's what Trump does so they're
getting what they would most want which
is the other side
changing think about
it it so so Republicans would like
Democrats to
change right but they're they're
changing and going more extreme so
Democrats are moving further from the
middle which nobody's in favor of even
even normal Democrats are not in favor
of
that so if suddenly there were some
candidate that emerged like a a Bill
Clinton for example if Bill Clinton or
somebody like him were the candidate I
might be backing him do you know
why because Bill Clinton wasn't a super
Democrat he
was he was a
moderate and he moved Democrats to the
middle Trump moves Republicans to the
middle if you can find anybody who can
move either side to the
middle that's usually good for the
country hey we got our other drunk
back Mr Fart guy in all
caps always always extra drunk
little extra drunk
today all
right uh except he was a
rapist well you know let me let me say
uh what I've said
before which
is every every important male figure has
fake
charges some presumably are
real we can't tell the
difference
so I I've just decided not to count it
because if you can take out every man by
saying he's been accused of a sex crime
then no man can ever be in charge of
anything ever because it will always be
a fake accusation if it works so to me
if it's not proven in a court of law and
I I'm not counting a civil suit but if
it's not proven in account of La in in a
court uh I'm not going to count it
doesn't mean it didn't happen what it
means is I can't tell and so I'm going
to do Presumed Innocent for Citizens but
not for
governments so
candidates uh even though they may have
done something
terrible um I'd rather say I don't know
for sure it's the same thing with
Harris you know I hear people trying to
make something of the fact that she you
know may have uh leverage her
relationship with Willie Brown to which
I say
so so what everybody's everybody uses
every leverage they can
get as long as it's legal if it were
legal for her to be in a relationship
with somebody who could help her with
her career and then it happened so what
that's just the way everything works
that's just so ordinary it doesn't she
she's either qualified for this job or
she's not has nothing to do with how she
got here I don't care now that she's
here you can say but where are
qualifications that's that's a perfectly
good
question but I think it's all about
uh my my drunk is trying another
approach have another
drink hit that
bottle she's always been appointed never
elected yeah those are good points but
if she gets elected this time that's all
that
matters
uh department store rape also charged
your
dentist all right I'm just looking at
your comments I think we're done here
I'm going to go talk to the locals
people privately thanks for joining on X
and
Rumble uh and
YouTube and uh locals subscribers I'm
coming to you
privately in one
minute
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for