um bum bum bum ba ba ba ba buh
buh-buh-buh bum bum bum bum bum oh hey I
didn't see you there
good to see you all I was just doing a
little colluding with Russia this is the
Russian language version of wind bingley
I just got this in the mail now for
those of you who don't speak the Russian
language let me translate what this says
here and I'm not really great with
languages so I think I'm this is
approximately right what this says is
now I'll say that again is blah blah
blah blah I think that's right correct
translation and this is how they spell
my name that's Scott algorithms I
believe now it was not my idea to
include a black fist on the cover that
was apparently a Russian idea I did not
collude on that I could have colluded
but I did not collude but speaking of
collusion that makes me think of this
simultaneous zip how about we all do a
little colluding right now collude with
me now on the simultaneous F all you
need you know all you need is a cup or a
mug or a glasses snifter stein cellist
anchor thermos flask amp team grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me down for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine of the day the
thing that made everything better
the simultaneous epic oh oh yeah
simultaneity it's the best well I woke
up this morning and there's news there's
news all over the place so let's talk
about that news so after watching
Horowitz testify yesterday I have the
following revisions in my opinion
well revisions and additions to group
number one if you didn't watch
Horowitz's testimony and when he was at
answering questions damn that guy is a
good communicator you will rarely see
somebody as clear and as crisp as
Horowitz he is got a good communication
game so he gives me confidence simply
because he was so good at you know
handling the testimonies and stuff the
questioning he gives me confidence
because he seemed like a real straight
shooter very capable guy so that part's
good I like to call out the good news
when we see it but here's what I took
away from it
I had argued that you could not you
could not eliminate the possibility that
the so-called 17 errors that were made
that coincidentally were all in the same
direction I said you can't eliminate the
possibility that it's just normal errors
even the fact that they're all in the
same direction would not be that unusual
but and I'll say a little bit more about
that in a minute but but I say horrid
Horowitz was asked essentially his
opinion of whether it could be a
coincidence that there were so many
opinions in the same direction
he didn't directly answer the question
but he made it clear in the way he
answers the question that he couldn't
imagine any other explanation than
intention in other words it seems that
there's
there's no way you could get to all of
those errors in the same direction
unless people intended to do it now when
it's intended does that mean what does
that mean does it mean that there was a
conspiracy which they all got together
and they said hey we're gonna get rid of
this president it could that that
possibility has not been eliminated from
the option set maybe Durham will say
more about that confirming or
eliminating that possibility but I would
suggest that there's a possibility that
has not been stated so I'm going to
stain it for you so remember the two
possibilities are that nothing really
happened and that everything that
Horowitz found falls into the category
of sloppy work things you wish didn't
happen but no great conspiracy because
there was a reason for the investigation
and you know there were mistakes made
but the basic reason for the
investigation was sound so the Democrats
would say well there's not much there
and certainly there's nothing like a
conspiracy that's been found I have to
add the it's been found Bart
then the other theory the opposite is
that there is a deep state conspiracy
the insurance policy the text the
obvious bias against the president
there's 17 mistakes all in the same
direction there's no way that that can
be anything but a conspiracy but is
there anything in the middle is there
anything between normal mistakes just
people doing their job and a conspiracy
to overthrow the governments and I would
say that there is and let me explain in
the middle the middle place the middle
place looks like this you had your fake
news media telling the world that the
elected President Trump was the next
Hitler
and according to the news only these
were legitimate sources of news at least
the opinion people on those news shows
were literally telling the the public
there's something as dangerous as Hitler
actually Hitler and his name was used
over and over again by the by his
critics so the fake news convinced the
entire country including people at the
FBI that Hitler had just got elected or
was about to get elected or could get
elected now if you were in the FBI and
you thought that was true how would you
act in each of the individual decisions
that maybe could go either way
well certainly if there's a gray area
and you think well there's certainly not
much evidence of any Russia collusion
but how much would it take to convince
you to look into it if you had been told
by the fake news they Hitler had just
come to office well what you would
probably do is you would act on your
legitimate belief that you were saving
the country and so when you say to
yourself what were all these actions
intentional I think the weight of yeah
the weight of odds and evidence is that
it would at least most of it was
intentional so if the acts were
intentional does that tell you enough
well it depends why they did it so even
if they even if all the actions were
intentional all the breaking of the
rules all the falsifying of the the FISA
applications if all of it was
intentional you still have to ask a
second question why now if it was just
about power and keeping their jobs well
that's pretty bad that's as bad as
against but what if the FBI was just as
brainwashed as the rest of the country I
thought that there was a genuine
risk to the republic and civilization as
a whole does that look the same I would
argue no number of people have
challenged me on that and said Scott
Scott SOT it's the FBI the FBI doesn't
act on rumors and news reports the FBI
acts on evidence and if they needed to
know if something was true or not true
they would go and investigate it and
they get evidence so the FBI unique
among people would not be influenced by
the fake news and Scott Scott Scott what
are you thinking to which I say the FBI
are human beings if you want to know how
susceptible the FBI is to being
brainwashed or to simply being human
look at their seventeen errors
they're very human look at their text
messages their text messages are very
human and the text messages clearly
indicate Trump derangement syndrome so
here's my filter on it I say the fake
news created Trump derangement syndrome
that affected everybody including the
FBI the FBI did not personally
investigate every claim from the fake
news it wasn't their job to do so they
absorbed it just like everybody else in
the public they they sort of believed
the things they were they were primed to
believe and they sided with their team
and thought that you you know you've got
some problem to the entire world
so Durham might still change my opinion
and all of our opinions with more
information but I would say the most
likely explanation is that it was people
acting mostly independently in some
cases you know they may have had
conversations but mostly independently
and all having the same thought
we must stop orange Hillier so the real
villain here in my opinion is the fake
news the fake news brainwash people
into thinking they had to stop Orrin
chiller and the FBI or at least some of
them probably thought it was their job
to do it so that's my belief now I know
before the dumb people pile in and say
Scott Scott Scott
you can't excuse the FBI for what they
did did you hear me excusing them did he
hear that now in this world if you
commit a crime it doesn't matter why you
did it if you do something wrong kind of
doesn't matter why it doesn't matter
what your internal thoughts were you're
still responsible if you have good
thoughts but you commit a crime you
still go to jail so I'm not defending
anybody I'm not excusing anybody I'm
telling you where the problem probably
originated and the problem originated in
my view of the world my filter of the
world with the faint news and the faint
news I believe brought people including
members of the FBI including everybody
else to a place where they would do
things they would not normally consider
appropriate look at the impeachment
process are all of the Democrats
involved in the impeachment process are
they all crazy probably not look at all
the Democrats who want to impeach the
president no matter what he's done
they're just gonna keep throwing a Peach
Pit Adam they wanted to do it on day one
do they seem like they have that they're
that they're acting rationally now so if
you could observe very clearly that the
professionals in Congress are not acting
in any way that they would normally act
because they're just all about the
impeachment no matter the evidence
that's not normal why would the FBI be
excluded from being just as brainwashed
so that's my current take subject to
being revised so the FBI certainly fail
hard on this but let us talk about these
17 errors somebody said to me on Twitter
he said if you roll a die so one one
pair one part of a pair of dice 17 times
and it always comes up with an even
number wouldn't you be able to
reasonably conclude that the die was
biased or fixed is that a good point is
it a good point that if you were turn
you know if you had dice and he rolled
them 17 times and it came up even every
time wouldn't you conclude there was
something wrong with the dice yes you
would yeah reasonably you would there's
a one in a hundred thousand chance it
was chance now is that a good point no
it's a terrible point
it's a terrible point in fact if you
read my book when if you read my book
loser think the new one you will see
that I have a whole section on that
about why this sort of thing is a
terrible point here's why it's not nice
whatever the FBI was doing it's not nice
you can't use a dice analogy that has
one variable basically you know what is
the physics of the of the dice you can't
compare that to human beings in this
complicated system it's all different
variables here's what I would imagine
would be true with the 17 mistakes and
here are the questions you should at
least ask if we know that 99.9 I think
ninety-nine point seven percent of all
FISA applications are approved what
would that tell you about the likely
accuracy of all of the FISA applications
in general doesn't that tell you that
they're fake or some large percentage of
them are doesn't that tell you that the
whole process is broken not just the the
time that the FBI was working on this
one case I think you could generalize
and say that the FISA process was
completely broken and I would imagine
if you were to look at every application
you would find omissions you at the very
least you would find that exculpatory
stuff had been left out of other
applications so how unusual is it that
somebody exaggerated their case to make
sure that their FISA application goes
through on the first try I don't know if
I had to guess fairly common
how about the error there were other
errors that go into the category of not
double-checking so in other words they
there was an internal process they
should have been done somebody should
have double-checked something and it
didn't happen multiple times if you were
to look at all the things that the FBI
does all the other cases how often would
you find that they were skipping a
normal procedure I'm guessing a lot I'm
guessing it happens all the time
wouldn't you I mean do you really think
that the FBI is doing banging up perfect
work on everything else and and it just
happened to be the one thing we looked
at closely had a bunch of mistakes I
doubt it so here's my thing
if Horowitz is convinced because he's
looked at the details of these 17
mistakes he indicated fairly clearly
that it's not his job to read their
minds so he can't tell you what anybody
was thinking and I agree with that it's
not his job nobody has that ability and
he said that they didn't find any
documents that say that you know
indicates their state of mind and any
clear way and nobody testified that it
was anything but mistakes so Horowitz
basically couldn't conclude more than
the powers of his office he couldn't
read minds and he couldn't say more than
the evidence suggests but he also very
clearly indicated that there's no way
that this could be anything but
intentional I would still say that of
these 17 things that all went the same
direction
probably
could be explained by the fact that all
the fisa applications are exaggerated
you know that that processes are
routinely skipped if somebody in charge
thinks is not that important this time
so I doubted 17th but still I'll go with
Horowitz that you can't imagine that it
was anything but intentional but
intentional still leaves you lots of
room for interpretation because why did
they do it intentionally is the other
question all right so are you as sick as
I am of the of the conversations on
cable TV about whether the FBI was
spying or using surveillance are you
just sick of that as and I have another
section in my book looser think in which
I talk about something called word
thinking word thinking is when you try
to win an argument by applying your
definition to a word that's not thinking
that's nothing you should you should
just leave me alone
if you're arguing about the definition
of a word do you care if somebody uses
the word spying or they use the word
surveillance as long as we're all
talking about exactly the same actions
shouldn't make any difference at all but
let me let me give you an example let's
say somebody puts a bullet in the head
of an innocent person and they do it
intentionally but let's say that they
don't call it murder it's not
self-defense but they just call it
shooting the person in the head for no
reason but you call it murder
does it matter does it matter the guys
still going to jail it's still bad the
person is still dead does it matter what
word you put on it does it matter if we
call it spying or surveillance doesn't
matter it doesn't so
you know the FBI would claim as would
Horowitz that there was a predicate for
the investigation but there was not a
predicate for continuing the
investigation as we have learned in
other words once it was learned that the
steel dossier was a BS they should have
stopped but they didn't so the the
original let's say original surveillance
may have had a predicate very thin very
questionable Durham will probably
question it but is sort of existent
according to Horowitz once they knew
that they had nothing
they continued at that point it's just
fighting isn't it so in my opinion is
started as surveillance and it turns
into spy but doesn't matter
it doesn't matter what word I put on it
it was bad
how about you call it Blitz flop ah how
about that's the word you use let's not
call it spying let's not call it legal
authorized surveillance let's call it
look the law would any word on that you
want it it's still just as bad if the if
once the reasons for doing it
disappeared which is what Horowitz
reports happened once they didn't have a
reason to do it it wasn't good so
whatever you want to call it it wasn't
good and it wasn't just to find
apparently all right and I've got people
who were yelling at me Twitter or saying
so actually using the word so I'm amazed
that people still tweet the word so at
me after I'm famous for mocking
everything that comes after the word so
is always just ridiculous
so the fact that all seventeen errors
were damaging isn't proof of bias it's
just a coincidence Scott it's just a
coincidence no no it's not a coincidence
I never said it was a coincidence the
that's never come out of my mouth I have
said it could be possibly explained by
lots of errors and the people wanted to
get a job done so all of the errors were
in the same direction because of bias
but it's bias you'll never hear me say
that human beings don't have bias you're
never gonna hear me say that the idea
that the FBI has no bias
I'll never say that I wrote books on
people all having bias all the time I'm
not going to say there's no bias that
would be cray cray cray all right Mitch
McConnell is indicating that they
haven't decided how the Senate will
handle the impeachment case assuming he
gets voted and handed over to the Senate
and he's considering not calling
witnesses so that apparently the Senate
has wide flexibility in how they Hedlund
how they handle the witnesses even if
they have witnesses so who talks who
gets to do anything so it's all up in
the air and the majority and the Senate
can just decide what it a peach vent
trial looks like and with with no
guardrails they can do whatever they
want now how much do you love the idea
of having the vote in the Senate without
any witnesses and without a trial I love
it here's what I would do if I were an
economy I would I would dismiss the two
counts with one sentence apiece no
witnesses and go right to a vote and
that and I would in the two sentences
I've said this before but
so the first count is obstruction of
justice of Congress so obstruction of
Congress you could say something such as
Alan Dershowitz says there's nothing in
the Constitution about obstruction of
justice
well I'll actually let me give you a
cleaner way to say it asking the courts
to rule on something is not obstruction
of justice that's it one sentence asking
the court to rule on something
Congress and the executive disagree is
never obstruction of Congress because
it's just using the process so one
sentence asking the court to rule is not
obstruction of Congress and don't say
anything else and then the next one you
can word it a little differently but
basically you'd say something like that
let's say something like this everyone
now agrees that burries Moe was worth
looking into so even the Democrats
lawyer witness the person who is on the
Democrat side what was his name
Goldman I think sad when asked that yeah
the Biden BER yzma connection was worth
looking into
so you could say that there's consensus
that Bereza and Biden was worth looking
into him and so therefore it was you
know worth the president's checking out
and then secondly to say there's no
evidence that Ukraine was aware of any
quid pro quo requirement because the
evidence now is that there's literally
no witness anywhere in the Ukrainian
government who's willing to say they
were even aware that the funding was
being withheld so something like two
sentences or maybe you know two
sentences apiece and then just take it
to a vote now here's the power of that
if you allow a big complicated trial
what will people conclude well the news
will report that their side one and then
the other news will report that the
other side ones no matter how the vote
goes people are going to look into the
complexity the cherry-pick the things
they want and say yes look how our side
looks great you can't do that you can't
hide in the complexity if it's all
removed so here's the tricky play if
Mitch McConnell decides to remove all
the complexity and say we're not even
going to have witnesses I'm gonna I'm
gonna have you vote based on just two
sentences one sentence apiece debunking
each of the claims
if these sentences look true to you
let's vote and then just vote and here's
the beauty of it
what would the news have to cover if
there's no trial the only thing they
have to cover is the two sentences and
they would have to publish those two
sentences endlessly and those two
sentences completely destroy the
impeachment case if soon as you allow
any complexity into the conversation
both sides can claim victory and say
okay you see it's there in the
complexity my case has been made you
strip all that complex of the out put it
into two sentences and even the news
they hate you they have to keep
repeating those two sentences because
there's nothing else it's the only news
on the biggest topic in the country they
would have to just continually repeat
them and would be very persuasive
all right now I heard I saw something in
the news that I don't understand
and I need a little help on it there's a
question of whether the Senate will want
to vote on acquittal in terms of the
impeachment versus dismissing dismissing
the case and I guess that's different
but I don't know you know what are the
details of when it's different or how
they would act differently or how things
would be worded or what it all means
I it sounds like on the surface that an
acquittal would say not just that we're
not going to impeach but that he's
innocent or something like that
is that the difference so if there is
that distinction that might be important
all right there's a video of Joe Biden
up on the campaign
that he he doesn't trust people who
think with their brain first but rather
the way he does it as he starts with his
gut and then it goes to his heart and
then it comes out of his mouth bypassing
the whole brain situation now if you're
Joe Biden I don't know that that's a bad
idea to just you know bypass is brained
entirely and just let his intestines and
his guts and of course his heart you
know your major organs in your torso if
I'm Joe Biden I'm gonna let my torso do
the thinking for me he apparently thinks
that's a good idea
good enough to say it in public Andrew
Yang might have a different opinion he
might say hey why don't we start up here
and that in the head area the same place
that we do the math and stuff let's
let's let's maybe get things going up in
the brain section of the body and then
you know once you got something up there
it's okay that tested against the torso
and I think the torso needs to get
involved you can't let the torso take
the day off
but maybe start up in the cranium brain
area and then test it on your guts I'm
just guessing that Andrew yang might
prefer it in that direction just saying
President Trump has announced just
recently just today he says and I quote
getting very close to a big deal with
China they want it and so do we
so do we well who's we I don't want it
so I tweeted back does that mean that
the top fentanyl dealer in China is dead
because if he's not dead I do not favor
any kind of a trade deal with China now
wherever
as I mentioned Jim Cramer who is highly
influential you know certainly on CNBC
and in the financial world Jim Cramer is
now saying explicitly and clearly and
more than once that this would be a good
time to walk away from China and just
decouple I of course say I say the same
thing as does Gordon Chang and Kyle Bass
and apparently Steve bandit says that
too so Steve Bannon obviously identified
with the right and Jim Cramer who
explains that he's you know more
sympathetic to the left both agree that
this is the time to walk away from China
same day that Trump says we're very
close to a deal I don't know that we're
close to a deal I don't think that you
could take that as being reliable shall
we say we might be close to some kind of
a deal that that addresses only tariffs
but at the same time it would be crazy
for American companies to do new
business in China so I think that we
could have a trade deal and de couple at
the same time meaning that you know if
there's some advantage to the United
States to say you know we'll drop this
tariff if you took this tariff you know
if it's a tariff to tariff situation I
can see that maybe we can make that deal
while working on the other stuff but we
certainly shouldn't be sending any new
business to China period so that's the
decoupling part you just maybe you don't
maybe if you keep what's there and maybe
buy and sell some stuff but certainly
decouple in terms of the long term so
and I've said this very clearly before
that if we do sign a trade deal with
China that doesn't that is intended to
be comprehensive if it's intended to be
the deal and they have not already
imprisoned or killed their top fentanyl
dealer whose name we
now 60 minutes tracked him down to talk
to him he's easy to find you know FBI
has him on their list trying to know who
it is and he's just walking around free
sending fentanyl to this country killing
tens of thousands of people as long as
he's free I can't support any
comprehensive trade deal is it my
imagination or is Mike Bloomberg trying
to buy an election you know he's putting
money into Democratic candidates he's
putting money into defeating the
president
how happy are Democrats that their
billionaire is trying to buy the
election for him as is Tom Styer doesn't
that seem a little bit off brand do you
think AOC is looking at Bloomberg and
saying yeah Mike buy us some election
dinner
yeah so I don't know how Democrats were
okay with Bloomberg all right I know you
want me to talk about Greta
so Greta thun thun Berg has been
selected as TIME's Person of the Year
now a lot of you are saying what watches
should have been somebody else how can
they put her on there but let me explain
something about how time picks the
person of the year what they say they do
is they pick the person who has the most
influence so it doesn't mean that
they're good or bad it could be hillier
but it has to be somebody who has the
biggest influence of the world now is
that really how they pick it no no
that's that's what Time magazine tells
you what they say publicly is we're
picking the person who's just had the
most impact that's not why they do it
they do it to sell magazines
who is the best pick for selling Time
magazine and making you talk about Thai
magazine Greta
Greta makes you makes you argue Greta
makes it a headline if it had been
somebody boring that was not you know
controversial in one way or another you
wouldn't care they would get no free
publicity
so when you see Greta on the cover of
Time the frame you should put on it is
that time is Time magazine is taking
advantage of gratis I say divisive ways
because that's what gets you the most
impress so do now think that time is
complimenting Greta
they are simply using her for their
marketing purposes
which is what the time Person of the
Year is so it's not like they chose this
this one case to use somebody for their
marketing purposes that's just what they
that's the durable process you know
whoever they pick is for their internal
marketing purposes so President Trump
tweeted about this I think the president
always thinks he should be on the cover
of Time magazine and I would argue that
he probably should be you know if you
really were picking the most influential
person it would just be you know Trump
every time but of course time needs to
you know mix it up so the president
tweeted about Greta being on Time
magazine he said quote so ridiculous
Greta must work on her anger management
problem then go to a good old-fashioned
movie with a friend chilla Greta chill
all right I read that first thing in the
morning when I first woke up and I
laughed and cried for about five minutes
now the thing is funny and you know all
the trolls of course come out but the
thing that's funny is not that he's
making fun of Greta it's not that it's
the fact the way he says it and the fact
that he says it at all from the from the
office of the president if any one of us
said the same tweet it wouldn't it
wouldn't be that interesting right it
would just be somebody on the internet
complaining about something it's the
fact that it comes from
the President of the United States that
makes it hilarious and I can say with
confidence that he knows that in other
words he knows what he's doing he knows
exactly what reaction this is gonna get
so as tweeting goes one of the best now
not to be outdone
Greta's profile on twitter was
immediately updated now many of you are
tweeting at me this morning saying it's
not Greta who updated that we don't know
what she's thinking but she has some
adults working on her social media so it
was some adults who decided to change
her profile to say the following a
teenager working on her anger management
problem currently chilling and watching
a good old-fashioned movie with a friend
very well done
Greta or your handlers so I'm gonna say
a plus troll tweet for a president Trump
about Greta and I will say an A+
reaction by either Greta or her handlers
whoever does her social media but I
imagine Greta approved it I can't
imagine they would put that up there
without Greta giving it the thumbs up so
I'll give further credit Tim Poole makes
the following good observation talking
about Greta he says that scowling he
tweeted this scowling at people saying
how dare you and talking down to them
results in people doubling down in their
opposition to you that is scientifically
correct
Tim Poole when you insult people and try
to change their minds don't expect to
change their minds because the insult is
really the end of the conversation as
Tim goes on to point out you have to
develop a rapport or first then you can
offer a solution I call it pacing and
leading but it's the same thing then Tim
says Greta is divisive angry spoiled
mean and condescending well I don't know
if she's all that but she comes across
as on that so I can't see inside her
heart or her mind
got says Joe Biden but you but we can
certainly conclude that people are
receiving it that way here's my take
and of course all the trolls are coming
after me because I'm making fun of a
minor how dare I
how dare I make fun of a minor
how dare hi the dumbest comment I got
because analogies are stupid
somebody said Scott Scott Scott would
you be mocking if Barron Trump you know
would you mock Darren Trump you mocking
Greta so Scott if you would mock Greta
would you not mock Baron Trump what's
the difference Scott what's the
difference well there is a difference
Dale Barron Trump is not trying to
influence a multitrillion-dollar
world-altering budgets if he does
if you ever see Barrett Trump sail
across the ocean and try to and talk at
the UN and try to influence a multi
trillion dollar budget you could expect
that I will come down pretty pretty hard
on Barron Trump but do we expect Barron
Trump to do anything that stupid no we
don't we expect mera Trump to live a
private life and like Melania says leave
him alone he's just trying to live his
life he's just a kid
leave Barron alone but any kid who's 16
and trying to change the world and
involved in politics and in the biggest
issue and playing on this level I say
she's playing in the big leagues and in
my opinion those who were saying Scott
Scott Scott you have to go easy on her
because she's a minor I don't think
you're showing her enough for
respect she made it to the big league by
being able to play in the big league
right she made it to the big league
because she can play in the big league
somebody says she's 16 but I'm seeing
people in the comments saying she's 13 I
don't believe that's true and well we'll
need a fact check on that but I also
like to add into the thinking a theory
that I heard from someone who shall
remain nameless that there's a good
possibility she's older than her
published age there's a good possibility
I'm not gonna say that's true but you
cannot rule out the possibilities and
she's a little bit older than her stated
age which wouldn't be surprising because
she's operating at a higher level so I
say give Greta some respect because I am
she attempted to try to try to play in
the big league at whatever age he is 16
ish she tried to play the big league and
she made the big league so if she gets
treated as though she's in the big
league let's show her some respect she
got there fair and square you know of
course she had lots of help from adults
and stuff but it's not like anybody else
got there I mean she still had to be
Greta
to take advantage of the help from the
adults that didn't happen by itself
so let's show her some respect and I
think she can take a joke her profile
change suggests that she at least
approved it I'm sure so she can take a
joke she's playing in the big league we
can we can gently gently
I do think we should be gentle because
you know age is not irrelevant she is at
a tender age but we can we can have some
fun we can disagree we can we can poke
at her at the way people poke on Twitter
I wouldn't go you know super hard at it
but I think you can have some fun with
it the same way the President did and
apparently she can they handle that
here's an idea that
I'm seeing a little bit in social media
have you ever heard of a letter of
marque and reprisal I hope I was
spelling it right mark in this case is
spelled ma r qu e a letter of marque is
there is there a different pronunciation
for that like mark a or something I
don't know it's one of those things I've
seen written a bunch of times but I've
never seen anybody saying that aloud but
anyway there's a provision in the
Constitution that addresses this option
a letter of marque and reprisal in which
the United States can pay pay somebody
to basically fight a war for us or go
kill somebody so we can we can basically
get revenge or we can attack by hiring
mercenaries and the Constitution
actually specifically allows it this did
you know that the Constitution
specifically allows us to hire
mercenaries we just there's some for you
know yeah there's some process and I
guess it was used in the you know closer
to the Revolutionary days it was used to
essentially hire pirates to attack the
ships of countries we wanted to attack
so here's my question do you see a day
when private drone operators will be
authorized by the government of the
United States to fly their drones into
cartel territory and start killing
cartel members with the drones
now when I say private Jones I'm talking
about you know that the Hobby size
drones that you can put a gun up it's
not going to be it's not going to take
very long before there are militarized
you know bullet shooting drones you've
seen them already on the internet right
if you go to youtube you can google
somebody attached a gun to a drone but
nobody I don't think anybody has yet
build a drone that that is built from
scratch to fire a gun maybe somebody's
done that I haven't seen it yet but can
you imagine just visualize this some
letters of marque and reprisal they
would authorize a certain number not
everybody in the world but a certain
number of drone operators in this
country to send their drones into cartel
territory simply hover around for a
little bit find somebody who looks like
they're up to no good come down and just
shoot them and then disappear now let me
ask you this suppose you were a cartel
compound you know full of armed guards
and whatnot and a swarm of privately
operated mercenary drones appear above
and they're all armed how hard would it
be for basically a squad of drones each
one operated by an operator to you know
look through the viewscreen lineup
people on the ground and shoot them
somebody says already exists and I would
imagine that's true so here's what it's
easy for me to imagine remember the big
problem with going to war with the
cartels is you can't get the government
of Mexico to ever agree you also don't
really want to send our military down
there you don't want boats on the ground
Oh somebody's telling me it's pronounced
Marc a letter of marque all right I
guess we need to get a ruling on that so
we haven't have a different up in you
none on the pronunciation but I can
easily imagine that the government of
the United States perhaps not making it
public
perhaps it's now public maybe they just
quietly authorize some private drone
people to
to put a little you know a drone drone
firepower above the cartels seems to me
that's coming because the beauty is that
even if the drone gets shot down the
cartel won't know who was operating it
they will know that the US government
perhaps was operating it but they won't
really know all right what else we got
today so I was fascinated to see what
the Democrats supporters were saying
about the Horowitz report now if you
didn't actually watch horowitz's
testimony I don't think you could know
from the news coverage just how
devastating that is to the FBI I mean
that's really really bad apparently what
Horowitz found is just massive bad
behavior at the FBI all in one direction
so it's really bad so I wondered so what
did the Democrats say about this and so
I looked at what Josh Campbell said in
an editorial or an article in the USA
Today these are the so here's the
sentence that he says like it's true
okay he says the IG found that found the
Russia case was properly opened and
uncovered no quote evidence that
political bias or improper motivation
influenced the decision to launch the
investigation so therefore everything
that Trump has been saying for a few
years is all bunk
because of what Josh Campbell just said
does that feel like a complete and
accurate statement of what happened I'll
read it again so this is a Democrats
view of what the IG found that it was
quote properly opened let's just do it
you know one part in time is it true
that the IG found that the case was
properly opened well it depends what
proper means doesn't it I think what the
IG actually
is that there's no standard for when you
can open a case because the the written
standard says that all you need is an
articulable basis in other words you can
simply put it in a sentence that makes
sense so the IG did say we can't say it
was improper nor can we say it's proper
we can only say that the standard is so
low that it's like a mood questioned so
when josh campbell says that the IG
found that the case was properly opened
is that exactly true because I don't
know that the IG ever used the word
proper I think it would be more fair to
say there's no real standard so
therefore we're not going to say that it
was improper that's really different
have a saying there's no standard it
does the IG did say that it wasn't
illegal or anything to open it the way
it was here's what else josh campbell
leaves out he leaves out that at some
point fairly early on when the steel
dossier was debunked they should have
stopped if you don't mention that part
and the fact that the the known bogus
steel dossier was used to continue the
investigation after it should have been
stopped
according to Horowitz if you leave that
out you're you're really just lying to
the people reading your article I think
if you leave out that there were 17
errors at all went in one direction
you're not really telling your readers
what happened are you because that's
kind of important and I think you would
have to mention that Horowitz clearly
indicates without saying so that it's
hard to explain 17 errors unless it's
intentional so did Josh Campbell make
his point that there's no evidence that
political bias or improper motivation
influenced the decision to launch the
investigation
well that's actually true but it's also
true that a lack of evidence is not
proof that it didn't happen that's kind
of important because I think Durham is
gonna give us a little more visibility
and here's the most interesting question
and I don't I'm not sure I understand
this yet but George papadopolis
but tweeted yesterday that he apparently
he's learning recently that the
investigation against Papadopoulos
actually started long before the the
events that everybody's talking about
and he doesn't know how that's right
there's still a mystery about how
Papadopoulos originally came to be
investigated so maybe that's what Durham
knows if we find out that let's say I'm
just gonna pick a name randomly the CIA
was behind the initiation of all this it
could be that the FBI was following the
rules but they were set up by some
external force Democrats for the CIA
were CIA Democrats or somebody I'm not
saying it's the CIA I'm just saying we
haven't ruled out that option all right
so that's what's going on today
has anybody seen Renan lately is it my
imagination or our clapper and bread and
a little bit under exposed lately like
they maybe they're staying off the air
maybe okay I'm just reading your oh yeah
Papadopoulos was with Ben Carson's
campaign before he was with Trump look
at John Brennan's face well let me say
this when I listen to all of the people
in the FBI I would say it's obvious that
they have biased because they're human
beings and it's obvious which direction
their bias was because their their
actions and their text messages clearly
show that so the FBI people were clearly
operating with bias and you know a
reasonable person would say that's why
they made the mistakes that they made
they weren't really mistakes they were
operating a bias now here's the question
if somebody is brainwashed by the fake
news to think that cheating on their own
internal procedures is actually worth it
to stop Orange Hitler from taking over
the country would you call that a
conspiracy or would you call it
incompetence I'm going to say that again
because it's an interesting question all
right if my theory is true that there
wasn't such an organized conspiracy
theory so much as people on the same
page doing independently things that
they thought would be good for their
team after being brainwashed by the
media to think that they were saving the
country from Orange Heather if you
thought you were saving the country from
Orange Hillier and you were just
completely wrong with that
case of a conspiracy or a case of
incompetence right so what does it mean
to be fooled by the fake media into
believing that orange Hitler was taking
over the country well when you saw the
the language and the text messages with
Straka page isn't it obvious that they
had Trump derangement syndrome it looked
exactly like it it looked exactly like
the people that Trump derangement
syndrome on Twitter they look like they
thought that this president wouldn't
just be somebody with a different a
different view of policy that they
thought it was like the end of the world
or something so I think you could call
it incompetence conspiracy is a little
harder to get to with the evidence we
have but perhaps Durham will will clear
that up
somebody says give us a total break they
were not fooled so those who say that
the FBI employees were not fooled by the
fake news have to imagine that the FBI
employees have a special capability that
makes them immune from the TDs that if
infected basically a hundred percent of
the people on their side that's a big
stretch if you think that the FBI were
immune to TDS there is no basis for that
belief all evidence suggests it would
affect people equally no matter their
training you can be fooled into
participating in a conspiracy yeah and
then I guess we'll of course have
fascinating word thinking discussions
about the word conspiracy imagine if you
will that the employees all had talked
about their mutual dislike for the
president let's say the employees of the
FBI let's say that they had talked with
each other on a number of occasions
about how much they didn't want Trump to
get elected is that a conspiracy well
not by itself
suppose that they all talked about it in
various you know casual and in beading
settings but they had also agreed that
they're still trying to do the work of
the of the public is that a conspiracy
no suppose they believed that warns
Hitler was coming to power and they were
organ that were operating in some kind
of a strict organized way with the other
people who had the same opinion it's
just that when each of them were faced
with a decision that could have gone one
way or the other they said well if
orange Hitler is gonna kill us all
I'm gonna err on the side of bending a
rule I'm gonna err on the side of saying
well we have very slim predication but
it's something so the line between
incompetence fueled by trump derangement
syndrome and actual conspiracy is kind
of gray yeah and i think you'll find
people who could look at the same
knowledge and still say you know i have
two different opinions alright was scott
fooled by fake news depends which fake
news you're talking about there's none
of us who haven't been fooled by fake
news that's not a thing but we're fooled
by different fake News's yes so one of
the statements in I think it was an
email is quote we'll stop him somebody
one of them asked could Trump actually
get elected and somebody said we'll stop
him
what does that mean what does it mean
we'll stop him whose weight is we
Democrats in general is we the FBI doing
their job legitimately because they
thought there was actually something to
be found there and so they thought yeah
we'll stop him because we'll do our
legal investigation and we're gonna find
something wrong and that'll stop it so
we don't know what we'll stop it means
it could have been bluster could have
been BS could have been just something
you say in a tweet could have been just
you know acting confident could have
been just making somebody else feel
better
could have been you know could have been
five different things we pay the FBI
director to not be fooled yes but we
don't expect it because everybody gets
fooled your argument is not compelling
which part of it was to help the
globalists so so one theory is that well
there's two different theories one
theory is that the FBI employees were
trying to keep their jobs because they
feared that if Trump took office that
they wouldn't all get their promotions
that they thought they would get under
Clinton's maybe you know I one has to
assume that that's at least part of the
bias
yeah that's certainly in the mix there
then somebody said in the comments that
the FBI is really trying to work for the
globalists I think that's the worst take
I think the FBI each individual was
doing whatever they thought was good for
that individual and and maybe from the
world but I don't think anybody was
thinking globalist or non globalist that
that's as French FBI lawyer Clyde Smith
facing felony obstruction for doctoring
the FISA evidence yeah now let me give
you the non conspiracy version of how
Klein Smith could have removed the
statement the Carter page had had been a
source and he changed it to the opposite
not a source could you imagine any
innocent reason for doing that
well I can now I'm not going to say that
the reason Clyde Smith did that was an
honorable or good or that he had good
intention so I'm not saying that I'm
simply saying that if you can't
imagine the other possibility you're
suffering from a lack of imagination as
I talked about in my book loser think
the lack of imagination in this case is
that if you're locked into the theory
that the only reason he would have done
that is that he's just trying to get the
president you are ignoring the other
reason that people do something like
that here's the reason suppose he
thought the Carter Paige thing was
necessary and important let's say he
actually believed it was important but
he knew that if he put in that little
clause it could raise questions that are
hard to answer but maybe could be
answered they're just hard to answer and
they might even weakened the application
if he thought the application was
sufficient with or without that
information but he thought you know it's
it's good for the world it's good that
we have this investigation if I put this
exculpatory thing in there it probably
wouldn't change the final result because
whether or not Carter Paige had been a
source might not be everything you need
to know right so he might have just said
you know I'm gonna weasel word this and
I'm gonna say well you know by
definition of what a source is it wasn't
exactly a source so I'm gonna say if
anybody catches me on this I'm gonna say
we use different words for so he's not a
source he's just somebody we talked to
I'm just making this up now but the
point is the lawyer probably is going to
have a defense that looks something like
I wasn't really lying because
technically I was right in a very
technical sense I'm gonna argue that I
was correct even though it seems to ever
reverse the meaning of it
so I think it's gonna look more gray
than you think it is when when the
details are looked into so is there ice
where's the thing I'm not going to tell
you that I disagree with Horowitz who
said all these errors going
the same direction have to be
intentioned in this case I'm giving you
two possibilities of how it happened and
both of them are intentional in one case
it's intentional to get the president
because it's part of a conspiracy to
take down the president and the other
possibility it's also intentional but
it's just to make things easier for the
person who filled out the paperwork
because he doesn't want to do another
round of answering questions doesn't
want to have to defend why Carter is
still worth looking into even with that
fact it might have just been convenience
and he might have just said I think I
could weasel this through because if
anybody asks I'll just say well it's
technically true he's not working with
us or or not in any real way where it
wasn't was it important or something
like that that's what I'm thinking
uh he changed it to a lie that might be
technically accurate when he gets a
chance to defend himself remember when
you talking with lawyers and you hear
one lawyer give a give a case how much
should you rely on one lawyers opinion
who's on one side it's always gonna look
you know one lawyer talking without the
counterpoint from there the lawyer is
always gonna be convincing because
they're lawyers so you've heard one side
you've heard the side that says Klein
Smith did something bad and that appears
to be absolutely true but what you
haven't heard is claims Smith who is a
lawyer give you his version of why he
did it and when do you get that version
there's a pretty good chance it's not
going to be as clean as you thought I'll
bet it will be something like well
technically I was true I can see why you
think this is misleading but it was
technically true I think it'll be
something like that
open your mind all right I'm gonna stop
so to the person who said to open your
mind
I'm gonna start blocking people who seem
to be intentionally not understanding my
point
I'm telling you that seventeen errors in
the same direction and everything that
Horowitz said clearly indicates
intention but that we don't have
confirmation that it was a you know
specifically a conspiracy I'm certainly
open-minded to it being a conspiracy
what am I saying that would suggest a
not open-minded I'm literally accepting
all of the explanations talking about
them all and adding extra explanations
if that's not open-minded
what is open-minded look like those of
you who made your decision a year ago
and are saying hello there it is it's in
the final report just like I thought I
think you have to ask yourself you have
to ask yourself if you've you know if
you've got confidence in your opinion no
little too early somebody's saying Paige
was a source for the CIA about twenty
years ago yeah it would be easy to
imagine that Klein Smith is not going to
be prosecuted for this because there's
something in his answer that makes it
close enough to being technically
correct that he won't go to jail for
them it may have been a conspiracy that
came from the fake news as opposed to
originating the FBI yeah that's correct
so it would still be a conspiracy but it
would be a conspiracy of the mainstream
news to paint a Trump as Hitler which
would have the effect of of essentially
activating everybody in the public to do
everything they could every every time
they could to fix it all right did you
give it time
I'm just looking at your comments right
now all right I think I've sent
everything I'm gonna say and I'm going
to talk to you all later by him