mmm hey everybody come on in here
it's time for drinking water with Scott
Adams also known as the tears of our
enemies get a big glass of the tears of
your enemies and join me for the
simultaneous except so my voice is kind
of shot because I don't usually talk so
much during a day but I'm promoting win
big Leigh if you didn't know the
paperback version of win big Lee dropped
today so picking up
yeah not sick I've just been talking too
much as a cartoonist I don't do that
much talking so let's talk about Hillary
Clinton's joke I think most of you saw
it but let me just call it up here
Hillary joke holder this should come up
in a minute I'm pretty sure all of them
saw it so Hillary was on video and she
was being interviewed recently by Kara
Swisher and
[Music]
so the question was there was some
question in which Kara Swisher ignore
she confused Cory Booker with Eric
Holder so Kara Swisher was interviewing
Hillary and and the the person
interviewing Kara Swisher confused Cory
Booker with with Eric Holder in terms of
what one of them said Hillary smiled and
said listen I want to get the exact
quote uh-huh
she said so this is Hillary saying quote
yeah I know they don't look alike
Clinton joked triggering a-holes of
laughter now some people said hey that's
racist you can't say that to African
American people look the same and you
can't tell them apart but I'm in the
awkward position of defending Hillary
Clinton and here's how you can't
separate the message from the message
juror for example if you happen to be
african-american and use the n-word
you're okay because the messenger and
the message are compatible if you were a
white person then use the n-word in any
context even if you're just talking
about it you're probably in a lot of
trouble because the messenger and the
message are always connected the clip
that we all saw of Hillary saying this
this thing that would normally be racist
if it came from another person the
context is often edited out the context
just before this bad joke was Hillary
talking about the need to be more
diverse and the how the Democrats have
more diversity in their party and
basically she was saying all the right
things that would be compatible with was
one who was you know a positive
influence at least in terms of race now
I'm not reading her mind not talking
about the past I'm not talking about you
know anything she did 20 years ago but
at the moment she's the standard bearer
in a sense for the Democrat brand and
the Democrat brand is very Pro
inclusivity very Pro diversity that's
just a fact so within that context
Hillary told the joke though that other
people can't tell because if a trump
supporter told that joke you know they
would be you know they'd be fired they'd
be kicked off social media etc but it's
not because of what they would have said
it would be because the message and the
messenger are at a sink Hillary I'm
gonna give a pass I know you hate that
but I try to be consistent it was
intended as a joke and because her
credentials at least in the modern era
her credentials for being good with
diversity are so strong that it came off
as a joke so in other words it would be
put it in clear terms she was making a
joke about people who say that it's very
different to it's very different saying
it is different from joking about people
who say it that's very different so I
would say the in this case I wouldn't
even ask for the 48 hour rule for a
clarification because I think she's in a
unique situation where she can say that
consider for example if a black person
had said exactly the same thing suppose
let's just say any any African American
was on the stage and let's say that Kara
Swisher had asked the same question and
Kara Swisher had confused Cory Booker
and Eric Holder if a black person was
sitting in the chair and said yeah I
know it's hard to tell them apart you
wouldn't take that as a racist comment
because the person saying it
disconnected to the message I'm gonna
say that Clinton has earned sort of a an
inside position all right she's not
african-american but she's been good on
that topic to the point where when she
makes a joke talking about people who
say it as opposed to just saying it that
she's in good situation now remember
that story and let me tell you my
awkward encounter this morning with
diamond and silk all right so I was on
Fox & Friends this morning and I walked
into the green room and you know I see
diamond and silk there and Candice Owens
was there and you know I saw some of the
house could buy ed Henry etc so it's
sort of a fun atmosphere because you see
all these people you see on TV and so at
one point diamond who had been diamond
silk who had been on Fox and Friends
earlier came back into the green room
and diamond said at my table so it was
just a the green room is a bunch of
little tables and some couches I was at
a table by myself so there are a few
chairs there so diamond comes and sits
down but she was just you know using an
available chair people were just sitting
all around but I thought oh I love
diving and silk I'm gonna introduce
myself so I introduced myself to
diamonds and I you know
extend my hand and say I am Scott Adams
and the big fan and she shakes my hands
and you know she's she's polite but the
but as soon as I shake her hand and
introduce myself to Diamond silk walks
up to the table right next to me and I
think I'm gonna have to you know I
better introduce myself to silk because
I just introduced myself to Diamond
so yes you have to get this physically
to understand it you have to get this
physically alright so I'm sitting at the
table and silk walks up but she's here
so I'm not looking at her face I just
know that this is Dimond and and you
know obviously this is so because I can
see her out of the corner of my eye and
silk so I stand up and I go like this hi
I'm Scott Adams I'm a big fan and silk
looks at me and she says I'm not a silk
and it wasn't it was one of diamonds
silks friends who was just with them so
now imagine imagine how awkward that is
I just said that I'm fans which I am I
actually I love diamonds salt they're
terrific
I love what they're doing with their
career I love their act I'm very much
I'm definitely a fan but because of the
because of the proximity I just assumed
years Dimond the person walking up to
her and talking to her who added the
corner of my eye is a woman of you know
roughly in the same demographic I'm
thinking about a silk I better introduce
myself so now I've introduced myself to
the wrong silk and I did it right in
front of Dimond and was thinking to
myself what is the what is the good way
to get out of this situation there's no
good way so I just said well I'll be
your fan too and I just sat down and now
I'm sitting across from diamond and the
most literally the most awkward
situation you could ever be in and
so and now I'm not like most people
in lots of ways I suppose but one of the
ways I'm not like most people is that
embarrassment even if it's my own I find
hilarious
so even if I'm embarrassed I can't stop
laughing at it because it's so funny and
so I had to pretend I was looking at
something funny on my phone because I
didn't want to just get up to get up and
leave the table and I felt like it would
be awkward to continue the conversation
so I just looked at my phone and
pretended I was laughing at something on
my phone because there's just there's
just no place to go with that anyway I'm
still laughing at it's pretty funny yeah
so I'm singing that in the comments that
so the problem of course is the
assumption that I can't tell the
difference but the real problem was I
wasn't looking at her when I extended my
hand I literally turned and extended my
hand and introduce myself before I'd
even really looked at her face because I
you know when you shake hands you're
sort of looking at the hand to make sure
you know you're you're getting a good
grip on the handshake so but I'll tell
you if you were observing it there's no
way in the world that that you would
have a positive you know a positive
opinion of me which is what makes it so
funny all right so my apologies to silk
and then of course the real silk is err
I'm like oh god I can't introduce myself
that was just too awkward so I didn't I
did get to meet later after the it had
been a different time I got to meet
Candice who was you know I'm one of her
biggest fans and that was that was a big
treat for me
all right so I'm gonna be on a reddit
AMA at 3 p.m. Eastern time which is
about half an hour so if you have
questions you want to ask you go over
there I just we did the I tweeted the
link so you can see that in my Twitter
feed what was diamonds reaction she
didn't really react to it which is which
I think made it more awkward for me and
I I don't know what she was thinking or
feeling but she was she was also busy
doing something so she was sort of
involved with whatever she was doing on
her phone so I'm not sure it registered
necessarily you somebody said I sound
like every rich guy you've ever met
you're not wrong alright so how many of
you saw me on Fox and Friends because I
got to I got to use my point about the
Charlottesville hoax that it was really
about both sides of the statue question
and not not both sides of anti-fog
versus the the racists when the
president said they were fine people on
both sides and I don't know if anybody
said that on a national news program
before have you ever heard that I think
I might be the first one to say that
anyway I gotta get you get ready for my
hey MA and I get an answer some
questions and I will recognize I'll talk
to you later
sorry it's a short one today