so I can see their
comments there we
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilizations
called coffee with Scott Adams
definitely the best thing you're ever
going to see oh all my comments are
working today glorious well if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can understand even
with oh advanced technology and the help
of AI nothing can help you until you
have the simultaneous hip and for that
all you need is a cuper a Mugger a glass
a tanker chal Stein a Cen jug a flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens now
oh that's some good simultaneous
siing possibly the best I've had all
day well we've got themes we've got
stories we've got craziness oh we've got
it all this morning but first a little
update on neuralink so apparently
there's the the first you probably heard
this already but the first person to
have a neuralink brain chip that is
helping that person control the computer
with his mind and apparently it's
working there's a real human being with
a chip in his skull who's com who's uh
controlling a cursor on the screen with
his mind now if you don't think that's
cool uh Elon Musk says that something
called Blindside is next so fairly soon
the next thing they're going to take on
is to see if they can make a blind
person able to see and you really want
to get freaked
out it includes black people who have
never seen who have never had sight and
somehow they think they can re they can
give sight to somebody who's never had
it by presumably putting the site
signals directly into the brain somehow
I don't know the details but just think
about the fact that uh Elon Musk is out
there putting chips and brains and
Rockets in space and building electric
cars and I don't know what you did this
year but he uh he did well I won the
internet somebody says well I don't know
about that well here's an update let's
let's file this under the least
surprising news ever see if you can top
this for least surprising
news the pope is opposed to violence no
that's not it that's the what I always
use as a joke once a year the news
reports that the pope still very much
against violence and it makes makes a
headline all right here's the one that
is even more obvious than the pope is
against violence turns out that the
billionaire sister-in-law of Mitch
McConnell who Tesla tragically went in
the lake and she was trapped and drowned
uh turns out she was super
drunk
huh well I certainly didn't see that
coming yeah that's exactly how this
happens being super
drunk however in an irony which should
not be amusing in any way because it's
all tragic Tesla has released their new
uh self-driving self-driving software
it's the best version of self-driving
software and apparently this one's a big
one now I don't know the details yet but
apparently this version of the Tesla
self-driving software
should be really amazing now I don't
know if that gets you to the point where
a drunk driver could make it home or
should but are we at a inflection point
where if you are if you know that you're
somebody is going to drink and drive and
most of us know that
right it doesn't sneak up on you I don't
think it sneaks up on you I think people
who know they like to go out and have
too many drinks and also drive home know
exactly who they
are do you think that the world would be
safer if such people could start their
car and fall asleep and the and the car
just drives them
home or is the self-driving car
technology not quite good enough that
taking a sleeping drunk home is still a
good
idea well we might be close to the you
know the the pass what what do you call
the crossover point
where the self-driving car is safer than
somebody trying to drive their own car
after a couple of
drinks now I am here to tell you and I'm
not going to name names I do know an
individual who has for a while now uh
fallen asleep and let her car drive her
home true story I actually know somebody
who falls asleep in their car and lets
the car drive home and that's before
this update now I don't know how safe
that is doesn't sound as safe as it
needs to be in in my opinion but I can
tell you there's at least one person who
shouldn't be probably shouldn't be
driving at all who has found that the
Tesla keeps her
alive now I'm hoping this new update
really makes a difference and keeps
people safer but in all
seriousness the entire world of of drunk
driving could be going away
it could be that drunk driving just will
be a weird thing of some people who just
snuck up on them and they didn't know
they'd have a drink or something but it
could be that 80% of it just goes away
in five years because nobody has to
drive home imagine if you didn't need to
call anybody and you could just wander
out and get in your car it would just
take you home all the way to your
driveway I know I would buy alcohol
stocks well here's the beginning of my
theme I've got two themes
today Seth McFarland uh the brilliant
creator of the Family Guy and many
talents uh great singer you know he
Sings the Classics he's uh been involved
in movies both acting and writing and
directing and producing and stuff super
super talented
guy
however um it's really hard to talk to
people who don't know anything that's
happening in the room real
world so here's something that Seth said
in a podcast he was talking about how
people like the New York Times reporters
they're trained in journalism they went
to college for it you know these are
serious people working at a serious
platform and and Seth was bemoaning the
fact that everyone thinks they're an
expert now and all you have to do is be
a podcaster and you can be an
independent
journalist and he he worries that the
high ethical standard of reporting which
he was used to may be eroded by all
these new independent
voices now what does that even sound
like to your
brain yeah for for most of you are
watching this you're just going what is
that like a real human being with an
actual opinion who is smart and
successful how in the world could you
have the impression that the news is
still real who has that who still has
that opinion that the news is still
real all right
so here's uh here's my first theme of
the
day all right I'm just doing a little uh
tweak here to see your
comments
huh it's GNA it's going to fight me
today but oh my God the interface is
just giving me all because of random
results
now really
it's not going to show me today's show
is that really
happening there we go
huh all right I have to solve this for
my own benefit because I can't tell why
the interfaces G me two completely
different
results so I can see the later show
before the current
show oh I put the wrong date on it did I
put the wrong date on it is that what I
did did I date it the 18th instead of
the
21st I can't see your comments because
they're all dead yeah so the locals
interface is just just garbage
right now for uh I hate to say it
because I I own stock in Rumble but this
just doesn't work at all all right let's
see if I can no that is the
pre-show oh it looks like I just put the
wrong date on it it's my date
problem no that's not working it shows
me
live all right well I have no oh I put
the wrong date on
it God if you don't know I have this a
date related problem a calendar related
problem so I actually no I can't fix
it it's just going to be what it's going
to be I can't fix it once the feed
starts it's B it's basically all right
so well I that up today sorry
locals you won't see the show today
because I put the wrong title on it so
you probably won't know which ones to
click
on that's on me sorry hope you can find
it on another
feed anyway um Seth McFarland think
still thinks that the news is real how
can you have a conversation with
somebody about politics when they think
the news is real have you noticed that
that's like it's just
impossible yeah it's like just
impossible
so um irelands uh lost their freedom or
they're well on the way to doing it uh
the freedom of speech Michael
shellenberger is Al talking about this
so Ireland's prime minister resigned but
they're still trying to get a law passed
over there by the end of the year in
which uh if you say things online that
the government doesn't like they can
come in your house and take all your
devices and put you in
jail and look at all your
messages so Ireland is right on the
verge of in a democratic system is
they're going to vote vote away their
own
rights apparently that's going to happen
they're going to vote away their own
right of free speech so that if you say
something the government doesn't like
they can come arrest you now as shelin
Berger points out this is probably a
test case because if this works in
Ireland you might see a lot more of it
because certainly what we're seeing is
whoever is in power seems to be um
turning off free speech because I think
there is a fundamental
problem with uh you can't
have the people who are in charge stay
in charge as long as you have a free
internet and people who can find out
things
so stability almost guar almost requires
that the population doesn't know what's
going
on so the only way you can keep
stability be you a dictator or be you a
fake Republic like we are um the only
way you can keep it stable is by not
letting the public know what's going on
now back in the 60s the public watched
the regular news which we presume at
this point was all just you know all but
managing by the CIA basically so we
thought we were watching real news but
we were totally uninformed you know we
thought a single
shooter Rogue person killed Kennedy
basically there's nothing that we
believe that was true when I grew up but
we didn't know it now we actually know
it so now we actually know it what's
going to happen now well the obvious
only response to the fact that the
public found a way to know what's true
is to shut down free speech so if they
can do it in Ireland and it sticks you
should expect that that will happen in
the United States and that people like
me will be put in jail for saying fairly
ordinary
things yeah so I'm actually risking
jail just by doing
this and now that would sound crazy
except that Peter Navaro is in jail
Trump is getting lawed there are over a
thousand J Sixers who are being you know
uh illegally put in jail in my opinion
illegally so yes the complete lack of
freedom of speech is uh I I think it's
Unstoppable I don't think there's any
power that's big enough to stop free
speech from completely going away but if
you want to feel better about it I don't
think we ever really had
it yeah we've never really had anything
but the ability to say what the
government agreed with right what you
know that whistleblower the Boeing
guy he had the freedom to say
whistleblower things and then he was
found dead in his car under suspicious
circumstances and you know
JFK when he was president he had the
freedom of speech to say whatever he
wanted and his head was blown off in
suspicious circumstances so we've never
probably probably never had free speech
we just it wasn't as obvious
so it might not even be a
change well end wokeness account which
is a just a gem says that somebody
called craft Sports uh they listed the
job qualifications for a Sports
Management associate and they said
specifically that white people are not
being
considered you imagine that put it in
writing just it's in writing now they
don't say white people are not
considered they say that they're looking
for you know people of
color which is the same thing now that
could not be more
illegal do you think that Seth
McFarland thinks that uh Dei and you
know the push for diversity do you think
that he is aware that this is anything
but
good do you think that if you were Seth
McFarland you would
think that
uh
anyway would you think that people
actually could get diversity without
breaking the law here here's a real
basic test to see if somebody
understands anything about the
world do you believe that all of the
corporations in America if they had
tried really hard could improve their
diversity up to the level where it
represents the population at
large if someone says yes
if they try hard
enough then they don't really understand
anything because that's not
true the only thing that would happen is
you would force companies to
discriminate against white people so
they could hit their goal faster and
they don't get fired themselves so all
the white people would scramble to
discriminate against white people who
are trying to get jobs where they
already
work and that's the only thing that
would happen every time now if you
didn't know that you wouldn't understand
anything about race relationship in the
United States would you agree if he
didn't understand the basic math of the
supply of adults who have all the right
qualifications is too low to improve
your diversity without lowering your
standards and that you'd have to lower
your standards quite a bit if you didn't
know that how could you have a
meaningful conversation about this topic
do you think Seth McFarland knows
that I don't know can't is mine but I
doubt
it so my advice uh for anybody who is
working around craft Sports if you're a
white guy you should you should stay
away from that so I wouldn't go anywhere
near a company like in fact if I were a
white person working at craft Sports I
would be putting my resume out right
away because they've already signaled
that you're not qualified for promotion
because obviously they've got a Dei
thing that they're servicing so if
you're a white person working at craft
Sports you should get the away from
that company that's my advice just get
the away because it's not a safe
place for you to be and they've signaled
that pretty
clearly well let's talk about um bat
 crazy women this is my bashia crazy
women
report I'm starting with a relationship
expert whose name doesn't matter it's
some blonde woman on social media who's
telling you that everybody's wrong and
she knows what makes relationships work
and here's what she says she's
explaining why women won't have sex with
their
husbands now she she tells us that she's
got many qualifications in this exact
field relationships and
psychology and she's had many many
thousands I think of clients so she
really has a has her handle on this
domain and here's what she says the
reason that women don't want to have sex
with the husbands is that they don't
feel
safe so there something that the husband
is doing that makes them feel not safe
and when they don't feel safe they don't
feel
attracted
so that's M here crazy that sounds to me
like somebody who doesn't know anything
about
anything I don't know how you could live
in the real world and have that
opinion let let me give it to you in uh
you know full black
pill if a uh if a man does everything a
woman wants in a
relationship she loses respect for him
and then doesn't want to have sex with
him would you agree if he does
everything She Wants like he's just a a
vessel you'd agree with that right and
it's obvious everybody would agree with
that if he does everything he's just a
simp the woman loses respect for him
then loses sex F right so that's if he
does everything She Wants suppose a man
doesn't
do a number of important things things
that the woman wants what she do then
she shops for a better man who will do
the things that she wants so women have
two conditions and they're both failure
conditions man who does everything they
want that's not attractive a man who
doesn't want do what they want which
makes them unhappy and look for a man
who will but such man doesn't exist
except the one that they won't they
won't respect once he starts doing all
the
things so how in the world can you be a
relationship expert
and think that the reason that women
aren't having sex with their husbands is
that they're not feeling safe that is so
far from any reality which I've ever
lived in it's just the nature of
relationships that if you put two people
together you can measure the the
Fallen chemistry that makes them
attracted you can just take any two
random people who are wildly attracted
put them together and make them married
make them live the life of a married
person where you're just pecking on each
other and bothering each other about
what you're doing you know the normal
thing they will lose interest in each
other you don't need any this don't feel
safe
stuff ridiculous so when I when I watch
the I'm really addicted to the
relationship advice on
Instagram because it's almost
universally
terrible it is and and they all have
this Earnest I figured it out voice do
does it bother you that the Instagram
influencer experts they all have that
same kind of similar I'm an expert I
figured it out voice and then you listen
to him it's like oh my God you're stupid
have you lived in the real world for a
minute all right so that's Story number
one bashit crazy women Basia crazy women
Story number two um the exwife of Jeff
Bezos who had many billions of dollars
because of the divorce McKenzie Scott
Bezos has already donated over 17
billion
to a whole bunch of causes mostly racism
related causes now do you think she made
the world a better place by giving to a
whole bunch of probably Soros related
entities and taking the fruits of her
husband's good work and distributing
them in the worst possible
way as ashle Ashley stclair said on X
McKenzie Scott Bezos is going to win the
award for quote most danger done with
itable donations
ever and then Ashley says all because
she really hates her ex-husband
well Elon Musk gave that a little
Bullseye comment so we agreed with it I
won't go so far as to say she hates her
ex-husband that's that's a little mind
read readery That's I don't like to go
as far as mind reading but doesn't seem
that she's doing something that seems
closer to self
harm than trying to help
to me it looks closer to self harm and
taking the rest of us with her so it
looks like she has some guilt to work
out maybe can't just spend her money and
be happy about it so we don't know
what's going on in her mind but the
giving away 17 billion in a way that I
can guarantee she has not deeply
researched could be one of the worst
things that's ever happened to America
do you think she knows that I doubt it
do you think if Seth McFarland found out
she gave away $17 billion and she's on
his team do you think he would regard
that as well that's good my team
Democrat stuff got lots more extra money
that should be good what do you think he
thinks of that do you think he
understands that almost everything she
gave money to the the primary category
was about race relations which means
making it worse because that's what all
the programs do at this point no
probably doesn't know
B she crazy woman Story number three
destroying the country there's a
Stanford
Professor uh
named uh something
bowler where's her name it doesn't
matter um but anyway it's a bashia crazy
white woman who's been leading this big
effort to uh lower the math standards in
California and the reason for lowering
the standards is to make it easier for
people who are bad at math to do well in
math
meaning it's a diversity kind of a
situation now do you think that leading
the uh charge to make Californian
children less good in math is based on
her willingness and research and knowing
that this is good for the world no
obviously this is terrible it's terrible
for the world you even Bill lman very
Democrat you know basically just did a
head shaking post it's like what what I
mean obviously this is a bad idea worst
idea ever to lower the bth
standards now something will probably
happen with math education just because
of AI there'll be less need for you know
people to be trained up to be Math
teachers if you don't need any Math
teachers so something will happen in
that pretty quickly but at the moment
she stands accused of 52 instances of
having some uh entity she's involved
with uh supporting research that is
 um so some of the things that
they believe their research or the
research they have access to has proven
the Notions that taking time tests
causes math anxiety mixing students of
different academic levels boosts
achievement students have been found to
perform better when teachers don't grade
their work
are you kidding
me
um see I'm just looking at somebody's
weird comments
here huh all right there's some other
issues being worked out in the comments
here on locals but I hope you're working
it out whatever that
is so there's uh one woman who trying to
math um accomplishment in California for
the benefit of those who are bad at math
and how did she uh support her
conclusions some say with bad
research which is usually based on bad
math so bad math is being used to come
up with some bad math policies to make
everybody bad in math and uh that's the
sort of thing that a man doesn't do no
I'm just kidding but my topic is bad
 crazy women who are making the
world worse
why would you do this like what would
even motivate you to want to work hard
to make math standards
lower could does is anybody dumb enough
to think that makes the world
better now I do agree that there should
be a high school path where you don't
have to be good at math I'm very much on
the page that not everybody should
become a math teacher right there maybe
maybe 20% of students I don't know what
the ratio is but but maybe 20% need to
take math to another higher level
because they might use it someday but
80% total waste of time so I'm I kind of
agree with at least a little bit of the
thinking there that a lot of it's a
waste of time and it would just make
minority students in some cases look
look like they're not achieving when the
thing they're not achieving is something
they wouldn't use
anyway so there's something to it I just
don't think it's being executed right
meanwhile the Texas permanent School
fund I guess is a big fund in Texas is
taking the money away from Black Rock
and State Street because they've got
these weird uh requirements for the
companies that they invest in that they
have uh climate policies that that these
guys like and racial Equity Audits and
stuff like that and Texas says that's
all and we're not going to give
money to anybody who's involved with
that stuff
so uh and V is talking about this
um so this is good so maybe Texas is
setting a standard by which it becomes
hard for the bad guys to operate because
they don't get as much funding
maybe well here's the weirdest story uh
if you're following the whole Julia
Sange thing and for years the United
States has been trying to extradite him
over here and people think he'll be
killed when he gets here put in jail
forever um but now there's talk and I
don't know that this is true so this
might be a this is an unreliable report
but there's a report that there's some
effort to um to have him plead guilty to
a misdemeanor and then be a free
man uh the misdemeanor would be
mishandling classified information which
is completely he's just
mishandling but I guess that's what the
misdemeanor plead Downs are they're not
based on reality um so let me ask the
obvious
question if this is being considered now
is it not because people think it makes
sense and if it makes sense now why
didn't it always make sense why didn't
it always make sense to plead it down it
just suddenly started making sense when
nothing else changed well well maybe
what's changed is the election coming up
maybe what changed is because the Biden
Administration is locking up uh
basically locking up journalists they
don't want one more high-profile story
about the Biden Administration wanting
to take out a
journalist so it could be about the
election but it also could be that they
want to free him so they can more easily
kill him it could be that what they
really need to do is kill them and it's
harder to get to them in
prison although Epstein suggests it's
not
impossible um but the other possibility
is that the CIA or somebody wants them
free so that they can monitor him and
figure out who his network is and what
they know so they can take down the
whole
network that's possible yeah so I don't
believe anything about the story in
terms of the stated
intentions because I definitely don't
believe that they suddenly realized hey
you know it would be a good way to
handle this thing why don't we just
plead it down to a misdemeanor
charge no nobody just came up with that
idea suddenly and then everybody said oh
oh pleading to lower offenses we' never
thought about that no obviously there's
some kind of scheme involved here and I
don't think it's good do you think that
there's a scheme involved that's good
for Assange no whatever this is is
probably very bad for Assange probably
don't know for sure
but all indications are he's in more
trouble not
less well uh bill maluan is reporting
that uh 200,000 deportation cases were
thrown out by immigration judges since
the start of the Biden Administration
here's the reason why
because DHS didn't file the required
notice to appear in court in
time that's right your government didn't
file the right paperwork so 200,000
people who were ready to be deported I
just won't be does that sound like an
accident or does that sound
intentional it's intentional of course
well intentional in the sense that
nobody was trying too hard to make it
not happen because they don't really
care apparently apparently there's more
effort to bring people in than there is
to stop people from coming
in all right um here's some new
information about uh the 2020 election
and the the voting machines and the
tabulators now I warn you before all
these conversations on this topic
that um everything that's claimed about
voting machines and past
elections uh 95 to 100 % of it will turn
out to be
false so this is in that domain doesn't
mean it's false doesn't mean it's false
but if it's like everything else in this
domain it will turn out to be when you
find out more about it
so um you know I'm I'm over the belief
that all of our elections are rigged and
have been for a long time but that's
different than finding the evidence I
think it's sort of obvious we don't have
real real elections and haven't for a
long time you know based on the way of
you know circumstantial evidence which
is abundant so but I'll just tell you
the story and then you can make your own
judgments about The credibility of it
this is from the politics brief
publication so Carrie Lake and uh Mark
fincham so these are two Republicans
they filed this uh Supreme Court
appeal and here's what they're saying um
there are major developments um that
would have to do with voting machines
and specifically Mira Copa County where
things looked sketchy to many people so
here's the claim uh that the voting
machines cannot be deemed reliable and
they don't meet the Constitutional and
statutory mandates to guarantee a free
and fair elections so that the machines
are by their design not capable of
allowing the citizens to exercise their
constitutional rights because they can't
be sure they
voted or they can't be sure their their
vote was counted correctly and and
tabulated correctly okay U there's new
evidence this shows that Maricopa County
they say violated state law for the
election electronic voting systems
including using altered software not
certified for
use so I think I if I understand that
story there was testing done on some
sample machines with a certain set of
software and then it was certified and
then and after was certified they put in
different
software does that that sound okay to
you now it could be that in the world of
software you're always doing updates so
it could have been the most innocent
normal routine software
update but you do have to
recertify if you put new software in
you're going to have to test it to see
if the new software is a virus or
intentionally rigged and if you don't
can you say that it's certified and can
you say that it's auditable and can you
say that it was a good result well
doesn't seem like
it all right there's more the Dominion
voting systems they say uh and these are
systems used in almost 30 states have a
built-in security breach they claim
enabling malicious actors to take
control of the elections uh specifically
I think what that is is the storing of
the encryption keys and plain text
meaning that all the secret stuff that
is supposed to be you know hard to get
to was not just hard to get to but it
looked like it was intentionally made
really really easy to get
to now we can't really say we know
intention we can only look at the design
but the design appears to be more
optimized toward giving away the data to
a bad actor than it is to protect the
data because you would never put an
encryption key in plain text behind
nothing but a Windows sign on signin
that would give you access to changing
the
vote right so that doesn't mean you know
if if this allegations um proves out
that there really was a text encryption
keys that anybody could get to if they
could break through a minor Windows
signin problem which is not the biggest
problem to solve if that's true it
doesn't mean that the election was
rigged it just means you wouldn't know
if it was
fair all right what else uh they got
these tabulator things which are the
tabulators are separate from the voting
machines right the tabulators are
working on paper ballots do I have that
right so there's tabulators in their
voting machines and it's good to keep
them
separate but speaking of ballot
tabulation things there was an
extraordinary number of failures uh at
the 223 voting centers in Maricopa on
Election Day there were
181,000
errors um a total of 138 of the 223
voting centers show a bot insertion
rejection rate of 20% or
more 20% or more of ballots inserted
into the
counter didn't
work and I don't know if that means they
just do it again or what and that that
rate is a 100 times higher than the
acceptable
limit a 100 times over the limit for
acceptable
operation and acceptable in terms of uh
the vote being um
reliable all
right and then there was the timing of
ballot insertion errors across the
county there are over 7,000 ballot
insertion failures in almost every
single 30 minute period for the entire
election
day so all day long there were like
7,000 failures every half
hour that's a lot it's so many that it
looks
intentional one of the things that would
happen if you've got a lot of
failures um I don't know if it's just
this issue but generally speaking if you
have a lot of failures on Election Day
it makes your lines very
long right it makes the lines
long and if you make the lines long in
let's say red districts where there are
a lot of Republicans that would suppress
the vote because people will say ah I
don't have enough time I got to get back
to work and the claim is that uh most of
these places that had uh accidental you
know problems with their machines that
they were uh red areas and so it
suppressed the Republican vote allegedly
potentially then you got your uh
inconsistencies with redacted cast votes
whole bunch of senators had big problems
with those you've got mismatch
signatures uh the projected number of
mismatched signatures in
2022 um was
127,000 out of 1.3 million early
votes it's a lot so basically the the
machines used tabulators and voting
machines were either uh insufficiently
secure is the claim the allegation Andor
intentionally crippled so that some
groups would have suppressed voting and
you also wouldn't know if there was any
fakery going on because there were so
many errors and it basically there this
is enough errors to hide any kind of
election fraud now let me ask you
this um I don't know how many of these
will you know get any kind of attention
in the courts and how many of them have
some innocent explanation that I'm just
not aware of yet but do you think Seth
McFarland has ever heard any of this do
you think Seth McFarland is generally
thinks the elections are pretty good oh
sure you know every now and then
there'll be some local election where
somebody stuffed The Ballot Box but if
you're talking about the presidential
election with all the people watching
and years to make sure we have an
auditable system how could that possibly
be
corrupt if you didn't know anything
you would be like me a few years
ago me a few years ago was well I don't
think the elections are
rigged I mean that's that's kind of a
big claim you better have good evidence
if he say it's rigged and now and now I
would say that the weight of evidence is
overwhelming that we don't have an
auditable
system would you would you agree with
that separate from the question of
whether there was any past male feasance
is clearly not auditable and it clearly
doesn't give us a result which is
consistent with the will of the people
because sometimes the people have to go
home because the line is too
long so there's a whole bunch happening
that makes me think we don't have
anything like any kind of election
system in our fake democracy or fake
Republic yeah I don't know who's in
control or or what's going on behind the
scenes but we definitely don't have a
republic
and we definitely don't have anything
like a credible voting system now so let
me say clearly I'm not aware that any of
the specific claims are true because I
don't have the capability to to know for
sure so I don't want to say something
about Dominion that's you know unfair I
could just say there these are the
allegations and then on top of that I
can drop my own Common Sense which says
if you have a system that is so clearly
not designed mind to know what happened
there's only one reason for
that there's not two reasons for that
there's only one reason you would spend
a lot of money to put in a system that
makes it impossible to know who won the
election there's only one reason for
that now now again something that Seth
McFarland would have no idea so imagine
imagine being in a conversation with
somebody who thought the news is
real the elections are all
auditable
and and that's the world we live in
nothing like that's
happening or or imagine thinking that
Ukraine is about uh keeping Russia and
Putin from being
aggressive I used to think that now I
now I embrace the Mike Ben's frame that
uh Ukraine was always just a big Energy
play and that it was a basically our
military intelligence people decided
that uh there's a whole bunch of rich
people they serve who would be way
better off maybe in the trillion dollar
range better off uh if we controlled
Ukraine's massive energy and Putin did
not and that that's what all Ukraine was
about the entire coup all of it was
about getting our Rich American friends
and other other countries I suppose uh
getting them the major access to
Ukraine's
energy and cutting Putin out and then
the whole story about Putin and NATO and
all that was just a cover story for a
money grab so you should see the Ukraine
war as uh two bullies with gas stations
having a fist fight and neither of them
are credible or good people it's just
two terrible people fighting it out with
your
money that's how I see it
um anyway so Trump's Trump is still
trying to get the money to pay these uh
bonds and these big fees these
unreasonable uh fees that he's been
given by the corrupt prosecutors and AGS
and different states and uh Caitlyn
Collins is reporting how you know the
Republicans are getting nervous about
whether he'll be able to find the money
he'd have to do a fire sale of his
assets and you know so
watching the TDS
gooners just try to Edge to Trump's
troubles is the most disturbing thing
you could possibly look at they're
they're
literally and I do mean this literally I
think they're actually masturbating to
how happy they are that something
terrible might happen to Trump which is
a complete abreg of all responsibility
to our fellow citizens as well as
illegal as hell I mean just super super
illegal how in the world is Leticia
James still a free person well only if
nothing is true obviously we don't have
a Department of Justice that's working
just think of this
situation so soros's
money uh makes the people in the country
uh very divided on race and they paint
Republicans as white supremacists so
that's what soros's money does secondly
he uses the money to hire the people who
believe that story the most which would
be black women who become prosecutors
and attorney generals so now he's got a
group of people which he has uh
brainwashed into thinking they live in a
white supremacy and they better get
revenge on those bastards who made
slaves of them and they're still doing
terrible things so now you've got this
perfect situation where you've trained
these hit people to go after Republicans
and then they do now you've got attorney
general Leticia James who said she ran
for office saying she would Target Trump
without having a
crime without having a crime and she did
and then she looked for something and
found something that definitely wasn't a
crime and then turned it into one oh
yeah if you if you inflate your assets
and even though that's standard practice
and even though the bank doesn't even
look at your inflated asset and and even
though they checked themselves and even
though there was no victims and even
though the bank said oh yeah we would
work with them again we made a lot of
money it was
great even with all that he still gets
charged and because the system is so
broken and corrupt he has to pay the
penalty before he's finished his
appeals of course the worst possible
legal situation you could be that's not
any kind of a justice system now you say
to yourself well Scott Laticia James has
violated at least two laws number one
using the uh color of the office I think
it's called you know they basically if
you're in an authority position like a
chief of police or something you can't
use your job to Target people and then
use the you know the power of your job
to take them out but she did exactly
that
publicly and proudly publicly and
proudly she broke the law by using her
office to go after an individual for
obvious political purposes and for
racist
purposes now you might say to yourself
well clearly you know there must be some
way to there's some check and balance
here
right
nope what about the eth amendment that
says you can't do excessive fines and
cruel and unusual punishment is it an
excessive fine to take somebody's entire
multi-billion dollar uh business away
from them for a non-victim crime that
nobody even complained about yes of
course it's it's amazingly excessive
like impossible to even make an argument
that's not anything but ridiculously
excessive so here she is using her
office to Target Target a person and to
deny that person their constitutional
rights right in front of us there
there's no you wouldn't have to do any
research you just the public stuff is
publicly a crime and obviously so I mean
any reasonable person can see that this
is just two horrible crimes right in
front of you so who exactly could do
anything about it well who's her boss
the governor do you think the the
Democrat Governor is going to do
something to save Trump no it's not
really an option do you think that one
of the prosecutors on her own staff is
going to say you know what uh I'm going
to Buck the system and I'm going to
prosecute My Own Boss do you think that
would work do you think that person's
career would go well if they decided to
prosecute Their Own Boss Of course not
so the Attorney General funded by Soros
brainwashed by Soros turned into a
disgusting racist criminal can now be a
racist criminal in public right in front
of us and there is no no recourse
because everybody who could do something
has also been brainwashed into think
thinking some version of yeah but Trump
as president would be
worse so she actually can go on a reign
of terror and absolutely Target people
and take them out and there's no
recourse the the governor will just say
all right do a new job
continue do you think that Seth
McFarland is aware that the case against
Trump is completely
lawfare I doubt it I don't think if he
thinks the news is real then he probably
thinks the case is real too it's about
as far from real as you could possibly
get all right um here's what I've
noticed is that the system protects
itself the system being all these bad
things I'm talking about from the the
politics being broken to the elections
being broken to the Department of
Justice being completely corrupt if you
if you try to tell somebody well let me
put it this way if you start as a Normy
a normal person and you're not aware of
all these things you think the news is
mostly real especially your side and you
think the elections are mostly fair and
you think the Department of Justice is
usually quite
good and that Ukraine is about Putin and
it's not about energy if you believed
all of those
things and then you started looking into
it and finding out
more do you know what happens to
you you become it be becomes impossible
for you to have a conversation with
normal
people right so if I told you what
really is
happening you would say to me and and
you had not begun the journey like if
you've also taken the journey then we
can talk because you would be aware that
the JFK assassination there's no chance
that that was that the way it was
reported was real there's really no
chance that it was that one gunman that
killed them if you think there's any
chance that that was real how do I have
a conversation with you about
anything so what happens is the more you
learn about the corruption of the system
the more impossible it is to have any
kind of a fruitful conversation with
somebody who hasn't taken the journey
and the people who haven't taken the
journey have a name they're called
Democrats there's an entire political
party that hasn't taken the journey now
Republicans are at all different levels
you know there are some Republicans who
still think the election probably was
mostly
Fair there are probably some Republicans
who think yeah the news is you know
largely correct no no it isn't largely
correct it is fake by intention and
design that you couldn't be more wrong
but if you're if somebody's on the same
level you can have a useful conversation
it's just there aren't many of them
so I notice this because I've passed
into what I call the crazy
Zone meaning that if I were to talk to a
normal person who believes the news is
real and we live in a democratic federal
republic none of that's true or even
slightly true if they believe that they
think I'm
crazy right would you agree if I simply
explain to somebody like a let's say a
Glenn Greenwall dump
let let's say imagine a Democrat who is
walking through the world thinking all
these things are real and true spends 10
minutes with Glenn
Greenwalt who I think most of you
understand he would be one of the most
credible people in the news sphere would
you agree do you all agree with that
that Greenwald would be one of the most
insightful and credible doesn't seem to
be lying about anything as far as I can
tell if you put him in a room with a
typical Democrat and then come back in
an
hour do you think that Greenwald would
be able to break
through and you know with his good
powers of communication convince them
that they've been living in a in a
complete uh fiction bubble their entire
life do you think you could do that I
don't I don't think he could do it I
think they would talk over him they
would just talk over him because it's so
painful to find out you've been fooled
your entire life that most people will
just fight like you know wounded animals
to not have to deal with the fact that
everything they've believed is wrong and
that would also mean the all of their
votes were actually making the world
worse imagine finding out that every
time you voted in the
past it was all making things worse all
the work you did only made things worse
you can't put that in your brain your
brain is going to go nope nope nope I'm
not that person I don't do things
consistently wrong it must be something
you're saying Glen Greenwald imaginary
Glen Greenwald must be
wrong now imagine putting Mike Benz in
that room if you're not following him
you have no idea what I'm talking about
but Mike Benz if you follow him on
xbn Z last name you're going to see the
entire description of you know the the
uh the intelligent networks and how they
essentially run the country if not the
world and you're going to see the real
story
and there is no way a normal Republican
is going to hear what Mike Ben says and
by the way I think he only uses public
sources I I think he uses entirely
things that you can go check yourself
and you'd say oh yeah I guess that is
true none of it's even hidden all he
does is put it together and when you put
it together it paints a picture that is
really shocking if you haven't seen it
yet so what would happen if you put him
in a room with a normal rip a Democrat
like Seth
McFarland do you think Seth would leave
that saying
whoa almost everything I believed about
the country is completely wrong I don't
think
so I I think that what would happen is
they'd say I met a crazy guy I don't
know who he's working for but probably
China that's what they would do so we
have a situation where we can no longer
even have a
conversation cuz we're not even talking
about
policies imagine thinking that the the
political conversation is about
policies I don't know when that stopped
but it's definitely not about policies
you know if you look at the border
situation do you think that the border
is open because we haven't decided a
good
policy no no the border is open because
there's somebody who has power who wants
it open I think it's obvious that we're
working with the cartels in all the
Central and South American countries
where they exist I think we partner with
the
cartels uh because that's how we control
those other countries for military and
energy reasons and business reasons
basically and the the
tradeoff is that our people are allowing
the fentel trade and the immigration and
human trafficking and that they know
they're doing it it's intentional it's
by Design and it's what we're paying the
cartel CS basically we're paying off the
cartels by letting them earn so that
when we need them so let's say nudge the
government of some place to you know be
good to some American interest that we
have the ability to nudge because we're
productive partners with the
cartels imagine telling that story to a
normal
person I I think most of you are not
normal because you're you're listening
to this but uh so what we have instead
of people who know what's happening on
is people who who are Democrats who are
literally so happy that something bad
might happen to Trump that they can't
get enough dopamine watching it happen
they're actually finding joy and
watching the system grind down the
biggest enemy to the
system and so um I will further this
point by saying that the key to
Democrats holding power is not letting
Democrat ERS have access to people like
me I'll just let you sit with that
statement for a while because it's so
egotistical but then I'll I'll soften it
later this is one of my tricks where I
get you uh all worked up before I soften
it so so to get you all worked up I'll
say I'm so powerful that the Democrats
need to keep their base away from
listening to
me okay now I'll soften a little bit not
just me but also Glenn Greenwald Mike
Ben Jack babic Mike
cernovich uh you know Michael
shellenberger Matt taibe right so it's a
fairly long
list but the Democrat strategy has to be
to make sure that their base never hears
from any of us now they've done a good
job on me and I don't know exactly how
they did it so I don't think it's just
because I got cancelled
but I do not have really contact with
actual normal
Democrats the only ones I see are
obviously paid or by Hobby they want to
be trolls so the only Democrats I get
are the ones who come in no matter what
I say no matter how valid no matter how
well expressed they come into my
comments and they say well why are we
listening to somebody who threw away
everything is a disgrace
cartoonist
right so the the main thing they want to
do is make sure that nobody on their
team hears anything I
say now I've also heard that there's a
over a million person list block list
and I don't know how you access that but
apparently you can block all the other
people who are blocked by somebody else
on some list is that a thing that's a
real thing right I don't know how you do
that but I'm told it's the thing so it
might be that the Democrats have figured
out how to game the
xplatform by you know we we're all over
on the xplatform thinking we got our
Free Speech back it's like yeah you know
elon's fighting for us and got her Free
Speech back but at least on X we have
free speech no you don't all the
Democrats did is they figured out a way
to make Democrats not see your free
speech so you have the freedom to talk
to your self yeah you have the
 freedom to talk to yourself and
if you talk out loud you have the
freedom to say stuff that don't annoy
anybody in power because they will find
a way to put you in jail that's
the system do you think Seth McFarland
knows
that
no because he's never going to sit in a
room with me he's never going to sit in
a room with Mike Ben never going to sit
in a room with Glenn Greenwald or
Michael shellenberger or Matt
taibe never so there's no way he'll ever
know do you think you'll see this
imagine if you will that um well we'll
turn it let's say there's somebody
notable person who does a extended
podcast in which I'm mentioned 25 times
do you think somebody would mention it
to me of course it would take about five
seconds before somebody would send me
the link and they'd say hey this person
said a bunch of things about you happens
every day literally every day somebody
sends me a link and says hey somebody
talk about you do you think he gets
those
links bet
not I bet he'll never never see this
because nobody will well and even if
somebody sent him a link what would he
likely say well why would I listen to a
disgraced
racist why would he spend the time it
would be crazy and if he did listen to
it without having the priming of all the
all the background and context that most
of you have it would sound
crazy I would sound crazy right now for
just saying what I've already said on
this podcast
right would you agree that I would sound
crazy to someone who didn't have any
background on what's going
on yeah so probably the only reason I'm
still alive is that I've been completely
marginalized to talking to people who
already agree with me that could be
it so we're all waiting for the Black
Swan event I saw um number of people
have mentioned it now online so now that
we see the gears of the machine and we
know that one of the mechanisms of
control is jinning up fake
emergencies that will give the people in
power more
power so we're all expecting a big one
to happen between now and election
day but here's the thing do you think
they manufacture Black Swan
events or do they just wait for one to
happen because there's always one coming
along and then they just capitalize on
it because if you think let's say George
Floyd was a Black Swan event I say no it
wasn't it was an OP it was a it was a it
was an ordinary event tragic but
unfortunately ordinary that somebody
died of an overdose but then it got
turned into by the fake media into he
was murdered do you think that Seth
McFarland knows that the whole George
Floyd thing was
fake and that he just died of an
overdose and the the news and the corner
were pressured and basically it was just
a a white guy got put in jail for maybe
he didn't do a perfect job but he
certainly didn't kill
him so yeah no if if uh if a Democrat
heard me say that which apparently they
never
will I'm totally walled off from them if
they heard me say that the George Floyd
thing is obviously and clearly and every
Republican knows it was
uh the most gross violation of Justice I
think I've ever seen in my adult life I
don't know it's hard to think of a worse
a worse situation than watching somebody
not murder somebody and then they go to
jail for it so that's what I watched I
watched somebody not murder somebody and
then go to jail for
murder and I think a lot of you thought
the same thing now at the time I didn't
say a lot about it because it was too
dangerous but now I'm completely walled
off from all
trolls so they'll never see it anyway so
I can just say it out loud plus I'm
canceled so I can say anything I
want well rasmon uh did a poll on Biden
policies 49% of likely us voters say
that Biden's policies have hurt them so
basically half of the country that votes
think Biden's policies have hurt them
well how many would say the same about
Trump um for let's say
uh uh 34% say Trump's policies hurt
them compared to 49% so big big
difference and people trust Trump more
than Biden on
economics in a normal world would you
say well it's pretty obvious what's
going to happen here we've got one
person who's just way better on
immigration and economics and that
seemed to be our biggest issue so
obviously the one who is way ahead on
economics is going to win because as we
learned in the Bill Clinton
campaign it's about the economy stupid
well I don't think those rules apply
anymore I think the new rules are that
um whoever is really in charge of our
country can make anybody the president
they want and if something goes wrong
they can blow his head off in a uh in a
convertible in in
Texas that's what I
think all right
um so so here's some more
uh some more news so end wokeness again
has reported that Google changed their
search results for the definition of the
word
bloodbath now there was a time when I
would have automatically said that
didn't
happen they they didn't just like right
in front of you change the definition of
a word to match the Democrat uh
spin but he's got screenshots he's got a
screenshot from before the whole
bloodbath uh thing and one of the
definitions was very clearly a blood
bath could also refer besides the you
know human violence part can also refer
to an economic loss that could be a
bloodbath it said it explicitly one of
the definitions is an economic bad
outcome and as of today the got rid of
that part of the definition and now it
just says it's physical
violence did that really happen right in
front of
us like I'm having trouble believing
that it's not just something an odity of
how you
search and and maybe it's you know one
person got I'm having trouble believing
this one on the other hand it is now
well within the realm of things we've
already seen happen would you gr if you
had asked me
in the year
2000 did Google just go on and change
the definition of a word so that the
democrat's narrative which is completely
made up would be more supported I would
have said in 2020 or 20 2000 let's say I
would have said well I don't think
they'd do that right in front of the
world because we could see it and people
would call them out and then they would
you know be embarrassed and it'd be bad
for them but we don't live in that world
anymore we live in a world where they
can do it right in front of you and
there's nothing you can do because again
the only per people are going to hear
about it are the people in my bubble
with me like you you're in my bubble if
you're watching this or we could say
it's your bubble and I'm in your bubble
if you like it that
way but no I think this actually is
happening you know I wouldn't bet my
life on it I think it's a 6040 situation
there might be something else we find
out about it but at the moment it looks
like the system is so
corrupt that they change the definition
of a word or right in front of you now I
was saying before we went live I was
talking to the locals people privately
and I was saying that for my entire life
people have been saying oh it's like
1984 now in the
70s and I'd say oh is it is it really
and then you know 10 years go past and
ah well now it's 1984 we're definitely
1984 now and I would say but are we you
know you said that 10 years
ago but now I have to agree if you're
actually watching words change their
definition in real time to match the bad
things that Democrats want to do to the
other side if that's really happening
and it does look like it is I could be
wrong so I'm I'm not going to say % on
this one but if it
is yeah we're in
1984 I I think this is when you could
call it you could say it's it's been
creeping up on us for a long time but
yeah yeah if they're changing the
definition of words in real time that
would answer all of your questions about
what kind of a system we're in now do
you think that Seth
McFarland will ever hear that the
bloodbath thing was taken out of context
I doubt it
and will he ever hear that they that
Google changed the definition of it
allegedly probably not no there's no who
would tell them because if you're not
watching this podcast or following the
same people I follow on X and I know
they're not how would you know is it
going to be on
CNN do you think CNN will report that
Google changed the definition of the
word if it
happened all right I'm seeing something
that might be an answer to that
oh yeah let let me read the famous
George Orwell 1984 quote somebody put it
in the
comments so this is from 1984 quote
every record has been destroyed or
falsified every book Rewritten every
picture has been repainted every statue
and Street building has been renamed
every date has been altered and the
process is continuing day by day and
minute by minute history has stopped
nothing exists except an endless present
in which the party is always right
does that describe our current
situation
Tu yeah yeah you're we're we're actually
watching
history
Rewritten at in real time history is
being erased you know my I've talked
about this before but the history of me
you know the public record of me and who
I am and what I've done it's all
changed and it's all it's all fake my my
books have been erased any good work
I've ever done completely gone and now
and now I'm watching my greatest
contributions to really the the most
important things I've ever done are now
routinely being credited to other
people which is weird watching it happen
in real time routinely just other people
are being credited with things I
literally invented that that changed a
lot all
right um let's see what else we got
going on here how many of you saw the
balinsky thing I'm I'm still shaking my
head because it was so amazing so here's
how to understand that so balinsky was a
hunter Biden's business partner and he
testified in the impeachment trial I
guess it was to the house oversight
committee and the Democrats had to shut
him down as best they could um and they
succeeded so the bad news is that Bob
Linsky would things that made it very
clear that the Biden family was a
criminal influence organization they
were taking money from somebody they
knew to be uh president she's
Protege like they knew that and they
still were going to do like millions of
dollars of business which would have you
know made them be Holden to she
indirectly and then the whole thing in
Ukraine uh we Now understand it was just
an energy grab uh by our Intel and and
military people in NATO and people were
going to make a zillion dollars on it
and the bidens were part of that and so
certainly it looks like a Farah
violations it looks like Rico meaning
that they were a lot of people were
coordinating for Criminal
Intent which is what AOC calls no
evidence of a crime so she kept saying
to balinsky and overt talking him did
you personally see Joe Biden commit a
crime now you have to see her liar eyes
she does liar eyes you know more
obviously than most people so look for
the wrinkled forehead and the eyebrows
that are practically up to your hairline
when you say things you know are not
true so so when she's like so you're
saying there's no
crime and then Bob Linsky would say yes
there's a crime there's Farah there's
Rico
so you didn't see any crimes yeah yes I
did so the Farah so the RICO so you're
saying you didn't see any
crimes and she just her eyes just get
wider and wider as the things she's
saying are stupider and stupider because
the wide eyes are or how you signal you
want somebody to believe your
 when you know what you're
saying is true you don't do that wideeye
thing right here here's how you say
things you think are are reasonable and
normal and
true so Mr balinsky you've made a lot of
claims but did you did you directly
witness uh any
crimes that would be somebody who thinks
they have a good point and that uh the
information alone would tell the story
they want to be told if they know the
information is not telling the story
they want to be told they talk over you
and they open your eyes so they're like
these giant saucers and they and they
pretend that you didn't say what you
just said
Mr balinsky what color is the sky during
the daytime when there are no clouds uh
that would be blue why do you say the
sky is purple well I said the sky is
blue why do you continue to say it's
purple well no I didn't say that I was
just saying blue why why why give me one
reason why you keep
lying and then the people who don't know
the situation which is almost everybody
because it's too complicated are going
to look at that and they're going to say
well the only thing I remember is that a
AOC said there was no evidence of any
crimes so I guess the bidens are
fine and do you think that Seth
McFarland took any time to watch the
balinsky um stuff no no why would he
it's too complicated it's too wonky you
feel like you've already seen it before
uh
Etc
seeing some more definitions so did
other did other sources also change the
definition all right so some have it
right some have it wrong the blood
bloodbath definition all right so I
would say judge Janine I thought um had
the best filter on this it is it is true
and AOC was very clever to do it she's a
clever Persuader she knew that if she
just yelled but you didn't personally
see a crime and she said said it enough
that her idiot followers would think
that's what happened um however as judge
nen says this would be sort of a um
circumstantial case meaning that if you
put everything we know in one argument
well it's obvious a criminal
organization it's obvious obvious super
super obvious that it's you know an
illegitimate skey operation and that
they were way too close to people who
could have influenced them like China's
president shei and all that Badness in
Ukraine and as long as the Democrats
don't understand all of the details of
the allegations and they don't because
they're not going to watch
balinsky then they can say well I
haven't heard anything that sounds bad
to
me so uh AOC is part of the turd caucus
the turd caucus of the people who will
say absolutely anything in public
because they know you won't check so
that'd be uh shiff swell you know
Brennan Clapper the um JB Rasin so there
there's this group of maybe a dozen
people that as soon as you see them you
know that they don't have an argument so
they're sending out the turd caucus to
to lie to you to your face and they're
just hoping that you don't check on
anything all right we're going to tell a
bunch of Lies I hope you we don't check
anything so the thing that they should
be looking at is to see whether there's
a pattern and a fact a set of facts
which would clearly show that the Biden
crime family was doing stuff and kicking
back money to Joe and and that they were
pretty close to power in other countries
in a way that is
uncomfortable anyway uh Kyle Becker
finally
snapped I should say that uh because
Kyle's a great follow speaking of
independent journalist types so F follow
Kyle Becker he's great anyway he posted
today I don't feel like the United
States has a government anymore it's
just a criminal organization looting
taxpayers for trillions greenlighting
and illegal alien invasion and acting as
accomplices to foreign subversion by the
communist Chinese that's pretty
close what do you think yeah Goldman's
another part of the turd caucus
but I think that's pretty good summation
I do think that we have a uh that the
government is more of a criminal
organization I think that's I think
that's just so obvious now that you can
say
that and uh meanwhile the US is calling
on the US Security Council the UN
Security Council for a ceasefire in Gaza
you think that's going to happen you
think there's going to be a ceasefire in
Gaza because the UN Security Council
called for one nope I don't think so I
think Israel is going to do what Israel
is going to do now in my
opinion as I've said before one of the
greatest assets that Israel has had
since its founding is The Narrative of
the Holocaust because once you have the
Holocaust narrative working in your
favor people don't want to do it to you
again and you know it's it's a very it
puts up guardrails you know for behavior
that makes sense
however if you spend that Goodwill let's
call it Goodwill uh in a weird way the
the idea that the the Holocaust
narrative should influence all of us you
know not just people who had some direct
connection to it and I think that has
always been a good benefit to Israel
because nobody wants to see the
Holocaust happen again so if it looks
like Israel is threatened there are a
lot of people who are automatically
primed to say no never again we can't
let a holocaust must happen so that's
always been one of Israel's greatest
assets and I think that they've used it
wisely um but
now it looks like Netanyahu is going to
spend that savings account meaning that
when this is all said and done and again
if if you think you're seeing my opinion
in this I'm trying to leave my opinion
out I'm just going to describe it and
I'm trying to do it just you know
without any
bias the Holocaust narrative I think
will be completely destroyed by whatever
happens in Gaza and I think they've
already crossed that point where I don't
think the Holocaust narrative will um
ever be operative the way it used to be
because I think for forever more every
time it comes up somebody's going to say
well what about Gaza now I'm not telling
you that's a good or bad comparison
person I'm there's no opinion in what
I'm saying I'm just describing what is
the likely outcome and but here's the uh
the surprise
switch it sounded like I was kind of
criticizing Nan yahu didn't it because I
said he was just he was just spending
their greatest
asset but you know
what here's the thing that's hard to
predict this looks like a good
investment to me and again that's not an
opinion or or a value judgment just cold
clear cash if you had the Holocaust
narrative in your pocket and it was your
asset and you saw that you could once
and for all maybe remove your biggest
risk in the
area through somewhat dramatic actions
that might be a good expense trading
trading the Holocaust narrative and its
protective uh it's protective qualities
might be a good tradeoff if what you get
is no neighbors that want to kill you
every minute of the day that might
actually be worth the expense and I
think Netanyahu is smart enough to know
that it looks like a good investment but
he's going to have to eat worldwide
for
ever
Netanyahu will never recover from the
Gaza situation he's I think he basically
just tied himself I'm not going to give
you I was going to make a a Christian uh
analogy but let me back off on that one
um I think that Netanyahu is literally
sacrificing his reputation and if not
his life at the same time he's spending
the Holocaust narrative the biggest
asset and it is one hell of a big
swing because if in the long run this
works out me meaning that Israel has all
this extra land that they've dominated
their you know their neighbors are no
longer tried to kill them they have a
much bigger territory and therefore
bigger uh economy and they're safer he's
going to look like a
genius but at the moment it's hard for
any civilized person to back him because
if you see what's happening in Gaza you
don't really want to say well I back
that guy that's doing
that because you you didn't back the
Holocaust you don't back anything that
involves lots of people getting killed I
mean it's just hard to be a good person
and back any kind of military action
against people who many of them are
civilians so you can you can hate the
evil and Badness of it while still
saying okay but is it a good
play will will history judge Netanyahu
to be one of the greatest
leaders or one of the worst
I guarantee he will be judged one of the
worst for years to come because it'll be
like the the Gaza will be the stain that
can't be
removed but when he's
dead and maybe it's 30 years from now
people are going to look back with you
know a different filter and they're
going to say maybe you know this would
be the optimistic case maybe they might
say you know I didn't like any of that
stuff I definitely didn't like you Gaza
went no no good person could be in favor
of your massive death but it looks like
it worked
out that's a possibility and it's a
strong one so you the the thing you
shouldn't do is believe that Netanyahu
doesn't know how anything
Works Netanyahu knows how everything
works and so he's making a play that on
paper looks like it could be one of the
greatest plays that Israel's ever done
to their future security and you know
the the future of the
country but it's very risky it's very
risky and they could lose their greatest
asset and and still end up with
dangerous neighbors so it's by no means
safe but boy is a
gutsy and honestly I I'd probably play
it the same
way you know I always try to put myself
in this situation which is hard to do
you know because there's you can't
really put yourself in other people's
situation um but you can get closer if
you at least spend some time thinking
about what that would be like
and I think he's taking a hell of a
patriotic U risk
personally so oh could be wrong I'm not
there I don't know the people personally
so I could be wrong about
everything all right uh yes we all we
all agree that Israel is in a self-de
defensive uh
frame
um did he
forget Cortez what's
that all right ladies and gentlemen this
concludes the best show
ever all right
um B cancels six billion in student loan
debt
huh interesting I'll check up on that
story uh what's the difference between
an opinion and a
prediction what is the difference
between an opinion and a prediction well
the opinion usually has value
judgments a prediction doesn't
necessarily have value right so an
opinion might be I don't think Israel
should do what they're doing but a
prediction would be they're going to
keep doing what they're doing
do that does that work as a difference
between an opinion and a
prediction so you could argue that I
have an opinion about my prediction but
that gets a little
wordy all right thanks for joining
everybody uh locals people I'm going to
see you after I cut off this I'll open
up a new feed for the after show
discussion thanks for joining here on
YouTube and Rumble and x and the and
locals as well but I'll talk to locals
people separately bye for
now