oh
no we don't seem to be
working well I don't know if you can
hear or see me but it's not working on
my end I'm going to have to get out get
back in oh there I
am looks like we're here let me know if
you see any major technical problems
this
morning well stocks are
mixed minine are up
but I hope yours are too all right we
got a show today it's going to be the
show of
shows possibly one of the best things
you've ever
seen just got to make sure I can see all
my
comments everything's looking a little
slow today
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a CER
margar glass a tanker cheler Stein a
canteen Jer flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now darn
it
go so
good all
right ladies and gentlemen would you
like to uh find out what's in the news
today
we'll start with some scientific Golden
Age
stuff did you know the higher caffeine
consumption is associated with improved
social cognition and executive function
according to the Journal of
psychopharmacology well I wonder if
there was a faster way to find that out
yes you could have asked me coffee makes
you better in every way would you be
surprised to know that there's a battery
breakthrough yet another one
this one sounds pretty good so according
to Brighter Side news there's a
breakthrough that should extend electric
vehicle ranged over 3,000 miles on a
single charge so that would be 10 times
what it is now so they're looking at a
10 times Improvement in uh technology
and all they did was uh they engineered
a special binding material that pre
prevents a high-capacity silicon anode
from expanding which is exactly what
I've been telling them to do
I mean how long have I been saying
you're going to get a lot more energy
out of these things if only you would
engineer a special binding material that
prevents a high-capacity silicon anode
from expanding kind of obvious if you
think about it but uh the result is a
lithium battery with 10 times the
capacity of those with ordinary
old-fashioned graphite
anod graphite anode who wants that when
you can have 10 times better
well here's another scientific study
that they could have maybe ignored
Gilmore Health news reports that people
more are more likely to become friends
with people who smell like
them so people are more likely to become
friends with people who smell like
them do you think that that science is
reliable here's my first question don't
you think you could reliably figure out
who smells like you by looking at a
picture of
them if I showed you a picture let's say
if you were
25 and I showed you a picture of another
25-year-old person with the same
cultural
background and then I showed you a
picture of a 90-year-old person from a
different cultural background which one
would you think you would smell more
like you you probably smell like people
who look like you and act like you you
and have your same background and
culture eat the same Foods you know the
same same part of life so you sort of
smell different when you're young maybe
you have the same kind of bath products
because young people would use a
different set of you know colog and
things than old people would do young
people use cologne I don't even know if
that's the thing
anymore but uh I'm going to say I don't
believe the study because there would be
too many things that would infect that
study by the time you smelled somebody
you've al already seen them and probably
made your
decisions so yeah there's something
there's a correlation but I don't think
it's a I don't think you can make
friends by changing your smell unless
unless you smell
bad maybe that would work well China has
a spherical Patrol robot so it's about
the size of a big tire on a
car and it's got rubber tread on it
except it's it's more circular it's like
an orb and it rolls around and it can uh
help patrols and it can uh it can go
into water I guess it works on water or
streets and it can detect and stop crime
by
itself now I don't there I saw one of
these that might have been a Japanese
one that would shoot a net and capture
you that seems pry pretty dangerous but
yeah pretty soon you'll have robots
doing all the news of or doing all the
work of the
police and then you can defund the
police because the robots can work 24
hours a day police good for eight plus
overtime all right here's a uh story
that bothers
me um so Jake Tapper and CNN are in this
defamation lawsuit brought by this Navy
veteran Zachary young and guess when
Jake was doing the news one day um he
mentioned some things the details don't
matter but the Jake mentioned some kind
of black market and then he mentioned
this guy um and it made it seem like
this guy was part of the black market
would it which would have made him part
of the problem in I think in Afghanistan
whereas he might have been you know more
like part of the solution
so because of the maybe lack of clarity
with the CNN reporting it ended up being
defamatory and apparently the uh Navy
veterans doing well in court so
far because um there's definitely it
looks like there's definitely grounds
for this and even though CNN tried to
protect itself by issuing a uh
clarification or correction uh the Court
ruled that they did a poor job on it and
so it might not count meaning that if
the story got a certain amount of
attention the correction has to get
something like at least a good faith
effort to get similar attention for the
correction and the thinking is that that
CNN ran its main story and you know a
high high visibility time but kind of
gave a short shrift is that what it's
called they they kind of went light on
the
correction but I don't know how you
could not go light on the correction
because the corrections a much smaller
story than whatever the big story was
that you you made a mistake on but
here's my problem on
this um I totally get how the Navy
veteran could feel that this affected
his life in a way that monetary
settlement makes sense I kind of get
that but here's what really bothers me
about it um as much as you might not
like Jake taper's political views or his
coverage which would be my
case he has been really solid on helping
veterans he's like so Pro military
especially injured veterans Etc and and
I worked with Jake on some veteran
projects when we were doing some
cartooning things long story but he's
got a long he's got a long history of
being right with the military and being
respectful and making sure they get lots
of attention uh working personally on
his own time to make sure that they help
raise funds so I hate to see a situation
where this Navy veteran who does seem to
have a
case he seems to have a real case and
the courts are agreeing so far um but I
hate that he's taking down somebody who
would be so much on his
side that there's got to be some way to
make that
better without without taking down
somebody who your
ally right so if if you can separate for
a moment that you don't like maybe Jake
tapper's framing of news which would be
my case I don't think you can take away
from him that he's got I don't know
decades or so of being really really
positive for the
military I don't know do you want to
lose that it's a tough
one um there's a lawyer writer who wrote
for the LA Times who's quitting his name
is Harry Pitman and he he said he'd
rather work somewhere where
um where they didn't have fair and
balance reporting about
Trump so his problem is that the newish
owner of the LA times has said and made
a big deal about the fact that they're
not going to be in the just in the tank
for Democrats but rather they're going
to try to be real news where they show
you know something fair and balanced but
here's a lawyer and an opinion guy who
literally couldn't handle fair and
balanced and says directly
that uh uh that you shouldn't be fair
and balance because quote someone who is
not telling the truth on the other side
so here's a lawyer who who had been
writing for a major newspaper who
somehow got it into his mind that
Democrats don't
lie H how could you go through the past
four years and not know that the Biden
Administration massively lied about
everything including
Biden's brain the biggest lie we've seen
the fine people hoax does he think
that's
true how how in the world it's just so
puzzling how in the world could you work
work in the
domain the very domain of news and not
be aware that one side lies pretty much
all the time now do the Republicans lie
a lot does Trump say things that
Democrats think are not true yes
but to imagine it's only happening on
one
side and also to imagine that the nature
of the disinformation is
similar Trump makes claims that are
observable and that he might be
exaggerating but they're sort of
observable yes there's crime coming in
from you know uh open
borders maybe he says there's more than
there
is Maybe
we all understand there's more crime
it's it's it's observable but then you
take the Russia collusion hoax or the
fine people hoax um the drinking bleach
hoax these are
really wellestablished complete hoaxes
this is completely different from
somebody who has a little
hyperbole all right edmin we're we're
going to be deleting you after this so
have fun until today's today's program
in the comments i' I've got some drunk
and troll uh on my subscription
platform that I'll be deleting as soon
as we're
done
um so anyway it's it just amazes me that
anybody can say in public they think one
side's lying and the other is not that
feels like the lowest level of
understanding your
reality could could you be more lost
than thinking only one side is telling
the
truth that that's as lost as you could
be it's kind of amazing well anyway
there's a uh according to PJ media
there's a house Republican who's trying
to get an award for Daniel peny the
highest civilian award which would be
the uh Congressional gold
medal um so it would be giving him that
because he's a US Marine veteran who
defended himself and fellow passengers
against a threatening homeless
person um before being unjustly
prosecuted by da Elvin brag now that's
PJ media stake
um well here's my question so first of
all let me enthusiastically Endor that
yes even if he is unfairly convicted he
should get the uh
oh did I just uh I just quiet didn't
I looks like we're
done
well let's see what happened there so I
just got a blank screen on my
end uh I think you can see me
now but I think we're back all right yes
we're back say the comments All right so
I was saying that Daniel Penny should
definitely get the Congressional gold
medal even if he is unfairly prosecuted
I think we'll find out maybe tomorrow
what the jury is doing in that
case but I would like to ask you the
following question would Daniel Penny be
in
jail except for identity politics
if we were not a country obsessed with
race would Daniel peny even be
prosecuted if you simply revers the
races and you said that the hero Marine
was a black American and there was a
crazy white guy that looked just like
Daniel peny and he was threatening
people on a bus and the Marine black man
uh took him down and saved all the
people in the car do you think be
arrested I don't think there's any
chance of that now it it seems to me
that the justice system is
broken um by identity
politics would you
agree now it was also bad in you know
anytime that if you were let's say
especially bad you know 50 years ago if
you were a black person who got picked
up you're not going to be treated as
well I think we agree that that was the
case so it's not good in either
direction but um we can't say it's good
now that's for sure so here's my take on
that so I think that identity politics
is destroying the justice
system
but how how in the world does identity
politics not destroy everything it
touches so if you were to say to me
Scott we're going to take you back in
time there's been no Dei or CRT or any
identity politics but we're thinking
about implementing it and we want to see
what you think of this plan so we're
going to change the focus from Merit and
everybody's an American to we really
need to help some groups more than
others in special ways and identity is a
good way to really focus on who needs
the extra help and making things fairer
and
better I would have said huh um if you
want your country to be successful you
need something like unity and
brainwashing basically that makes
everybody think they're on the same team
you know
America if you do the opposite and you
remind people that they're all special
and different and they need to be
treated uniquely and that maybe you owe
them something on paper that should
destroy the entire
country right if I simply described it
to you in objective language before any
of it had ever been implemented
you would have said oh that's the
opposite of unity a country needs Unity
like more than anything it needs Unity
otherwise you're just bickering with
each other and you'd be susceptible to
external risks but if you're unified you
build up this strong economy and
everybody's doing well and then you've
got a strong military you're safe right
so the most dangerous thing you could do
is change from uh America as an
identity to identity is the main thing
you're looking at which is the opposite
of unity so it should have destroyed it
but it goes further remember I've taught
you that we're not good at knowing
what's real that includes me right we we
have these impressions of what's real
and we probably live in this subjective
reality anyway and we're all filtering
things through our biases Etc so one of
the things I teach you is that the
closest you can get to
reality is whether it predicts so do you
have a worldview that can more
accurately than chance tell you what's
going to happen next right so for
example in 2015 when I said whoa this
Trump fellow has a full toolbox of
persuasion I predicted that he would win
Against All
Odds so probably that was an example of
something like reality because it
predicted a further prediction of
identity politics would look like this
that since identity politics should
destroy everything it touches then you
should see the things it touches first
and hardest get destroyed first and
hardest would you agree so far that if
you're going to make a prediction and
you said okay I predict that identity
politics Will Destroy Everything it
touches further to that prediction
whatever it touches first should be the
first thing to achieve total Destruction
right that would be an obvious
prediction
so where did the identity stuff start
not in America as a whole because it
didn't really catch on with the the
right side of the country and a lot of
Independence but it started really hard
with
Democrats so the Democrats fully
embraced identity politics before the
country fully embraced it so the country
is sort of half onboard half offboard so
you should predict from that that the
entity that fully embraced it would be
the one to be fully destroyed by it
before the other entity that's only half
accepted it gets fully
destroyed and that's what happened the
Democrat Party is fully
destroyed they they picked the Dei hire
for vice president which locked them in
reduced their options now remember what
I tell you when when I complain about
Dei and this is the most important thing
that can be said it's not about
anybody's genes it's not about your
culture it's only about limiting the
number of people you consider for a
position and anytime you limit your
options you should end up with worse
results it wouldn't matter if you're a
plumber let's say you're a plumber and
you only have one tool are you going to
do as well as a plumber who's got a
bunch of tools no obviously not
so so the Democrats they pick their Dei
higher because they had had
to becomes vice president then when you
have to make that difficult decision the
one where picking the right vice
president really matters for
capability and you know as long as the
vice president is not doing much the the
Dei selection is fine it's just a
symbolic thing that sits over there in
the corner but as soon as the country
needed a vice
president um we realized that the Dei
had limited their options so even the
Democrats revealed or understood that
they had painted themselves in a corner
but understanding that they had painted
themselves in a corner wasn't enough to
escape because they're painted in a
corner Like There's No Escape you
created a situation which you can't
escape now will the rest of the Country
Escape it might because it's only half
infected the other half has absolutely
rejected it from the start and uh maybe
a Trump Administration can can move
against
that the other thing that you should
predict is since we know from the mental
health professionals that the more you
think about external things such as how
can I help somebody at work how can I
help my family you know what can I do
for my friends um just external things
that makes sure you you have better
mental health than somebody who walks
into every situation says how's this
affecting me but like how how do I
uniquely have a problem in this
situation what what about
me now identity politics is the ultimate
what about
me because you walk into every situation
and say all right I'm the only black
lesbian here so I need to like get into
that identity and really defend it make
sure that the black lesbians are
represented and and not discriminated
against what should that do to your
mental
health now it has nothing do with being
black or lesbian but rather has
everything to do with focusing on your
specific internal situation as opposed
to the world it should give you mental
health problems and indeed predictably
Democrats have massive mental health
problems that are not shared by
Republicans so Republicans have an
America frame which is external you know
even though we're in it it's it's an
external focus and sure enough their
mental health is good exactly like you
would
predict if if you'd never seen this and
you just went back in time you said all
right here's the deal half the country
is going to going to focus on their own
their own problems the other half is
going to feel like they're part of a
larger thing and they're going to focus
on making the larger thing better which
also requires them to fix their own
problems but their focus is on America
which one which one has better mental
health 10 years from now it's
obvious like I believe 100 % of mental
health people would agree with me at
this point maybe the would of 10 years
ago but but given our current
perspective I think they
would all right um speaking of which
according to the National
pulse uh a judge has upheld an
anti-white race-based admission policy
for Naval
Academy so the idea was you know if
colleges can't use race for admissions
what about the Naval Academy
well according to the judge they can use
race as an admission
criteria um because the judge said that
the academy has tied its use of race to
the realization of an officer core that
represents the country it protects and
the people it
leads this one's a little more
complicated than than others because
remember the military is the one place
where all that matters is you get the
right result
so even if you don't like it that you
know for example if you're 400 PBS and
you want to join the military they're
going to say
no they get to do that if you're blind
and you want to be a pilot the military
is going to say you know nothing against
you but you can't be a
pilot um so the military
does does very specifically have the
right to discriminate by anything it
wants it just has to discriminate in a
way that makes sense so it comes down to
this
question would our military be more
capable if we had better diversity in
the in the officer
Corp now here we're going to assume well
let's just take the assumption that
everybody's capable so so they didn't
force it with Dei just everybody's
capable if everybody were
capable I would agree that a diverse
officer
Corp might make you a little better off
you might might make people more likely
to join they might accept the decisions
a little bit
more however we don't really live in
that world do
we we don't live in a world where like
everything stays the same except the one
variable you're
changing if we lived in that world I
think I'd be in favor of
this because having a diverse officer
Corp if it made you a more effective
military force
the military does get to discriminate
and if they're discriminating against
white men but it makes the military
stronger I don't know I don't have a
huge problem with it but the question is
do they have their assumption
right is this form of discrimination
which is blatant discrimination they're
not they're not trying to hide the fact
that it's
discriminatory which I like I like
they're not trying to hide that yes it's
definitely discriminatory against white
men
but we're going to make an argument that
it makes the military
stronger well in the real world what
that's going to cause is a Dei bubble of
less competent people in management
roles because it's the same
everywhere yeah if there were exactly as
many capable people who were vying for
the positions then I would say you know
under that situation because you you
could have good officers no matter what
because you have so many under that
situation you know maybe
diversity does make sense as a goal if
it makes the military stronger makes me
safer but that's not the case the case
is you would almost certainly end up
with a less capable military because
your officers would be sort of forced
through the funnel of uh you know I'm
going to get fired I'll get demoted if I
don't promote a diverse set of
subordinate officers so it should on
paper lead to a complete destruction of
the
military right on paper it should and
what do we see we see that enrollment of
uh white
men has dropped through the
floor um there is a slight increase in
non-white men joining the military but
not enough to keep it functional so at
the moment our military is on a death
spiral
meaning that they can't they can't get
enough people to join and uh the
specific place is exactly where you'd
expect it to be because if I told you
hey we're going to uh discriminate
against I don't know uh some specific
religion and there's a reason don't
worry about it there's a good reason it
makes the military stronger if we keep
your religion out of it you know so your
religion you can't join the military
would you expect those
people to join the military if the
military said you can join but we're not
going to make you an
officer of course not of course not you
wouldn't join so we're seeing Dei
destroy the
military because if it doesn't have
enough you know capable humans in the
officer positions it's going to be
destroyed like anything else so in
theory we should see the entire
military um become almost as functional
if it if it stays with the Dei thing now
Trump could change that so we'll see
according to Fox News they did a did a
take and they looked at Fortune 500
companies and they said that almost all
of them still have a Dei so we we hear a
lot of PR prominent stories about Dei
being reversed in Walmart and John Deere
and anywhere that Robbie Starbucks
focuses on basically Bally
and but you shouldn't feel that that's
that means that's the beginning of the
end of
Dei but I asked the following
question corporations are risk
averse so they just want to do whatever
keeps them out of trouble so to me it
makes perfect sense and it's also
perfectly predictable that most of them
would still have their Dei departments
because so far the the push against it
is not nearly as big as the you know the
proponents of it so they're just playing
a save and I don't disagree with that
because the corporation is working on
behalf of the stakeholders the
shareholders and the shareholders just
want
money so so if I invest in a company I
don't want it to you know destroy itself
by acting opposite of what the public
wants it to do and then then it gets
boycotted and all that so I understand
why what big companies are risk averse
so the only way that's going to
change is if the government says you
have to stop this Dei stuff it's illegal
and I asked the following question can
Trump make it illegal and I know I'm
using the word wrong but I'll clarify in
a moment can Trump make it illegal for
corporations to have Dei
programs now when I say make it illegal
my my non- lawyer understanding of an
executive order is that the executive
order simply teaches you how to
interpret current law do I have that
right is there some lawyers on here who
can fact check me on that an executive
order he only has the authority to sort
of interpret how the current laws were
meant to work right but that's a lot of
power because our laws are written with
enough ambiguity that you could say yes
you know we're going to open the Border
no the law says close the border so you
can interpret it any way you want So it
seems to
me that Trump could simply say the
Constitution says it's illegal to
discriminate against race so that's the
current
law and all these companies are
discriminating on Race that's what Dei
does so therefore all these companies
are in violation of the Constitution and
I can send the FBI after them or
Department of Justice whoever it
is right am I wrong that he can simply
say the existing law says Dei is racism
so therefore I you know my executive
order says that the Department of
Justice should Target anybody who's
involved in
racism would that
work I know there's like several level
levels of you know I'm sure there's
levels of
lawyerly details that I'm not
understanding but just in
general could the government Force the
individual companies to back off on Dei
I think they could but I I'll look for a
fact check on
that uh meanwhile Jay-Z has been accused
of raping a 13-year-old 20 years ago I
guess and he denies
it
um and I have to say
you know because of
Diddy and Jay-Z being a buddy of Diddy
and you know regular attendees to the
parties we do all just assume that Jay-Z
is guilty
right but should we should
we yeah I get to take the more difficult
stance and say that uh he's innocent to
proven guilty and this particular charge
I don't find especially credible
so so there's two issues that could be
separated
one did Jay-Z do anything sketchy or
illegal at any of these Diddy parties or
anywhere else and the answer is I don't
know I how would I know but the second
question is is the specific specific
charge which basically is Money
Motivated remember it's not a criminal
charge well don't remember I didn't tell
you it's not a criminal charge it's an
indiv idual who got a
lawyer to sue him
for I I think I think they're not asking
for money they're just they were suing
for some kind of acknowledgement or
something I I think they said it was
like an acknowledgement but Jay-Z I
think is treating it like it's a
Shakedown because there might be a money
element that that is the only way to
solve it so he might not be wrong about
the money Shakedown which is independent
from the question of whether he did
anything wrong
because you could have a money Shakedown
whether he did something wrong or not
somebody could make the claim so I'm
going to say this one's a coin
flip it's a coin flip and again I'm not
judging if Jay-Z ever did anything bad
in his life I don't
know I mean I have I have my assumptions
but I don't know so as an American
citizen innocent will proven guilty but
do I do I think that this one fairly
stale
accusation do I think this specific one
is
true um I don't find it
credible now that doesn't mean I'm
saying it's not true remember when I use
the word credible it it's not about
whether it's true or false that part I
don't know it's just whether it comes
across as true or false it's just how I
receive it and how I received this is
this this looks exactly like what every
celebrity gets blamed it it just it just
looks like they found a way to get some
money out of him it doesn't mean that
he's
innocent definitely not saying that but
it also definitely doesn't mean he's
guilty so keep an eye on this one U my
only concern is that in our Zeal to make
sure that all the the truly criminal
people get you know get treated like
criminals we we may reach a little too
so let's just be careful about
that
um The Washington Post as as uh Molly
haming way pointed out the Washington
Post has a headline once spurn Trump is
FedEd in Paris so the Washington Post is
basically doing a big headline that says
that Trump who was their you know number
one enemy the first time he was
president that uh he's being treated
like a celebrity in Europe which is a
very positive thing to say about Trump
and it's especially surprising when it
comes from the Washington Post which you
would expect to be more propaganda
against Republicans than any kind of
legitimate news but remember I always
tell you that if you know what happened
you don't know anything but if you know
who is
involved well then you might know
something so if if I told you that the
only thing that happened was the
Washington Post changed how they talked
about Trump you might say to yourself oh
looks like they're softening up and you
know they're they're deciding to be
middle of the road
maybe but Jeff Bezos recently said and I
think I think Trump confirmed that Bezos
and Trump are going to have
dinner and Bezos I think was actually
somewhat positive about Doge and
bringing down the debt and some other
things that Trump likes so Bezos is very
clearly and pointedly saying there are
some things I like about this Trump
Administration I'm going to see if I can
you know embrace the parts I
like which a lot of people are doing so
it does seem to me that uh the boss
Bezos having a planned dinner with Trump
probably did change the headline now
that doesn't mean the Bezos called
somebody and said hey change that
deadline or or you know give me a
positive headline or something like that
it could just be that the people who
work for Bezos are reading the same news
I am and when they find out their boss
is going to be meeting with Trump they
realize that that would be a much better
meeting if they had line said Trump did
great in in
Europe right would would you send your
boss into a meeting with Trump like a
day after saying uh the Europeans all
laugh at Trump because he's such such a
big
bully right and then you're going to
then then your owner is going to go have
dinner with a guy that you just
maligned I feel like this might be a
temporary truce where the where the
Washington Post is going to be nice to
Trump as long as Bezos is talking to him
productively so is that news is that
fair and balance or was it just another
distorting effect caused them to distort
in the other direction the Distortion
being that you know the owner is going
to have a meeting with
Trump I don't know but the only thing I
know for sure is if you know the Bezos
Trump you know the personalities
involved it seems to make more
sense because I can't see them just
independently deciding to be fairer to
Trump that doesn't make
sense
anyway as Matt Gates points out on X
Trump went to Europe to make peace and
Biden was bombing
Syria and then I saw a claim today that
U our various military operations around
the world which seem to be permanent and
ongoing are how the Deep State funds
itself and that Trump is a threat to the
business model of the deep state so the
Deep State under this telling would be
you know part partly about power but Al
also more about money because power and
money are pretty related
and that there's this um ability to
funnel off a lot of money from anywhere
there's a gigantic expensive military
operation so that the uh so that the uh
the real play is not so much that we
care about these other countries but
rather they're all scams to feed the
Deep state does that sound real to
you um I feel like a little bit real
meaning that I'm sure there are entities
and individuals who benefit from every
time we make a war so that part sounds
true but I don't know that it follows
that therefore the only reason we get
into these wars is for the benefit of
these deep State people who have figured
out how to make a profit out of any
large flows of
money it's probably part of
it but I think you have to get to the
uh the larger question that we all like
to ignore and maybe this is the neocon
versus the
non-interventionists
argument so I've long been on the side
that says we should not start wars with
other countries we should not try to
conquer them just because we can and
maybe we should just you know stick to
doing a good job as America and let
other people alone and if they have good
or bad governments doesn't matter we'll
find somebody to trade with so I've
always been in that you know let's not
be the ones who St Wars you know
sometimes you have to defend yourself
but not a starting
one however I'm also aware that the
counter argument is super
strong the argument for starting lots of
Wars there's really a strong argument
for it which I hate because I don't want
that to be true it's it's it's not
something I can fully Embrace but I
can't I can't ignore the logic of it
here's the logic of
it whoever is the strongest in this
world um if they use their power and
they use it ruthlessly they might be
able to stay in
power those who have power and don't use
it or don't use it ruthlessly are
probably going to be overtaken by
somebody who gains enough power and uses
it
ruthlessly so the argument for us being
basically bastards everywhere in the
world is that that's how we stay
safe so in any five-year period being a
bastard is a terrible idea because we're
killing people and it's expensive Etc
but if you were to look at a 100 years
it could be that all that being a
bastard in conquering countries and
overthrowing people that you know we
want to use as our markets and our
sources of raw materials and and
bottling up Russia so it doesn't become
a you know major military threat to us
and all that it could be that's how you
last a 100
years and that that my plan was more of
a hey let's not start any wars that's a
good fiveyear
plan but maybe the 100-year plan
requires you to be a bastard all the
time and if you can show me a
counterargument where there was a major
Dynasty or superpower who thrived for
hundreds of years without being a
bastard I would love to hear about it
because I'm pretty sure that doesn't
exist and if it doesn't exist it means
it's never worked anywhere to be nice to
your
neighbors now if you could find an
exception like Switzerland then I'm just
going to say that's obviously an
exception you know if you if you say oh
this island country okay obviously an
exception an island
country but generally
speaking countries need to dominate I I
see somebody saying China doesn't do
this yes they do China is using their
economic muscle to tie everybody up into
a situation where they couldn't possibly
cross China because their economics
would depend on being good with them
likewise China is building building out
their Naval situation so they can have a
military control of the entire you know
ocean area on their side of the world
it's exactly what we would do Russia is
trying to keep their warm water poured
so maybe they can project more Naval
strength into other parts of the world
because if they could take over some
countries in South America and make them
you know more pro- Russian they would
certainly do it there's no doubt about
it so if we if we out bastard them by
saying all right you bastards you're
going to try to take over some countries
in our hemisphere so we're going to take
away all of your toys if you do it again
so I feel like I don't want to embrace
the neocons and say starting Wars is a
good idea because a lot of it is for
profit I think that's true but I don't
know that America
survives by being the good
neighbor and I think everybody's afraid
to discuss that because the government
can't say it out loud right there's
nobody in the government who can say
look you know if I'm being honest with
you if we're not total Pricks to the
rest of the world we're not going to
survive you your grandkids won't
survive that's the argument we need to
have the one where somebody can say yeah
I mean I hate to say it but in the real
world where people are terrible bastards
and the evil and Hitler can rise at any
minute if you're not the biggest baddest
bully you're in trouble it's one of the
reasons I like Trump as a leader
because he's perceived as the strongest
one and it it will keep other people
from getting too adventurous in
theory so
um that said we'll talk a little more
about Russia in a minute so also Molly H
Hemingway had a funny observation about
P
Heth um s she said sadly no one in DC
cares about adultery and drinking and I
thought okay that that should really be
the end of the
conversation because if we don't hold
anybody in congress to this standard
that if they're cheating on their spouse
or they're having too much to drink we
don't really get rid of Congress people
for that reason so why why would Pete be
the only person who held to the
standard which is closer to a standard
of personal Behavior than it says
anything about what he would do in the
job
so I don't know I think it's a good
point that it's total
hypocrisy did you know according to Fox
News Justin H Haskins that uh Biden
spent Millions on misinformation
research now that's scary so in the
Trump Administration it was like a few
million dollars got spent on trying to
look for misinformation but since 2021
Biden Harris at White House spent at
least 267 million on research and grants
related to misinformation and
disinformation
$267
million on a project to decrease
disinformation now if you're if you've
watched Mike Ben's content Etc you know
that anybody who gets into the
misinformation disinformation business
is probably the one who wants to spread
the misinformation and disinformation
and to do that effectively they have to
tell you that the counterarguments are
not real
so wherever you hear that anybody wants
to spend massive amounts to counter
misinformation they are the ones with
the
misinformation now the other ones might
be too but the ones who are looking to
counter it are not looking to counter it
with the truth they're looking just to
win basically they want their team to
win so how could the Biden Harris at
White House have saved 26 million
dollar if they had wanted to actually
reduce misinformation and disinformation
do you know what they could have done
for
free they could just follow me on
X that's not even a joke because what I
do on X and not alone all right you can
think of a dozen other people in the
same category but I'm one of a dozen
people on a who I spend all day long
telling telling people what is fake news
do you think that I do it worse than
whatever government entity is built to
find misinformation no I'm not worse at
it I'm better at
it if you did a onetoone competition of
what I call down as versus what
the misinformation people called down as
billshit I think you'd find that the
misinformation people found all the
obvious stuff that you would know as
 as soon as you saw it but they
wouldn't have anything that I have my my
my list of 20 hoaxes that the Democrats
have
played where's
that where's
that it basically comes from my exfeed
and then people you know duplicating it
and spending sending it
around so there you know I'm not the
only one there there are a dozen or so
people you can mention who also are the
ones who can tell you what's true and
what isn't but you don't need to spend
money on that you literally just have to
expose people to the
counterarguments that's all you need for
the misinformation disinformation and
that's what x does so even when I get
something wrong believe it or not it's
happened then there's a community note
or somebody corrects it and we move on
but no you should spend zero on this
because it's Absol it's literally free
on
X
um so
uh here here's here's something you need
to be reminded
of you know that half of the country is
still completely trapped in the gas Lake
cone that says that January 6 was an
Insurrection that's about half the
country there there's still trapped in
that that
hoax
now the other half of the country let's
say the
Republicans um are fully aware that the
real situation that the news is trying
to hide from
is that a whole bunch of people saw what
they thought was obviously a rigged
election now I don't know if it was but
I can tell you that the people who
attacked the capital were quite sure
that they could see it with their own
eyes and it was obvious that it was
riged
so don't forget that half of the country
is still completely gaslighted on the
most important question and they don't
know it now what would help them well
being on x and following me because I I
could help them get out of that gas
light it's 100%
gaslighting
um but what's happening what else is
happening in that domain well uh Steve
Jobs
widow um lorine lorine Powell she says
she's uh Shifting the focus of her
pro-immigration advy group to combat the
far-right disinformation
campaigns do you believe that Lorraine
Powell jobs is uh trying to improve the
quality of information that people get
with her so-called disinformation
campaign no she is creating
disinformation about the right because
she's on the team of the left and
imagine if you didn't know that and you
thought that there were some people wow
I'm sure glad Steve Jobs Widow wants
just the truth to get out no I don't
think anything like that's happening
nope she's just on a
team that was according to Breitbart
that story about line po jobs well
meanwhile let's talk about those Syria
Rebels so there's a report that Assad
the leader of Syria until recently
escaped to
Moscow so that's got to be a pretty
unhappy guy um because I I can't believe
that the Russians are going to let him
you know have free he's basically
wouldn't he basically be like a
prisoner because they need to control
him completely I I suppose the Russians
might want to keep him around just in
case they have some play to get control
of Syria back they'd have a a puppet to
put back in so I guess I'll keep him
alive unlike
progan um but as uh Mike Ben points out
the there's a picture of the Syrian
rebels behind a tent that has us Aid
written all over it
us Aid is uh apparently
the the funding operation for the state
department and the CIA it's it's how we
get things done so it goes through USA
the USA spends money in these other
countries to prop up Rebels and things
like that
so um all the smart people seem to think
that the sudden the sudden success of
the rebels was basically just a CIA
overthrowing a country like it always
does that's what it looks like to me do
does any does anybody have any
alternative view do you think that the
rebels just suddenly and coincidentally
became a super fighting Power just
before Trump gets in office that'd be a
weird coincidence wouldn't it so yes I
think this looks like the CIA made it
happen and once
again here's my
dilemma when we talk about this we're
we're going to start we're going to
think past the
sale and we're going to you know talk
about who got caught or you know what we
did Etc but there's a bigger question
which
is was this a
victory if the CIA was behind it did we
comeand ahead did they get a
win
well I hate to tell you this because I'm
not so much in favor of the CIA
overthrowing countries
but if we don't learn anything new so
that what we think is true ends up being
the actual truth this would be one of
the biggest victories that the CIA ever
had wouldn't it
because apparently this would make it
nearly impossible for Russia to project
their Naval strength beyond their local
area because I need the warm water port
and it would hurt them economically as
well
so if the CIA got away with that they
they effectively kick Russia influence
out of the Middle East at least a big
part of it they denied their ability for
their Navy to extend itself and become a
threat to us at some point in the
future um and it cost a lot of money and
it hurt the it hurt the reputation of of
Russia because now you can see that
Russia can't protect you right that's
important because if you take sides with
Putin somebody's going to say well you
know who else took sides with Putin
Assad where's he so it it changes how we
think about Russia's ability and power
as well as it changes her actual power
and ability and it's happening right
before Trump comes in to negotiate about
Ukraine now I know what you're going to
say you're going to say how is it good
for the United States
to install a fundamental Islamic you
know terrorist looking kind of
leadership in Syria to which I say that
might be way better than what we
had because if Syria just decides to
keep to itself and just you know maybe
be a even even eventually have
relationships with you know the regular
countries um the other
countries maybe we're better off maybe
getting rid of
Russia's current and future influence
and especially turning it into maybe a
bargaining chip of some sort um it might
be one of the
greatest intelligence CIA victories of
all
time and I don't love it I don't love it
because it means we do more of that and
we'll just be conquering countries every
day because it worked out this one
time anyway so does it feel does it feel
to you like this was a gigantic American
victory in Disguise it looks like the
rebels did their thing but really it was
about the US and
Russia that's what it feels like to
me
um and
uh according to the Vigilant Fox which
was reporting on the reporting of Ryan
Mata um Ryan Mata says that uh the
Guatemalan
government just got overthrown by the
United States and it wasn't in the
news that so I don't know if this is
true so I'll just tell you who's
reporting it but here's the story The
Story Goes that the Guatemalan
government had an
election uh and there was a lot of
belief that the election was rigged in
other words rigged in favor of who
America wanted to be the leader
so when Guatemala's attorney general
decided to investigate the election to
find out if it was
rigged um the US Secretary of State Tony
blinkin uh stepped in he flew to
Guatemala and demanded that the Attorney
General be investigated for corruption
what's that sound like that's
Ukraine where the where the
uh was it the the da or whatever it was
in Ukraine was was looking into barisma
and then Biden stepped in and said no
the real problem is the person who's
looking into barisma so brma is not the
problem it's the the person who is
legally in their job whose job it is to
investigate them it's the investigator's
problem and sure enough he sold that got
rid of got rid of the guy investigating
BMA now I don't know who was right in
that situation probably everybody was
corrupt there was probably no winner
like probably just everything was
corrupt all the time
but this looks like exactly the same
situation and then blinkin imposed
severe penalties on Guatemalan
politicians and their
families so here's the question what it
looks like is the United States rigged
an
election the locals found out it was
rigged and tried to look into it and
then the United States threatened them
that if they looked into it they're
really in
trouble did that really happen
is that a real thing and then there's
some connection with child trafficking
alleged that Guatemala has some some
alleged large connection to child
trafficking so that you know may maybe
some of that's part of the story or
not all
right
so anyway that's who we are that's who
America is we're a country that
overthrows other countries and we do it
routinely apparently and again I'll go
back to my first comments maybe that's
how you stay in power for a few hundred
years maybe there's no other
way all right
um Martha Ritz was talking to Byron
Donalds um about deporting all the
people that Trump says he wants to
deport and she said this um she said it
would cost about $315 billion this is
based on somebody did a analysis it
would cost about $315 billion to deport
everyone in the US who doesn't have a
legal status and she says to Byron you
often talk about the need to cut
government spending so how is this Mass
deportation going to be paid
for so this is being reported by this
week
um so let us uh review some of the
things I've have taught you about
discovering fake
news trick number one if they give you
the 10year expense of something as
opposed to the one-year expense it's
probably propaganda do you know why
because the reason that you give a
10-year number is that the one-year
number doesn't sound so big that's the
reason if if the annual budget of any
one year was completely unreasonable you
would know it by looking at the one
budget for the one year but if I have to
make my argument about the one year by
adding all 10 years together just so I
got a bigger number that's
propaganda that's not
analysis number two when somebody gives
you a raw number without a percentage
what's that it's propaganda if somebody
does the reverse and gives you a
percentage without the raw number what's
that propaganda every time the only way
you'll understand any situation with
numbers is if you know the raw numbers
you know it for any one year and you
know the percentage that it's related to
that makes sense so Byron Donalds says
this um that the 3155 billion is over 10
years but uh we're spending
150 um I'm sorry it was 31 million I
think billion or million um I think it's
billion so that Byron Donald said there
spending more like 150 billion a year to
keep the illegals here now I don't think
the 150 billion a year is
accurate because one of the things that
that does is imagines everything stays
the same Etc and should be
presumably I would think the immigrants
the typical immigrant would come in and
be really expensive to the country at
first because they're not producing
anything and maybe we're paying their
paying their bills for a while but then
over time they would have jobs and pay
taxes and they would be a plus for the
country
so I'm not sure I buy a number about
what it cost per year to keep them so
Byron had a very good exam very good
response from a communication and
political perspective he's he's terrific
at this so he
basically said that we're spending more
so we'll save money and it was the
exactly the right answer but he should
have have pulled her apart the following
way um he should have said wait 315
billion over 10 years yes that's what
I'm saying Byron so you're
saying like 31
billion per year exactly so how how do
you explain that then you say well let's
put it into percentages so what would 31
billion be of the national budget which
is 6
trillion what what is 31 billion as a
percentage of 6
trillion so one way to respond to would
have been yes the country is being
destroyed by unregulated immigration we
want to increase the budget by
0.002% to end a problem that could
destroy the country pretty cheap
so you always go for the percentages and
the raw numbers do them both if you want
to be taken seriously and any of these
estimates about what anything costs per
year they're they're all but at
least Byron had better than the
person who asked them a question he just
had better but I don't think
you should seriously trust either
estimate meanwhile Congress is trying to
decide on daily savings time man if they
can't decide on that
is there anything they can decide on has
a daylight savings sign turned into a
Democrat versus Republican thing yet
like everything else does it it seems
like the one thing you wouldn't have any
political element to is the time you
know daylight savings time
so there was an estimate here that uh
the changing changing the time costs us
3 $40 million
annually
really really you think so do you think
that would you trust the estimate that
changing the time cost $340
million because I guess they mean lost
productivity and you know people who
don't make it to work and have more
accidents because they're sleepy that
sort of thing I don't think that's
something you could really
estimate not really now I'm in favor of
not changing the time just cuz it
bothers me every year it just bothers me
every time they change the time so I'd
rather not be
bothered so here's here's the story that
I love so much because it it just it's
the perfect story to explain Trump so
Trump has introduced a
fragrance
um that uh is funny in itself that he
would introduce a fragrance that people
could smell like he smells or something
um but the way he's advertising it on
social media he included a photograph
when he was at the no Notre Dame
Cathedral reopening and he was sitting a
few one chair away from Jill Biden and
there's a photo where Jill Biden appears
to be looking at Trump while he's
looking in another Direction uh appears
to looking at him with you know almost
love now I don't think it's fair to say
you can take that one picture and figure
out that Jill Biden was in love with
Trump because that Lo the picture looked
like it so don't believe the picture you
know the picture is misleading it could
be that she was just amused at the
situation so what you saw was just she
was just enjoying the show maybe just
enjoyed watching his show maybe that's
all it
was but the fact that uh it became a
social media meme that Jill Biden was
flirting with Trump the fact that he
would use the photo that was a meme
about Jill Biden flirting with
him as the way to sell his
fragrance might be the funniest
thing he's ever done in his
life now I think Trump is very
funny but this might be the funniest
thing he's ever done and and you know
that he approved it right nobody would
would have done this without his direct
approval so it means he directly
approved it how much do you love that I
mean I just love the playfulness of that
the sense of humor the inappropriateness
of it he's making
inappropriateness you know the reason
why it's
funny anyway according to Zero
Hedge um they talked to a former secret
service agent or actually it was on a
Fox news interview but zero edges
talking about it so Fox news interview
somebody named star POI he thought that
Trump has a big
threat um before he's even inaugurated
of a larger magnitude in other words a
an attempt to take him out in something
that would be quote a larger magnitude
than one crazy person with a
firearm so he sort of
suggesting you know a mass mass casualty
event
um during or prior to the squaring in
and he says that the current uh Secret
Service is basically incompetent and he
doesn't trust
them he thinks they used to be good but
now they're not huh what would be a
cause of some entity in the United
States that used to be highly capable
but now they're seemingly destroyed from
the inside What could could possibly ah
you are correct yes we know the Secret
Service was really big on
Dei and we know that di destroys first
and hardest wherever it is most
implemented and so sure enough the
Secret Service made it a top priority
and they implemented it and it destroyed
the Secret Service exactly as predicted
now if you're just joining I'll give my
usual disclaimer when I when I complain
about Dei I'm not talking about
anybody's genes or their culture or
their religion or their gender or any of
that it just has to do with constraining
the number of people you're willing to
look at in your hiring decisions
constraining them will always give you
worse worse output in the long
run anyway I'd worry about that did you
know that the Blue Sky which is the
social network that's sort of a
competitor to X
um and of course a lot of uh a lot of
left leing people have said we're
getting away from uh this darn Elon Musk
platform and we're going to go where
everything's good and everybody will be
nice over in Blue Sky but apparently
conservatives are being routinely banned
from the
platform so I think a lot of the
conservatives are going there just to
get banned you they're going over there
to see what they can get away with and
then when they don't get away with it
they get
banned but apparently Blue Sky will
become essentially a desert for any
conservative opinions and in
theory
uh that doesn't give it much chance of
success the thing that made Twitter so
successful at least on the political
Parts is that you could argue with
people and you would see the other side
and it was like a good fight it was like
UFC every day um so if you go to Blue
Sky and everybody just agrees with you
that with everything is that going to
be sexy you're going to want to go back
oh I can't wait for those people to
agree with me on everything I don't
know um we'll see there's a story of San
Francis in San Francisco New York Post
is reporting that there was a
uh uh an activist who wanted to defund
the police and apparently this activist
was moving and had filled up a U-Haul
truck with 100% of her possessions and
then somebody stole the truck a 26 foot
U-Haul truck that's that's pretty
serious truck with all of her
possessions and she lost 100% of
everything she owned that wasn't on her
body at the
time and she's really mad because the
police didn't come and do something
oh wow but apparently she doubled
down Phil bump uses my comic as his blue
sky
background really is that true oh
because it makes fun of
him that's funny all forgot I did a
comic that once referenced Phil bump at
the Washington Post he's using it as his
as his
header anyway
um so Trump was talking to well I can't
remember is it Kristen Welker what's her
first name
Welker
Kristen anyway um so he was being
interviewed and he was asked but now
that you're elected will you say that
2020 was a fair
election and Trump looks at it he goes
no I love that
answer that that's the answer of
somebody who won a mandate will you
finally now say that 2020 was a fair
election
no that was
perfect um I love the fact that I love
the fact that it's it was was the
biggest charge against him and he never
let go of it he so easily could have
said you know we thought it was we
thought it was rigged but honestly we
don't have evidence of it he could have
said that and then people would say oh
okay now you're being a reasonable guy
but his real belief is that it was
really rigged it was really obvious and
he's not going to he's not going to lie
about it I love that I just love that
now I don't know if we'll ever learn the
2020 you know in any Court approved way
will we ever learn that there were
problems but I'm on the side that says
um I would be amazed if it wasn't rigged
because I think pretty much all
elections are rigged in my
opinion can't prove it but it would be
insane for any government to allow an
election to proceed without controlling
it my my suspicion is that there really
are no countries with electronic voting
machines who have Fair
elections it's just an assumption it's
not based on fact I don't have any data
to prove that it's just that why do you
need the
machines why would you have them so if
you can't answer the question why do you
have
machines then the reason I assume is the
obvious reason that they use them to
control
elections I don't know it it's not
proof it's just I can't think of another
reason speaking of which according to
the rasmason reports the following
things are
true this one's fun you ready for this
I'm not going to tell you I believe that
this is true and I'm not going to tell
you I believe that the implications of
it are true I'm just going to tell you
it's being reported by what I consider a
credible
Source doesn't mean it's true but it's
coming from a credible Source all right
so rasmason uh reports saying on X that
uh Orange County California so Friday
after the election so this is Friday
after the election at 6:45 p.m. a bomb
threat came in that cleared the election
counting
Center wait what there was a bomb threat
right before they were ready to finish
counting there was a bomb threat and so
they had to clear everybody
out before they were done
counting so they
did um and then the security live stream
system was disabled during the search
for the
bomb because that would be a good time
to disable your live stream
cameras because they're looking for a
bomb would that be exactly the time you
would want your live stream cameras to
be extra
on because there's something unusual
happening in the place that you're
monitoring and so if something unusual
is happening in the place you're
monitoring to make sure that nothing
unusual happened why would it be turned
off when the unusual thing happened
which is the only reason for a
live stream to catch things that looked
usual I don't know can you think of any
reason
then two F150 white Vans with blacked
out windows
arrive now that's with the question mark
so I assume that means somebody reported
it
happened so we're we're a little less
credible on this one because there's a
question mark next to it but the
allegation is that some Vans with black
down Windows arrived just then and that
there was a huge ballot discrepancy uh
subsequently um and if if things had not
gone the way they did in Orange County
it could potentially flip three
seats that looked like they were going
to be red but they turned blue it would
flip them back to
Red three is a lot when your when your
house is that close three is a lot it's
a a major power
difference so let me read it to you
again you tell me if you think this
election was at least attempted to be
rigged a bomb threat 15 minutes before
they were going to be
done security live stream turned off
suspicious Vehicles arrive and then
there's a huge balance
discrepancy doesn't that sound exactly
like
what it sounds exactly
like now again I have to remind you for
the millionth time confirmation bias can
get you to the same place if you were
sure that things were rigged then you
would see things that appeared to
support that point of view when maybe
there were coincidences and maybe there
was a real bomb threat and you know
maybe the cameras just never work the
whole time and somebody just said they
turned them off but maybe they never
worked you know it could be a lot of
things so I don't I'm not saying that I
can claim this is true but it's out
there and it's fun Trump says he wants
to end Birthright citizenship in the US
he also said that when he was being
interviewed by Welker and he said we're
the only country that has it we're going
to end that because it's
ridiculous did you know it's the we're
the only country that has
Birthright um
citizenship now according to an account
I don't know anything about on X called
reder of Florida
um showed a photo of some ancient
writing I don't know what the source was
but the claim from rler Florida is that
uh the author who came up with the
citizenship clause in the
Constitution explicitly told us
foreigners wouldn't be
citizens in other words it's obvious
that the intent of that was to make sure
that this is here here I
am uh making some
assumptions I think the idea was to make
sure that Native Americans were citizens
and that maybe slaves were citizens or
something like that so I I think it was
about people who were legitimately
already here so that we didn't form a
country and say well you've lived here
all your life but you're not you're not
a
citizen wasn't it to make sure that
everybody who legitimately was already
here was called a
citizen and that it wasn't about
somebody coming from another country
spend in 10 minutes here to have a baby
and then the baby is
American now I think at some point there
might have been a court decision that
you know widened the interpretation or
changed it but I wasn't aware that I
wasn't aware that when the Constitution
was made there was no
intention that illegal immigrants could
become citizens do you know why there
was no intention to have that done
because apparently it's really
stupid because you're really going to
attract a lot of citizens if if you have
a desirable
country anyway so I used to be against
it uh against ending it I used to be
against ending Birthright citizenship
but when you see how it's abused and you
see that no other country has it um I
think I'm I'm in favor of going back to
a more original interpretation of the
Constitution and say that it was about
the people who are already here not the
people coming from other countries
um Mark Andre said something on X I saw
today that messed up my brain a little
bit he says you know you've heard me use
the phrase Fu money and that people have
Fu money can say things and they've got
a little more free speech and so you
know you don't have to worry about
getting fired or anything if you have so
much money um but Mark Andre
says uh the fu money is mainly a myth
he says first of all if you're in
business you pick up more
responsibilities along with more money
you're responsible for more people your
actions have more consequences for
others and second political power is
always greater than financial
power now those are good
points Mark andreon is very smart if you
don't follow him you should follow him
on X um but I'm gonna just weigh in with
a little bit of a
tweak
and I would say
this I think Fu money is
real but you have to be willing to spend
it
all you have to be willing to spend it
all that's what I did so basically
everything was taken from me so I I
wouldn't be able to start a business
today it would be impossible because
people say oh was that guy that that
Grace guy um my social situation you
know it was destroyed as soon as I
started supporting Trump and got a
little worse when I got
cancelled um my
entire my entire business model was
dismantled and everybody who benefited
from that business model was injured so
the people I worked with who were part
of the economic flow you know the ones
who had been part of the calendar or
whatever they were all injured because
they had less revenue and you know
so
um it is true that if you have enough
money you can break the rules of what
you're allowed to
say which I did so the place that I'll
kind of agree with Mark Andre is um Fu
money doesn't protect
you but it does give you an
option it doesn't protect you it just
gives you an option
so I knew that I wouldn't
starve right I knew that I wouldn't
starve and I haven't starved so I was
protected to that degree but you could
easily imagine somebody who wouldn't be
able to feed themselves if they said the
truth in public literally never be able
to get a job don't have any savings
wouldn't even be able to eat so in a
minor
way if you have Fu money and and it's
the and that's the important part you're
willing to spend it
all to say what you want to say then you
have it if you're not willing to spend
it all and you're not willing to take
down a constellation of people who count
on you then you don't have it and he's
right so you you got to be willing to
take whatever the cost
is if you're going to tell the truth
that that's the price the price is
everything the price of honesty is
everything now Elon Musk has taking that
same
path but because he's also succeeding at
such a high level uh in ways that people
think are essential and I I would agree
um he's managing to avoid it but you see
that even on Blue Sky there's memes
about assassinating
him so Elon has Fu money you would say
but at the same time by saying what he
thinks is true and being true to that he
puts himself in a position to lose
everything because if Trump had not been
elected it's very possible the Democrats
could have put him out of business just
to make sure his power was
decreased
um so you don't always have to pay
everything when you tell the truth in
his case it looks like he's holding on
but you have to put it all at risk so
Elon put his
entire social and business
profile on risk to say the truth so far
it's
working and so far I'm still
standing so the truth is
fighting the the the truth still has
some fight in it because there are some
of us who are too attached to it so
everybody says they're the ones who have
the truth it sounds weird when I say it
all right that's all I got for you
ladies and gentlemen for this Monday
I've G on too long I'm going to say hi
to the uh locals people just for a
second and then let you get on with your
day if you're on X or rumble or YouTube
thanks for joining I'll See You Again
same time
tomorrow
e
e e