boom hey everybody come on in it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams this is the
place you came to the right place
so far you've done everything right
congratulations on that but it gets
better
yeah it does you're about to even joy
the simultaneous SEP it's one of the
greatest feelings in all of online life
and offline and you don't need much all
you need is a cup or a mug or a glass
the tanker challenger stein a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind so
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure
the dopamine's hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous sip and it's going to
happen right now
all right on schedule yeah that's some
good stuff well I think you've all
noticed by now if you're on Twitter for
even one second you know that James
Woods is back now and he's back with a
splash let's just say he's he's back and
he's not shy so the fun begins now
I can't think of a better way to cap off
the best week this president has ever
had I mean by far this is Trump's best
week of all time and maybe best month of
all time if you look at the outcomes and
there's just something perfect about
James Wood coming back in time to enjoy
this coming election season so welcome
back James Woods we're happy to have you
and let's let's enjoy the ride together
all right you may have heard that there
was a whistle blower in China a doctor
who was essentially saying that China
wasn't taking seriously enough it wasn't
it wasn't accurately reporting the
coronavirus deaths that doctor
ironically in treating people got to
coronavirus but here's the weird part
he died of it now is it a coincidence
that what are the most dangerous critics
and whistleblowers in China is one of
the rare people the 1% or whatever
percentages who die from it now I saw a
picture of him it looked like he was
getting good medical care and that's one
of the one of the biggest factors about
whether you're survived or not is if you
get medical care the other big factor is
if you're old or you're a compromise
with your immune system well I saw a
picture of this guy and even in the
hospital he did not look like he had any
kind of compromised immune system he
looked like he was 30 years old 34
simply says he was 34 years old what is
the total number of 34 year-old people
in perfect health
who are receiving medical attention on
time who are they themselves doctors so
they know if anything's going wrong
they're sort of a second check on things
how many people like that the fit into
that category are gonna die of the
coronavirus it's pretty close to zero
I'm guessing right so the reputation of
China continues to decline just when you
thought it couldn't get any worse man do
we need to decouple we need to decouple
hard now let me ask you an outrageous
question just to just to keep this in
the back of your mind
China quite impressively I must say
we're all impressed that China built in
record time a bunch of hospital like the
facilities for keeping all of the the
infected people quarantined there so now
they have how many tens of thousands of
new hospital beds that are not total
hospitals but they're good enough for
now
- just keep people away from the rest of
the public what do you think they're
going to do with those
after the corona virus is done so when
there's no more coronavirus do you think
they're going to dismantle those
facilities or I'm just going to put that
out there are they going to use them to
store some more Weaver's or some more or
dissidents which one do you think is
going to happen do you think they're
gonna waste a completely you know a
perfectly new building that is good for
detaining people and having guards to
make sure they don't escape do you think
they're going to waste that after they
don't need it for the coronavirus I
don't think so I think it's the
beginning of something that might get a
lot more evil based on history and
recent history all right funniest story
of the day pundit Donny Deutsch who you
know from appearing on TV especially
MSNBC and saying that President Trump is
the worst person in the world the worst
person in the world and it looks like
he's given canceled by his own team now
and when I say cancelled I don't mean
just his TV show gets cancelled I think
that already happened but he's given
canceled as a as a person basically the
way the left cancels people for saying
the wrong stuff so apparently what he
said on Morning Joe this morning
and he became a trending hashtag on
Twitter is that Elizabeth Warren can't
win because she is quote too strident
and not likable enough now what do you
think happened to Donny Deutsch when he
said on TV that Elizabeth Warren in his
words was too strident and not likeable
enough oh yeah you know what happened
people were hopping mad because he was
being misogynistic but was he was he I
hate to do this but I'm now about to
launch into a full-throated defense of
Donny Deutsch his opinion not Donny
Deutsch he can defend himself as a human
and he can defend all of his other
opinions that's on him
I'm just gonna defend him totally on
this one point and I'll do it this way
if it were true that there were no such
thing as women in the political sphere
who are not too strident and are
likeable in addition to being effective
wouldn't that make Donny Deutsch seem
right in other words if Donny Deutsch
said every woman who ever got into
politics was unlikable and too strident
I'd say whoa whoa Donny Deutsch I'm out
I'm out that's not true there are plenty
of women who don't have this alleged
problem of being too strident or
unlikable things that get blamed on you
know we say this about Hillary Clinton
you said it about now Elizabeth Warren
but if it doesn't apply to all women or
even most because nobody is putting a
percentage on it I don't know you know
it could be rare that these politicians
are unlikable but let me give you some
examples of people who is politics
I much do not agree with but I find
likeable are you ready you're not gonna
like this this is the part you don't
like Tulsi Gabbard
his tulsi gabbard likable totally
totally you can hate everything she says
about politics and you still say oh you
know but she seems like a nice person
how about AOC now you might not like her
I realize there's you know very radical
different opinions about her but in my
opinion I don't think you could call her
unlikable you could hate her opinions
you might even hate her in some way
because of her opinions but she's kind
of likable right how about here's the
worst one I'm really gonna challenge you
on this one ilan Omar Alon Omar has some
of the worst opinions I've ever heard I
don't think she's good for the country I
have a very negative opinion of her as a
politician but she's kind of likable
yeah I hate to say it but she has she
has a likable vibe about her that is
completely at odds with her messaging
which is so vile you can barely stand it
but she's a likeable person am I wrong
I mean just your vibe alright here's
another one
so this is a non politician but I want
to make the point that it's not about
your it's not even about your your
physical attraction to the person
because I want to make that distinction
we're not talking about somebody is
attractive on you know biological level
what about Ellen so Ellen we assume has
very left-leaning opinions probably you
don't agree with them but would you ever
think the Ellen was strident or
unlikable let's say she ran for
president tomorrow you'd like her
right it has nothing to do with being a
woman or not being a woman Ellen or even
not you know whether you want to you
know in your your primal brain if
there's something thinking well I would
I would want to meet with that person
even even without that Ellen's very
likable am I wrong
here's one getting into a little grayer
area probably what about Klobuchar maybe
your your mileage might differ but I
don't find her strident and I don't find
her unlikable she seems like she'd be
kind of fun
you know again I'm not I'm not a not
that attracted to her policies but isn't
Klobuchar she seems like a pretty nice
person now some of you are saying no
because there's rumors is she's you know
she's bad to her staff and stuff like
that but I haven't seen it in terms of
the way she presents herself on stage
seems like able to me now let's let's
take it to the other side of the aisle
what about so here's a TV pundit I've
just used her as a good example
Tammy Bruce you've probably all watched
Tammy Bruce the entity she's on Fox News
alot etc conservative she identifies as
lesbian and if she ran for office
tomorrow
forget about what party she runs for
doesn't matter she runs for office
tomorrow would anybody call her strident
or unlikable not a chance
not a chance she's totally likable
compare that to judge Jeanine that Judge
Dean as a you know popular TV show
physically attractive but she's a little
bit strident
when you sing so if somebody you know if
she ran for office tomorrow and somebody
said that judge Jeanine is yeah she's a
little too strident for me I don't think
that's likable enough would you say that
was unreasonable or sexist I wouldn't I
would say that you know she puts on you
know everybody on TV who's
pundit they sort of put on let's say an
exaggerated personality it's part of the
show and if somebody said I don't know
that she's a little a little too much
for me I'd say that seems reasonable but
I wouldn't think it had anything to do
with her gender so and we should also
realize that Donny Deutsch is base of
knowledge and what he is speaking to is
is advertising is what he's famous for
so Donny Deutsch a very successful
advertising you know executive
entrepreneur so he knows advertising you
would say what you want about his other
opinions say what you want about him
personally but he knows advertising he
knows that people are responding on
Biological reflex level so when Donny
Deutsch says that Elizabeth Warren is
too strident and not likeable enough
that should be regarded as him speaking
about her as a product in the same way
when you open up a product from Apple
that the packaging is so delicious it's
just so tactile and fun to look at fun
to touch you have this great first
impression of Apple products it's a very
similar thing that he's saying about
Warren he's not talking about the
quality of her of her policies he's
saying that the packaging just the
packaging not quite as friendly as it
needs to be and he's sort of on a
biological reflux level is that is that
sexist well it would be again if he said
that about all women or he had a problem
with all women running for office and
there's no indication of that not at all
in fact I'm sure it's the opposite
without you know without reading his
mind it's safe to say given his other
policies that he's you know Pro women
Pro pro you know diversity in general I
think that's fair to say so while Donny
Deutsch rubs me the wrong way like I
have a I have a really
negative reaction to Donny Deutsch it's
not sexist is it I'm a man Donny Deutsch
is a man but God does he rubbed me wrong
when I'm hearing him do his political
talking so I would say the same thing is
true of Donny Deutsch if he ran for
office tomorrow he would seem like
little too much now you might because of
gender it's entirely possible that
people would use different words to
describe it when you're describing a
woman and she's just rubbing you wrong
there's just something about her
presentation that's bugging you maybe
you use words like strident ooh not
likeable maybe if it's a guy you say
he's a jerk he's an a-hole you know so
you might use different words he's a
bastard but it's kind of the same thing
all right so there I've defended Donny
deutsches opinion as I think being
totally reasonable and I think the
Democrats would be smart to listen to
him frankly because he's talking about
the thing he is really an expert on
which has had a package a product in
this case a candidate all right so
there's an interesting story somebody
said this is an older story but it's I
only saw today so I I tweeted it around
apparently at Chernobyl they have
discovered a type of fungi that eats
radiation that's found inside the
nuclear reactor what that's right a fun
guy that eats radiation as its food now
can that be you know commercialize is it
is it an answer for storing rady you
know spend a fuel I don't know I don't
know probably there's a lot of there
might be a lot of you know obstacles to
actually using this but it's a sort of
surprise that you can guarantee it will
happen between now and the next hundred
years in other words in this whole realm
of climate change and nuclear energy and
fuel in general this is exactly the kind
of surprise
this one turns out to be meaningful or
not we don't know but it's the sort of
thing you can see a lot of people are
gonna say what suddenly we have new
options so nuclear looks better
President Trump tweeted I think
yesterday that he was supportive of the
people in Nevada who did not want to
store nuclear waste at Yucca Yucca
Mountain now I don't know a lot about
the you know the the topic except that
nobody wants nuclear waste stored in
their backyard and the president
mentioned that they were looking at
innovative alternatives
well one innovative alternative would be
to find a organic way to put your
nuclear waste somewhere and have the
mushrooms eat it I don't know what
becomes of the mushrooms I assume they
develop superpowers and eventually
secret identities and fight crime and
that's good too because we have too much
crime so if you're a fungi eat the
radiation and become superheroes and
fight crime well that's a twofer you got
two things there the other thing and I
love saying this because everyone's
while you see something that completely
changes how you feel about something and
Mark Snyder did this to me on the
subject of of nuclear waste that the
current nuclear power plants when they
create waste it's a solid it's not a
liquid the the old I guess when nuclear
weapons create waste the weapons do
create a liquid waste and our minds
process the difference between a solid
waste and a nuclear waste you really
feel like the risk is different don't
you and I'm not sure this is logical but
the way you feel about it is different
because when you think it's liquid you
think well how good are those containers
you know kind of put a little liquid get
out and you know and and like acid could
chew its way through the bottom of the
barrel seems kind of scary but if you if
I tell you it's solid like a solid rod
you say to yourself
okay well that's that's not like acid
probably they probably figured today now
I have no reason to believe that the
solid from a from a engineering
perspective is more protected than the
liquidus they're probably equally
protected they're probably just fine in
both cases but the way you process it is
really different the liquid just seems
scarier than the solid so it's worth
knowing the the other innovative way to
take care of nuclear waste is of course
building more generation four or
building them in the first place that
use that spent fuel as their fuel so if
you can get to generation four quickly
enough you have a way to eat up that
fuel without storing it so you eat up
the waste because it be used as fuel and
between now and then
apparently it's fairly common to store
the nuclear waste on the same site as a
nuclear power plant I guess that's a
normal way it's done which makes me ask
what's wrong with just doing that if
you've already got a nuclear power plant
isn't the local population already as
scared as they need to be I mean they're
they're already not building their house
next to it you know it's they've got a
little bit of space there but it's not
their biggest problem you know if it's a
nuclear power plant the thing people are
worrying about is the nuclear power
plant
unfortunately now if it's avert if it's
one of the newer ones like you know
generation three none of them have ever
had a nuclear meltdown event but people
still worry about it so we have some
options for the waste all right um let's
see what else is going on Rachel Maddow
is sounding the alarm as others have
that the the voter turnout in Iowa the
number of Democrats who actually went
and voted was quite low by historical
standards that was hard to compare
anything to the Obama situation because
Obama was he was sort of a hundred
you flood himself or maybe more you know
Obama was more like a thousand-year
flood if you look at it historically
yeah we assume that that flood will
happen more often now but until you add
your first black president
that was a long flood or a long drought
with that in a flood but what does it
mean that Democrats are not turning out
in droves for the very first one well
you know there is something special
about the first one right do you think
that the the people who normally vote in
the Iowa caucuses do you think that that
there's the kind of people who would be
apathetic in general I don't think so
Iowa is very dialed in there very
clearly they have great energy around
there their special role as the first
the first election like the thing so the
fact that that turned out was low I
think it probably means something
somebody's saying that it was the black
turnout that made the difference I don't
know how big the black population in
Iowa is it's 90 percent of white so I
don't think that was all the difference
might embed could have been all right so
that alone it could turn out that that
variable alone is all you needed to do
could be because remember all of the
Democrats that we think are among the
pool of people who might become the
candidate I know people say Hillary is
going to jump in and Michelle Obama's
gonna jump in that's not going to happen
this pool are the ones that someone is
going to be picked from this pool and
and I say that because if somebody came
in at the last moment in a let's say
it's a you know a negotiated contested
convention and they just broker it and
pick somebody who's not even in this
group it would destroy the Democratic
Party totally it it would am I wrong
if these candidates did all this work
and all these supporters you know they
work for what
years some of them and got to this point
and then they picked somebody wasn't
even trying that's the end of them
that's the end of the party wouldn't you
say that's really the end of the party
so I don't think that's going to happen
so if you couldn't generate enough
excitement with the people who are going
to be one of the one of them is going to
be the candidate that might be over that
might be everything that you need to
know about the election there's there's
no other questions to be asked all right
there's a lot of chatter about Trump's
so-called victory speech yesterday after
he was not a beached let's see what I
did there I hope you're all I hope
you're all in on the prank the prank is
that we just keep saying he wasn't
impeached because it's true in the sense
that alan dershowitz famous
constitutional scholars as know if
you're accused of something and then
you're you're acquitted because the the
accusation didn't hold the accusation is
expunged you know you're not guilty of a
thing after being found innocent of the
thing so by that model you have every
right to say he was not impeached but
the fun is not whether it's true or not
true or it's the right words or not the
right words it's just gonna drive
Democrats crazy so just think of it as
this long-running practical joke in
which you never argue it you just say
it's the fact don't debate it just say
it wasn't a beach didn't happen it will
make them crazy already is all right so
so the of course the the perpetual
critics of the president said he was
unhinged and and it was so unusual and I
don't know inappropriate or something
and I guess he at his speech not I guess
I watched something that he went hard at
his critics
he was very insulting to his critics and
he was funny and he said things that
presidents don't say he said he said
 about the Russia collusion
thing or wasn't about impeachment who
it would apply either way and people
kept acting shocked and I don't know
what else and so I tweeted this note to
pundits who are act so here's my tweet
acting shocked that real Donald Trump
insults his critics and enjoys his
victories is so 2016 in 2020 it's okay
to acknowledge that the only impact of
it has been to entertain us it would
make perfect sense and I would say it
would be a reasonable thing to say if
this were back in 2016 to say hey our
president who acts this way and insults
his critics you know it might cause some
problems that would have made sense
because you'd be speculating well I
don't know exactly what problems but it
feels like when things are changed you
know that there was nothing broken
before I mean there was nothing to fix
right you know presidents acting
presidential was totally working so if
the president acts non-presidential
according to his critics well that would
be changing something that was working
fine so it's adding a little risk I
would agree wouldn't you say wouldn't
you say that if something's working fine
which is hundreds of years of presidents
acting presidential every every bit of
that works or we're all on the same page
totally works then somebody comes along
and says I'm gonna do it differently
that's a perfectly reasonable thing to
say which is whoa why would you change
something that's working it does that
introduce some new risks and the answer
is yes of course you don't know what
risks they are and exactly but changing
something that works is always risky but
it's not 2016 you don't have to
speculate what might happen you can just
look what happened we've got three years
of history that I would consider fairly
solid in terms of telling us what are
the ramifications so let me check let me
check how
president's insults of his critics have
affected me see first I'll check my
stocks nope no impact
except maybe they went up nope nope how
about hold on let me get a check things
let me check my coffee because it might
taste different because the president
isn't acting presidential Lucy no it's
exactly the same weird huh
all that insulting didn't check didn't
change my income didn't change my coffee
how about my health same it's as if it
didn't affect me well it did affect me a
little bit it entertained me didn't it
entertain you it was good for news
ratings and made stories gave me
something to tweet about I think we know
what happens when this president insults
his critics as long as he stays in that
lane where it's somebody who started the
fight and he is responding to it as long
as that's what's happening you know
somebody who had it coming somebody who
entered the fight willingly not a
citizen just somebody who entered the
fight willingly what about that person
you know I mean so far we can see that
there's no no cost to that so it's time
to update your criticisms of this
president and just acknowledge that
nothing happens because he insults his
critics just nothing meanwhile speaking
of unhinged this is probably
confirmation bias at in my part because
you know if you want something to be
true or you're expecting it to be true
and then you see some evidence you say
oh there's the proof that's how
confirmation bias works so I will alert
you that this might be totally
confirmation bias on my part but let me
ask you this doesn't Pelosi look
unhinged she looks like she lost it well
this if you saw the last interview in
which he was responding to the president
it's attacks on her etc it looked like
she'd lost a little bit of stability
now I'm sure if if confirmation bias is
all that's happening you're gonna agree
with me I see in the comments everybody
saying totally totally yes but it
doesn't feel like confirmation bias of
course that's not what kind of formation
bias works if you could tell when you
were experiencing it it wouldn't be that
formation biased but anyway that's how
it looks to me it looks like and let me
put it in a different ways so this is
more objective so the next thing I'm
gonna say is not an opinion I don't
think I think you could just say yes
that is objectively true Pelosi has not
changed Trump so far are we right does
everybody agree with me that Trump is
still exactly Trump he is exactly the
same person who took the job am i right
there's nothing that Pelosi or any the
critics did that turned him into
something else well you probably agree
on that here's the second part of that
same thought Pelosi changed into Trump
right because Pelosi started out being
on the adult in the room I will not I
will not stoop to insults we're just
gonna keep it professional I would never
want to be a big ol angry cloud like
this president I'm just gonna keep it on
the straight and narrow how'd that work
out didn't Pelosi is a completely
different person
Trump broke her he broke her heart he's
exactly the same and she and she has a
brand new personality apparently you
rewrote her personality that's not even
the joke her brain is reprogrammed
because you know her actions of course
are informed by her brain it's her brain
that causes her to do what she does and
if she's become a whole different
personality and I think you don't look
objectively that doesn't feel that
doesn't even feel like a subjective
question we're just watching her insult
the president when before that never
would have happened you know at least
the way she's doing it the depth of the
depth of it what about the theatrics
you know tearing up the the document you
know if you had asked her five years ago
would Pelosi have said you know there's
no place for theatrics the that's you
don't do that in the Senate you don't do
that in your professional work you know
the Speaker of the House I don't need
theatrics I just need a good argument
and then she goes to theatrics
so Trump broke her and reprogrammed her
into a version of himself
you can't win harder than that can you
let me tell you the only person who ever
won harder than Trump did by breaking
Pelosi reprogramming her into a female
clone of himself that happened right in
front of us we all watched it only one
person has ever won that hard and that
person you know was a fictional person
it was in the Silence of the Lambs in
which he would murder his victims and
then use their skin for some kind of a
hat or clothing or something that's
basically what Trump did to Pelosi so
you can't win harder than that all right
here's another case of elder abuse Bette
Midler tweets and all caps and it's
funnier because it's all caps so a
president Trump pinned the carpe Noctem
famous meme of showing himself with the
the years passing by as if he's going to
be president for a thousand years you
know president for life and the joke of
course is that there are literally zero
Republicans who would favor him having
you know any kind of a third
zero not a single person in the entire
you know right
Trump supporting universe would also
support him having their third term so
that's why it seems like a joke to all
the Trump supporters but part of the
joke is that the other side doesn't know
it's a joke that's that's what makes it
such a good joke and here's what Bette
Midler said he goes he pinned this
meaning that carpe don't and mean in all
caps she shouts you think this is a joke
don't you
it's not he means it he will change the
rules and his enablers will let him if
he wins again he will rule until he dies
you die or both then you'll get Ivanka
now the first thing that I would say
about this is it didn't sound that bad
actually you know what
I'm not in favor of Trump having more
than a second term but the way she
describes it doesn't even sound that bad
is that we would have more of this
president who is even if you think he's
not responsible for it he is presiding
over the greatest period in American
history period not even close
there's nothing there is nothing like
the last three years this is the Golden
Age so if you say we're going to get
more of that Golden Age and when the
president Trump goes well then the real
trouble starts you can have a vodka
taking over and I'm thinking were you
trying to scare me because Ivanka
becoming president like everything about
that I like I don't think she's gonna
run for president frankly but I like the
idea but anyway let me say this as
clearly as possible if there's anybody
listening who thinks that there's even
one even one Republican who wants the
president have a third term and it goes
like this have you ever met a Republican
have you ever met one what is the number
one thing the Republicans say
Constitution Constitution
Constitution Constitution if it's not
the Constitution there's zero
Republicans who support it that's it
that's the end of the story if you don't
get that you don't understand anything
you really don't
it's the most basic fact from which
almost everything grows out of that the
entire political thought and
disagreements and everything comes out
of that one basic fact if you're a
Republican you like your Constitution
and you're not going to mess with it now
of course you can always change the
Constitution by having you know
two-thirds of the states
vote for it whatever or whatever but
that's not Trump Trump can't vote it in
so there's there's zero risk so when I
see Bette Midler apparently legitimately
worried about this and you see the
president playing this prank by actually
pinning that pinning that beam he's the
best practical joker of all time and
what's funny is when I thought about
this I thought you know he actually did
just become the most effective you could
say bass that's subjective but I'll say
the best practical joker of all time and
that was just a hobby right
if you take the other things that he's
been number one in the world and he's
had a number one best-selling book you
know he became the president of the
United States he's the best number one I
think it was number one for a while best
you know best television show and then
he gets into office and that he does all
these things that are the best best
unemployment I think we just reached you
know something like the best economic
optimism we've ever had it's all these
bests we've got the best military I mean
you just go on and on how many things
has President Trump
become the historical best ever at or at
least he was number one for a period and
now he's added practical jokes to his
resume kind of funny all right
and to that point there was just a
Gallup poll that said quote America is
happier than that any time into 40 years
that Gallup has done the poll what
according to Gallup who is not known to
be any kind of a trump supporting poll
you know they're they're independent
says that in their poll Americans are
happier than at any time in 40 years how
does that square with everything the
illegitimate fake news is trying to tell
you every day every day the news is
telling you that our society is being
ripped apart by Trump but every day I
walk outside and I'll see it that was it
do you in your personal life you know of
course you know you don't want to wear
your Maggie hat in public because you'll
get beat up that's kind of a special
case right when you go to work you just
go enjoy your life you probably want to
avoid talking politics but mostly
everything's better I would say that
race relations are better than ever I
would say that the way society thinks
about and treats the LGBTQ community
better than ever the way people treat I
know that the disabled community better
than ever
I don't think there's anything that
isn't better but literally just
everything's better except but I suppose
the national debt but in terms of how
people feel it's pretty darn good all
right
I asked this question on Twitter I put
it in the terms of a poll you will enjoy
the persuasive nature of this all right
so it was a poll in which I was curious
I actually wanted to know what people
would answer of course it's a Twitter
poll so there's no scientific validity
to it but you know it's provocative and
interesting anyway so I'm going to
so here's here it was my poll question I
said question for Democrats only what
was your reaction when you learned that
the quote Trump called neo-nazis find
people's story was always fake news so
that's the question and the choices were
you know I
they blew my mind was one choice choice
two was I immediately changed parties
and then the third choice was what
meaning I'd never heard that before and
then the fourth choice was just showing
me the the options and about three and a
half percent each said that it blew
their mind or that or that they switched
parties now I assume there's a overlap
there but the way that poll was written
you couldn't answer both so there could
be people that blew their mind but they
didn't change their party presumably but
I think you could add them together so
around seven percent of the respondents
and again this is not scientific but you
know if you get seven percent answering
something it probably means somebody
somebody's in that category that there
are people who saw that that was fake
news and it affected them and it
affected them in a big way somebody
saying three percent trolls yeah it's
possible that they're just Republicans
or trolls or something trying to game
the game the thing but here's but
independent of the results which I
acknowledge are not scientific and yeah
you don't want to draw too much of a
conclusion from them but here's the part
I thought you'd enjoy the persuasiveness
of the way it was presented I'm
presenting this as something you haven't
learned yet but other people have that
is a really strong frame if I say to you
hey your fact is wrong you say known
isn't know my fact is not wrong then you
say well here's a link to show you your
fact is wrong what do people say I was
doing this much of yesterday I would
send people a link of Steve Cortez
is a great Praeger you video in which he
talks about all the all the proofs that
the fine people hoax was hoax and what
did people say when for the first time
they were hearing that that was a hoax
and then I showed them the link to the
proof they said and I quote lol Praeger
you ha ha ha ha
Praeger you ha ha ha ha do you have any
credible sources now that of course is
cognitive dissonance you you would
recognize it by now if you've been
following my periscopes because the
pregger you what makes it powerful is it
first of all Praeger you as a platform
there they're not the ones who told
Steve Cortez what to say they're the
ones who said we have a platform you've
been saying something like this would
you like to put it on a platform in
addition to the other places you've been
saying it so in this regard Prager you
is like any other social media platform
it's like the news that brings on a
pundit etc it's just the platform by the
way I will also be on the Prairie guru
platform in a few months I'll tell you
more about that but I've there's a video
that they've asked me to do and I've
agreed so more on that later but the
point was that when I put it in the form
of what was your reaction when you found
out it was fake I take people into the
future
and so that they can imagine that their
minds would be blown because all these
other people who are on their team are
already there very powerful frame so
remember this technique you make them
think past the decision of is this true
or not true and you make them think to
the how did you feel about it when you
found out it wasn't true by the way that
is exactly the way the illegitimate
hosts on the last debate treated Bernie
Sanders do you remember that they asked
Bernie Sanders did you say that a woman
did you say to Elizabeth Warren that a
woman couldn't become president
and birdie says no you know
unambiguously no I didn't say that
and then she immediately turns to
Elizabeth Warren and says some version
of how did you feel when II said that
and Bernie just laughs it's like and
part of the laughs is that it actually
is very effective
all right if she hadn't asked the
question immediately after he just said
no you wouldn't have noticed it so much
but when he put it in stark contrast
there it just looks ridiculous so why
only member that trick I might use that
again and I baited a lot of people into
telling me that I was crazy and all the
things I say and threatening to boycott
Dilbert because I had dared to say that
maybe the fine people hoax was hoax and
then I waited until they were really mad
and they were really sure that there was
nothing to it yeah and then I gave him
the link now they really hate it when
the whichever link I give them whether
it's Steve Cortes link of the Prague
Review thing or my own stuff on that or
Joel Pollock's writing on that they'll
they always go for the source it's like
oh no that came from you or it came from
Breitbart or came for prank are you so
therefore don't have to listen and then
I point out that all of these sources
show you the original source they show
you the actual transcript and if you
don't believe it you can just google it
just google it you can get the
transcript yourself it's right there so
I didn't mess up a lot of people's minds
when they did that all right
last item a very rare and weird thing
happened recently there was a Vox
journalist named Aaron drew Parr who
several days ago misquoted
mischaracterized something that greg
gutfeld said on the 5 and he misquoted
it just just egregiously to the point of
he was putting words in Greg's mouth
like he had said something racist which
is nothing like what he said it was just
a complete mischaracterization
and character assassination that part we
assume is business as usual in fact it
is the primary tool used by by the left
it is the primary tool when you say at
this point it has happened so many times
you'd have to say this is their primary
tool is mischaracterizing was someone
else said and then acting like they said
something different so they could insult
them but here's the fun part
Aaron Rupert apologized in public on
Twitter and he said this while watching
I guess Greg was on Tucker Carlson show
when he said whatever he said so he said
while watching Tucker Carlson show on
Tuesday I posted a tweet in which I
quoted Greg Gutfeld remarks I misheard
and falsely attributed a racially
charged comment to him I deleted it as
soon as I became aware of my error but I
also want to publicly apologize to Greg
I'm sorry very rare so I tweeted day you
know well Doug gives us Paul my
apologies go this is a good forum I
think it was within the 48 hours were
close enough and and and he does the
good apology forum which easy said you
know he said what his mistake was that's
very important and then he said what he
did about it he deleted it and then he
apologized that's your that's your
perfect apology for him if you do that
you're always you're always doing it
right but why is this so rare what what
was it that caused just this one time
Democrats to leave their primary
strategy that they all pursue literally
all of them you know usually you can't
say something is true all Democrats but
that's true of all Democrats all
Democrats take stuff out of context and
act like it was something else and then
criticize all it's a hundred percent now
they don't even always know it because
it's the news and the pundits who first
take it into context
then the the rank-and-file democrats
believe it's true and then they act as
though it's true so why would this one
guy on this one time abandoned the
primary strategy if everybody in left i
assume he was going to get sued i don't
know i don't know the details so i don't
know i don't know what what
conversations happened I don't know what
communications happened but you know for
somebody to change the mind like that
there was probably was a financial I
would almost be willing to the state
that there was a financial element from
this and maybe you wanted to keep his
job however I'm gonna go beyond that and
say we shouldn't care about that it
doesn't really matter why he did it and
I'll say this a million times until you
start to believe it when people do the
right thing even if their motives are
impure you should still congratulate
them and you should still celebrate that
because people are what they do alright
and and by making this apology he's he's
be became the person who made an apology
right so I would I would promote
treating him by the apology and not by
what you imagine or his inner intentions
or why he did it but I imagine there's
more of the story there all right
why are Democrats ashamed of being wrong
but are ashamed of being white I don't
know that that doesn't sound like
something that's generally true of
Democrats somebody says does dilbert
support Trump Dilbert is apolitical I
try to keep him that way just looking at
your closing comments here and we'll
Pelosi publisher players
oh that's Dennis Prager as much I judge
people by what they do not what they say
I think he and I talked about that
I believe we are chatting I was on his
radio program was promoting the book in
the fall and I believe that that was
something we mentioned as a common
common philosophy somebody says their
wife just observed that Trump has turned
Pelosi into the bad Trump not the
productive Trump yeah that's true
Pelosi is the bad Trump follow up
podcast with Sam Harris I feel like we
need to do that before election day
don't you I when people tell me how they
found me you know when people are trying
to they're asking to connect on LinkedIn
or they're following me on Twitter the
most frequent thing I hear is that they
found me on the Sam Harris podcast so
that that interview has some reverb
brocation reverberations reverb
occasions he has reverberate 'add across
several years now so I guess whatever
happened there was very powerful more
more so than I imagined at the time it
happened so Sam Harris I think that both
of our audiences would be interested in
an update on that so one of us needs to
be on the others show before an election
day all right
follow-up podcasts with Joe Rogan
somebody says you know I don't know that
I make a good second guest for Joe Rogan
meaning I mean I love being on there a
lot their conversation got a lot of
attention and so everything about that
was good and you know Joe Rogan's just
national national treasure I think but
I'm the kind of guest that maybe people
think they already heard for me so it
would feel like they've already done it
I mean I can't speak for Joe Rogan but
it would be normal that that didn't make
sense to have me on twice so I so I
wouldn't I wouldn't be pushing for that
but to say of Eros the thing there there
is a natural reason for an update that's
a different situation
alright I'll go with a variant machine
particle accelerator sub limit or
precision for my polyps yeah I'm gonna
have to ask about that so just a little
update I am going to go into I have a
couple of minor surgeries and I'm
scheduling so I will try to do at least
the simultaneous if even between
surgeries and by the way they're for
nothing so you don't have to worry about
me they're just most minor thing one is
a assist on my leg that needs to be
removed and the other is there's a gaff
some surgery and my nasal situation up
here but they're they both will knock me
out for a little bit but nothing
important you don't have to worry about
it alright that's all for now and I will
talk to you later