bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
[Music]
hey everybody come on in here you know
what time it is I think you do because
you all have smartphones and clocks and
watches and stuff yeah it's time to have
coffee with Scott Adams and not just
enjoy coffee but enjoy the simultaneous
if it's the best thing ever
and all you need to enjoy it
is a cover of our glasses tight in the
chalice of tankard a thermos flask
I can't even a Grail a goblet a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine head of the day the
unparalleled pleasure
the simultaneous sip here comes here
comes
well the funniest tweet of the day
courtesy of President Trump it turns out
that Bill de Blasio has announced that
he is leaving the race for president
this did not go unnoticed by the
President of the United States who
tweets and I quote oh no well first of
all will there ever be another president
whoever starts a tweet with oh no
probably not it's probably the only one
you'll ever see so he says oh no really
big political news perhaps the biggest
story of years part-time mayor of New
York City
he's calling de Blasio a part-time mayor
part-time mayor of New York City bill de
blasio who was polling at a solid zero
but had tremendous room for growth
as shockingly misspelled dropped down to
the presidential race new york city is
devastated he's coming home come on
how how are we ever going to pay
attention to politics after this
president I honestly I didn't really
follow politics too much before the age
of Trump and I'm fairly certain I'm not
gonna follow politics afterwards so his
election actually would have a fairly
large impact on my my life arc because
because that'll be four years that I
would have been talking about politics
that I probably won't if he's now
president yeah baby
we'll see so there's a report that the
so called sonic weapon that was used on
the Cuban embassy the US Embassy in Cuba
might not have been a sonic weapon after
all but by coincidence that China just
announced it actually has a sonic weapon
that they're using against crowds
probably in the Hong Kong crowds so they
have a handheld sonic weapon but there's
a study that says that the embassy
problem was probably not a sonic weapon
who predicted that me by the way in the
entire world when that story came out
that there was a sonic weapon there was
injuring people in the embassy did you
hear anybody else like in the whole
world who said oh no that's fake I think
it was only me and now there's a report
that it was likely pesticides because
apparently they can study the brains of
the people were affected and it seems to
have affected a part of the brain that's
sensitive to neurotoxins and there was
some reason to believe that there was a
different kind of fumigating and
pesticides because of something that was
going on at that time so I would say
that's not confirmed not confirmed yet
but kind of weird we haven't found any
sonic weapons right we would have found
that by now all right
there was a question I asked which I
believe I haven't answered to you I was
asking what Iran was trying to
accomplish exactly by attacking the
Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian oil facility
and I couldn't figure it out because I
thought well did they want to start a
war do they really think nobody's gonna
know who did it
it didn't as a strategy I couldn't quite
place it but that was because I had some
gaps in my understanding and here's the
main gap I didn't realize that Saudi
Arabia really really doesn't want a war
with Iran
partly because Iran would probably kick
their butts
so that's the part I didn't know I I
assumed the Saudi Arabia was bristling
with modern weaponry and US support and
if Iran were to try to mess with them it
would be just a terrible mistake for
Iran
turns out it's more like the opposite of
that and I'm open to fact Jackie here by
the way so I'm just I'm saying my
current understanding subject to change
my current understanding is that the
last thing in the world Saudi Arabia
wants is war because Iran is pretty
capable pretty pretty capable and
there's not much let's say practice that
the the Saudis have had so they don't
even know if their defences work and
after you watch your entire oil facility
just being devastated in you know 10
minutes you're probably thinking to
yourself maybe we should try to keep the
rest of our oil facilities so it seems
to me that date 1 or 2 of any war with
Iran Saudi Arabia would no longer be an
oil exporting country literally on day 2
you know day one or two Saudi Arabia
would no longer be in business they just
wouldn't be an oil exporting country
anymore and you can see how easily Iran
just took out a major facility now
here's my my current better up to
understanding I I've said this a million
times but if you think Iran is not
rational you're just not paying
attention they want different things
than we want but they're terribly
rational very including this so it turns
out that they seem to have known that
the United States was not going to go to
war for Saudi Arabia because Saudi
Arabia it just isn't popular enough that
the United States is going to say yeah
let's go let's go kill some Americans to
defend them because you know 9/11 is
still sort of fresh in a lot of people's
minds and always will be I suppose as
long as we're alive the the generation
that watched it live on TV and I don't
know and I think Iran is probably right
that it would be next to impossible for
the US public to back a war to defend
Saudi Arabia even though they're an ally
so I think Iran realized that they had a
free punch and that there would be no
repercussions or at least nothing
important and I think Iran said wait a
minute we just figured out that if we
want to get back at the United States we
can just keep punching Saudi Arabia
forever
because it doesn't seem like there's any
amount that they could punch the Saudi
Arabia that's gonna make us respond
militarily because we really really
don't want to and Saudi Arabia really
really doesn't want to get in a war - so
I have to give it up for Iran it was a
pretty good strategy I mean it wasn't
obvious to me but I would say we're not
going to we're not going to respond
militarily they successfully took the
stakes way up I think they're calling
Saudi Arabia's bluff and ours - at least
militarily and I think they're right I
think they can blow up as much stuff in
Saudi Arabia as they want and we're
probably not going to do anything about
it
so and then I heard the account today
apparently if the attack was I have the
numbers approximate I was like you know
nineteen drones and seven cruise
missiles or something so there was
something like 25 different flying
assets that either came out of Iran or
Iran's proxy in Yemen to destroy that
thing and basically just took it out and
so the headlines today are all about the
age of drone warfare is here and nobody
can protect themselves and I think
that's pretty clear that our normal
defenses for you know our radar and our
normal military defenses not going to
make much difference against this kind
of attack so suddenly everybody can
attack everybody again so it looks like
things are changing now it makes you
wonder if somebody will attack Iran with
a bunch of drones and missiles and then
claim it wasn't us yeah it's kind of
ballsy for Iran to say no wasn't us what
do you mean I I don't think it was us
could we do the same thing could we just
you know take out a major Iranian oil
facility with you know with with a
hundred flying objects and then when
when the ran says hey United States you
you bombed our oil facility and could we
just look go on TV and say wasn't us huh
no I don't really talk about we're just
as citizens issue where would you when
when that oil refinery blew up we don't
know what you're talking about so that
would be a funny thing to do but not
that I would recommend it so I promised
you that I was going to solve and in the
title of this periscope I said I was
going to solve health care immigration
and climate change I'm going to deliver
on all of that
are you ready climate change
solved already done already done now not
from my own doing of course but rather a
number of influential people I like to
point out mark Schneider and Michael
Shellenberger in particular I've done
such a good job of let's say influencing
people to understand that nuclear has to
be part of the part of the way we go
forward whether you think climate change
is a problem or not so whether or not
climate change is a problem nuclear is
still the way to go but here's the
here's what's new The Huffington Post
just did a major piece essentially
praising Cory Booker for being the only
person who's compatible with science in
taganga stew and Biden is actually
compatible with science because he's
saying that we need nuclear power to
deal with climate change and Cory Booker
says directly you can't blame the other
side meaning the Republicans you can't
blame them for being anti science on
climate change if you're going to be
anti science about nuclear power because
science says we need it it's a big deal
Huffington Post just turned on all the
anti-nuclear people and just went full
throated pro-nuclear let me say that
again the Huffington Post just went full
pro-nuclear CNN I said the was it
yesterday just the other day this wake
CNN went pro nuclear on unabashedly it's
their print both of them are printing
artal articles that are absolutely
unambiguously pro-nuclear with no no
real push back articles in other words
they're not showing both sides they're
just showing the pro-nuclear who else is
showing pro-nuclear The Daily wire so
we're seeing it on the right and you're
seeing it on the left so the Daily wire
was mocking them area
Williams is it Williams or Williams so I
forget before saying that we should
forget about the data on nuclear energy
and just use our hearts and they were
mocking her so in any given week when
you have the media that's on the right
and the media that's on the left and I'm
talking way right and way left you know
the full right and the full left both
unambiguously clearly backing nuclear
power what's that mean it means ladies
and gentlemen that climate change is
solved now when I say is solved we still
have to do all the work of the political
work and the persuasion and the
economics and the technology I mean it's
a ton of work but we now have a clear
path because both the left and the right
just agreed now there are people who
were still not on board but they just
looked silly at this point you can't
take seriously Elizabeth Warren when
she's full anti-nuclear at the same time
CNN and Huffington Post and everybody on
the right is all pro-nuclear Warren
can't win so the the path to the path to
no nuclear is pretty much closed because
both sides just close the door now
where's AOC and all this because I think
I think you can't talk about climate
change and you can't talk about where
we're going unless you throw her and
she's so influential and her what is her
take on nuclear do you know do you know
a o'seas take on nuclear power
open to it yeah open to it so I believe
that's where latest statement is that
she's open to the argument now how do
you interpret open to it it's not like
she hasn't already looked into it do you
think a or C hasn't paid attention yeah
I know some of you have a low opinion of
everybody who's on the other side but
seriously AOC she's most associated with
the green New Deal she's looked into it
she knows nuclear has
be part of the solution there's no
there's no doubt that she understands
that and she's sort of doing that the
cat's on the roof with well I'm open to
it have you ever heard that joke cats on
the roof it goes like this
guy was going on vacation the esses
brother to look after his cat so a guy
goes on vacation and he's you know wants
to check in so a few days after vacation
starts he calls his brother to go say he
hasn't our things how's my cat and his
brother says your cat's dead he's like
oh my god oh my god you're ruining my
vacation that's so terrible how can you
just say like that you're so cruel and
the brother says well what am I supposed
to do I mean I'm just telling you the
truth and the guy says you could have
broken it to me more softly he goes what
do you mean yeah as well for example the
first time I called and asked about my
cat he buddy said oh the cats on the
roof and you know where we're trying to
get her down and then maybe the next day
I calls us well she's still in the roof
we're still trying to get her down and
maybe the third day you say well we
tried to get her down but she fell and
she looks injured and then maybe the
fourth day you say well looks like she's
not going to make it so by the time I
find out my cat died I've had lots of
time to sort of you know adjust to the
idea so try to try to break it to me
slowly next time and and the brother
says rere I get it so then the brother
on vacation says all right that's just
terrible he goes anything else happened
and the brother says mom's on the roof
alright so I will pause because I'm sure
you're laughing at home so aoc is
telling us that the nuclear power is on
the roof in other words she's trying to
break it to her side slowly that that's
the answer
she can't write she can't go out and say
green new do green new deal
let's do solar let's do windmills let's
do solar let's do windmills whoops let's
do nuclear you can't really do that you
need a little bit of
transition so she's in the open-minded
phase of the transition to full nuclear
cuz she you know she's going there right
now I of course have more more
confidence in her abilities than most of
you yeah and I have from the start and I
think she's smart and I think she's
gonna do her homework and I think she's
already Pro no nuclear and then we just
have to get there
alright so climate change is salt
meaning that we know how to solve it and
all the people who need to agree or on
board there are a few candidates who are
not on board but I don't think they're
gonna win so it doesn't matter all those
smart people are on board Cory Booker or
Andrew yang even Biden's advisors are
saying yes nuclear so let's talk about
immigration and health care would you
like me to solve both of them now oh I
can do that but first let me give you
some context let's go to the whiteboard
whiteboard coming at you ah all right
here's what I want to tell you this is a
framework for understanding where I'm
going next imagine if you will that
before and I'm just roughly picking
years to make a point let's say before
today throughout entire human history
mostly we were dealing with shortages
meaning that we were trying to find
enough food to eat we were trying to get
enough materials and money and capital
and we were trying to get stuff we
didn't have enough stuff all right
so imagine let's call that the era of
scarcity but I believe that now our
modern systems from amazon.com to
capitalism - you know FedEx - all the
systems we built have created a
situation where we can get all the stuff
we need if you have a good enough reason
to get it you can find anything you need
you can find a way to get it to you all
you really need is money and and we know
how to make money we know what how to
make business models we know how to get
jobs we know how to make
so I would argue that we are about to
enter or have entered what I'll call the
era of design the era of design is
notable because it imagines that you can
get all the stuff you need you just have
to organize it right now in terms of
design I'm talking about systems not
just products so I'm not talking about
designing a new phone that's just
product design it's not very interesting
I'm talking about designing systems such
as the Constitution in the United States
that's a system it's a good one the
system of capitalism it's good our legal
system it's a system all right and
here's my insight like every skill
design is something that some people
some few people are really really good
at other people are ok at it and other
people are bad at it it's just like
every other skill the top 1% of 1% of
people who are good at this
designing can change the world so people
like that would be for example the
founders of this country who designed a
constitution and the system that has
been just brilliantly effective for a
few hundred years now maybe it won't be
always as effective as environment
changes but they're great you know
Jefferson and and that crowd
Madison etc were great designers so
think of them not as founders think of
them as designers designers of systems
now who did we see part of the reason I
picked 2019 is because of Kanye so Kanye
West you know the story on his own his
own initiative he hired some
architectural folks and they designed
some example or tests as a test homes
that he was trying to develop for
low-income housing when he was done the
I guess the neighbors and the city said
hey you don't have permits and it's kind
of loud so he tore them down and I've
said that you're seeing the beginning of
his design
Faye's probably not the end of it that
whatever he learned what he built the
first first ones now he knows he'll
probably do some more in a different
place in a different way and then it'll
keep experimenting and designing his way
forward when you've got people like
Kanye designing housing suddenly you've
got something like Thomas Jefferson
designing the Constitution all right
you're you're you're elevating the this
skill level that's going into design now
I'm not going to say that Kanye will
necessarily design the low income house
of the future and that will change the
world but there are people like him who
are that level of creative designers and
you need that level you need the top 1%
of 1% who are getting ready to change
the world everything's gonna be
redesigned let me give you an example of
redesign and by the way once we get our
systems designed then we'll enter sort
of a golden age where where things are
going pretty well for us so let me give
you an example of how powerful design is
and I'm gonna use an example of a
hypothetical deal in which the left and
the right make an agreement in which the
left gets some stuff they want on health
care while the right get some stuff they
want on immigration this idea the seed
of this idea comes from a Joel Pollak at
Breitbart so credit to Joel for this
insight this insight is that there's
something about health care and
immigration that makes them a natural
pair for a deal and that is that they
influence each other
so if you had free health care it would
be a problem to also have unlimited
immigration because the immigrants would
come in eventually they would come in at
numbers so great that you and I can't
afford our healthcare anymore because
we're trying to share all right there
just wouldn't be enough money for you to
have health care you if you're let's say
a American citizen if you have unlimited
immigration
so the two topics are tied necessarily
you couldn't you couldn't untie them if
you wanted so how could you design
how could you design a system that takes
advantage of the fact that they're
connected and gives people what they
want and I'm just gonna throw out the
bones of an idea I'm not gonna sell this
ideas like the best way to go because I
don't know but it'll give you a sense of
what I'm talking about in terms of how
powerful design is all right so imagine
if you said the healthcare going forward
would be a combination of private
insurance so you can always pay your
same private insurance you have keep it
through the employer and you could have
that and it would be unchanged but it
would also be Medicare for the rest of
us we're some kind of it needs tests so
you can't get it if you're rich but if
you have a certain income you can just
get it now I understand there's
something like 15 to 18 percent of the
country doesn't have health care
insurance so you'd be adding to the cost
of you know I guess you'd be added to
the cost of society 15 or 20 percent on
top of health care so that would be too
expensive people would complain but
let's say that you simultaneously said
we're gonna have private insurance we're
gonna have Medicare from the rest of you
that's gonna cost more and the way that
we're going to pay for that
as at least as an attempt we'll see how
close we get to this is to try to reduce
costs through competition the
competition specifically would be that
the private insurance and the government
insurance would be bidding for services
and trying to be down the the providers
and lower the cost so you'd have as a
goal lowering overall cost of 20% that
would make this sort of revenue neutral
country wise it doesn't mean every
person is revenue neutral but country
wise it would break even and then you
would trade this and again this is just
throwing out the bones of an idea I'm
not saying this is the best idea you
trade it for effective border security
and you would be personalize it by
saying whatever the engineers say we
should do and we're
that's what we'll do so stop talking
about walls stop talking about fences
stop talking about electronic sensors
stop talking about humans just say
here's the deal
we just want the experts to tell us what
to do we're not for the purpose of
here's the beauty not for the purpose of
restricting but for the purpose of
controlling like a lever creating a
system for immigration that when we need
more of it we can easily pull the lever
and when we need less of it we put the
lever in other words just creating a
system for immigration that we don't
have right now right now we don't have a
system because it's up to the people
crushing the border whether they come in
or not it's not up to us there are too
many of them we can't control them so
imagine if you could that we we agreed
that the number of immigrants who would
come in on any given year would be based
on the unemployment rate so you'd
completely D personalize it and you say
to yourself look at this unemployment
rate will let this many immigrants in
and by the way Congress you could make
that go up or down you know it doesn't
have to stay there you we could decide
oh let's let's boost that up because
it's good for us and then I'm throwing
this in because I think this is coming
one way or the other eventually some day
there will be an app for immigrants who
are nurses and who want to work they
connect with employers through the app
so that the government can watch
everybody do it legally effectively that
would mean that having an app would be
like a workers visa without the
paperwork so so let me say that again
instead of going through a legal workers
visa program if you've got the app and
you've signed up for it and it's really
you that's it you've got a workers visa
but you also have to have an employer
say I'll give you a job so the app would
be pairing employers and employees it
would be handling the payments so that
the government could tax it how about
that the government could keep track of
the workers and everybody would be legal
somebody says you never account for Lyon
corrupt politicians and officials
totally unrealistic yeah I'm not saying
that any particular plan is realistic
I'm trying to give you an idea of how if
we could design better systems
everything would be better you know we
don't have a shortage of goods and
products we have a design problem so I
believe that there will be an app at
some point that does the job of keeping
everybody accounted for paying their
taxes paired with jobs maybe even
keeping them out of trouble and making
it easier for the immigrants to get work
and maybe even make it easier for them
to get on some path to citizenship
should the country decide that they want
to do that all right so here's what it
would look like as a designed plan now
you could call this a deal if you're
talking in president Trump language
you'd call it making a deal but it's a
special deal because it would have to be
designed so that these two parts of the
deal work together so that if
unemployment starts to go up you don't
have to build a wall then what would be
the worst system here's the worst system
would be unemployment starts to go up in
this country and then we can't stop
people from coming in that would be the
worst system right the best system would
be if we cantilever and our unemployment
goes up and then we just pull back a
little bit on immigration not completely
just just pull back enough to to get our
employee back where we want it and again
those things could be negotiated by
Congress it doesn't have to be what the
president is forcing on the country
somebody says are you saying automation
will have no effect no I'm not saying
anything like that somebody says how
about a better system instead to train
and educate people born and raised here
first well those don't have to be
instead those can be in addition to x'
so why wouldn't we do both
so the other thing I wanted to point out
is that I think Carmel Harris has some
kind of a plan where at least for ten
years you get to keep your private
insurance but I'm waiting to see the
good argument against having dual
healthcare systems because I don't know
any good argument against that do you
does anybody have a good argument for a
a good argument for why we wouldn't just
have dual health care system cover
everybody but with a with a you know an
income test well do all health care with
everybody cover that's the part that's
different all right
somebody says Germany has dual health
care system and it works well yeah I
think there are a few countries in Great
Britain does the other one right where
they can do that now the real question
is whether any of this allows you to
lower costs and it seems to me that the
administration could make a deal with
the Democrats to say if you will help us
do these market-based things to lower
costs that will you know drive down
costs help us with the votes we needed
to drive down costs we'll help you get a
system that runs parallel with private
insurance so that everybody can get
health insurance i I feel like that
would be a decent deal but it has to be
tied to immigration you absolutely can't
have you can't have a free health care
system and open immigration I think
everybody understands that they just
need to hear it it's one of those things
that just needs to be said and then you
hear it's the first time you go oh yeah
that's true how many people do you think
in the in the voting public know to make
the connection between immigration rates
and what they can do in a practical
sense with health care for all do you
think most of the public just sort of
immediately connects those two and says
oh I want health care for all oh wait I
can't have that if it's also
open borders I don't know that everybody
makes that connection and once you make
that connection
this design just falls out from that
doesn't it just sort of blood it's the
obvious thing where you where you end up
now I keep saying that I think health
care is going to end up with some kind
of a dual system and but I'm really kind
of testing that idea because I keep
expecting that someone in the comments
or somewhere else will say Scott Scott
Scott read this article or look at these
statistics and you can see why you can't
ever have a dual health care system it
won't work and here's the reason I
haven't seen a reason I mean I I'm not
saying I've seen bad reasons or any
reasons have you all right explain the
difference between outcomes why would I
keep private
oh so you would the only people who
could get the public option under the
dual system I'm talking about would be
people who were below a certain income
or over a certain age or I think below a
certain age so so children and seniors
and then adults under a certain income
would be the only ones who could get the
government to pay for it everybody else
has to pay for their own because they
have money or they have a job and their
employers paying for it then the second
thing is the quality of the care a lot
of people have a preference you might
not be able to get the same doctor of
the same quality of care the same
timeliness the same confidence as if you
are in a private private option if
somebody says in Germany anyone can get
the public system but above a certain
income yeah so it's the so the other way
to do it which is effectively the same
thing is that your income determines
what if anything you would pay for the
the public or private options all right
will it be mandatory to have one of the
other I don't see why it would be what
why would you force somebody to have
mandatory free insurance i you can't
force somebody to go to the doctor so
you know for the for the free option the
one that's below a certain income people
can just ignore it but I suppose all
you'd have to do is show up to the right
kind of doctor or emergency room and
you'd be covered I think that's all
that's what it is now somebody say what
if you have money but you don't want to
buy private insurance well I guess I
know we'll deal with that somehow okay
how many people think I just solved
climate change not by myself obviously
health care and immigration again not by
myself I'm using Joel Pollux seed of an
idea and expanding on it so don't blame
him for anything I expanded on just the
just the the insight that those two
things could be a deal because they they
both so here's the other reason the
health care and immigration make a
natural deal because they're equivalent
emotionally right there they're sort of
both large national interests that have
our emotions and our attention and if I
said to you what's bigger immigration or
health care well you'd have to think
about it for a moment
you know you probably say health care
some people would say immigration so the
fact that you would you'd have to think
about it tells you they're both big and
that makes it a fair trade it's like
okay I'll give you your big thing you
give me your big thing and we'll both
make the thing we're giving up at least
a little bit moderate so this is the
quietest I've ever seen my audience I
don't know what's going on here is there
anybody who thinks this is a bad idea
did did I just describe solutions for
the three biggest problems in the world
now that's not true the the three
biggest let's say political topics in
the country did I just describe three
solutions for the three biggest
political issues and everybody here is
going though okay
is that what happened I don't know so
some of you were saying no we're not
solved but I'm not saying any reasons
is there something obvious I'm missing
okay so that's about all I have today I
would love to see a debate on the
question of whether or not a dual system
works now my take on Elizabeth Warren is
she is a hundred percent unelectable and
the reasons are that her to stand on
nuclear energy it's just the end of the
story if you've got Huffington Post and
CNN the hole the hole right and and all
the important left and every scientist
saying we need nuclear power Warren just
doesn't have anything she's just empty
there she's she has an empty empty
weapon there and then secondly wanting
to take your health care away for every
person who loves that idea they're gonna
be I think two people who don't want to
lose their existing health care so I
feel that she's got a place she has a
plan that can get her
maybe the nomination but it's not even
slightly competitive am I am I wrong
does it seem to you that Warren would
not be even slightly competitive because
of nuclear you so the whole climate
change she can't get right and health
care if you get though and you know
immigration will be people would just
take sides so she's fine on immigration
from the standpoint that her own team
likes where she is I'm sure but I it
looks like the Democrats are driving as
fast as they can
toward guaranteed losing it's the
weirdest thing now I will continue to
say because it's not fair to change my
predictions and
midstream that Harris is still their
only chance of winning because Harris as
something like a dual health care system
idea and I'm sure that she could also
pivot to well I'll take a look at
nuclear because she's we don't really
even know what Harris is up I don't even
know what she thinks about nuclear do
you even if she said she doesn't like it
you could easily imagine you're saying
well I looked into it and maybe we need
a little nuclear so I think she has a
chance because she could at least you
know pivot a little to the center and
create some policies she's got the age
right she's got the you know she's she's
got person of color right she's got
gender right she's got the experience
she's not just mayor mayor's don't seem
exciting she sort of still has the whole
package the only thing she has and says
she's terrible at campaigning apparently
and that might be fixable you know no
you don't know she got this far so she
knows how to learn that's all yeah for
now I will talk to you later