[Music]
hey everybody
yeah it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams as luck would have it that's me
and you already know who you are
so put us all together and it would be
almost time for the simultaneous set
it's a wonderful ceremony in which your
dopamine gets spiked and you'll be happy
all day I'll teach you some more tricks
for happiness in a moment but first
prepare for the simultaneous up you're
going to need a couple more glasses
tying the chalice tankard a thermos
flask you can't be the vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous it oh yeah oh yeah that's
good
we're going to talk about some stuff in
the news and then I'm gonna teach you
how to be happy actually literally teach
you how to be happy in a way that's
pretty easy to do many of you will find
your life entirely changed after today
actually literally a lot of the people
who are watching this live I don't know
what percentage but some percentage of
you your entire life will change in the
next few minutes so wait for that but
first some things in the news I was
feeling grateful that an tyfa exists
today because even though anti-fog
doesn't have a central leadership they
are organized in the sense that they
communicate and that's going to be very
important if we ever have an actual
fascist takeover of the government so
you've got this anti-fascist group and
they communicate so they can coordinate
and then you might have a fascist
government some day it might be a
fascist government that tries to take
power in the United States so it's going
to be really good to have all the Anti
Fog
people coordinated so that when the time
comes for action they can all get out of
the way so that the Republicans who have
firearms can take care of the fascists I
think that's going to be useful because
the last thing you want is to send your
anti file with their clubs and masks
after the government it's just not going
to go well but if we had an actual
fascist takeover you would want antifa
to efficiently get out of the way
because the serious firearms would come
out they would be owned mostly by
Republicans and Republicans would take
care of business now not a Republican
I'm just saying that if you had let's
say a fascism problem and he needed to
take care of it
who would you want to do it a Republican
with a gun a truck and an American flag
or an anti-fog member with a mask and a
club and maybe he takes uber which one
do you want one of those groups just
needs to get out of the way as quickly
as possible so I'm glad that antiphon is
so well organized President Trump made
one of the biggest persuasion mistakes I
think that I've ever seen
certainly biggest one I've ever seen
from Trump and it's a pretty big one and
it was the issue of the bedbugs so you
know the story New York Times writer
breast stevens was called a bedbug by
some college professor and then press
stevens went after him and complained to
the guy's boss and i don't i don't care
about any of that but just know that
there's a story about the New York Times
has some bedbugs in the office and pres
Stevens got pulled into this because
somebody called him a bedbug Trump who
is no fan of pres Stevens way
and does this tweet in which he says
there are no bedbugs at his Doral
Country Club as had been reported in the
past but that Brett Stevens is full of
them now that is a huge huge persuasion
mistake very untypical for those of you
who say hey you're always saying the
president does the right stuff all the
time I don't I don't that just is not a
true statement I quite often will
criticize him for various things
this one's really sticks out here's why
well it was clever and sort of funny
well what's funny the the president's
tweet so that part's good it's clapper
it's funny he called that an enemy we
enjoyed the show but what he did was he
he raised in our consciousness a story
that I don't think any of us knew I mean
some of you might have known that there
was some story about one one bungalow
and one person who may have had some
bedbugs by now of course it's taken care
of it's nothing to worry about so there
wasn't an actual problem and the
president is claiming there was no
problem which you know I don't know how
technically accurate that is but I'm
sure there's no problem now so at the
moment Doral is I'm sure completely fine
why in the world would you make make the
public put that thought in their head
and and pair the name of your resort
with a specific kind of a problem that
you wouldn't want anybody to be thinking
about so it was a just a horrendous
persuasion mistake all right
you've seen the stories about Minnesota
Democrat representative Elon Oumar she's
denying allegations of an affair with a
married Washington DC consultant I don't
care
I don't care why is that a story well
can we just stop making stories about
people having sex with the wrong people
could we just stop you know what is my
opinion of Elon omar's fitness for a
government based on her you know alleged
sexual activities I don't care I just
don't care
so there's that all right wouldn't you
love to see some kind of a browser
add-on that whenever you're reading a
news article it adds a credibility score
now of course there's a question of who
gets to decide on the credibility but I
think you could work that out so imagine
every time you saw a story it was like a
credibility B+ put on the source or
maybe even the writer that would be
helpful how about this browser add-on
that whenever you're reading a story of
a certain topic and it's within a news
silo that it automatically gives you
links to the other story from opposing
political view so in other words if
you're reading a fox news story about
whatever rush inclusion that there's
also a link prominently shown to go see
what the other people say about the same
story wouldn't that be useful somebody
was saying don't add credibility scores
but I believe there might be a way to do
that that doesn't offend people but you
wouldn't have to do that you could just
show both stories and let people decide
somebody says all sides calm does that I
don't think they do that with a I'll
have to look into that I don't want to
say what they do or don't do but maybe
that's a thing that could happen I was
thinking that the social media platforms
would like it because it could
potentially double their traffic if
people are used to staying in their silo
and only reading the one news story on
the one topic from their one source
wouldn't it double the traffic if they
saw a Provident links to another
competing story they might click them so
I think the social media platforms would
like it Purdue Pharma is the latest to
get in trouble for opioid addiction
responsibility shall we say in the
there's reports that they're negotiating
a ten to twelve billion dollar
settlement it's a private company and
they're accused of pushing opioids on
the country what I like about the story
is simply that the the United States the
government and the legal system has
decided that the opioid problem is a big
deal and and we're gonna go at it from
every possible angle I like that
so we got that priority right I got a
question for you is the wall being built
does anybody know if the wall is being
built because they're pretty sure if I
if I want to see it in they would say no
there's no wall being built there's just
some existing wall being you know fixed
up which is just normal business but if
you went to Fox News would they say that
walls being built like crazy look at all
this wall can you believe that the
simplest story you could ever imagine is
there a wall being built doesn't that
seem like that's a yes/no question is
there a wall being built but I think
there is right it feels like there's a
wall getting built I think there is
there's a story about Israel developing
anti drone technology apparently they
have some kind of technology that can
electronically take control of up to 200
drones coming toward them in a swarm
think about that a swarm of drones all
programmed to attack in Israel has some
technology that can just take over the
brains of all the drones tell them
information about
where it came from which is not good for
the people who said it and land them
safely and take control of them I don't
know how well that works but it's
impressive and it might be good news
I noticed that Google is moving
production of its pixel smartphone out
of China and to Vietnam that's a pretty
big deal Google being a big company
moving the production out of China I
wonder how many others will do the same
I've been reading some stories about
China's intentions in the world and
you've probably seen that too I don't
know what to believe so the the story
that you were seeing a lot is that the
Chinese leadership has an explicit plan
to weaken and if not destroy the United
States in every way possible from
fentanyl to trade to building up their
military to dirty tricks I guess cyber
stuff is that real is it
because I don't really know it feels
like the sort of thing that could easily
not be real and by that I mean I know
that there are books talking about
China's total war strategy but does that
mean everybody who is important in the
government including President Xi buys
into the idea that China should be
weakening the United States in every
possible way do that maybe I don't know
I don't know we're certainly hearing
that from there's a I just tweeted
around to interview Kyle bass is doing
with some Chinese dissenter who's who
got away and he predicted somebody
getting killed in China correctly you
know he said that guy's gonna get
murdered by the government and he was
dead of the year so he's got some
credibility I just don't know what is
real I don't know if anybody does it
makes me wonder so there's not much news
today so that's the danger so I wanted
to teach you
had to be happy I've spent my life
trying to turn it into a formula had to
be happy and I did that my book had a
fail in almost everything and still win
big but I'm gonna give you the the
quicker synopsis for those who you who
don't know how to be happy and as
obvious as this will be in some of you
for many of you this will be the first
time you've ever seen it and explained
this way let me explain
happiness so happiness here's at the top
that's your goal we'd all like to be
happy in order to be happy there are
three chemicals in your body in your
brain that need to be at the right level
now I'm going to grossly oversimplify
the chemical nature of human beings
there are certainly lots more than three
chemicals involved in keeping you happy
but as a general statement if these
three are where they need to be you're
probably gonna be happy unless there's
some terrible problem in your life that
you know is unsolvable
so did I spell serotonin room
I may have spelled it wrong tell me if I
spelled that wrong anyway so these
chemicals can be boosted through
lifestyle if you don't know that you
don't understand how happiness works
most people that I talk to you are under
the mistaken impression the happiness is
something you can think your way into in
other words if you put some happy
thoughts in your head or or you don't
have any problems or where there's
somehow a mental process your happiness
is not a mental process if you think it
is you can't help yourself you're going
to be lost forever so whether you have a
mental problem that keeps you low in
these things which is typical you know
depression anxiety OCD there are a
number of mental conditions which which
are at least associated with
lower levels of these things if you
treat happiness as a physical process
the end result of which is you feel
happy then you have a mechanism to do
something about if you think it's a
mental process there's nothing you can
do about it you are a victim of your
environment but if you understand that
you can do things in your life that will
boost these chemicals and then these
chemicals in turn will make you feel
good
then you have a mechanism and for each
of these things let me explain these
things so oxytocin is the chemical that
makes you feel connected to people makes
you feel in love makes you feel bonded
and that's mostly from social
interaction especially touch you can get
it from sex hugging I think you can get
it from your pets you know playing with
your cat or your dog and you can get it
from a massage yeah and children can get
it from their their parents from them
touch but these other things dopamine
and serotonin are sort of lifestyle
related and if you get a system for all
of this stuff the system for your diet
and exercise and sleep you're going to
have a lot more of it how many people do
you know who believe they're unhappy but
all they're doing is they're doing this
stuff wrong they're doing the they're
doing the lifestyle stuff wrong and they
think hey I'm unhappy there's something
wrong with the way I'm thinking there's
something wrong with my brain
probably not there's probably and when I
say probably I'm gonna say 80% of the
time for 80% of you the feeling of not
being happy or fulfilled all of those
feelings or because you don't have a
system in place to work toward improving
these over time so for diet for example
I talked about this in my book had it
failed almost everything and still win
big it should be a lifelong process of
learning about diet and experimenting
with what works for you in my case if I
eat if I eat too many bad carbs if I
need too many bad
Erbs I'm unhappy every frickin time
every time if I if I have a burrito for
lunch the rest of the day I'm not happy
because my energy will crash and I can't
be happy when I have yes a sugar crash
so learn about diet by making you the
lifelong system to chip away at it an
experiment learn that protein is good
for you learn that simple carbs are bad
for you always always don't have cheat
days if you have a cheat day
you don't understand how anything works
there's a longer explanation for that
but don't have a cheat day exercise
again my book added fail teaches you how
to create habits and how to organize
your life so it's more likely that
you'll do something active every day
doesn't matter what you do but be active
every day you will find that if you get
exercise right most of your days are
better everybody who has an exercise
routine will confirm what I'm saying on
days that you exercise you feel happier
it's pretty much a one-to-one thing so
learn to do that get enough sleep a lot
of people think that sleep is somehow
out of their control sleep is something
you absolutely control now again these
are 80% true statements 20% of the
people may have some medical problem
they've got something that needs to deal
with but for 80% of us go to bed the
same time
wake up the same same time every day
don't put your you know don't watch TV
and dad don't do things that get you
excited don't watch a scary movie before
you go to bed you know there are some
very basic things which all you'd have
to do is Google some articles about how
to sleep follow the follow the steps
there aren't that many of them every
article on how to sleep would be pretty
similar learn a system for sleep if
you're the kind of person who likes to
stay up really late on weekends
but then during the week you've got to
go back to your you know your eight to
five life you're just killing yourself
you don't have much chance of being
happy if you think that you can mess
with your sleep and still be happy you
can't you can have a good evening but
you're awake is not going to be happy
make sure you get some nature there's
you know meaning get outside Sun is
important but it seems to be important
here to your chemistry to just interact
with nature so get out of the house get
around some trees get around some grass
that helps do what you can to improve
your social life
I recommend the Dale Carnegie method of
learning how to talk to people learning
how to be good to people here's the big
trick for a good social life you ready I
don't believe it's hard for me to
believe I have to tell you this but
probably the vast majority of you don't
know what I'm gonna say next and it will
change your life
you ready if you don't have a good
social life that's your fault totally
it's your fault because you don't know
the technique having a good social life
is technique now I can't get into all of
it
the Dale Carnegie courses will teach you
but you should know how to talk to
strangers you should know how to talk to
people and have good conversations but
the main thing you need to do to have a
good socialize is give more than you get
that's it think you generously and
people will say well that's somebody I
want to hang around with that person
just asked me if they could do me a
favor I barely know that's somebody you
want to spend some time with invite
people to your place set up an outing
yourself buy somebody lunch solve a
problem for somebody offer to help
alright
social life is completely under your
control stop thinking that people will
like you for who you are on the inside
nobody cares who you are on the inside
they can't see it
they can't see the inside of you they
know they only know what you do they
can't read your mind
so do things that are generous if you do
that you will have a social life might
not be the first day but you're gonna
have one so get out in the real world
get involved in some some groups where
there are people go make yourself a
solution life I find that as useful to
have a purpose in life a purpose the
best way to find one is to be useful to
society and to other people if what
you're doing all day is good for no one
but you you will not feel like you have
a purpose and that will eat at your
chemical state it will decrease your
you're happy chemicals so find a purpose
it's easy to find the purpose figure out
what you're good at
or at least you can become good at and
you're willing to do then try it if it
doesn't work try something else you've
watched me most of you watch me try to
be useful for the blight Authority bill
Paul T's thing trying to clean up the
inner cities as well as built all these
philanthropic efforts I've been trying
to be supportive of that and a number of
other things I try to be helpful on
those things give me meaning when I'm
when I'm what I have quiet moments I
think about those things because I say
to myself yeah I'm doing stuff that
might not help I don't know if it'll
make a big difference but at least I'm
doing things that make sense could work
or part of a solution perhaps a little
bit helpful in these different ways
somebody says loving your family correct
you could build a sense of purpose
around your family now there's a trap
there because that usually means around
your children because the children leave
eventually so you want to be able to
find ways to you know find meaning that
are not dependent on one or two people I
also find that when I'm learning and
and growing in other words I'm getting
better at something I feel more
fulfilled and my body chemistry feels
better so it doesn't matter what you're
learning or growing at could be your
career could be something useful in some
other way and it could be just learning
the things that you need to take care of
yourself could be just learning that but
build your talent stack add talents all
the time you should never be here's my
advice you should never be in a state of
not learning period now you might be so
busy they have to reduce the time that
you're spending learning something to a
small part of your day
that would be normal but never have a
day where you didn't learn something you
can Google something you can read an
article you can talk to somebody who
knows more than you do you can use my
app interface but I went up and call an
expert to learn something you needed to
know but try to learn something every
day you will be amazed what that does to
you you'll have a sense of moving in the
right direction all right so in summary
happiness is not some internal mental
process that you can just think your way
to a better happiness it is a chemical
state if you get your body chemistry
right mostly these three chemicals are
the ones you hear about you will have a
feeling of contentment and happiness to
get those chemicals right science is
very clear what works gotta get your
diet right your exercise your sleep got
to get out in nature touch some people
improve your social life avoid stress I
didn't talk about this one but it's
obvious I do not watch movies that are
dramas I do not watch movies that are
scary or have bad endings I won't even
watch a comedy if it has a bad ending I
don't I don't expose myself to fiction
which is negative because even if you
think you're entertained and you are
you're adding stress to your life you
just don't know it
I avoid stressful people
you are toxic I'm just not going to talk
to you again that's it
do I feel bad when I cut people out of
my life and I don't talk to them again a
little bit but not as bad as I feel when
I'm with them the horror is spending
time with toxic people the horror is not
the embarrassment or the discomfort or
the awkwardness of getting rid of them
you have to get rid of toxic people and
learn and grow and that will give you a
purpose if you're being useful to the
world
yeah the news can be quite toxic as well
I'm addicted to the news at the moment
because a lot of the Trump news is
entertaining
it's literally funny and nobody's
getting hurt most of the time sometimes
it you know D falls into bad stuff
do I make an exception for Game of
Thrones yeah I kinda do I do but when I
watch Game of Thrones
I don't feel tension or stress it's
well-made and it's funny and it takes me
into a different world and it doesn't
seem like a real world so I don't take
that too seriously
I would say if you're watching Lord of
the Rings which you would say is a drama
action a lot of people getting killed
Lord of the Rings is just sort of a
fantasy fun things so I wouldn't worry
about that I would never watch a Quentin
Tarantino movie again I've watched his
movies and they just make me feel bad
period they're well made
apparently Quentin Tarantino is an
amazing filmmaker all the critics agree
but a lot of his films make me feel bad
so I don't watch them same with
Spielberg Spielberg is on the top of my
list of directors to avoid now if he
does a comedy movie or you know
something light-hearted that would
certainly watch that because he's a
great filmmaker but if he does something
like you know everything about the
Holocaust for example shouldn't lers
list it's gonna be so well made that it
brings you into this horrible world and
it's like
you you you were there I'm still scarred
by movies I've seen years ago and some
of them are Spielberg's so that's your
happiness formula the main point is to
understand that it's a chemical reaction
and that you control your chemistry by
your lifestyle and specifically you can
develop systems over time where maybe
you don't know too much of that diet but
you can learn it don't know too much
about exercise or systems you can learn
it and that just changed some percentage
of some percentage of those watching
this their lives just completely changed
I guarantee you now I don't know what
percentage it is it could be one percent
could be ten percent could be thirty
percent but for a lot of you your your
life just completely changed because for
the first time you're seeing a
completely practical path to get from
wherever you are to how you want to feel
and and once you see that this works and
the only way to see it is to actually
practice it start paying attention to
your diet your sleep and your exercise
and also your touch and your nature to
start paying attention to what you did
that day and then pay attention to how
you feel about your day once you notice
there's a one-to-one correlation between
doing those things right that get your
chemistry right and having a good day
you're all set that's that's what you
need you need that realization to make
it real and you have to do it and try it
to be able to actually feel that it
makes a difference all right I'm just
looking at your your comments now I I
hear every day from people who say their
life was completely transformed by
thinking of their life in terms of
systems versus goals the goal would be
to be happy but how Wow
you need a system to get there so as
soon as you remember that the goal
doesn't tell you how to get there the
systems do then you've got a you've got
a formula for working your way through
life to a better solution all right I
will I'll take a picture of the
whiteboard here I will put that that
will be part of the the YouTube posting
so everything I do here in periscope
gets posted on YouTube within a few
hours and will post the photo on this
it'll be at that real coffee with Scott
Adams on YouTube somebody says isn't it
true that some people don't need daily
relations well there are people who are
introverts I would consider myself one
of them people who find that spending a
lot of time with other people can be
draining other people find that spending
a lot of time with other people can be
more fulfilling and energizing but even
if you're an introvert
you you can't escape nature's
requirements in other words your your
chemical situation it has a lot in
common with somebody who's not in
insurance and so even introverts do need
even the introverted do need human
contact
they just need less of it and a certain
kind and they've got to control it a
little better than other people I will
put the photo of this on the blog so
that will be part of the process my blog
is moved to at Scott and says calm
alright somebody says make that segment
its own YouTube video please maybe I'll
think about that but that's all for
today and I will talk to you all later