them hey everybody come on in
it's gonna be one of those days you know
one of those days where stuff happens
and we talk about it and we laugh and
then we go on and have an amazing day
and how does the day start oh look what
I did I don't know if it looks the same
on your screen
but somehow magically I have placed my
coffee cup where on my screen it looks
like all the hearts are coming out of
the coffee cup oh could you see it or is
that just on my author or screen how
cool is that
let's call that the coincidence remember
that for later because that's part of my
topic today coincidence well first
before we get to the topic you know if
you want to enjoy the little thing
called the simultaneous sip I recommend
you get a cup or a mug or a glass a
tanker challenger's side a canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind filling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
look at those hearts coming out of that
coffee put it up to your lips and get
ready for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous up go oh so people are
saying it's backwards on their screen
yeah
how about this how about that on my
screen it looks like the comments are
coming out of the cup now but if it's
backwards it looks like hearts are
coming out of the cup in theory all
right let's start with the funniest
story of the day the funniest story of
the day is watching Bloomberg get eaten
alive by his own team there's a trending
hashtag this morning called hashtag
Bloomberg is racist now
turns out that there's a an audio has
surfaced an old audio in which Mike
Bloomberg is is talking about how he
concentrated his resources as New York
City Mayor to fight crime and let's just
say that it's subject to interpretation
so there are two legitimate ways that
you could take what he said and I'm not
going to give you is exact words you can
you can see them on the news everywhere
today but if you were to put a positive
spin on it and I'm not saying this is my
opinion I'm just saying it's another one
of those situations that's two movies
playing simultaneously on one screen so
the most positive spin you could put on
this Bloomberg audio that surfaced is
that he was talking about how he wanted
to concentrate valuable public resources
you know something of value in
low-income communities that needed it
the most this sounds pretty good doesn't
it you know if there's a low-income
community and they need a public
resource the Mike Bloomberg apparently
delivered in the form of law enforcement
now who needs the most law enforcement
well people have the highest crime rate
right so the positive way to interpret
what Mike Bloomberg said on the audio
the surfaced is that he was taking
public resources much of it came from
people with money who would pay taxes
transferred it from the rich to the low
income places where it would be the most
benefit and they needed it the most
that's pretty great Wow
Bloomberg is quite the guy well that's
the positive spin that would be one of
the two movies that's playing but that's
not the one that inspired the hashtag
hashtag Bloomberg is racist here here's
the other movie looking at exactly the
same facts exactly the same audio here's
the other movie
he focused on arresting minorities which
is pretty obviously racist cancelled so
you have to follow if you want a good
laugh follow the hashtag and just see
the comments and it goes without saying
that Republicans and Trump supporters
are having a lot of fun with this and
are really you know blasting it out
there for maximum effect but at the same
time the the Democrats who are the most
likely to be let's say
offended or most likely to be watching
the movie where it's the worst possible
interpretation they're getting pretty
bad they're pretty mad at their Mike
Bloomberg now if it turned out that all
of those people who appear to be
Democrats who are mad at Mike Bloomberg
for what they would say is racist
policies if it turned out that there
were really trolls and that they're
actually just you know Republicans who
are pretending to be offended Democrats
we wouldn't know the difference and so I
don't think you can automatically trust
you know the weight of commenting on
social media because you're going to see
lots of fake fake political identities
on both sides all right so this made me
wonder how could how could somebody do
what Mike Berg Mike Bloomberg presumably
intended to do which was reduced crime
and the places where you needed to
reduce it the most how could you do that
without simultaneously really being
labeled a racist now I always talked
about as systems being better than goals
the goal is to be fair to everybody and
have no racism and another goal is to
reduce crime and apparently we haven't
figured out a system where you can get
one without offending in the other way
so here's my suggestion for a system
something that you couldn't have done
even a few years ago but the technology
would allow this
and I'll just this is just brainstorming
don't you know don't imagine necessarily
that this is my preferred way to go just
brainstorming suppose you said that
you're going to you're the mayor
and you're going to assign police
resources based on two criteria number
one how much crime there is in that
neighborhood so it's just sort of a
formula right if there's this much crime
we'll put this many police officers and
then what if you added a second element
you give everybody a neighborhood app
maybe it already exists but something
that would allow people to say I live in
this neighborhood
this is my identity you'd have to you'd
have to say who you are so you could be
you know verify and as a resident and
you and you'd have let's say three or
four choices for how much policing you
prefer in your neighborhood so if you
lived in a pretty safe neighborhood
you'd say you know I don't want to see
the police unless we call them so that
would be the lowest level it was a
little more dangerous neighborhood just
a little bit more you might say you know
it wouldn't hurt to have a car come by
every now and then that would be similar
to where I live where I live there's a
little bit of crime and it probably is
useful to have a cop car go by every now
and then just to remind us that they
exist but let's say at the highest level
you'd have the option if you're a
resident of a community you could say
give me the maximum I'm a law-abiding
citizen and all this crime does nothing
for me does nothing for me I'd rather
I'd rather have more police and less
crime so then that would give the mayor
two objective things first of all they'd
have to be a higher crime neighborhood
to get more police that's the only fair
thing to do you don't want to have a lot
of police in a low crime neighborhood
just because that's where the rich
people live and then the second thing is
did the did they request it and you can
actually show the community look I got
two things I got a high crime and here's
the community actually requesting it you
know by a by a majority
they've requested the highest level and
the highest level corresponds to this
many police officers roughly so I think
Mike Bloomberg's instincts and again I'm
not a mind-reader so I'm not going to
say what his private interior thoughts
are but if the let's say the objective
is to reduce crime you need to go where
the crime is unless they don't want it
and I would think if a community really
had a serious problem with more with
more police presence there should be an
option to have less of it and then as
long as people have an option of moving
which of course not everybody has how
here's another here's another trade-off
suppose a high high crime community
could vote again using an app so you'd
have to connect everybody so you've got
the the will of the people expressed in
a way that you can measure suppose they
said we'd like public surveillance
cameras with facial recognition so that
if criminals come into our neighborhood
police know it and maybe that's a
trigger for how many patrol cars are in
the neighborhood let's say the cameras
picked up an unusual number of criminal
elements the suppose you saw two or
three criminals on the same street
corner or in the same car as they're
parked at a park tantalite well maybe
the police say let's let's take a drive
through so you could imagine a number of
systems that would give you some kind of
objective data some more intrusive than
others yes I know you don't want your
privacy you don't want your privacy
violated that way but the point is we
could probably come up with systems that
would make nobody look like a racist and
still would put the law enforcement
resources were there where they would
have the most impact anyway so that's
the first idea let's talk about
predicting Bloomberg's odds you know
there are a million ways to predict
what's going to happen everybody's got
their own little
variable this variable is the one that
predicts everything in truth they're
probably there probably is no such thing
as one variable that is too predictive
because it's a it's a big soup of
variables so I don't think anybody's
good at predicting any of this stuff
including me but let's talk about the
theories of predicting for Bloomberg one
theory that I see like sort of it's
tweeting about and it's a strong one is
that the amount of money that Bloomberg
has is so powerful in other words if he
weaponized as his his money or a portion
of it and we can't really quite even
imagine but probably can't even imagine
how much influence that could have and
we see his poll numbers going up because
he's spending you know enormous amounts
of money on that now working against
that that the theory that money can buy
you anything including the nomination
and then including including winning in
the general election that's a pretty
strong theory if you were going to make
a prediction that was based on one and
only one variable that would be right up
there I think a smart person could could
put some money on that but it's not a
one variable world we got other stuff
going on and you know will that amount
of money to be enough to let's say
legally bribed with people in all the
ways that our society lets you legally
bribe people you know buy opportunities
and suggested and suggested lack of
economic opportunity if you write a bad
bad let's say a bad article about
Bloomberg so a lot of subtle and direct
and direct ways the money can influence
things but mostly it can brainwash you
can literally brainwash people with
money how you just repeat your message
enough until it just becomes truth
repetition repetition translates into
truth if you do it enough and he has the
money to do it enough
all right but the other theory uh-huh
and here would be another example of
using one variable to predict this the
issue of whether Bloomberg has a problem
with the black vote let's say in
particular because of his policies his
crime-fighting policies and his record
in New York City how likely is that that
that one variable especially when it's
being promoted by not only the
Republicans but it's being reported
you know promoted by anybody in the
Democrat side who has a problem with
that sort of thing and there are a lot
of them so is that enough that all of
the money in the world can't help you
what you which of those would you bet on
would you bet on his I don't know
whatever billions he ends up spending
you know a couple billion he could if he
wants or would you bet on the fact that
the Democrats are so predictable with
their with their approach to things
they're going to see another old rich
white guy and they're going to see this
this vulnerability as at least in their
point of view it would look like a
vulnerability and they're just gonna
tear them apart well let's say it gets
to a brokered convention do you think do
you think that the the Democrats if it
got to a brokered convention do they
have the option of picking Bloomberg or
do they in other words could they get
away with that or would it rip the party
apart because I got to think two-thirds
of the people in the Democratic Party
would say we're not exactly the brand
that picks the old white billionaire and
why would you pick him to run against an
old white billionaire who's got you know
accusations that are gonna sound a lot
like you know the Bloomberg once it
feels like the worst matchup you can
ever have so if the Democrats picked the
guy who I think you could make an
argument he's one of the worst matchups
because he's in order to get Mike
Bloomberg you'd have to
with Trump and remove everything that's
interesting you know you make him boring
making shorter make you more
black-and-white instead of orbs you just
have to remove all the interesting stuff
and then you'd get you'd get Mike
Bloomberg but he's older he hasn't he
hasn't quite you know debated on the
national stage with you know national
topics Trump's had a lot of practice
Bloomberg has never been you know up
against somebody like Trump who again
has had a lot of practice by now so I
would say that the the odds of a
brokered convention picking Bloomberg
that seems unlikely because I think it
would rip the party apart but suppose
suppose Bernie didn't get quite enough
support to get across the finish line
and it's a brokered convention what
would happen if he didn't get picked
if Bernie has the most support but it's
still not enough and it gets to a
brokered convention and they pick
anybody else what are the Bernie
supporters going to do well after they
complained in protest and trying to rip
the party apart they're not going to
show up they're not going to go to vote
and if they don't even show up they're
not going to automatically you know
click for the House of Representatives
and the other the other Democrats so if
they don't pick Bernie that probably
lose the house if they do pick Bernie in
my opinion he has no chance of winning
the presidency because at least half of
the Democrats are going to understand
and certainly Trump would make them
understand you realize half of you
Democrats are going to be worse off and
Bernie's telling you this directly you
know he's not even disagreeing with this
point he's gonna raise the taxes on
people of money and transfer it to
people who in some cases made decisions
you think they shouldn't of let's say
student loan
or didn't work hard enough in your
opinion to get a job that has health
care or whatever so I think there's just
a ton of Democrats who are not going to
you know give Bernie enough support no
matter what they thought of the
president so if they do pick burning
they can't win the presidency but they
might get enough people to well yeah
they still might get enough people to
show up to vote so might not be so bad
for the House of Representatives all
right so we'll see what happens and I
wonder if Bloomberg would be a good
match with complex because Bloomberg has
the you know the same problem but then
that would be sort of you know two
people who were tough on crime yeah I
don't know if that would work that would
be probably a bad bad matchup all right
um there was a Wall Street Journal
article that was kind of critical of
Peabody JJ and his military service in
the sense it would not critical in the
service per se but critical of the fact
that he may be lets say explaining it in
a more in a hyperbolic way so the
reality apparently is that he got
commissioned in through some you know
special way that you don't have to go
through boot camp and you get I think
maybe it guarantees you cushy or
assignments mostly work behind a desk
but it did spend seven months in
Afghanistan including you know leaving
the compound and vehicles and stuff and
it's a pretty dangerous place so some
people say oh you know that will that
will take one of the main things about
the Budaj
argument away you know it will take away
the you know the great respect that his
military service automatically gets if
you imagine that he just sort of snuck
in the side door and didn't do what
other people did and got an easy
assignment that's what some people say
I'm not sure that's gonna
I don't think that's gonna make a
difference because the vast majority of
people did not serve themselves and if
you didn't serve at all
you're still pretty impressed by
somebody who spent seven months in
Afghanistan and I don't care what they
were doing all right if you were to
compare how much service I've given the
country compared to Buddha jej who
actually went to Afghanistan and was
there for seven months and doing useful
things just as it turns out not that
close to the bullets but you're always
close to something dangerous if you're
in Afghanistan so I think the average
person is going to say yeah yeah if
you're in the military if you are a
marine or somebody in your family as a
Marine
I get that you're gonna rank people by
you know the the level of Honor but I
think people are gonna leave that to the
military in military families and
everybody else is gonna say you know
that's not my opinion to make because he
did more than I did so I just don't
think that's gonna count against him too
much but it was interesting to learn
exactly what the situation was there and
and of course if he ended up getting the
nomination and he ran against Trump his
military service no matter where ranked
in the you know in the valor and in
bravery category it's gonna look good
compared to anybody who didn't serve so
but Buddha judges big problem is that I
didn't know if it was just a fluke they
he had that extended debate performance
in which he talked nothing but jargon it
was just all this empty consultant talk
and I thought to myself oh he just had a
bad moment and he was trying to catch
himself but never quite caught himself
but he's he's so good you know verbally
he's just so good that he you know did a
good job of covering given they had no
ideas apparently to to answer at least
nothing there's nothing useful to say to
that question and I think that's fatal
can you imagine and I said this before
but can you imagine somebody animating
an empty suit and then just putting over
at the the audio and then just putting
over at the audio of his jargon talking
they would just be devastating you'd see
a little suit with no hands and no head
and it would just be like this and then
you hear the audio of him talking it
would be pretty bad alright
speaking of coincidences here are two
stories that happened recently there was
a man who broke into a Budweiser brewery
and got arrested in st. Louis it was a
Budweiser brewery the man who was
arrested for breaking into the Budweiser
brewery his actual name is bud Weiser
that's right
somebody named bud Weiser got arrested
for breaking into the Budweiser brewery
in other news I saw an article it
doesn't matter what it's about but it
referenced the CIA
so it was article about the CIA doing
some stuff and it referenced somebody
who is commenting on the CIA's activity
and the person commenting was a
historian his name his last name is
covert CoV ERT that's right a guy named
covert was talking about the CIA now
both of these coincidences were just
today the illiterate or at least I saw
them today they didn't occur today and I
point that out because we're so easily
fooled by coincidence and let me give
you this example what are the odds that
you will win the lottery very very low
right one in I don't know ten million or
100 million or something so the odds
that you would win are infinitesimally
what are the odds that someone will win
the lottery pretty high yeah depending
on what kind of lottery it is you're
either guaranteed or it won't take too
many iterations before you get a winner
so the odds of somebody winning are
close to a hundred percent the odds of
you winning there are close to zero now
let's talk about the coronavirus which
seems to be released coincidentally
nearer weapons weapons biome of bio
weapon facility in China coincidence
well we don't know it's certainly enough
to raise a flag it's certainly enough
for you for you to get suspicious
it's definitely enough to ask more
questions certainly enough not to trust
whatever China's official answer is no
matter what it is unless they say it did
come from the bio weapons lab so your
suspicion is well-founded but keep it in
perspective any complicated situation is
going to have coincidences you know
there's there's probably somebody
working on that whose last name is virus
or something it doesn't matter what it
is so you were guaranteed to have
coincidences in the news but there was a
very low chance it would be this
specific one but don't don't over
interpret a coincidence is my point
there will always be coincidences
they're very common here's a question
that I haven't I haven't seen answered
yet about the corona virus wouldn't it
be a terrible weapon if you had a bio
weapon lab and you were trying to make
some serious weapons you've heard of
anthrax haven't you I mean you've heard
of you know aren't there more dangerous
viruses it just seems to be that unless
this was sort of one that they tested
and discarded or or one that they were
maybe taking some taking some DNA out of
it to make some other kind of virus
there's just something that isn't quite
explained
it could be explained I'm not saying
there's no way to explain it but I'd
like to know why that's why it seems
likely that it's a weapon when it
doesn't look like a weapon it looks like
the worst weapon you would ever build
anyway people told me that there is some
precedent for this and at least one
person pointed me to an article about
some anthrax that got out of some lab I
forget it I don't even remember what
country it was but apparently we we know
that some anthrax once got out of a
bioweapon lab but that was anthrax if
you see anthrax you're kind of thinking
well somebody knew how to make a weapon
that's a that's a weapon but if I see of
some but something that gives you the
flu 99% of the time and that's it I
don't know I'm not thinking weapon but
maybe there's something I don't know
you've probably seen the videos by now
of the super scary trucks spraying some
kind of fog like spray I think it's a
combination of bleach and water maybe
something else that the Chinese are
doing in the Wuhan district that's the
the most hit by the virus and when you
see that you probably have the same
reaction I did and Jack the Sabich
tweeted this and you know he wryly
commented I think is that tweed said
it's just a fire it's just a virus
people but you see them dealing with it
like it's it's the worst plague they're
all wearing the hazmat suits and these
these these trucks that you wonder where
they came from where did they get all
these where would you go to get devices
that you can fill with this combination
of bleach and water and then it will
spray in the right amounts to spray your
streets if you wanted to find one of
those in the United States could you do
it
do we have those the Dewey I mean does
you know if I went down to City Hall and
I said yeah can I borrow your gigantic
truck with a spray can and on it and
they say well what what do you want to
put in it and I'd say no I just want one
that sprays anything they say sure you
know you can just rent this truck down
to Home Depot
alright so I got questions about that
now I think the interpretation is that
the government of China is putting on a
show there's some experts seem to
suggest that it wouldn't make any
difference at least anything that you
could you know measure to spray this the
bleach apparently is really watered down
so I don't think the bleach itself is
dangerous but I don't think it helps in
other words it just doesn't make that
much difference so it looks like it's
just theater for domestic consumption
but how does it feel to you if you're
not in China right now it's really scary
because it just makes it look like
they're it's a sci-fi movie and there's
something that hasn't been explained yet
and it's not good but it could be just
theater that's my guess all right
did you see the creepy creepy creepy
story of the woman who was reunited with
her deceased young daughter I don't know
how old she was she look maybe 9 years
old just guessing who died who died
young and a virtual reality company
worked to build a little virtual reality
replica so the mother could meet and
interact with her deceased daughter and
they did a documentary about it
apparently and oh my god is it creepy
it is so creepy
only because you know a deceased child
is sort of that everybody's worst
nightmare and uh I have real questions
whether this is good for the men
health of the people doing something
like that but I think people were
smarter than I am
we'll figure that out I'm just saying
that's a big red flag of I'm not sure
our psychology is meant to take that
kind of a hit you know I don't know that
our brains are sufficiently wired to see
somebody come back from the dead because
we didn't evolve to ever see that you
know millions of years of evolution we
never saw it it's the most emotionally
damaging thing that you can imagine
death of a child
so what's it do to your head when when
one when that person appears and you can
interact with it like so I've got
questions I don't know if it's bad but I
got questions but my comment on this is
not so much about that specific
application that just gets our attention
but the fact that this virtual reality
technology which I've sampled enough to
really have you know lived inside it for
a while it's gonna change everything you
in your lifetimes people are just going
to be living in that augmented reality
virtual reality there's nothing that's
going to stop that because it's so good
now they have to solve a problem with
the headaches a lot of people get
headaches wearing the the 3d goggles and
it when I say a lot I think most
actually I do and I rarely get headaches
I don't have any motion sickness
problems but virtual reality just kicks
my ass and I've got you know motion
sickness after you know 15 minutes of
that but they'll solve that I'm guessing
and at that point our social
interactions are our education our work
every single part of that is going to
move into the virtual reality world
because it's better you could go to work
without you know combing your hair and
putting on your work clothes because it
might be a virtual office and if all you
need to do is interact with other people
otherwise you're just as good work at
home well people are going to have
virtual reality offices
so they can do all their interacting in
casual contact anyway
that's coming 100% that's coming that's
one of those predictions that you can
say with complete confidence I don't
know how long all right here's a tricky
little topic and you try to navigate
this I only I only had about three hours
of sleep last night so if I seem like a
little slow this morning it's true
there are several types of nationalists
and and in the political realm people
like to conflate things so that they can
they can dam you with words and they can
they can read into you opinions that you
don't have so that they can criticize
them and the word nationalist is one of
those it gets used in a lot of ways now
I would like to suggest that there are
several flavors of nationalists and that
it's useful to know the difference and I
would put it this way you've got your
white nationalists who want the United
States to stay as white as possible now
I've never met that person I believe
they exist because people say they exist
and it's a big world and there's
somebody who believes anything but as
much time as I spent in the last several
years talking to trump supporters
Republicans conservatives I mean a lot
I've never actually met one who in a
private conversation would say yeah you
know what I want I'm a white nationalist
I've never heard that but I believe they
exist so that's one flavor there's
another flavor that gets confused with
the first type that I would call this is
just my own word for it let's call them
IQ nationalists now the IQ nationalists
have a belief that IQ is really
predictive of how a person will do in
their life how how well a business will
be run how well your country will
so if you focused on that and said
listen let's bring in the smartest
people so let's have some kind of a
system where we're we're getting that
we're getting the programmers the the
stem people you know the medical people
the scientists so what kind of you know
not we won't measure their IQs but we'll
make sure we get the people who have
passed some kind of you know test of
college or education or training so
that's that's another group now in that
group they of course are accused of
being racists but they are open to just
talent so there are people who say I
didn't even I don't care where they come
from but if you're bringing in people
from other countries you're gonna get
more Brown people than anything else
because that's what the world looks like
so the IQ nationalists would probably if
they got their way increase the number
of minorities coming into the country
minorities being non-white just because
that's what the world looks like and
they only care if you're smart then
there's another group and again this is
my label I will call them selfish
nationalists who who their main thing is
remind me why I'm giving my money to
some other country or people from
another country there's you're selfish
now I don't mean that in a bad way being
selfish is what makes capitalism work
it's what makes democracies work people
people get to vote and act on their
self-interest and if you built the right
kind of system it all works out and we
have so the selfish nationalists are
completely respectable and they they
would just say it doesn't matter who
you're talking about sorry my cats gonna
make an entrance if you see a tail go by
yeah that was boo so the selfish
nationalists don't care who their money
is going to doesn't matter if it went to
British people or you know went to you
know Chinese immigrants doesn't matter
who it goes to
they just would rather keep their money
so they would rather not give it to
people coming from other countries but
again that
not about race that's just it wouldn't
matter who it was why would I give my
money to anybody why can't I keep it and
then this last category I would put
myself in I would call it a system
nationalist as opposed to a goal systems
are where you've developed a system that
gets you the best result but you don't
you don't know exactly where that ends
up but if it's a good system like
capitalism like like a democratic system
it'll get you to a good place and a
system system nationalists that's what I
will call myself would say that you need
a good immigration border control but
that's just the first question what you
do with it once once you have good
control of your own borders all you've
really done is taking control away from
the people who are coming in illegally
and given the control to the people who
live in the nation the other people who
are already citizens now that's a good
system in my opinion if everybody had a
good system where they get to control
internally how much immigration and what
type that would be good I would love to
see immigration controlled by an
algorithm that's that's based on
economics so let's say you had a board
of economists who come up with a set of
rules and they say now that we've built
good border security so there aren't
that many people who can get through
illegally we can't have control over our
own borders then separately you say to
yourself what kind of people do we need
to to fuel our economy and you can crank
it up when you need more workers and you
can crank it down when you need fewer um
because we're suffering in this country
so if you see it as a system it's more
about what works best and it should work
best in the long run for everybody so I
would say that's what I am I like good
systems you know the president talks
about you being in friendly competition
with other countries being a good system
and I would agree with that sort of the
sort of what makes capitalism work all
right
president Trump has been floated the
idea of having the death penalty for
drug dealers in this country and he
talked again about China having the
death penalty and etc I'm still
skeptical that China is really cracking
down on fentanyl really really skeptical
because as I said too many times we know
the top guy the top dealer we know his
name his picture and therefore of course
China can find them if if if 60 minutes
could find him you know in China and
interview him yeah the Chinese
government can find him that guy as far
as I know is still walking around free
as long as that's happening they're not
taking it too seriously all right David
Brooks writer David Brooks wrote a big
article was it in the Atlantic Vanity
Fair or someplace some high tone
magazine in which he talks about the
nuclear family not being good for
everybody which I agree with I agree
with that I've been saying it for a
while but I like the fact that somebody
else wrote an article about it because I
can deflect blame on somebody else
because I know how much you hate that
idea
now his his explanation and framing if
you will is pretty identical to my own
and the idea is this that the nuclear
family is a great idea for some types of
people mostly people with money because
he noted that the old family structure
was more extended yeah you have cousins
and grandparents you might have the
hired hand working on the farm you might
have so you so you'd have like this
almost a tribe within the family a very
extended lots of kids etc it was mostly
an economic support system and then you
also have lots of family units connected
to other families and sort of network
so families so the family unit when it
worked best was also really connected
and a lot of people were involved so is
the number of people involved they made
it work you could always find somebody
to help you with this or that but the
way it's evolved as the families get
smaller you know it might be two parents
and a kid there are two parents and two
kids so once you get small and isolated
you're not really connected to your
other families necessarily it doesn't
work as well and it doesn't work as well
for people who don't have money because
they can't get nannies and tutors and
and drive the kids everywhere they need
to go etc so and I don't know if you
suggested a better situation but I think
it's worth looking at I think that
anytime you say one size fits all you're
probably wrong when it comes to human
beings I'm completely willing to believe
that the nuclear family is a great
solution for a lot of people and maybe
we would even be better off with more of
it I accept that but there's still going
to be a big chunk of the public maybe a
third you know a big chunk that it's
just never going to be the best solution
for a variety of reasons all right
here's an update on my youtube de
monetization so some of you know I take
these videos and they're uploaded later
to YouTube and they get demon in the
past they had been instantly demonetised
which allows them not to well it causes
them not to recommend it automatically
so it doesn't get the visibility and
then by day two it's no longer today's
news which is what I usually talk about
so I was getting killed that way now I'm
it doesn't it isn't just because I say
things about Trump apparently people on
the left and the right we're having the
same problem but I have made contact
with Google's team that deals with this
and uh now on a they now have me
sort of a test program where I self rate
the content which is diabolical
because the way it works is that instead
of being sort of automatically banned
because you talked about you know some
keywords that get flagged that's the old
way and that guaranteed I would get
flagged every time instead of that
you're on the automatically not flagged
but you have to self-report and they
check on you to make sure you're not
fudging the system so I ended up self
reporting myself and I think I'll
probably self report this one as well -
partially d monetize it because they're
simply honest about that which is even
though I think I would love a world in
which I could say whatever I want as
long as I meant well you know I'm not
trying to hurt anybody
I mean well that I could talk about any
any content they want not getting
monetized but I sort of understand that
advertisers want to associate with
certain types of content and it's a it's
a free world if the advertiser says you
don't associate me with these keywords
what's Google Google gonna do so that's
a it's a work in progress but I wanted
you to know that Google is working with
creators who are having this problem and
right now they're just doing some tests
but you might see more of this all right
have you seen the broom challenge I
don't know if you'd call it a challenge
but there's this viral thing where
apparently and I hate to tell you it's a
prank that there's one day of the year
the prank goes where you could set your
broom just set it up and then let go and
it'll stay up and the prank goes that's
because the gravitational pole was
different on this one special day of the
year it's the only time your broom will
stand up now of course you hear this and
you say it's today
I'd better go test this today because
this isn't gonna work tomorrow so you
can run and you grab your broom and you
stick in the floor you go ah ah it works
because it turns out it works every
other day
it works every day but you've only tried
it once because people told you it's
only gonna work today so all day long
you're trying inside hey they're right
this thing's working it's incredible
so as pranks go they're very good
a Plus prank all right that's about all
I wanted to talk about today we will be
watching New Hampshire and if there's
one thing I can tell you about New
Hampshire and you can take this to the
bank about the primary sir but whoever
wins New Hampshire or doesn't win in
other words the results from New
Hampshire will be terribly important to
the total outcome in the end and it
won't those are the two things you're
going to learn today it totally matters
yeah unless it doesn't the less of
dozens it's the most important thing in
the world except might not be so
everybody all the pundits are gonna have
to give their opinions because that's
that's what they do to sell
advertisement so you're going to see
lots of opinions but people are just
guessing you know we've never had a
situation where you've got a Biden who
you know isn't going to do well in the
first few but he's leading in the polls
well that's weird
well maybe we've had this situation but
that you know it's it's less common and
then have we ever had a situation where
somebody with what 60 billion dollars or
whatever Bloomberg has is waiting out
the first floor
I've never seen that so anybody who says
that the New Hampshire results are you
know somehow determining the winner
except it might it might eliminate a few
people that's possible I wouldn't expect
it to tell you much but it's gonna be
fun to watch just the same that's all I
got to say for today you go have a great
day and I will talk to you tomorrow