um everybody come on in here
did you miss me I hope so
I'm back oh yeah you can't keep me away
do you know how bad I had to feel
yesterday in order to miss the
simultaneous hip I'm far more addicted
to it than you are but I'm back and
today we're going to enjoy the best
simultaneous sip of the entire epic epic
epic EP och it's a word I don't know
what it means exactly but I used it
anyway yes
let me explain so I've been battling a
intestinal problem which for about one
hour every day has been screaming in
pain now if I'm screaming and pain at
4:00 a.m. I'm usually fine by the time
it's time for the simultaneous F but
yesterday the timing was unfortunately
bad and I was screaming in pain at
exactly what I needed to be on periscope
now I'm gonna be completely honest with
you the thing that makes the pain go
away is medical marijuana it works every
time it works a hundred percent and it
takes maybe half an hour to kick in so
I've been staying as stoned as I can
stay 23 hours a day the only time I'm
not is if I go to sleep and it wears off
and I wake up and screaming pain which
is what happened yesterday I woke up a
little too close to the to the periscope
time and I didn't have time to medicate
so if you're wondering Scott why does
your energy seem a little different
lately it's because I've been doing
these periscopes
pretty stoned now I let me say as
clearly as I can
I've never recommended marijuana as a
party drunk but as a medicinal option
there are some things it does that just
nothing else can do because do you know
what the other drug I could be taking to
avoid being in screaming pain 24 hours a
day I think nothing to the best my
knowledge is not even another thing so
I'm just being honest
but I think it's time for the
simultaneous it because we've gone 2
days within it you need to cover a
Margaret glass of tanker towels or sign
in the canteen jug of flask a vessel of
any kind
filling with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine to
the day the thing that makes everything
better the simultaneous sip go anyways
long version short I've got a I've got a
plan for getting rid of whatever the
hell is wrong with me
I think it's c-diff if you're a medical
nerd that's what's going on but we'll
take care of it alright let's talk about
this corona virus because it's all we
want to talk about it's all we want to
talk about and one of the things that
could happen but I'm not seeing it
happen is is sometimes humanity needs a
common enemy you need a common enemy and
this corona virus is a weird one because
it should be a common enemy and it
should be teaching us hey everybody you
better get along a little bit better
because here's a good example of why you
need to get along but it doesn't seem to
be working that way so it looks like
some kind of an exception to the common
enemy driving us together it just
doesn't seem to be now this the corona
viruses could be a test kind of a stress
test or an edge case
for what I call the Adams law of
slow-moving disasters now I've talked
about this before another context and
the idea is that when humans can see a
disaster coming and we all know it's
coming that we've got time to prepare
we're usually fine because we're
extraordinarily good at avoiding
problems when we have enough time for
example we've not run out of food even
though our population grows
we've not run out of fuel even though
our population grows so so we're really
good at it but do we have enough time
with this coronavirus if if all of the
resources and creativity and energy of
human beings went into solving this
which is I think what's happening right
now you're seeing massive resources
being concentrated do we have enough
time now it may depend on how we manage
it how effective we are how good our
leadership is but let me just throw out
some thoughts the biggest thing that's
killing people apparently is lack of
ventilators because if you're older or
compromised especially this current
virus we'll get your lungs cause a
pneumonia like the symptom and
apparently the of the things we can
actually do about it there actually
isn't much you can do about it once
somebody has the virus keep them
comfortable keep hydrated but mostly if
it's a real bad case you need a
ventilator and there's not really
anything else that makes much difference
so here's the question how quickly could
American engineers and manufacturers
crank out ventilators in in a crisis
situation you know we the United States
famously became a manufacturing giant
because of World War two maybe World War
one I don't know my history that well
but the point is that when the country
needs to
all of its resources toward
manufacturing there are many things we
do better where we are like really
really good at manufacturing gigantic
quantities of stuff when needed we do it
when you know when we can make money but
we also do it for emergencies
so here's a question I just asked on
social media and I don't have an answer
yet you've seen CPAP machines the things
that people use for sleep apnea and
snoring how different is that from a
ventilator in both cases there's a
basque like thing that goes over your at
least your nose if not your mouth and
your nose it forces air into your lungs
CPAP I think is less than a BiPAP I
don't know my paps but apparently
there's a slightly different machine in
this closer to a ventilator but here's
my point
there probably are not that many
hospital ventilators compared to how
many we might need but I'll bet there
are tons of CPAP machines and the
question is in an emergency if you had
to would a CPAP machine operate enough
like a ventilator they could keep people
alive it's not your first choice and you
wouldn't want people on them 24 hours a
day but would it work in the short run
so it's a question so the question is
this are they close enough that we could
get a bunch of those going because there
are quite a few of them you know that
are already available in the country
people are using them for sleep apnea
but maybe for short periods of time a
week somebody with sleep apnea would say
you know I'll probably won't die of
sleep apnea in a week you know it'll be
uncomfortable but maybe the guy you know
unless they borrow my machine now I
don't think we're anywhere near the
point where people are going to be
loading their CPAP machine out because
they might need it for themselves
but the point is how hard would it be if
we're already developing things
CPAP machines to start cranking them out
like crazy perhaps with some tweaks to
make them more like by paps or more like
ventilators or to get that done so it's
an unknown but anytime you rule out
human ingenuity in terms of
manufacturing you're leaving on a really
big variable and so it's entirely
possible the two things could be true at
the same time it could be true that the
coronavirus is more lethal bias nature
than maybe anything we've seen in this
class while at the same time if we do a
better job of treating the worst cases
it could also be the lowest death rate
so you can't rule out that we could be
so good at responding compared to the
past
that's the worst virus with the least
amount of impact it's possible one of
the things that President Trump is
getting some heat on and indeed
Rasmussen shows that his approval dipped
pretty quickly because of this
coronavirus stuff one of the things he's
getting blamed for is his reaction to it
the press conference is internal and I
don't know I don't know if people who
are typically supportive of the
president are going to be siding with
him as hard as you normally would you
know if it were just a political event
probably people just take sides and it
doesn't matter what the facts are people
just take sides but in this case I think
you're seeing a lot more Trump
supporters saying you know I'm not
completely happy with the way things are
going but let's talk about that let's
talk about how well the Trump
administration is responding and and how
the media is treating them for that the
first thing I'd say is that if you are
sure that the administration is
responding poorly or if you're sure that
they're responding acted excellently
you're probably an idiot or you're
either an idiot or you're lying right
because the fact is we really can't tell
the difference between a good job and a
bad job unless it's so extreme that you
know anybody anybody could tell but
we're nowhere near anything like that
we're somewhere in that bumbling middle
range where were we're feeling our way
through it we're doing what we can we're
working with limited resources
collecting information we're definitely
in the bumbling phase of the crisis now
human history suggests that we can move
very rapidly from bumbling to oh my god
that was a good job it is what we do
right it's you know you put humans in
that situation day one bumbling day two
we know why we bumbled day three oh my
god you're doing a great job now and
that was faster than we thought so we
shouldn't make too much of how the first
days go because they are likely to look
bumbling how rapidly we adjust is going
to be the entire game so how are we
doing
I don't think so here's here's the
bottom line
on the loser think of looking at the
administration's efforts so far you
cannot compare what we've done we
meaning the administration and the
United States compared to what another
president would have done because we
don't have that test there's no other
president doing the same job but you
know different policies under the same
situation you can't compare so there is
no reasonable way to know if another
president would have done a little bit
better than Trump or a little bit worse
really no way to tell one of the things
that we could probably unless they have
a good feel for but still wouldn't know
for sure is that Trump by his nature is
a little more likely to close a border
then another president and there is some
suggestion that the United States
closing at least its travel from China
it hasn't closed as much travel as it
could still planes coming from Italy for
example but but by acting fairly
aggressively and and early there's some
suggestion that the United States bought
itself two or three weeks because
there's some thinking that the virus is
coming you just can't stop it but we may
have pushed back you know the the big
lump for a few weeks which gives you
time to prepare so ask yourself would a
president who was in favor of more open
borders a president who is more
concerned about how it would look
race wise if the travel was closed would
another president have closed the
borders so quickly or closed traveling I
guess so quickly and I think the answer
is not a chance right I think the answer
is not a chance so you don't know I mean
maybe you throw a Bernie Sanders in
there and he closes it on the first day
maybe but it seems unlikely doesn't it
because the anti-trump errs are all
saying Chuck Schumer said he was being
too hasty and it looked racist etc at
the time so so if we're evaluating what
Trump has done so far the first thing is
did he act decisively and quickly even
though public opinion wasn't with him
yet the answer is yes now was it fast
enough there's nothing that will happen
from any country or any entity that will
be fast enough I here's a rule they
should remember forever if something is
the right thing to do you can't do it
too fast you know the from the moment
that it could have been done is when it
should have been done if you wanted the
best result but we're human things take
a while
right there will never be a situation
where even people who did the right
stuff did as quickly as it could have
been done
not a thing so if you see somebody
criticizing somebody for not doing
something fast enough just know that
that can be said for every situation
could be true but it also could be true
of every situation all right so here's
here's what I think the president got
most wrong and I think people were going
to be criticizing him are gonna have
some traction on this number one I've
long been making the case that there's
no such thing as a good president there
is only a president who is well suited
for the specific challenges of the time
so in other words I believe if you were
to take whoever you thought were your
top 20 presidents if they had been
presidents in different circumstances
may not have been so good so you have to
have the right person for the right
challenges the best example is a wartime
president might have different skill set
than somebody presiding over a golden
age with no no specific war threats this
is all a long way of saying I think
President Trump is the wrong personality
for this specific problem that doesn't
mean he'll do a bad job I'm just saying
it's an extra challenge and here's why
if you have an optimist president that
is the greatest president you could have
what he's trying to goose things that
are already pretty good and I would say
that the Obama economy was was solid by
the time that chunk got it if you're
trying to take something from solid to
really good you want a president Trump I
doubt anybody could ever be better at
that particular skill it's a perfect fit
of personality and circumstance you know
things are good but watch how good
they're gonna be well things are gonna
be amazing it'll be the best it's ever
been it's gonna be the lowest
unemployment that's exactly the
president you want in that situation but
our situation suddenly changed
now this situation is that the best
thing that the country could do is to
panic a little bit and what I mean by
that is you want the citizens to take
this really seriously you want them to
do what needs to be done but you don't
want them to over panic and you don't
want them to sell off all their stocks
before they show it in cetera so you've
got this really fine line here too much
optimism makes you look like you ran a
touch and that's what the president did
the president applied a little too much
optimism because that's who he is
you know it's hard to turn that off if
that's your core personality is
optimistic so given that Trump has two
modes one he's trying to scare you about
something that somebody else's problem
let's say immigration or China or
whatever and he's good at that you know
if he wants you to wants to scare you
he's good at that if he wants you to
feel optimistic because things would go
great he's good at that too what he's
not good at apparently just based on
what we've watched is hitting that fine
middle ground where you say you know on
a scale of one to ten let me tell you
you need to take this as a ten of
importance but at the same time we're
gonna come out we'll come out of this
okay that's a really hard message and I
would say the president Trump's just not
the ideal person before that message
great on optimism great on scaring you
but take it seriously as a heart attack
but we'll be fine
that's just not as we spot and I think
we saw that next thing he did wrong was
even though I think logically the
selection of pence to lead off the thing
it might and I don't know this I'm just
speculating it might be exactly the
right thing functionally because if
pence is a smart enough manager and
there's every reason to believe he's
smart enough
what he's going to do is be the club I
think a czar called him the club within
the government but he's gonna let the
experts do the expert stuff so he's
already apparently there's some person
with a medical background who was
appointed to be sort of a bizarre below
pence and of course he'll have access to
all the resources of the government and
he'll be able to be people up faster
than some other job good
you don't want an unknown leading an
effort that's important because the
unknown might not be able to pull all
the levers and make the phone calls and
get people to you know do things
immediately but the Vice President of
the United States under the direct under
the direct control of the president I
think if the Vice President calls you
under this circumstance you kind of do
whatever he wants right because he's got
the authority in the office and he's
close enough to the president so so it
could be that this is exactly the right
move but it might not be and let me give
you a couple of other possibilities the
problem with pence is that the knock
against him from the other team the
Democrats is that these anti-science and
you know the examples would be climate
change and probably something in the
lgbtq world but is pence going to be
anti-science about a virus well probably
not right do you think there's any
chance that pence is going to overrule
any scientific or tactical person who is
working on this is he gonna say you know
I hear all your science but I read in my
Bible something different so I'm gonna
overrule you no no that's not going to
happen there's not even the slightest
chance that's going to happen so I don't
think there's any realistic risk that
having a Mike Pence gives you any kind
of anti science outcome I think the risk
of that is exactly zero he is gonna
listen to the experts
I just I just feel like there's no
there's no real risk there but it does
look bad I gotta say if you're trying to
make the country feel confident in your
in your response does Mike Pence get you
there let me throw out a second idea
just for comparison this is not a
suggestion it's something for comparison
suppose the President had put the
military in charge of the response you
know whoever a General of some kind
would you feel more comfortable if the
military were in charge of the
coronavirus response or would you feel
that it's scarier so I think you could
go either way there I want to see in
your comments if having the military in
charge would you make you feel better or
worse than having the civilian leader
Mike Pence remember the the advantage of
Mike Pence is not his expertise nor is
he telling you it is the advantage of
Mike Pence is that he's a heartbeat away
from the presidency and you don't want
to send your B team after the
coronavirus right if Mike Pence says
something has to be done under these
conditions with the authority that you
know he's getting from the executive
office I think he's just a giant Club
for getting stuff done and that might be
exactly what we need
yeah so I'm so I'm looking at your
responses and there seems to be a
consensus that a military leadership
would be scary that's my feeling -
here's the counter-argument all right
the counter-argument is it's going to
get there no matter what meaning that if
the if the emergency reaches a large
enough critical level it might be that
nobody but the military would have the
capability of handling whatever falls
out from that now I don't know that
that's necessarily true
but we could easily get there all right
so is Mike Pence the right person
probably the right person functionally
probably not the right person from a
messaging and making the the country
feel comfortable so I think the
administration needs to sell that a
little bit better and that might be in
the in the form of describing what Mike
Pence is doing and not doing and I think
the country needs to see Mike Pence say
hey America I just want to be sure you
understand that I Mike Pence will not be
making medical decisions and I'll be as
transparent as I can so you can know
what I'm doing and not doing but mostly
I'm making sure resources get to the
right place
I'm not going to be your expert and I'm
not going to slow down the experts I'm
going to accelerate them I'm throwing
resources toward the experts so that's
what I'm doing in my job if he explains
it that way I think people are gonna say
oh okay I get it
you know you're not trying to be a
scientist that would be a crazy idea
you're trying to get them money
basically get the money get them get
them attention get them resources all
right so you're seeing a bunch of
criticisms from the usual suspects about
Trump's performance here and they're
going for all these vague things such as
well this president is you know degraded
the credibility of the country just when
credibility will be the thing we need
and trust and you hear those arguments
and you say to yourself yeah I mean I
understand the sentences I get what
you're saying I understand why do you
even make sense but are we seeing the
examples of that well what would be an
example either in the past or even
potentially in which the president's you
know history of statements that the fact
checkers don't like where his history of
dealing with other countries or other
people makes any difference what would
be an easy
all of that because I just don't see one
especially in a crisis people get pretty
serious in the crisis and I don't think
that people are gonna be stumbling over
Trump's history of hyperbole I just
don't see how it becomes a real problem
now will all of this affect the election
is what you're asking me you have an S
but I know you're thinking and the
answer is yes if you ask me a couple
days ago I would have said I don't know
might affect the election it might it
might run its course before then I would
say at this point this is going to be a
variable and this is one of the reasons
that I always am so careful to say when
I say that the president is heading for
a landslide slaughter victory
I'm always careful to say if everything
stayed the same and it won't you know I
always throw in in it won't the one
thing you can be sure of is that there
will be surprises between now and
Election Day well this is a pretty big
one I didn't see this one coming
so here's the here's one of the
surprises Rasmussen is reporting that
the president's approval went from 52 to
47 almost overnight directly after his
response to the coronavirus so I believe
the public has spoken and the public
just said you know I don't think you hit
a homerun here on this but the bad thing
is all of the reporting the information
is just so amazingly horrible amazingly
horrible that it's hard to form a good
opinion here let me ask you this if you
believe that I tweeted this if you
believe that the administration is not
doing enough to be ready for or to
combat the corona virus what
specifically have they not done this
should have been done that was also
possible watch how many people have
really firm opinions
the president has not done and is not
doing the right stuff but then you say
what would be an example of the right
stuff well what it what is it that he
hasn't done that he should do and you're
gonna find people don't really know what
should be done they don't know what he
has done they don't know what he should
do but they're pretty sure they have an
opinion on it
so because it's a big complicated and
confusing situation and because the
pundits will be spinning this in the
most anti-trump way I think it's gonna
leave mark now the way that this could
turn positive for the president is that
he said something pretty outrageous and
this is hurting him too he's kind of
acted like we're gonna be fine or that
there's a good chance that we'll be fine
whereas the experts are saying you know
there's not even a chance we're gonna be
fine the experts are pretty clear
there's sort of nothing you can do this
this virus is coming our way we're just
gonna get it that's all there is to it
now again what is it the president
should have done that he hasn't done art
do we not have enough money for
something I've seen no report have you
seen any report that something stopped
or couldn't be done because we didn't
have funding I'm not aware of any
reporting like that
so money-wise no are you aware of
anybody who's who hasn't done the thing
they were supposed to do maybe I don't
know of anybody now so that's the
unknown the other big unknown is the is
the death rate now I talk all the time
about the two movies on one screen and
we've got another just perfect example
of it whenever you have complicated
situations that allows people to
interpret them as entirely different
movies and but the amazing thing is when
people look at the same fact it's on
video it's right there you can look at
it and they still come away with
different
ideas about that one fact that we can
both look at and replay it's on video
you can see it as much as you want and
still have a different opinion of what
that fact was and that happened again on
CNN so you probably have seen by now the
clip of dr. Gupta asking a question of
the press conference any and dr. Gupta's
question was about the relative danger
and lethality the death rate of the
coronavirus versus the regular flu so
here's what Gupta said and I'm gonna
paraphrase a little bit to tell the
story so Gupta says that the regular flu
is have a mortality rate of 0.1 so 1/10
of 1% whereas and then he goes on to say
that the coronavirus has something like
a 2 to 3 percent
which could be you know 2025 times worse
than a regular flu President Trump says
it's higher than that so that's what
President Trump said he said it's higher
now Gupta goes and talks to I think was
Anderson Cooper Cooper after and he's
talking about the his question and the
answer and this is what Gupta says
happened and remember this is on video
you can go watch it yourself what Gupta
says happened is that the president said
on live TV during that press conference
that the regular flu had a higher death
rate than the corona virus which of
course is not only wrong it's wrong by a
factor of 25 it would be exactly upside
down so Gupta and CNN they're talking
about how dumb the president is that
this most critical fact about the corona
virus that he has upside down and he did
it during a press conference about the
corona virus at the very time you should
be the best informed he was completely
uninformed backwards except that didn't
happen
go watch the video the entire report
about the president getting those two
figures backwards didn't happen but
Gupta goes on camera and he talks about
it like it just happened like you just
watched it so I had to go back and watch
it what the hell am I seeing that's not
even close to whatever Gupta just saw I
mean he was there and I'm watching the
video of the exact exchange and here's
how I interpreted it Gupta said the Reg
the the regular flu has a death rate of
0.1 and then he continues talking and he
says coronavirus two to three percent
the president says it's higher than that
I interpreted it to say that the
president was saying that the regular
flu is worse than what Gupta is saying
now I don't think it is but he's saying
is it's worse than you're saying
Gupta interpreted that as saying that a
regular flu is worse than the corona
virus which Trump didn't say that's just
something they group to interpret it now
I watched it I thought now I'm watching
the same words at the same time that's
not how I interpret it and the reason I
don't interpret it that way is that it
would be crazy now
if Trump said that the regular flu is is
worse than people said he's right or
he's wrong
but it's sort of immaterial it's not
terribly important to the story but the
way CNN interpreted it was that he had
reversed something that's point one was
something that's 2 to 3 25 times
difference and that's a gigantic
difference somebody in the comments
somebody says I saw that and I was
confused here's what CNN should have
done they should have said his answer
was ambiguous we'd better find out what
he meant that would have been honest
because I think they were sort of
expecting the Trump to be so uninformed
that they left to that conclusion
and you know if that's true well I would
be amazed
now it's also reported and this part is
just head shaking but maybe I'm just
uninformed so fill in the blanks for me
here it's reported also in CNN that the
president was not aware that the regular
flu just the normal annual flu in its
different forms also kills tons of
people and CNN is reporting that he
learned that just before the press
conference from some expert who told
them that and I'm thinking to myself
okay but where's the where's the
evidence of that that's a pretty big
claim saying that the president only
just learned before his press conference
on the corona virus that he had just
learned minutes before that that the
regular virus kills lots of people you'd
better show me the quote you'd better
show me more than one named source or
I'm gonna say that didn't happen because
it's a little bit mind Reedy isn't it do
you exactly know what he was thinking
here's what I do think is likely I do
think is likely that before he went on
he was being updated about how bad the
regular flu is and I think most of us
every time we find that even though we
all know that lots of people die from
the regular flu when you hear the actual
numbers it's kinda shocking even if you
know the general idea that the regular
flu kills a lot of people I believe that
he was reminded of those numbers before
he talked and when Gupta said that the
regular flu you know kills 0.1 president
just having having just been briefed
that the regular flu is bad stuff may
have applied as usual hyperbole and said
you know it's even worse than that so in
other words it probably didn't happen
the way CNN reported it so don't trust
anything with the news tells you about
any of this stuff now one of the
questions I had was how do you calculate
the death rate of a virus if you don't
have the denominator in other words you
know if you're doing a ratio of dead
people to people who have the virus but
did not die well you have the numerator
because when people died you were a
little bit better at counting back
because that's a discrete event and you
can usually tell if it was the corona
virus or not
so the numerator dead people we probably
know that but there is a strong
suggestion that there might be a lot of
asymptomatic people people who don't
have any symptoms who might have the you
know their carriers so until you know
that do you know anything now people
send me papers on Twitter that are
brainy papers from PhDs that suggest
their statistical ways that they can
determine this for example in China they
can you know take a group of several
hundred people and they can just test
them and then they can find out how many
of them had it there would not have been
discovered but really yeah a few hundred
people that got tested in China
number one do you believe their data no
you shouldn't you shouldn't believe any
data that comes out of China for that or
really anything else and secondly what
about the people who have mild symptoms
who are hiding if you were Chinese and
you had a sniffle
would you tell anybody I don't think so
I think you would just tell your family
hey just you know just shove the food
under the door for a couple weeks I'm
gonna be hiding in this room over here
don't tell anybody down here I can't
believe for a second that we can get the
denominator right so here's a
possibility and one I think that Trump
unwisely suggested is possible which is
that we might be fine in other words it
might not be worse than the regular flu
when all is said and done for a few
reasons one is we may be
responding to this far more aggressively
than regular flus that could make a
difference just in survival rates but
it's also possible that this is the most
most viral flu we've ever had just see
if you can follow along in this we
haven't ruled out the possibility that
it's the most viral virus we've ever had
just people can get it really easily at
the same time that maybe most of the
people who get it don't have much in the
way of symptoms or even notice it so we
really don't know the denominator we've
got smart people guessing that it's
really high and scary I think we should
act as though it's big and high and
scary that's the smart thing to do you
don't want to err in the wrong direction
but Trump has opened up the possibility
that maybe in the end this won't be
worse in terms of death than the regular
flu still would be terrible all right
what else we got going on here it's a
it's kind of a frustrating crisis
because there's not much you can do
right and you can wash your hands but
really you could put on a mask but
apparently there's a disagreement about
whether that makes any difference or
makes things worse who knows so here's
what Trump said about this quote it's
going to disappear one day it's like a
miracle it will disappear Trump said at
the White House Thursday he also worried
that things could get worse before it
gets better but then he added it could
maybe go away we'll see what happens
nobody really knows now in terms of
technical accuracy well I think he's
accurate it is accurate to say that
there are some unknowns here and we
might be surprised how we've been
surprised lots of times
by things we thought would be worse than
they were right it's it's fairly
confident we thought that the oil spill
in the Gulf would be way worse than it
was we thought that the year 2000 bug
be way worse than it was we thought
climate change as bad as people think it
will be for years people have been
suggesting it would be way worse so the
president you know if you're looking if
you're a certain age and you've seen how
many times things were predicted to be a
crisis and then in the end and you know
in hindsight you looked at and he said
yeah I guess we did pretty good on that
yeah we got out of that early as
somebody saying in the comments I guess
we did pretty good so I don't think the
president is wrong that we could find
out that we're better at handling this
than current evidence would suggest but
I do think he messaged it wrong the
right sweet spot would have been a
little less optimism because it looks
makes it look a little out of it I think
it would have been cleaner and odd
message to say you know the experts say
it's common but we're America we're
gonna get through this and you know we
might get lucky
but you shouldn't plan on it you should
plan you should plan for it to be a big
event and you should prepare for it and
we're going to get through this we are
America and we'll do better than other
countries and we'll help other countries
if we can that's the sort of message I
want to hear like but if I hear that the
president's saying one day you might
wake up and it's a miracle it will
disappear then I think that's not really
the leader messaging I want to hear so
he needs to fix that I think let's say I
understand that we still have travel
coming in from Italy and they have some
cases there I'd love to know what kind
of thinking goes into when you close an
airport yeah I get that we're trying to
protect the economies and stuff but I
know Italy maybe you want to think about
clothes and stuff that the Swiss
government has banned all large-scale
events or
a thousand people how soon before we do
that I think we're gonna see our schools
closed and large events all canceled is
my guess I would be surprised if this
spring we see a full slate of stadium
sports and that sort of thing all right
you know one of the weirdest parts of
this the whole coronavirus story is that
there are four members of the Iran
ruling regime who have confirmed
rotavirus cases and of course the
Ayatollah is up there at age 80 whatever
and that's the dangerous zone so what
are the odds that the Ayatollah has not
been infected by now if if four members
of the regime who have met with him
recently and that with people who have
met with him what are the odds I would
say the odds are pretty good that the
ayatollahs got this already or will get
it what are the odds that he would die
well he's that age he would have the
best health care but he's that age so
there's something like a you know
somebody calculated a nine percent I
think can calculated this a nine percent
chance that there will be a regime
change in Iran just because of the virus
you know you wouldn't bet on that but I
think there's a solid sub ten percent
chance that it could be a regime change
event here's some good news
the GOP Minority Leader McCarthy has
introduced some climate change I guess
you call it a Republican response to
climate change and what's different
about it is that it acknowledges co2 as
a problem and warming is a problem but
it promotes gas natural gas and
nuclear as two of the biggest pillars
and I think that's what we've been
waiting for because the president had
been basically you know unarmed when it
came to talking about climate change but
this McCarthy thing gives him gives him
a path that is completely compatible
with all past statements because whether
you believe that climate change is a big
problem or not a problem you'd still
want to sell as much natural gas as you
could because it's better than the
alternatives and we sell it the United
States makes a lot of it and you'd still
want to build nuclear as quickly as you
can for a whole variety of reasons one
of them is getting enough energy
polluting less preparing for you know
the the war in space where we want to
we're going to have we're going to need
a good nuclear scientific community from
all that so anyway that's some good news
but it's not getting much attention
because as coronavirus has taken all the
attention speaking of which Josh wholly
senator from Missouri has some
legislation that that will allow the
United States to better diversify away
from being have too much of our medical
supplies in one place outside the
country so the big problems that China
makes a lot of her medicines and medical
supplies and this Josh Hawley
legislation proposed legislation who
would make it easier to identify where
our problems are so we could bring more
manufacturing to safer places like the
US and I think that's a great idea yeah
you to say that would so this would be
gigantic news except for the corona
virus but apparently Syrian forces which
probably means Russia in this case
apparently they bombed and killed a few
dozen Turks somewhere in Syria so
turkey is responding by opening their
border and letting refugees flow into
Europe what so we have this weird NATO
situation because on one hand we back
our NATO allied turkey against Syria and
probably Russian military action against
them but wasn't an accident why did they
do it we don't really know what's going
on there because you know 30 people
could have been one one missile one Bob
that wouldn't went wrong so we don't
know exactly what's going on but can we
have a NATO ally who just opened its
border to pour a bunch of refugees into
Europe what kind of a NATO ally is that
that's not much of a NATO ally is it so
we're watching that I guess the biggest
news about that is that we don't care
does the United States care if Syria and
Turkey are killing each other I mean we
wish nobody we're dying right but in
terms of our national interest
I just don't never know if we care now I
would like to ask you this question
for those of you who have been watching
my periscopes when the first news broke
of the corona virus in China some of you
saw me give a rather expletive Laden
periscope which I was calling for
closing the airports and this is a
question because I don't know the answer
was I the first person that you heard
say closed the airports because you know
I like to do an audit of what I have
tried to persuade and how it did and
whether it's compatible with what
actually happened you can't really tell
if you've made a difference but you
could tell if it's compatible with what
happened and but in in the public realm
was I the first person that most of you
saw saying closed the effing airport and
can we say at this point some people are
saying no
so I'd like if other people were saying
it I would be interested that but my
expletive Laden that
periscopes became very viral and as you
know a lot of people watch them who were
part of the government and part of the
media and I'm thinking I don't know if
anybody went as strong as early as I did
and I liked as I'd like to think it was
helpful
so Talib said close it down but did he
persuade as aggressively as I did so I'm
saying other names people said to shut
it down
Steve Benton was first well I'd like to
know who was who was early and
persuasive than that I will I will not
make the claim that I was first because
that doesn't make any sense you know who
knows who's thinking what to wear at
what time but I'd like to think that I
did something useful by getting in as
fast as I could and being as let's say
aggressive as I was about that point
persuasion check your biasing responses
yeah I am we're also seeing way more
decoupling talk than ever before I'm
certainly one of the most active people
talking about decoupling I would not be
the strongest voice for that but
certainly doing my part so it could be
the Bandon was first some people are
saying anyway it doesn't matter who was
first but the people who were there
early and were aggressive about it pat
yourself on the back I think that the
you know I was talking about this before
that our form of government has
transmogrified or evolved from being
something like a republic to something
more like a direct democracy where the
influential people on social media are
pushing the government so instead of
instead of electing people and they go
off and make decisions on your behalf
the public is more directly pushing the
politicians on the
issues that we understand I think this
is an example I would say that the
public and primarily primarily social
media I think that the persuasive people
on social media probably saved the
United States two to three weeks to help
us get prepared again I don't know if
the preparation makes a difference but
it probably does so I would say
congratulations to anybody who was on
social media who was part of really
aggressively pushing the government to
act quickly and decisively in a way that
everybody knew would be politically
unpopular everybody knew it would be
politically unpopular but the President
did it and he did it pretty quickly and
I think he did it because of social
media pressure and I think you got to
Pat yourselves on the back alright
because I mean but anybody who retweeted
you know my curse ladened opinion or
anybody who retweeted you abandon or
anybody else who was saying the same
thing Mike sort of itch jacked Bassam
'ok any of those people you all helped I
mean you were you were directly part of
that solution so pat yourself on the
back who knows how it all turned out but
I feel as if reason one didn't it you
know I feel like the system kind of
proved itself pretty well there all
right I think that's about all I got to
talk about somebody said you were more
aggressive but not necessarily the first
I think that probably is the most
accurate statement I believe I was the
most aggressive of the people who were
early but being early and not aggressive
I don't know if that made a difference
being early and being crazy about it
gets more attention all right
that's all I have to say for now
I will talk to you later later