pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom
hello everybody come on in here it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams and as
you're pouring in here I see you all
Steven Jeremy berry take a seat we got
stuff to talk about what kinds of stuff
and we'll be talking about it but you
don't have to just talk you can do more
than talk you can join in with a
simultaneous em all you need is a cup of
my glasses Stein a chalice tankard a
thermos a flask with canteen a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee you don't have to
drink coffee but if you don't man are
you missing something it's time for the
dopamine hit of the day the best part of
the day the thing that makes everything
else so better the simultaneous sip me
that is some good simultaneous 7 well as
my title suggests I'd like to play a few
rounds of is the president a racist or
do I have TDS now the I in this case is
not me this is the players so anybody
who would like to play the game today
I'll invite you into the guest area to
be a guest you have to be on a mobile
device doesn't work on a laptop and
press the little icon on the bottom that
has a little happy faces and that will
put you in queue and if I select you you
will go live on audio let's talk a few
few other things while people are
thinking about it so when we play the
game you each are gonna get to have one
point so each player only gets to say
one reason why they think the presidents
are racist just one and then I will
respond and I will judge them whether
that's a good reason or they have TDs
all right let's talk about President
Trump's attacks
representative Cummings is it working
there's some indication was at CNN I
think it was reporting that maybe
president the president's aides have
some disagreement about whether these
attacks on Baltimore and Elijah Cummings
are effective here's my judgment
effective they are very effective at
this point when you think of Elijah
Cummings what do you think about two
weeks ago if I said Elijah Cummings
what's the first thing you think of if
you know politics and you know the
players you know probably most of the
country would say who I didn't know
there were I didn't even know there were
representatives but the people were
paying attention the people who know the
major players what would they say if you
said Elijah Cummings was your first
thought you would say the Lion of civil
rights
you'd say one of the most respected
hardest fighting civil rights warriors
in the entire government but today July
30th 2019
I say Elijah Cummings what do you think
of rats you think of Baltimore you think
of Baltimore and you think of complete
breakdown you think of complete
leadership failure you think of
corruption I'm not saying that Elijah
Cummings is corrupt I'm saying that's
what you think of when you think of
Baltimore and now the president has
associated Baltimore and rats and
insects
with Elijah Cummings now is that
effective yeah I think it is it's
effective on a bunch of different levels
number one it's effective because it's
probably going to make something happen
there's a good chance that just the the
attention that's being paid to Baltimore
and then and Baltimore sort of a
surrogate for the inner cities elsewhere
it probably will create some new energy
it might raise the priority it might
free up some money
it might free up some talent that
otherwise been somewhere else so with
this much focus from the most important
focus or in the country the president is
that good probably probably now we don't
know but I have to think that calling on
a problem is generally good if it's a
problem that people could make a
difference on and I think they could
how about politically is it helping him
that everybody is calling the president
a racist because he used the word
infestation well the first few days the
Democrats probably landed a punch they
probably did but then the next few days
you start seeing videos of President
Obama referring to crime infestation
other people saying it and then you say
oh now I get it
that's just a word how many words are
there they're really mean racist things
that we didn't know about if you had
told me a month ago that the word
infestation used in conjunction with an
inner city when you're talking literally
about the vermin the actual vermin the
animals the creatures you know that in
the bugs if you told me that that was
racist a month ago I would have just
laughed I said that's just a word are
you kidding me but the Democrats did a
pretty good job of convincing people you
know all along that was always a bad
word the whole time you didn't know it
maybe I didn't know it nobody knew it
but the whole time that's been one of
those words as secretly he tells you
that you're thinking bad things
but here's the thing it is ridiculous
it's completely ridiculous but here we
are and I think what breaks the
president is a racist thing is when it
stretches too far to the point where
even the people who were believers say
all right well that's a little bit too
far how many Democrats maybe none so
I'll just ask the question how many
Democrats saw this this accusation that
the word infestation when talking about
actual rats was racist because you know
a he only uses these bad words against
places that have brown people how many
Democrats said well I don't know about
that that to me just seems like a word
that people use to describe the actual
thing he's talking about do you think
there were no Democrats just none
anywhere in the country who her then
said infestation that's now racist
that's just a descriptive word that
people commonly use maybe some but how
many people on the right were convinced
let's say Trump supporters or convinced
that he's a racist because of it how
many people were on the fence and said
uh well I was on the fence but now he's
used this word infestation and uh okay
now I guess he must be a racist maybe
none people were either already there or
they weren't pushed there by that word
so I think that one of the things the
President does well is he knows when he
has a free punch or free money on the
table whichever whatever analogy you
want to use he couldn't be more accused
of being a racist that wouldn't be
possible there was no place to go he
can't be any additionally more accused
but he can make you think about rats and
the total corruption in Baltimore
and he can pay to his opponents with it
and he did that so it was sort of a free
punch and he took it the other thing
that's good is that Elijah Cummings
apparently one of the issues he was
trying to go after the personal
information or financial information for
Ivanka and Jared and the president had
sort of drawn a line there and said
that's too far and when Elijah Cummings
as part of his job being head of the
Oversight Committee what is it the
oversight and what is it it's the
Oversight and Reform Committee tried to
get their information and the president
said well watch this hold my beer I'm
gonna turn you into the image of rats in
Baltimore and then he did it here's why
that's good
even if it makes no difference for
Elijah Cummings and even if it makes no
difference to what's happening at the
moment if you're a representative and
you're watching what the president is
doing to Cummings and he is really
ripping him apart the president is he's
he's making he's leaving a mark Elijah
Cummings will never be the same person
he never will be he will always be
painted with us and it's more recent
than his accomplishments which we
consider among the greatest you know
things that American can do which is
fight against discrimination and bigotry
so he's really putting a mark on him the
president is putting a mark on Cummings
so if you're a representative who was
not yet come after the president with
full force do you think it's a good idea
because the president has made it very
clear that if you come after him he's
gonna single you out he's gonna brand
you and it's gonna stick it's not gonna
wash off so maybe if you're a
representative you say to yourself you
know maybe I'll talk about healthcare
today
how about that yeah if you're if you're
someone else you're watching what's
happening to cummings and you're saying
to yourself maybe I don't want to be in
that fight now Cummings one thing we can
say about Cummings right is that he's
tough
he's brave we know that from his history
very tough very brave he certainly can
take it he could take the heat
Cummings probably will be fine even
though his reputation will be damaged
because he's tough but the people
watching this are gonna say maybe I
don't want to get in the cage fight so
you're always playing for the next you
know the next move and the president's
getting some advantage there that's easy
to miss all right does it feel to you
that the anti-trump errs they went from
being I know frightened and political
and all the things that people are to
something that's beginning to feel to me
like a zombie apocalypse does it feel
like that let me let me put it this way
when people disagree with Republicans
they usually think well those
Republicans are too religious or they're
too strictly interpreting the
Constitution or they they think that you
know different opinions on abortion etc
but it feels like just opinions about
stuff when people disagree with the
Republicans it seems like we're they're
disagreeing on topics on philosophy on
priorities totally normal stuff but what
I look at Democrats now it doesn't feel
like that it doesn't feel like they are
people who are disagreeing on topics and
politics and philosophy if feels feels
like they have become mindless zombies
who were just sort of marching through
the fields they are a fast race I asked
what's the topic today well
about the debt raise asked ray sighs how
are things in Baltimore racist racist
brains musty brains what do you think
about health care rights asked right ass
what about energy right fast there's
only one thing that they could do that's
it they don't have a second speed
there's nothing there but zombies and I
think the zombie stuff is literally
Trump derangement syndrome
now I'm not qualified to make a medical
judgment but allow me to make a medical
judgment there is something deeply
mentally troubling about the people who
see racism in literally everything so
speaking of that Alyssa Milano recently
said she said and you know Alyssa Milano
she's a famous anti-trump ER and actress
she said quote I keep getting DMS asking
me if I'm okay she wrote truth is I'm
feeling hopeless hopeless think about
that the United States right now right
now is the best it's ever been and the
world is the best that's ever been by
far if you go back a hundred years
poverty is what ten times greater the
odds of war today in the United States
right now the odds of war very very
small you know maybe we drop some bombs
somewhere but the odds of war
vanishingly small but Alyssa Milano is
feeling hopeless or as I like to say all
right let me continue
she continued mashings corruption lies
racism xenophobia crimes against
humanity and the Republican Party is not
standing up to the tier
terney it's a lot so she's puzzled as to
why the Republicans are not standing up
to mass shootings corruption lies racism
xenophobia crimes against humanity why
are Republicans not standing up against
those things because they don't exist
some of them exist but for the most part
they're imaginary now the shootings of
course are real so I'm not saying
everything you know and corruption
exists and people I and stuff but the
lying of course is not the big problem
she says she throws lying in a list with
crimes against humanity does that feel
right here here are the things that are
wrong with the country mass shootings
crimes against humanity racism
xenophobia and lying lie lying lying is
just everyday politics is that really on
the same list with with that other stuff
and and she says that the Republican
Party is not standing up to the tyranny
who in the Republican Party is in favor
of mass shootings which which elected
member of the federal government is
saying racism yeah that's okay none what
is she imagining what what crimes
against humanity our Republicans in
favor of none they don't see them you
know when when Republicans look at the
kids in cages they say we don't want
kids in cages we don't but we're also
looking at all the alternatives were
considering Lee we're considering the
you know the trade-offs and all that but
the kids in cages nobody wants that
there's nobody who's you know what's it
a little less than somebody else nobody
wasn't alright
so it seems to me that the Democrats are
in sort of a dream illusion zombie state
in which when we look at them they don't
even seem to be operating like regular
functioning human beings I'm not I don't
mean to dehumanize them that's not where
I'm going this I'm saying that the look
from my perspective is that they've lost
their minds
anyway I say lost their minds I don't
mean permanently and I don't mean that
they're dumb you know not more they're
not any dumber than any other collection
of people people can be pretty dumb in
just in general but Democrats problem is
not their Dog Democrats problem is not
that they have some permanent organic
problem but at the moment something has
clicked off there whatever a little bit
of critical thinking they might have had
people don't have a lot of it so it
doesn't take a much to turn it off and
they are actually in some kind of a
dream slash nightmare in which the best
way to describe our daily experience
according to Alyssa Milano is mass
shootings corruption lies racism
xenophobia crimes against humanity
that's the world they're actually
experiencing do you know what world I
experienced today I woke up and it was a
nice sunny day I thought about my 401 K
and I liked it I thought about the odds
of war and I thought very low I thought
about the problems in this country which
are big such as the inner cities and I
thought to myself I know a whole bunch
of people who just this week we
volunteered to help on the inner city
problems I'm watching people step up
right in front of it because the
president called it out and people said
ok that's our new priority Republicans
the leader of the Republicans you know
the leader of the right is just calling
out a thing that needs to get fixed
people on the right look at me say yep
he's right
the president's right that needs to be
fixed and the Republicans were saying
that are they saying because of all the
white people live in Baltimore no no the
Republicans are looking at it the same
as the president saying that is a
serious serious problem needs a little
more priority let's fix it for the black
people the brown people and the people
of all types who live there that's
exactly what Republicans were thinking
I've never met a Republican who didn't
have essentially that point of view of
course if there's a way to help but we
just don't want to pour a bunch of money
into the local government and it doesn't
get you know used the way we want it to
be used we can't do it that way but we
all want to help so I'm seeing the most
positive optimistic can do step up kind
of a world that I've ever experienced
probably the best world of my life and I
wake up into that world every day Alyssa
Milano wakes up into a nightmare but the
nightmare is one of her choosing because
she and I live in identical worlds like
Alyssa Milano
I am a privileged white person in
America with the resources living in
living in you know nice homes and stuff
but she wakes up into a nightmare and I
wake up into an imperfect paradise it's
imperfect and I certainly want to fix
everything that's not working it's and
by the way I put effort into it I don't
just talk about the inner cities I've
actually put work into it as you know it
tried to be helpful for Bill Paul T's
efforts on the blight Authority and
improbably don't we need more more bill
Polti I wake up every morning and I'm
seeing bill pulled a in his Trump I'm
sorry I drop Twitter philanthropy
hashtag Twitter philanthropy helping
people who are in desperate need of help
and that makes me feel hopeful and
positive
that's the world I wake up into every
day now I was just watching a YouTube
video by dr. Gary blahblah maybe
somebody could remember his last name it
was talking about the subjective nature
of happiness Alyssa Milano and I wake up
into an identical world I mean it's as
close as you can get and I except for
gender were sort of the same person
yeah I'm older but we wake up into these
privileged situations and she wakes up
in a nightmare and I wake up and in this
wonderful situation you can see that
subjectively subjectively we're able to
interpret our surroundings with a great
deal of flexibility I can interpret my
world as working out well still lots of
problems and I'm gonna jump in and help
when I can she's waking up into a
nightmare and wonders why the other
people don't see it let me tell you why
the other people don't see it there
they're just not waking up into your
nightmare other people are not in your
nightmare I can't see your nightmare
that she's created a sort of world that
she lives in this and I'm air and we're
not in it so of course we can't see it
so I would argue that the president's
philosophical background very similar to
my own which was the power of positive
thinking you can actually reinterpret
your experience to be more positive
without losing sight that there are
major problems and your attention right
away that doesn't change even if you
think you're having a good day
you still know you got to take care of
business that doesn't change so I wish
the Democrats had some way to get past
the politics so they could experience
what I experience every day and I think
some of you experienced it too I'd love
to see your opinions but my experience
of life is that it's pretty good and
getting better and I wish everybody
could feel that because it's great I
wake up into that every day even if I'm
having a bad day you know I can still
have a bad day personally but I still
wake up into a world that's pretty darn
good pretty darn good and getting better
alright here's what else I like about
the president's attacks on Elijah
Cummings and in Baltimore and I'm gonna
say something that will sound simple and
watch how it just sinks in so you're
gonna feel something in a moment right
I'm gonna say something it'll just sound
like a normal sentence it'll just sit
there and then it's gonna wash over you
you ready for this
when the president attacks Elijah
Cummings in Baltimore he is identifying
the problem and talking about it and
here's here's the sentence that's gonna
change how you think about this you
can't fix what you can't talk about and
the Democrats are trying to make it hard
to talk about a place that has a large
black population with a leader who is a
civil rights hero it's hard to talk
about it the President of the United
States promised us when he was running
for election he told us in direct
language I'm going to ignore political
correctness what's the biggest problem
you're watching right in front of your
eyes the biggest problem that you're
watching right in front of you play out
is that the Democrats can't talk about
the problem they want that problem to be
untalked about able not really word but
let's say it is because they need to
protect the reputation of a hero they
want to make sure that nothing sounds a
racist or bigoted they have restraints
that this president does not have he
told you I don't have that restraint now
we have seen he's not you know the
Democrats won't paint him as crazy a
crazy old guy who will say anything you
know and he can't be trusted because
it'll just blur things out well you
visited the Queen of England
there wasn't any blurting was her no
blurting he did that entire trip you
know with royalty all these rules which
spoon do you use who you know how fast
do you walk when you with the Queen do
you pal all this stuff how did he
navigate all that stuff no problem no
problem do you know why there wasn't
anything he needed to say to the Queen
of England there couldn't be said you
know through the regular structure of
the rules and the way they were getting
along he
need to be politically incorrect there
was no point to be politically incorrect
with the Queen no point but with
Baltimore is there a point to walk into
the hornet's nest and say I'm covered
with Hornets and your frickin city is a
pile of trash it's it's infested it's
full of rats Hornets biting him you're
racist you're racist you can't say that
about Elijah Cummings
you're racist you're racist and he
stands there in the middle of the
hornet's nest
bite bite bite bite bite bite bite bite
bite bite bite and he still says still I
feel it still Baltimore is a mess and
your leaders are failing you did that
need to be said wow it need to be needed
to be said it really really needed to be
said and when they called him a racist
for saying it what did he do double down
he doubled down that's why you elected
him I say you because I didn't vote for
those of you who are new it looks like
we got some new people here but I didn't
vote for a trump because I don't vote it
allows me to be slightly less biased
than I might otherwise be because I
haven't joined a team per se yeah Trump
is doing what he promised to do he's
taking the the stings and he's allowing
people to talk about the thing that
needs to get fixed for the first time
how much were we talking about Baltimore
a year ago not not at all now it might
be that the presidents you know the
final straw the thing that made him go
off on Elijah Cummings had more to do
with politics and the fact that Cummings
was going after his family but I'm
pretty sure that should stop - do I have
any problem that the president went
after you know one of the heroes of
civil rights who was aniline nope
nope I don't care who gets out of line
Cummings is out of line
he's when he's coming after the the
president's family just just fishing for
trouble they don't even have some
specific thing they're just fishing for
trouble is he doing a good job as an
elected representative no not even
clumps he's not doing his job you can be
you can hold two thoughts in your head
at the same time Elijah Cummings can be
a hero of civil rights he can be a great
man in lots of ways I'm yeah I hear good
things about him
mark Meadows likes him that's good
enough for me so he's endorsed by you
know people of all types so that all can
be true but he's not doing his job at
the moment I'm sorry
does that make anybody feel bad he's not
doing his job he is failing his job and
because of who he is his reputation his
position it's hard for anybody to move
against them except one person there's
one person in the world who will walk
into a hornet's nest and say well it
looks like everybody bitten by or stung
by a thousand Hornets if I say this and
then he says it and a thousand Hornets
sting it and then he says you know what
I just got stung by a thousand Hornets
watch this and then he says it again and
they says it again and then we get used
to it and then we can talk about it
because he keeps saying it we're talking
about it we can't stop and actually you
know you're talking about the thing you
couldn't talk about and then only then
can you fix it
if you've ever worked for a business you
know big corporation for example if
there are topics you can't talk about
and there always are there's always
gonna be somebody's pet project there's
always gonna be something going on in a
big corporation that you can't really
talk obviously about because there's
some political or whatever problem does
that thing ever get fixed
never never if you can't talk about it
you can't fix it period that's it
there's no you know unless something
lucky happens I suppose
the president is taking care of that all
right let's talk about the democratic
debate which is tonight I'm gonna take
some calls at a moment people who want
to I'm looking for the zombies not not
the people who are living in the good
world so if there any zombies who won't
argue that the president's racist and
it's right in front of our eyes why
can't we see it I'll be taking those in
a moment but let me talk about the
upcoming debate
so I guess tonight's the first of the
two debates the second phase of the
debates and correct me if I'm wrong is
Harris & Biden they're on the stage
together again that's right right
Harrison Biden or both on in this first
group because I was trying to think what
is likely to happen and I'm gonna give
Carmel Harris some political advice
they're almost 5,000 people watching
this periscope at least one of you must
have a way to get to Kabul Harris gamla
if you want to win the presidency hey
ready if you want to win the presidency
tonight I'm gonna tell you what to say
tonight to win to win or not well you
win the nomination you won't win the
presidency because President Trump is
gonna destroy anybody who runs against
them it's not gonna be close well at
least you could get the nomination that
would feel pretty good I would suppose
so here's how Camilla Harris can take
the nomination she can bring up age
if Kamala Harris brings up age she is
the Democratic nominee because you know
what everybody who is a Democrat is
thinking
what about age do you know what nobody
on the Democrat side is saying
age there's somebody who just came on
here and said that my stepson is dead
because of my ego nice people right who
was it who woke up this morning and said
let's say let's go publicly insult the
guy with the dead son that somebody woke
up and said I think that will be my good
play today
I'll go after him for his dead son
somehow I think I'll blame it on him
yeah appointment on him good people here
so I know I have the right people here
because I was trying to attract the
zombies so I have I have at least one
zombie here well I blocked him so you
won't see that a zombie but I'm I'm
welcoming all the zombies and I'm gonna
open it up for questions in a moment all
right let me just finish this point the
Democrats are the ones who can't talk
about certain things they restrict
themselves as much as they try to
restrict other people nobody wants to be
an ageist
but everybody's thinking it there's
nobody watching this race who is it
thinking yeah but what about age what
about age what about age he's old he's
old he's old he's old that that message
is running in your head continuously but
nobody's saying it out loud
if Kamala Harris gets on stage tonight
and she says you know I see how it would
be hard to distinguish all the people up
here well let me make a suggestion to
the voters pick somebody who's from a
younger generation so we have a chance
don't pick someone who won't have the
trust of all the country because there
is something about age that that makes
us lose a step so you could say when I'm
75 if I tell you I'm running for
president don't vote for me
imagine that imagine that line imagine
calmly hair saying let's be honest folks
age takes a toll if I'm 75 and running
for president I'm gonna ask you right
now don't vote for me
that would be the only headline every
other headline would disappear and
nobody would disagree with her nobody no
Republican no press person no Democrat
oh yeah people would argue because we're
in arguing culture so people would
pretend they disagree with her they
pretend it and matter etc somebody says
swell well said it you did and and what
and what happened it was the biggest
headline right
sois Wells comment was a big headline
but you need somebody in the top four to
say it before it becomes important so
the messenger is as important as the
message right now Warren is the the
young person in the top four and the
young person in the top four if she says
that it's a completely different thing
than if the guy who can't possibly win
says it so yeah so swallow well saying
it would not be nearly as important as
calmly harrassing it so there's my
there's my advice to you family if you'd
like to be the nominee and by the way
I've predicted that she will be all she
has to do is bring up age because people
will who and they will holler and
they'll say maybe it's unfair they will
talk about older presidents they'll talk
about Reagan they'll talk about Trump's
age they'll talk about all kinds of
historical things
but Biden and Sanders will disappear
their poll numbers will disappear the
Democrats need somebody to be honest
with them do you think that the
Democrats are thinking let's let's get
the guy in his mid to late 70s they're
not they're thinking it's the best they
got
but if cobble Harris calls it out for
the stupidity stupidity that it is and
it is if I can be honest electing
somebody is old as Bernie or Biden it's
just not smart if you have other good
choices it's just not smart it's not a
political difference it's not a
philosophical difference there are some
things they're simply just not smart and
if you consider that Kamala Harris and
Joe Biden don't really have much
difference in terms of their policies I
mean there are differences but probably
not you know giant gulfs you know it's
all acceptable within the Democrat
universe I would think the simply
pointing out the age difference would be
the end of the story so look for that I
don't I'm not going to predict she does
it by the way but I do predict that this
message will get to her and maybe maybe
you never know all right I'm gonna take
some callers here's the game and how
it's played the game is called is the
president racist or do I have T TS you
each get to give me one piece of
evidence one only one per caller you I
want you to state it sort of succinctly
I don't want a background I don't want
to hear about your history I don't want
to hear the context the philosophy or
anything like that just say I believe
he's a racist here's one of the reasons
all right that's the game now generally
when I do this I end up with a bunch of
people who are not actually here for
that reason so I might have to cycle
through a few but let's see what tom has
to say
Tom can you hear me as it was available
and I'm actually one of the good guys so
I'm like okay Tom alright thank you Tom
I appreciated that he fessed up so I'm
gonna pick somebody who owe a entire
life time but you have a flag from
another country next to you I wanted an
American that would be good
LT I think I have a good feeling about
LT LT you can hear me hi how are you
good are you here to play is the
pressure on the racist go give us give
us your I'm assuming would it be true to
say that you have a number of reasons
well you think just one one so I won't
name one okay look try one I think
within the 70s he was sue for housing
discrimination correct
so that's your best one that's one so
okay let's deal with that one
do you remember whether President Trump
himself was implicated in that do you
know if he was personally and to be
implicated personally I'm not sure yeah
the answer is now there's actually no
evidence that the president was even
aware of it did you know that no I
didn't yeah his staff was shown to be
discriminating now not that this I'm not
going to make a defense of
discrimination but I want to I'm just
curious if you were aware of this
distinction
apparently the staff was doing it
because they thought you know it was
their job to make the building
profitable so they were managing the
building they wanted to have it all
filled with renters and they would all
be paying the rent and stuff and the
concern was that if they allowed black
people to rent it would discourage other
other white people from wanting to live
there so
the words it wasn't so much that they
thought Trump was a racist or that the
people making the decisions were
personally racist but they were making
an assumption about other white people
being racists and they were saying huh
this might be bad for business
because independent of what we think and
who knows if they were racist or not you
know that's not in evidence but as it
was actually I'm old enough to remember
when that was a common business
assumption was that people would say
well I'm not a racist but I worry that
my other customers might be have you
ever heard that distinction I'm not I'm
not defending racism I'm just saying
have you ever heard it described that
way well I mean if this his company he's
the head so the responsibility as well
yeah yeah absolutely I agree with you
hundred percent so the way you know the
way society is organized somebody has to
be responsible and in the case of a
company it's the boss period but you
could be responsible without actually
being aware of it
would you agree it's possible but yeah
yeah I would say that you could say for
sure he should he should have had a
handle on him but we also observed that
he's run a whole number of businesses
very hands-off I think he's had four
hundred businesses with his name on it
he's always got more going on than most
of us can handle what do you imagine
that he's a very detailed kind of a
manager in all of his businesses or do
you think he sort of sets him up and
then steps back and does something else
I'm not sure about it but it being so
many so you you assume so but yeah well
anyway I have let me run by you a
philosophical rule that I would like to
suggest a society take it's a rule that
we would like to apply to ourselves and
I'd like your opinion on this and and
therefore we should apply it to other
people sort of the golden rule you know
treat other people the way you'd like to
be treated I have a rule that we should
not judge public figures by actions that
are over twenty years old and the reason
is if you think about who
you were 20 years ago would you want to
be judged by that person because almost
certainly you're a different person now
wouldn't you say would you say that's
true of you uh yeah Alice thinks though
yeah when I look at things I did let's
say in my twenties or whatever and I
think my son my god I would never do
that today
should I be judged by that when every
every cell in my body has died and been
replaced my brain is completely
reprogrammed by my experience I would
say I'm a completely different person I
mean you take take crime for example the
the reason that well not the reason but
people in their 20s and 30s are far more
likely to commit crimes people in their
50s and 60s far less likely just because
of age you're you're literally just a
different person then you don't have the
same risk profile and you don't feel the
same about your place in society etc so
would you would you accept we're not
talking about President Trump in
particular but do you think society
would be better off with a rule that
says you know you may have done some bad
things in the 70s when a lot of people
were doing bad things and and honestly
we didn't know any better you know
ignorant is never an excuse right you
don't get off you know the police don't
let you go because you didn't know it
was illegal so not knowing isn't is an
excuse but we were Dumber less effective
more bigoted people three or forty years
ago there's no question about that
but would you agree that people were
more bigger than 30 years ago there's a
lot of bigoted people now I can't really
measure that I mean I guess yes okay you
sound you sound young as I'm 35 35 yeah
so you're young at my age I'm what am i
City to or something I I remember the
70s and and there were things that were
just routine and it seemed normal to us
at the time that would be so grotesquely
like
unacceptable in 2019 it would just make
your head spin
yeah just if you watch old TV shows and
stuff you'll see things I was watching
even even family guy I was watching that
the animated show Family Guy a rerun
there was a rerun that must be ten years
old or something and they were doing
things that even ten years ago you
couldn't do today those shows would
never get on the air because we've we've
changed so much in terms of what we
think is acceptable but at the time
there probably wasn't a big up cry
because the world was sort of a rougher
place people were a little more unkind a
little you know less likely to do
something right
anyway well yeah well the thing about it
seems like he uses I guess you would
call identity politics to like um I
guess like strict with his support life
our light will fall off like we race and
that's the main thing I don't like about
him now I hear a lot of people say that
but do you would you or have you ever
heard this so I'll just ask you if if
he's been exposed to this I I'm mostly
associated with being a pro Trump person
but I don't hear it so what you're
saying what you're describing as his
using race language is invisible to me
do you would you do you think I'm lying
about that now we don't know each other
so you know miss uppity you I mean
there's like like the language he uses
is I don't see it's coded but it's
basically like like tropes and stuff
fine you're like no like go by where you
come from and you know you know just
dislike do different things like that I
mean well it's not like the rate like
say AHA that's it
but is this no it's just like you know I
guess yeah yeah I guess I would say is
coated well so here's here's the thing
that maybe I can add to your knowledge
base so you probably hang around with
fewer Republicans than I do
was that a fair favor guess fair to say
and I would say in all the last several
years since I've been talking about this
topic and about Trump I have never met
even one not even one Republican or
Trump supporter who believed that his
language was racist or any kind of a
code to them or we're telling them
something bigoted or anything like that
that I've never met any Republican who
hears it that way but I would agree that
almost every Democrat does here is that
way well what do you make of that since
since your very point of it is that he's
talking to his base but I can confirm
and maybe somebody in the comments can
confirm there are more Trump supporters
in the comments so they think so so in
the comments tell me Trump supporters
how many people in the comments believe
that the president is sending you coded
tropes and sort of racially divisive
language how many of you who are
supporters of the president hear it
yeah people are people are saying that's
it yeah yesterday I think he was
tweeting about how somebody said he
hates whites and cops oh he was talking
about Elijah coming who is he talking
about Elijah talking Oh al Sharpton yeah
so but you know that el Sharpton and
President Trump had actually been
friends for years right now but you
don't think that when they were hanging
out together do you think al Sharpton
thought you was a racist or that or that
President Trump had a big problem with
Al Sharpton they were just friends
yeah so the funniest thing about that
was Trump calling el Sharpton a con man
and of course everybody calls Trump a
con man and I've got a feeling that one
of the reasons that el Sharpton and
Trump were friends is that they sort of
understood each other's game you know
they're they're both about persuasion
and they're both about you know
hyperbole they're both about effect so I
you know to me to me all the al Sharpton
stuff looks like just game playing yeah
with some buddies literally had been
friends with and probably would be
friends with after his presidency they'd
probably be they'd probably be hanging
around again after this so I don't take
anything else out to stuff too seriously
but we can can I get your thoughts on
this point I think I've introduced a
thought that maybe you don't hear from
Democrats and the the thought is that
the Republicans genuinely like literally
genuinely I promise you this is true
I've never heard anybody say that they
hear it in his voice and if there are
supporters they think he's talking about
treating all Americans the same and then
sometimes that makes people feel unhappy
and get offended but they feel very
quickly what they feel they hear is he's
pro-american period doesn't matter what
you know what you're some category is if
you're American you're American and if
you're not American then it's his job to
give you less and give Americans more so
that's what we hear let me ask you let
me ask you if you believe we hear that
so you don't have to believe he means
that I'm not asking you if it's true but
do you believe me when I tell you that
I've never heard any Republican or Trump
supporters say that they here are the
racist overtones of this language does
that sound even believable believable
because I mean I've heard thank like
people that support Trump in a you know
there there dear I mean someone like you
but like a lot of like a race thing
going on but you know I think this whole
like the whole race thing is really like
a distress and did he use this because
you know basically I think the main
thing that Trump has done since he's
been in office like the tax bill and you
know you know what transferor you know
like all the money to the top of
whatever so I think like all this great
stuff is just a distraction so we know
that you keep on and it will move in a
minute to the top
well I would agree I would agree with
you on this point that the the greatest
distinction in society is rich versus
poor and if you're if you're a
billionaire black guy you have more in
common with the rich than you have with
any other group at that point that would
be my take so I think you're onto
something and that there's a more
productive way to to look at this
situation the in the race stuff does
seem like some kind of a distraction let
me ask you this if if you had to be in a
situation where you were surrounded by
mostly Republicans or mostly Democrats
let's say a work environment let's say
you took a job at a big organization and
you knew it was either going to be
mostly Republicans or mostly Democrats
which of those two groups would more
likely help you succeed in your career
yes that's kind of a strange question it
is a strange question well I guess
Republican is more business I guess I
guess I was translating like the
Democrat is more I guess worker for the
worker I guess so I guess the problem
because I guess therefore they just for
profit
yeah the Republicans generally have will
say a code for life like a set of rules
that they live by so the Republicans are
I don't want to say obsessed but they
give their priority to the Constitution
and usually in the Bible and both the
Constitution in the Bible are
unambiguous about if people are willing
to you know do some work on their own
that we should help out and give
everybody the you know equal chance I
think you would discover here's me the
best here's the best secret advice that
I've never heard anybody give but this
could actually change your life
Republicans are spring-loaded to be
helpful they are by nature and by let's
say socialization if if you're willing
to work hard and play by the rules
Republicans will will give you every
assistance you can ever want because
they love that you can make a Republican
love you by by playing by the rules you
know having a job and just being like a
good citizen and playing by the
Constitution and then you go to a
Republican say hey you know you've
observed me have a good person I play by
the rules I treat everybody fairly
you know can I get a promotion and that
Republicans gonna say I love you I love
you you you just played by the
Constitution that's my rule and you are
compatible with the Bible even if you're
not religious you're compatible with the
attendants of good good life the
Republicans say you're the best person
that's walked in my door all day I give
you that promotion and they're gonna say
the fact that you're black is a plus
because I would like to be part of the
better world and if this is part of it
I'm in watch the comments by the way if
you have any doubt about what I'm saying
being the common way the Republicans
think just look at the comments there
all agree it's the biggest hidden secret
as long as you're willing to play by the
same rules the Republicans are gonna
give you every advantage you ever want
it because they're there that is their
code that's how they live so I think I
lost loss of connection here but let me
take another one called that was was
that not the greatest call how often do
you see a civil conversation like that I
feel like you don't see that a lot that
was pretty civil
let's get somebody else so sorry LT I so
thank you for that call you're great
Republicans love you I love your
reasoned approach to the whole
conversation and I would give you a job
tomorrow all right Raul
let's get Raul to to to to add guests is
Raul coming on might have a technical
problem Raul is processing all right
that Oh Raoul are you there hello Raul
I'm talking to you
looks like we have a bad connection
trouble yeah
you're we got a bad connection but I did
select you I'm gonna have to go move on
to someone else
how about Gaston we will add you Gaston
I hope I'm pronouncing your name
correctly
Gaston can you hear me
I'm good did I say your name right
Gaston perfect like the one from the
Beauty and the Beast
Gaston alright so uh where do you live
Gaston Toronto I'm a legal immigrant in
Toronto Canada great from from what
country Ecuador South America you are
perfect you are exactly who I want to
talk to are you here to play is Trump a
racist or do I have to yes no he's not a
racist I I know I don't I don't see it
I'm I'm on your side actually okay so
it's and well let me ask you this
because you have a unique perspective
both from being Canadian and also
Ecuadorian what is the opinion of the
Ecuadorians in terms of the the
immigrants do they think President Trump
is a racist or do they think he's just
protecting his border do you have a
sense of that I've never I've never
asked that question before
well there's a lot of emotional people
that that by the the media bias but
there's a lot of people that think that
is not that he has to protect his
country and you have to play with the
book and and do everything legally I am
a legal immigrant so I have to support
legal
oops we lost that connection let me see
if I can get somebody else on here
quickly I gotta go to Kurt Kurt does not
have a profile picture and that means he
could be dangerous
Kurt Kurt can you hear me
I'm doing good thanks for thanks for
coming on dude did you come to play is
Trump a racist or do I have to yes oh
absolutely
all right perfect give it can you give
me your one and I'm only asking people
for one your one best example to prove
your point right so I'm coming at this
from a different angle that might be
interesting to you but I actually think
Trump is a racist towards white people
and actually favors black Americans
that's no fair but but if we look at if
we look at prison reform and if we look
at Trump's efforts to free ASAP rocky
and other black Americans overseas we
see the president actively courting the
african-american population and not so
much white Americans these days well
you're gonna you're gonna force me to
play devil's advocate these things that
you mentioned were some things for ya
like ASAP rocky rocky are really just
individuals it doesn't have any impact
on the rest of us at all so you could
argue that these are for show but I I
would argue and I always have that this
show is the game the the show is not
separate from the actual managing of the
country this show is part of it and if
part of the show is the show that
everybody counts that race is not a
deciding factor and Trump will help you
get an of North Korea if you're otto
warmbier and help you get out of Sweden
if your ASAP Rocky III I think these are
really even though it's only about one
person we don't like to leave Americans
behind it's a little bit like the
Marines so III think that as lessons for
who we are and what the government is
and how we operate and stuff these
little anecdotal one-off situations are
very valuable even though it doesn't
affect most of us directly
waitwait Thank You Kurt for that I'm
going to move on to another color but we
don't have any so I'm going to end it
here and I will talk to you later