[Applause]
well it's a very special evening edition
of no coffee with Scott Evans because
it's it's the evening who drinks coffee
at night this guy yeah call you
off-guard did I do you have a beverage
do you a bong or a joint that's fine
whatever beer it's good it's evening you
can we're not all working tonight but I
am I never sleep but you should it's
good for you
join me now for the bonus simultaneous
up it's happening now do you like them
so um let's say you know one of the
things that we do not give enough credit
for and sometimes every now and then I
think we should pause and show our
respect for the healthcare workers
specifically not only are the health
care front line workers handling the
biggest pandemic in a hundred years at
great personal risk but on top of the
pandemic they're also handling an
epidemic of people who are ingesting
disinfectant and man are they doing a
good job because I don't know about you
but I haven't even heard one problem
with that yet have you because I know
there's a lot of it going on because the
press told me it was a pretty big
problem and the fact that you're not
hearing much about it just well I'm led
to believe that our health care workers
are handling not only the coronavirus
Wow but they have they've reduced this
epidemic of disinfectant drinking - you
don't even hear about it anymore it's
like it's like it's not even in the new
I mean you can't get better than that so
slow clap for the frontline health care
workers make you seem like the epidemic
of drinking disinfectant wasn't even
real I mean seems like it but we know it
was so I made the mistake of turning on
CNN tonight and it's really hard to do
this next part where that was stopping
to pause every few seconds and saying
I'm not making this up so if I could
maybe just say once in the beginning
that anything I say for a while until
til I tell you otherwise
I swear to God I didn't make it up it's
actual real so I turn on CNN just for
the laughs
honest to god that's why all right not a
joke man was I not disappointed the
experience was like being on mushrooms
and I've talked about you know the this
one time I'd ever done mushrooms when I
was 21 I guess and the the thing I took
away from that experience the mushrooms
was that you could experience a whole
different world but everything still
worked you know every everything looked
different and new and and wonderful and
bizarre and you know you'd never seen
that anything before you know you'd look
at a chair and it was like you'd see
your senior for the first time maybe
like you'd be amazed by it but at the
same time you knew what it was that's a
chair you sit on it you'd know how to
work it so it was like everything in
your world changed and yet somehow you
still knew how to work it it was the
weirdest experience but turning on CNN
and seeing an alternate universe
it's just absolutely mind-blowing it was
actually for a while I felt like and
this again I remember I told you I'm not
making this up so what follows is not an
exaggeration it felt like an almost
psychedelic
it's because that because I got to feel
a whole different reality and I spent
enough time in it then I started to feel
like what it must be like to be a
full-time inhabitant of that movie let
me give you a taste of what I learned in
ten minutes of CNN this was a Anderson
Cooper show that the coronavirus is
unstoppable but the president stopped it
wrong I mean that's a little hyperbole
but there's some some version of that
that there's nothing we know how to do
in any possible way that could stop this
thing and the president is at fault for
not stopping it and I'm listening to
this I'm saying do you not know that
those don't go together then if it can't
be stopped it's also got to be true that
you couldn't have stopped it wrong
because of the can't be stopped park
have you noticed I think to myself that
every country is doing something
completely different and getting largely
the same result is it has anybody
brought that up then no matter what cut
what any country does we don't know why
some things worked and some don't there
are some that are actually giving a
better result but we can't identify any
one thing or a combination of things
with any kind of real liability that
would tell you why it worked it could be
that none of the things the government
is doing makes any difference it could
it could be entirely social it could be
entirely density it could be entirely
how many foreign travelers there are it
could be entirely where you are on the
timeline of you know getting it already
had it we don't know anything about this
thing but the thing we do know is we
don't have a stop it not even a little
bit so in the other universe of CNN it's
an unstoppable problem that the
president is a big old dope
because he didn't stop it
you know of course I'm putting my own
words to it but that's the sense you get
from watching it he had some woman who
was an expert on pandemics and the SP
yester sort of what the best-case
scenario was so here's an expert on
pandemics and here's their best-case
scenario so remember the context is that
the Trump administration has done bad
things they haven't handled the right
right that's the permanent context the
Trump administration totally incompetent
so it would be reasonable to say well if
everything they've done is wrong what
would it look like to do it all right
and so they have they give their pending
expert a chance to give them the
best-case scenario if you did everything
right give us the rosy picture what what
would it look like to be competent and
she said this that we'd we'd develop a
coronavirus of vaccine by year end and
it would be the really good kind the
kind that doesn't even need to be
refrigerated and we would get 20 million
people signed up to be like a an army
that would scour the world and we
produce tons and tons of this this
vaccine that works and we've got it in
record time and the 20 million people
would go across the world they would
find every villager and every remote
City they give him a vaccine BAM
and then she said but that's kind of
impossible because you know why it's
impossible there's no way that's gonna
happen by the end of the year and if it
did by the end of the year we're gonna
be pretty close to her immunity whether
we like it or not it's not our plan but
by the end of the year by the time we
have scoured the planet with our 20
million people what year is that is that
even 2021 2022 so the best alternative
to all these mess ups that this dumb old
ORMs
stupid monster of a science denying
wargs thing all those mistakes are not
nearly as good as the alternative which
was clearly explained which is magic
magic because there's there's no other
solution oh that's the best case
scenario is literally something that
can't happen do they even know how to
compare things that's not comparing
things when you compare things you're
supposed to compare it to something that
that could happen if you compared to
things that can't happen you're doing it
wrong for example if somebody said hey
Bob you know what are your career
aspirations and Bob said well I'm gonna
go to law school I get good grades go
study hard try to be a lawyer
not bad what's your other alternative
Bob well other alternative is I'll
sprout wings out of my ass and fly to
Mars Bob that's not actually an
alternative because what that has going
working against it is the impossibility
of it because you're not gonna sprout
wings out your ass and fly to Mars
so really you haven't offered me an
alternative you've just told me an
impossible thing so you're doing it
wrong there's a terrible example but you
know you know where I'm coming from oh
I'm not done yet
then Anderson Cooper spreads the the
idea that the president disbanded the
crisis task force wait for this do you
have to hear this Anderson Cooper
speculated because he did say that he
can't know what somebody is thinking and
then he went on to tell us when somebody
is thinking but at least he admitted
that it can't be done before he did it
that's progress
and he said that he's speculating anyway
that the president disbanded the
coronavirus task force because way for
it he was embarrassed for getting called
out
for suggesting that maybe people should
ingest disinfectant to cure the corona
virus which as you know but apparently
the viewers of see you then don't know
never happened he puts it out there like
it happened that didn't happen president
was talking about light as a
disinfectant there is a real product in
testing right now that injects literally
injects the disinfectant the light into
the lungs they don't know if it works
yet but it's based on solid science
they're real real you know serious
companies doing it it's not the shady
people so but on CNN they're still days
after it's been the most widely debunked
story in the face of debunked stories
they're still they're still reporting it
like it's fact and I asked myself
because I really don't know the answer
this do their viewers really think that
happened
I mean imagine living in the world where
you think that the leader of your
country may have tossed out the idea of
drinking bleach and just think about
that think about you wake up in the
morning and you're like ah if you start
screaming because you know you woke up
into a world in which your leader is an
orange monster who's encouraging people
to drink poison and die that's actually
what you think you woke up into an
actual world like that and why would you
think that because of some of the news
it's actually on the news but of course
it didn't happen so alright but there's
more there's also the the magical
thinking that the president should have
done something sooner
alright that's that's gonna be that the
main attacking the president is he
didn't take it seriously sooner but of
course the reason he didn't take him
seriously is that the experts were
advising him and they had not yet turned
up the heat so he was doing everything
that his critics asked of him which is
he was he was very clearly
and quickly and unambiguously following
expert advice it just happened to be
wrong so you'd think they would mention
that you think that would be part of the
story that yeah maybe he was a little
slow on this based on our perfect
hindsight but are all of the reviewers
so dumb that they don't know that we
only know it now we didn't know it then
if it was so obvious then tell Tony
Fauci because he didn't know apparently
you didn't know now of course China is
to blame for giving us bad information
so there are perfectly good reasons for
it but on CNN those perfectly good
reasons which are China lied foul Qi was
fooled foul she gave trump bad advice
based on bad data from China Trump
followed the bad advice that's the story
when over over on the over on CNN he
just started late that was so different
that is not even the same universe yeah
he was just yeah he was dumb he just
started late and their viewers watch
that they go yeah big a little dumb
orange monster told us to drink bleach
and he didn't take a pandemic seriously
my god I I'm so afraid of what's going
to happen I need Joe Biden stat they
they also talked about disbanding the
task force as if that's crazy now here's
where having some experience and
different domains really serves you well
and I'm gonna guess that there may be
some you know experience lacking and the
people who are on the that episode and
here's how this works when the
government disbands the task force that
is not the same as not working on the
problem but you'd think that they would
explain that anybody who's had any
experience in a big organization knows
that it is very common to you know build
build a task force it does its work and
then
you know when they get past the critical
period as we as we have in the sense
because we now have enough supplies we
have enough ventilators we have a
blueprint of a plan
you know everything that can be done by
the federal government
sort of been done which is that they
backstop the states to the point where
the states really want to do their own
thing the citizens of those states will
want the state to make the decision they
don't want the federal government to
make it and and the president said well
who gets who is the best here's the
beautiful part we can't tell the
difference between genius and stupidity
we really can't you know we think we can
but we can't it looks identical because
both a genius and a stupid person will
do something that doesn't make any sense
to you so if you don't understand why
somebody's doing something just keep in
mind there might be two reasons not one
one is that they're smarter than you
right this might this might be an
example of that so the way CNN is
reporting it is that the president's
just sort of trying to put the
responsibility of who dies on the states
so that he can get reelected because
people are going to die no matter what
but if the president says all right it's
up to the states then the
responsibilities of the states and it's
a political move and so the president
has cleverly moving responsibility for
killing people off to other people now
is that what's happening yeah yeah
that's one of the variables but of
course it's SIA then so they can only
handle one variable at a time so is
there anything that a president does
that's not political you know a few
months before the election no come on
everything has a political dimension but
is that the reason that you turn it to
the states around and now I think you
said at the end of the month now the
reason that you turn it over the States
is genius
it's genius
here's why what if I and by the way this
won't be the first time I've said this
so if you remember some of my earlier
periscopes I was making a big deal about
the fact that the federal government is
the wrong instrument for making the
decision because it is a life-and-death
decision and you put your president in
this position and he should not make the
decision and the position is this mr.
president do you want the poor people to
die the sick people or the old people
because whichever way you go is going to
move is move the emphasis there's a lot
of overlap in those groups obviously but
the emphasis of who dies is going to be
largely determined by whether you're
favoring the economy or the you know the
absolute avoidance and health aspects of
the virus so the President did what the
Constitution understands he should do
push responsibility down whenever it's
practical more importantly if it's a
life-and-death decision which these are
that also needs to be pushed down to the
closest level of authority that's the
it's closest to the individual because
if you're going to make life-and-death
decisions about me I would much rather
have somebody who lives in my house make
the decision and if that's not possible
I want one of my closest neighbors to
make the decision if that's not possible
somebody in my town if that's not
possible my County if that's not
possible my state if that's not possible
alright last choice is the federal
government but if it's life and death
and it might kill me or it might kill my
grandmother and somebody's going to
decide do you go or as a grandma
I want that decision pushed down to the
lowest level and I've been saying this
right I you know I know I always get
blamed for defending the president no
matter what he does but but you can fact
check this that I've been saying it for
a while the presidency is the wrong
place let me also tie this to something
I've said consistently for a while - and
the question of
abortion I've said that the only person
who shouldn't be in favor of abortion
under any circumstances no matter what
party they're in is whoever is the
president and the reason is that the
president should be the only person in
the country who will never kill an
American period now you may be you know
the death sentence for federal offense
ISM and the military are sort of
separate things but you want your
president to say if that's a gray area
I'm out if it's a gray area about who
lives and dies in the United States of
the innocent citizens or the arguably
innocent citizens when you're talking
about a fetus different opinions you
don't want the President on that
conversation that's the one that's the
only person in the whole country who
should say I'm out I'm out you know
drive that down to the lowest level
because it's life and death now if you
can get away with the Supreme Court
handling it that's cool but in any case
the president should get out of that
decision and they should get out of the
life-and-death decisions for the
coronavirus and by disbanding the task
force the guidelines are in place I
think the public can very much look at
the guidelines from the federal
government they can look at what their
stated invariants to those guidelines
and then they can look at the other
states they can make up their own mind I
mean I'm not sure we'll ever be able to
you know for sure who did the good job
there are just too many variables
involved but we'll be able to look at it
and if he asked me this is really
exactly the right time to disband the
task force I believe we have we got tons
of information how much of it was
accurate right
the task force gave us probably you know
more inaccurate information than
accurate if if I'm being fair now that's
not necessarily their fault because
there was no accurate information to be
had so they were passing along the best
they could with the best intentions but
the result was that we were now better
informed you know were you better
informed because they told you to mass
don't work and I mean I don't have to go
less right you're not really better
informed and so I think we've been we've
we've all been educated up to the level
that we don't need the task force
anymore so I would agree that's the
right time to get rid of it
I'm totally on with that decision
but here's the funniest part of that
Everson Cooper episode he had on a guy
who was the he had done the former CDC
emergency preparation person okay this
is really important what his job was in
a I think in a prior administration he
had been in charge of emergency
preparation at the CDC and Anderson
Cooper had him on to talk about what is
it the CDC is doing right or wrong at
the moment and do you know what he did
not ask him you're in charge of the CDC
emergency preparation
why didn't you prepare because we have
been all prepared by now because you are
the head of emergency preparation and
maybe there's a good reason there might
be actually a good reason why we're not
prepared and the Anderson Cooper was
interviewing with the guy who was in
charge of preparing now one of the
questions you might ask would be hey guy
who used to be in charge of preparing
I'm just curious why didn't you do some
preparing could you answer that question
that question was not asked because
because the narrative of the show is
that Trump is you know orange man bad so
I guess that didn't come up all right
so much happens since this morning it's
interesting here's a question for you I
was listening to dr. Carlson's show and
he was talking about going through the
whole timeline of all the bad things
that China did to conceal how bad the
corona virus was and then worse
that they not only concealed it but they
well they they concealed it and then
they bought a bunch of P P P P for
themselves meaning that they got a bunch
of mass and they yet started buying
stuff so they'd have enough and then by
the time the rest of the world found out
that it's actually a pandemic and we
would try to buy ventilators and masks
that wouldn't be any because China would
have them all now let me ask you this
this is gonna be a real mind effort all
right you ready for this I know you can
handle it but only because those of you
have been watching my periscopes long
enough you can handle a challenging
thought without retreating to your bias
I I'm trusting you to do this alright
your China your President Xi your
experts come to you and say we got a
problem we let down a coronavirus it
looks like it might destroy much of the
world could be hundreds of millions dead
we don't even know how bad this thing is
but I'll tell you what we're gonna run
out of medical supplies really fast what
do we do now your President Xi you have
two ways to go one is complete
transparency you say immediately you
tell your peers in the scientific
community immediately alert the UN and
the World Health Organization and tell
them that we have created accidentally
but we've created this massive problem
and you all need to get ready what would
happen well what would happen is China
would not have nearly as much access to
medical supplies right but if they don't
tell the world then they can hoard the
supplies let me ask you this which one
did their population want them to do yes
the people in China had been a democracy
and they could vote on that question
which of course wasn't possible but if
they could have voted would they have
said you know it was an accident
and it's
every country for itself we have the
advantage that we found out first
because we created the accident but it
was an accident and it's every country
for themselves and by the way this could
be so bad that if we take care of
ourselves well enough we will be the
leading country in the world when this
is done because this might take out the
United States what would you do if you
were President Xi and moreover what
would you do if you were any resident of
China and your choices were telling the
world and your own population
you know dies on the streets for lack of
medical attention and the right proper
you know protective gear your entire
country is destroyed your economy goes
to hell
there's cannibalism on the streets or
you make it somebody else's problem
because after all what is the motto of
the United States the motto of the
United States is not let's treat
everybody equally and nope the motto of
the United States is make America great
again America first what would we do if
it was the United States
what would President Trump do in the
exact same situation but in the United
States if somebody came to President
Trump and said we messed up this virus
got out this is totally our fault
but if you tell the rest of the world 10
million Americans are going to die if we
put it off and make it their problem
there might be a hundred million people
who die in other countries well we might
be able to save 10 million here and
we're not even positive about that I
mean we're kind of guessing but it feels
like that and they say that to President
Trump what's he do would president Trump
stay true to his often stated philosophy
of America first because if he did he'd
do the same thing China did or what do
you say this is bigger than all of that
this is just bigger than all of that now
I don't think the president Trump would
have even had the option because we
don't stop freedom of speech so if it
happened in our country our scientists
would just talk to the other scientists
that would be it
so wouldn't even be a question of the
president being involved in the decision
the information would just flow out like
it does from the United States so I just
put that out there to say nobody is
harder on China than I am as most of you
know they killed my stepson with their
fentanyl and 2018 at least night I blame
them at least partially of course he's
to blame primarily and I hate them more
than anybody hates them trust me but I
look at this and I say this is a real
one-off I don't know if any other
country would have acted differently I
don't know do you do you know if any
other country would have acted
differently because I don't know now I
don't think that that matters in terms
of how we treat them because they did
make their choice and part of that
choice is that they would have to accept
the blowback in other words they made it
they made a decision with full knowledge
I assume right they had to have full
knowledge that the there was a high
likelihood this would all come out and
they would have you know possibly
devastating long-term effects but maybe
it was just a better bet maybe it was if
their economy opens up sooner than ours
and does better faster than ours it was
a good bet
so Adam those are the things I'm
thinking so did you see other story
about the the British scientist expert
who recommended quarantine for everybody
and lockdown for everybody and then
found out that his married mistress was
coming to his house during the during
the lockdown and then going back to her
family like oh my god I don't have
anything to add to that story but if you
haven't seen it just go read the story
for entertainment
purposes because it's just it's just
jaw-droppingly awful alright here's the
funniest thing that happened which is
that President Trump finally decided to
give a nickname to Kellyanne Conway's
husband
now before we laugh about this let me
explain something about humor for the
few people who don't know
now I've often said that one-third of
the public actually doesn't have a sense
of humor but even the people who do have
a sense of where there are you know
varying degrees and there's there's a
nuance that I don't know if everybody
appreciates then it goes like this if if
an ordinary person had made a deep
insult about Kellyanne Conway's husband
what's his name George George Conway and
and made that comment about his
physicality you know any part of you
know what he looks like whatever that
wouldn't be funny
even if the actual insult was kind of
clever I don't think I would be amused
by that because this is random person
saying an ugly thing about somebody who
you know maybe isn't the best-looking
that's not fair
like I I'm not cool with that at all but
when the most powerful person in the
planet calls George Conway who is of
course the president's biggest critic
probably when the President of the
United States the most powerful person
in the world calls George Conway
moon-faced well that's just funny I'm
sorry that's just funny
that's just plain funny now I get that
not everybody thinks that's funny but
the part of it you have to understand is
that it's the president's position that
makes it funny because that's the thing
that makes it Addison out of sync right
if an ordinary troll says an ordinary
insult to even a famous person you don't
even register it it just doesn't mean
anything there's because it's it's
completely within the expected universe
so remember I was teaching you the
I think I was teaching you about humor
and how if you can create a situation
that makes sense but it doesn't make
sense then people's laugh reflex will be
triggered so you want to create
situations that have a humor logic to
them but there don't actually make sense
and then the brain will try to make them
make sense but it can't because it
doesn't make sense and then you'll laugh
and sort of like being tickled it's like
the reflex well if an ordinary person
insults another person there's nothing
under here about that and your brain
just processes that Oh
troll insults victim BAM no laughs but
if the most juvenile and yet super
clever which also doesn't make sense
that it could be juvenile and super
clever because it's both so that's the
first thing that shouldn't fit together
it's like wait a minute
that's juvenile but it's also like
ridiculously genius but it's also
juvenile but to do what I'll can't be a
genius and so that's the first thing
that hits your your humor reflexes you
can't reconcile that it really is kind
of genius it's just juvenile at the same
time and that you can't reconcile why
why any of those two things would ever
come out of a sitting presidents you
know thumbs and and then you just go I
can't even understand this and then you
just start laughing because it's all
things that don't belong in the same
place now the president you know I've
often said that he's he's unable to be
uninteresting I don't know if he even
knows how to be uninteresting his just
normal normal mode is always interesting
and part of the way he does that is that
he makes things he puts things together
that your brain doesn't want to put
together like you can't quite make sense
of it but you sorted know what he's
talking about and he doesn't so often
the you you lose sight of it as a
technique they use continually putting
not quite logical things together and
your brain is trying to keep up and it's
trying to
meant them together as he's going and
while you're struggling with the last
one he's already on to the next one it's
like oh but how will Mexico pay for the
wall I don't even know how that works
and then he's on to the next topic and
so if you know it's part of the show you
can really just enjoy it the way many of
you do the way I do I mean and it's just
from an entertainment perspective is
just amazing right but if you think he's
evil and he's up to up the bad news you
just think he's a double guy rambling so
you missed you missed the show did you
notice that the idea of closing the
streets in front of restaurants actually
is catching on so you've probably heard
me mention it you probably heard a Greg
Gutfeld mention it on the five I think
you mentioned it like three different
times on the five probably other people
have had the idea as well and the idea
is that since you need space and it's
always healthier to be outdoors with
this virus situation that where you have
a density of restaurants you know if you
have several of the moments or a Main
Street as long as you have you know
surrounding streets so you can go around
just close the street now in my town we
have that exact situation we've got a
tiny little downtown it's mostly
restaurants or a lot of restaurants not
mostly a lot of restaurants and they
fairly frequently close the street for
like street fairs and events and stuff
so it's sort of built for that it's just
perfect so I sent that idea I guess
there's a restaurant in Tampa doing it
there's some other people playing with
it and it's just the obvious solution so
I sent that idea to you know one of the
best restaurant guys in my town to see
if he can make that happen um let's see
what else we got going on here oh
speaking of Greg so the president tweets
this just like out of the blue you know
you know I told you the other day that
the president tweeted to me like three
times in a row the other day and you
wake up to
the president tweeting you it just
doesn't even feel like a reality anymore
you feel like you're in some kind of
weird other world again it's like doing
mushrooms again and so imagine the you
know you're Greg and you just you know
you just you just you know wakes up like
it's any other day you know goes to work
does the thing and then somebody says do
you see what the president tweeted what
you didn't say what did you see what the
president tweeted about you what now I
don't know if it went down like that but
maybe then anyway this is what the
president tweets he goes wow
congratulations to Greg Gutfeld a
one-time Trump hater who has come all
the way home which is hilarious his
ratings easily beat no talent Stephen
Colbert nice guy Jimmy Fallon which is
just a wonderfully dismissive insult
nice guy Jimmy Fallon and wacko last
place or Jimmy Kimmel Gregg built his
show from scratch and did a great job
and in doing so and I love that last
line oh that last line is just that yeah
the dagger you can feel the dagger going
in just because you know that Gregg to
beat all of these people and he's a you
know he says good things about Trump now
and then so you know Trump's just
putting the dagger in and the dagger is
like it's an inch in and then he gets to
this last line and you know and you
could feel like oh that hurts quite a
bit that bagger is about an inch in LA
and then the president says Gregg built
his show from scratch just stop and
think about that you know all these
other three guys who didn't get as good
at ratings as Greg Gutfeld get some on
the Garfield show Greg Gutfeld show
every one of them just inherited it a
show that had such a long time audience
that they couldn't have ruined it if
they tried think about the difference
between just inheriting somebody's chair
which is largely what the other three
did and convincing
wait for this convincing a conservative
news network to run a humor irreverent
show at night well how do you even do
that even obviously you know read I gave
him some some traction on that but so
the guy's on you know to top-rated shows
for their time time rates you know the
the five and Greg Gutfeld show but I
just love the way the president through
these other guys onto the bus and then
backed over them and then ran over them
and backed over him again but when you
throw in that last part was like he
built it from scratch
from nothing nothing that's a whole
different level
all right have been Shapiro
tweeted the probably the best
description of what's going on right now
so you should take a look at that tweets
rant I tweeted it I tweeted it so you
can find in my toward the top of my
Twitter feed and he makes the following
point which I agree with I have one
small disagreement which I'll mention
and that is that what Ben Shapiro points
out is that we don't have a plan that we
sorted didn't notice it meaning that our
original plan made sense we were going
to try to spare the hospital's from
overcapacity by bending the curve and we
were going to do that with social
distancing mission accomplished I'd say
wouldn't you
so that plan seems to have been
successful but now we're at the phase
where that plan is doing his thing and
has been s and and then what like what's
what's the next thing no I obviously
they're gonna try to open up businesses
slowly and cautiously you know that but
are we why aren't we just opening them
all are we are we holding out for a
therapy
eunuch are we holding out for a vaccine
that's never going to happen are we what
exactly is the long-range plan because
if the plan is that we have to basically
just live with it which means getting it
if there's herd immunity would that be
great if there's not herd immunity well
that's what it is but we don't really
have an option anymore you know I've
said people are already criticizing the
president for not starting soon enough
and you know and maybe being too fast to
end it so he gets he gets blamed for
both sides but I'm not so sure anybody
knew you know what was the right thing
to do
all right so here's the point we we have
to recognize that there is no plan to
get rid of it right there's there's
nobody even suggesting that something
could happen for it to go away
certainly not before hundreds of
thousands of Americans die from it but
we did there's some reason we're not
saying that why can't we just say that
and Ben was making this point as well
that we should be able to expressly say
this is what we're gonna do we're just
gonna live with it because we don't
really think there's anything that's
going to change within the planning
horizon and if we don't get back to work
it could be too late so so I think his
point of view is good now the one thing
he said that I will slightly quibble
with is that he said if you don't have a
timeline you know an estimated time of
when you're gonna do what then you don't
have a plan I would disagree with that
because I think in the context of a ever
changing situation where your data is
different every day there having a plan
almost doesn't make sense we're really
more in a situation where we're
responding rapidly which I would call a
plan so we certainly have a plan of
rapidly responding to what we learn as
we
if we developed a therapeutic that works
we would rapidly implement it if we
learned that genetics make a difference
we would rapidly and progressed it so I
mean that is the plan but it doesn't
require a timeline because nobody knows
when this vaccine might or might not
happen when some therapeutic will work
or not so I wouldn't worry about the
timeline part of it but it is true that
there's something like a lack of a plan
now part of it is people don't want to
say that they want to kill old people
unhealthy people minorities and poor
people and who does right who wants to
say in public you know if it's up to me
I'll save this group and kill this group
well I'll go first
how about I go first so here's your
choice Scott you've got to have a policy
that would favor or not favor any of
these groups the elderly the people with
comorbidities and the poor now there's
an overlap of course but if you do
something that helps people financially
you know helps the poor you're probably
going to kill a lot of old people the
people with comorbidities you know they
probably have bad luck no matter what
you do and so Scott who do you want to
kill old people or poor people many of
whom especially are African Americans
who have a special risk apparently fit
with the coronavirus so you're gonna
kill old people or African Americans go
ahead Scott santé say it in public who
are you gonna kill are you willing to
say that in public and you would kill
old people or you would kill African
Americans and poor people go ahead say
it
okay old people that's my choice I
choose old people if you can say that to
or even if you can say the opposite but
if you can say it out loud you get to
sit at the adult table
you could be right you could be wrong I
would only ask you to have good
intentions you could be selfish
that's totally allowed you can say you
know this is good for me yeah I don't
care about other people this is the way
I want to go it's just good for me if
you can do that and say it out loud
you two get to sit at the adult table
because you can be selfish as an adult
you're allowed our system allows you to
vote for who you think is going to help
you that's that's built into the system
perfectly fine but if you can't say it
you got to stay at the kids table and
then you just pretend like there's
magical solutions and magical vaccines
and everything you know and you don't
have to make trade-offs
you know that's the kids table go sit
there so so I said it out loud I would
save the poor and the african-american
community first to the extent that your
policies you know can can have an
emphasis I'm not even sure if that's
possible but if it can that's the way
I'd go so in other words I would go back
to work a little bit faster than maybe
some others not so fast there's crazy
and really I said before I said this
morning that if it turns out that you
have to wait another three weeks in
California that's what it looks like
another three weeks three weeks probably
isn't the difference between living and
dying it's probably not the difference
between your company failing everybody's
saying so but keep in mind they're all
economically ignorant let me tell you
why things are not as bad as maybe you
think in terms of the companies that are
going out of business you're going to
hear all these stories from the from the
financially ignorant portion of the
press which is almost everybody saying
that you know all these restaurants are
going out of business and closing etc
what they won't tell you is what is the
landlord going to do what are the what
are the you know what what do they do
with a building that used to be rented
and now it's it's still a restaurant but
they own it what are they going to do
well the smartest smartest thing the
landlord could do is make a deal with
the owner of their restaurant owner and
say look you didn't pay me for three
weeks
you're totally underwater but so is
everybody so is everybody can you come
back and you know the best thing for me
is I my best thing for me is you come
back because that's the best thing for
the landlord and that will always be
left out by the financially illiterate
that all these companies that are
declaring bankruptcy and closing and
saying they'll never open up again
that's not exactly true
quite a few of those that think they're
closed for good
are going to come back to a world in
which people are way more flexible than
they imagined they're going to have
banks that say you know you're bankrupt
I'll still give you a loan imagine that
imagine a world where you're going to be
able to walk into a bank and say I'm
bankrupt last week will you give me a
business loan and the bank will look at
you and say were you in business three
months ago in a successful restaurant
yes I was and then your restaurants
actually are hard to finance so that may
be a restaurants the worst example
because it's gonna be hard for them to
get a loan but it's always hard for
restaurants to get the funding but for
an ordinary business the the bank is
gonna say I'm not sure I care that
you're bankrupt I care that you know
it's a real business and you can pay the
bills but everybody who came in this
week is bankrupt it's like it's
universal now so I think that you could
hear a lot of fake bad news that people
will imagine as if somebody went out of
business in a world where everybody else
didn't but in a world where massive
numbers of people went out of business
the options are very constrained and the
most obvious best option for almost
everybody is to get really flexible and
put those people who are out of business
back in business as quickly as possible
so I think they could be at a business
and then back in business faster than
you think just because it's the easiest
way to go for everybody all right those
are the things I won't talk
somebody says another three weeks is
ridiculous
well it might be ridiculous and
scientifically but I don't think you'd
be ridiculous in terms of death I you
know I don't think anybody will die from
poverty in three weeks
and I don't think it'll be a measurable
difference all right Texas woman put in
jail for cutting here oh that's the
other thing I wanted to say when this is
all over when when all the restrictions
are off and everybody can move freely I
want us all to share our stories of
massive cheating during the lockdown I
know you got your stories I know you do
I see you you're smiling you're smiling
because I know that you snuck somewhere
you saw somebody you know you did you
let some people come over to your house
you know you did I see you're smiling
you yep you yep busted so when this is
all over and you don't feel the red-hot
searing pain of other people's judgment
upon you I want to hear your funny
stories of the things you've gotten away
with because i somebody says slept with
neighbor which i'm sure it's true
because i think they're gonna be a lot
of stories about people who maybe let's
just say did not obey their government
if they didn't feel that their
governments rules were let's say
perfectly crafted people who may have
massively cheated on this social
isolation thing just because they
thought their government didn't have the
moral authority the technical expertise
or the management risk management
ability to decide for them and so they
decided for themselves and just figured
out how to beat the system I'm not
recommending it I'm just saying it'll be
very funny when we we share the stories
not that I have one
I've been totally good I know you
haven't well I'm not gonna read that
comment
alright asks for enough to now have a
great night of sleep and I'm a great
night tomorrow is going to be way better
than today I promise you just wait and
see