what a show it's going to be amazing
today better than usual and that's a
pretty high
[Music]
bar good morning everybody and welcome
to coffee with Scott Adams the highlight
of human
civilization if you'd like your
experience to go up unlike the stock
market to go up to levels that you can't
even believe all you need for that is a
cuper marar glass a tanker chel or Stein
a canteen juger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope of me of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens right now
go ah life is complete sort of
well you're probably saying to yourself
is the world going to disappear are we
all dead no you'll be fine you'll be
fine we'll get to all the economics and
the politics and all that but the most
important story of the
day if you haven't heard it I'm going to
call it RFK Jr and the Dead
bear if you haven't seen this on social
media yet go search for RFK Jr and the
bear I don't want to ruin the whole
story
but I I'll give you the beginning part
and then I'll tell you that it just gets
better so the beginning part is that I
guess some automobile hit a bear and
killed it and RFK Jr was somehow in the
neighborhood and and thought hey I don't
want to waste a completely good Dead
bear I could have it skinned and I could
use that bare skin for something and by
the way I you know the law of the land
allowed him to uh make bear stakes and
so he could actually eat it so he
thought I'm not going to waste this Dead
bear so he put it in his car that's
right he put a dead bear in his car but
then he had things to
do and he had meeting and then he had to
go to the airport and his plan to take
care of the bear in the appropriate way
was thwarted by his own schedule and so
being the creative man that he is he
came up with another plan of what to do
with a dead bear now I'm not going to
ruin it for you the only thing I'm going
to tell you is that if you start
listening to the story do not bail out
before the
[Laughter]
end you're gonna want to because the
story goes out a little ways but trust
me you got to follow it to the end it's
one of the best stories in any domain
I've ever heard about anything it's just
it's just so weirdly beautiful that you
know it's it's sort of a perfect Slice
of Life so definitely make sure you you
listen to the RFK Jr and the Dead bear
story anyway there's yet another
technology for extracting water clean
water out of the air even in dry
climates it's a self-
sustainable um runs on solar power and
you just put it outd doors and it makes
water forever with no maintenance
whatsoever no maintenance
it just sits there making water out of
the air now that's pretty cool that's
pretty cool we might all need that
someday all right you all want to talk
about the stock market and what's
happening and uh Japan's having some
issues and blah blah blah here's the
bottom line how many of you didn't know
there was going to be a
correction didn't every single one of
you who invest say to yourself oh it's
one of those times that the Market's
getting a little ahead of
itself I I thought everybody knew it and
that a 10 to 20% correction was pretty
much
guaranteed isn't it the way it always
goes so here's my take on it it looks
totally normal to me but of course with
these stories there's always stories of
the Cause right there's always there's
always something oh this caused it and
it did in the sense that it caused the
current thing thinking that will last a
little
while so one of the things is this uh
apparently because Japan had something
like zero interest rates
forever uh a lot of people in Japan were
borrowing because interest rates were
basically zero and then they would use
it to speculate in other currencies Etc
and uh it's the sort of thing that can
catch up to you and so the stock market
in Japan took a dump but not like into
the world dump just a good
serious correction I think it was 12%
down uh the last time I checked but it's
bouncing around if the only thing that
happened
is Japan had a 10 to 20% correction and
the rest of the world did too most of
that would come back and it would turn
into maybe down five or 10% for the year
it it be kind of normal so one of the
beauties of being my a age is that
having been to this cycle a bunch of
times it all looks the same so I don't
think there's necessarily anything big
that changed except I don't know what to
do about the debt but uh the current
problems are probably somewhat because
Japan had a special
situation um and then of course we're
going to look for all the other reasons
such as a potential war with Iran we'll
talk about that but if Iran decides to
go big in their revenge against Israel
for killing that Hamas guy on their
territory if they decide to go big and
activate uh Hezbollah and Hamas and
Syria and all their little proxies and
and things get on
hand um it could lead to a close in The
Straits of Hormuz and then
suddenly uh everybody who depends on
that oil is in trouble and one of those
countries would be Japan so Japan's Got
sort of a double whammy something about
the Yen but also something about the
supply of oil two things that matter
matter a lot to a country that doesn't
produce enough oil on its
own and then on top of that we arear the
stories about Warren Buffett sold more
than half of all of his Apple
stock and people are saying what does he
know that we don't know he's he's
cashing out to which I say well that's
probably true that he's getting more
into cash because he's expecting
there'll be a correction and but I think
a bigger reason would
be that Apple went up so much since he
bought
it that by selling more than half of it
he just gets back to the amount he
bought in the first place so I think all
he's doing is rebalancing his
portfolio if you had one stock out of
many that was your star performer and
for many years it just was crazy at some
point you can't have that be you know
50% of your whole portfolio you have to
trim it now that's why I did it I think
I told you I sold my Apple stock uh
earlier several months ago and the
reason I did it several months ago is
partly because of AI because I thought
Apple didn't have an AI strategy that
was visible you know they might it could
turn out they have the best AI strategy
of all time which would be consistent
with their history but you it opened up
a uncertainty here's a little uh here's
a little investment wisdom from Warren
Buffett uh it's one I used to sell Apple
stock so it's not surprising that he did
it too so the reason I sold was because
of Warren Buffett's advice not recently
but advice that I saw from him maybe 25
years ago and the advice was if you buy
a stock and you've got a reason for why
you bought it don't sell it unless the
reason
changes which sounds dumb doesn't
it you think well I don't know that's
not saying much but here's the example
um I bought Apple stock because nothing
could stop it they had basically a
monopoly position for half of the phones
if you got into that Apple that Apple
environment it was hard to ever leave so
it was almost like a they were just
sucking money out of my pocket and I
thought well if they can just suck money
out of my pocket and there's almost
nothing I can do about it because I'm so
hooked on their products maybe other
people have the same problem so I owned
the stock when it seemed like a monopoly
when there wasn't much that could go
wrong but the introduction of AI changes
everything it might make them twice as
much money it might but you can't
predict it anymore so the reason I
bought it was that it was so predictable
and it was so safe
and then it grew until it was too much
of my portfolio it was like just too
much of a risk for one company and so I
did what Warren Buffett did exactly what
he did I reduced my risk in that one
company because the reason I bought it
was now
different and the reason that Warren
Buffett bought Apple was also different
and so he ended up trimming it so two
reasons to trim one is it grew so much
it's too much of his portfolio that
would be all the reason he needed he
doesn't need any other reason and the
other would be the reason he bought it
changed so he would reduce reduce his
Holdings so I don't think that's
necessarily signaling some big problem
because Warren Buffett often says that
the safest place is the American Stock
Market yeah where else are you going to
put your
money I mean the problem is not that the
stock market is good or bad the problem
is where else are you going to put
money so Warren just says well just
leave it there and it'll correct and
you'll be glad you left it there so most
of his money is still in the stock
market that's the more important
statement
um so Rasmus in had a poll 45% of us
likely voters think the Biden economic
policies have been generally successful
so it's less than half uh but 53% think
is economic policies including Harris I
guess would be
unsuccessful uh including 40% who say
Biden has been very
unsuccessful so that's not too far from
just the size of the parties but it
looks like The Independents are are
definitely leaning toward Trump on the
economy it looks like all the Democrats
are for Biden and all the Republicans
are for Trump but the
independence seem strongly leaning
toward Trump on
economy speaking of trump in the economy
here's something that Trump said
recently that I only just read today
according to
Forbes um Trump was talking to Fox
Business not too long ago he said and a
quote crypto is a very interesting
thing uh quote maybe we'll pay off our
$35 trillion hand them a little crypto
check right we'll hand them a little
Bitcoin and wipe out our 35
trillion is that a
thing how in the world do you just pay
off the national debt with Bitcoin now
you might remember that I was asking
this question publicly uh not
necessarily about Bitcoin but about
crypto can you just invent a crypto that
is like creating free money and then it
pays off the debt but then people said
no Scott if you just create money it
wouldn't matter what form you create it
if you can exchange you for the regular
dollar you've created
inflation and then I saw another opinion
which was much
smarter which said uh yes you can pay
off the the dollar debt with
crypto uh you know you just buy a bunch
of crypto in the in the US government's
name you wait for it to go up in value
like Bitcoin just naturally goes up in
value and then
you basically use it to pay off the debt
and I said well wouldn't that cause
inflation so that the dollar part would
be inflated into infinity and the expert
said yes the dollars would just become
useless but it's going to happen anyway
in other words inflation will make your
regular dollars useless so it doesn't
matter that if you sped it up a little
bit with crypto and just made all your
debt go away because the the debt would
go away from inflation anyway now that
seems a little extreme but let me read
uh I just saw before I went live here uh
John Thompson on on the xplatform who
may be listening right now um did a
little analysis about what that would
look like if you use Bitcoin to pay off
the debt and the idea would be see if I
understand this let's say the US
government decided to use a bunch of
dollars to buy a bunch of
Bitcoin so the US government of course
asked to borrow to do anything but it
let's say it took $270 billion dollars
and just bought a bunch of Bitcoin and
then you just use your predictions for
the natural growth of value of Bitcoin
since it's a limited thing with a demand
and you just say okay in you know 10 or
20 years Bitcoin will go up so much it
will equal the
debt and then you'd have a way to pay it
off but of course that's where the
inflation kicks in so it's not a clean
it's not like free money you know your
regular dollars would be inflated way
but there is some kind of an
idea that if the government used its
dollars to buy Bitcoins it would be like
an
investment so let's say you're let's say
if the government instead of buying
Bitcoin let's say the government bought
the
stocks just thinking this through I'm
not suggesting it I'm just thinking you
through if the government bought a bunch
of
stocks and then the stocks went up in
value
and the value was so much that it could
pay off the national debt would that
create
inflation does anybody
know so here's the question in in this
specific case because Bitcoin has this
unique ability that there'll be limited
uh limited Supply by Design but yet the
demand could go up for a while uh the
value of a Bitcoin one Bitcoin should go
up quite a bit in the natural course of
life so how's that different than just
an
investment is it if the US government
bought something that was just worth $35
trillion after a number of years but
they didn't pay that much would that not
create money that they could use to pay
off the debt and if they did would it be
inflationary I don't know
so so I'm
uh I'm in territory that I'm not an
expert
in uh but I'll say that Trump floated
the idea and people were smart say yeah
I mean it's going to happen anyway your
dollars are going to get deflated into
nothing no matter what you
do
so can you see a way that this ends I'm
not so sure it's a fascinating
conversation and I love especially that
Trump wads into it I don't know that he
completely understands the situation
like most of us don't but the fact that
he's even noodling on it is kind of
interesting very
interesting all
right um this is a poll from uh yugov
according to the Gateway pundit 92% of
Voters believe KL Harris is to blame for
covering Joe Biden's obvious mental
decline oh um I feel like that's a a
attack Vector that Trump hasn't fully
exploited meaning that pretty much
everybody believes that she was covering
up one of the biggest secrets in
political life and a bad one like a
really bad one I don't know how she can
explain
that there there's nothing she can say
about that that's not going to sound
like so that's a strong attack
because remember her attack uh Harris's
attack on
Trump is that character thing oh he's a
liar he's a liar but she's the biggest
liar we've seen it's one thing to be a
salesperson liar where you say I was
better on this and I was better on that
and the economy was great even if it's
an
exaggeration right those are sort of
salesperson lies but to actually cover
up that the president can't
function that's a really really deep lie
that's the kind that could get the
entire country
destroyed the stuff that that Trump lies
about well here's a test for you all
right here's a good test i' I've never
seen anybody ask this question and maybe
there's like a clever answer to it that
I haven't anticipated so we'll we'll try
this
live everybody knows everybody who's a
Democrat believes this to be true that
Trump's lying isad for everything right
that Trump doesn't pass the fact checks
and therefore that's going to be bad for
the America if he's in charge that's the
claim all this lying is very bad for
America it's obvious all this lying bad
bad bad here's my question name one
thing that
broke during Trump's first term because
of his lying now it has to be because of
lie not for any other reason because you
know things break but what was within
four years named me the one thing that
went wrong because Trump failed the fact
check
anything can you think of
anything now compare that
to um compare that to Harris hiding a
Biden situation that was bad even for
Democrats because it constrained their
choices they didn't get a regular
primary situation to you know to come up
with the best person so I would say that
Harris's lying about Biden's Health was
good for
Harris and bad for the country in a way
that even Democrats can see because now
they're running Harris because they
didn't have time to do a proper primary
which could have gotten them somebody
who would just easily beat Trump perhaps
but Harris might be uniquely unable to
beat him because she hasn't talked yet
in public as soon as she gets some tough
questions we don't know where this is
going to go so it looks like she's
behind the biggest most dangerous and
damaging lie in American history I can't
think of any lie ever told by the
[Music]
government I I suppose you could get
into the pandemic stuff but that was
Lies by the experts as well as the
government um
I it seems to be the biggest lie I've
ever seen that's on obviously damaging
it's obviously damaging to Democrats
because they didn't get their first
choice for a
candidate
presumably well there's a new
peer-reviewed
scientific paper that people are taking
seriously that says that uh you know how
you thought the government told you that
CO2 increases increase temperature
do you remember the first thing I said
about climate change when I didn't know
anything about it well over I 25 years
ago or something and I remember hearing
that the that the fear was that CO2
Rising happens at you know roughly the
same time as temperatures so the CO2
must be um causing the temperatures do
you remember what I said I said the same
thing I always say for every St
well you showed
correlation but how do we know it
doesn't work the other way because I'm
pretty sure that warming also creates
more
plants and you know anyway it just
seemed to me that warming probably was
associated with more
CO2 and sure enough this new peer
reviewed paper which doesn't mean it's
true remember peer reviewed doesn't mean
much because you can always get somebody
to say oh yeah that looks good to me um
but they seem to have shown according to
them that it's very clear both on an
annual level a decade level and a 100e
level on any scale you look at it's
obvious that the temperature came before
the CO2
increase do you think that's
true what what what if that's what if
that is borne out by other studies
it suggests that maybe the entire
climate thing is ready to just disappear
and that it was never real and and I
think the the pandemic is what might be
the the final thing because before the
pandemic I think people were quite
poised to say that science was always
right and people who were going to
complain about 98% of the scientists
obviously were wrong because I mean 98%
of the scientists can't be wrong right
and then we learn oh yeah not only can
97% of scientists be wrong it would be
ordinary that's the big deal the big
deal is not that it's possible that 98%
of scientists could be wrong the big
deal is that we now know that's
ordinary that's
new that's new and we also know the
mechanism the mechanism that if the
experts have any kind of a
boss an employer or any kind of a
funding request that the employer and
whoever does funding will be weak links
and they will have to do the whatever is
the standard
narrative so since the boss has to go
along with the standard narrative it's
too risky for them not to and they have
to go with the narrative to get
funding and almost every everybody has a
boss or needs
funding you can get to 98% of experts
lying so easily it it requires nothing
unusual they simply have to have jobs
and they do the the only thing you need
to know is that the experts work for
somebody and you can guarantee that they
will conform to the narrative even if
they don't believe
it so now that you know that for sure
that's not hypothetical it's not some
weird Theory I concocted it's observable
every single
time well that's got to hurt your
climate change claims because that's all
about the 98% say it's true and now we
know that means absolutely nothing
absolutely
nothing all right there's this weird
story undercover DC has this story that
telsey gabard was being
surveilled by some division of the TSA
uh that follows people around who are
suspected terrorists so if you're a
suspected terrorist but you're still
allowed to
fly the there's some group within the
TSA that will literally follow you
around so they'll follow you around in
the you when you're waiting for the
flight they might even be on the flight
to keep an eye on you I didn't know any
of this did you know this was the thing
and then the some whistleblower says
that Tulsi gabber is one of the people
that they're following around it's the
quiet Skies
program now here's what I think about
this story there's something wrong with
this
story if if you buy this as a completed
story I think that's a
mistake there's obviously something we
don't know about the story it might be
something
terrible it doesn't mean that it's
something innocent it could be even
worse than the story sounds but we don't
know what's going on here it's simply
they didn't simply decide that Tulsi
gabard is the most dangerous person in
the country so they're going to follow
around and why would you follow around
like how how would that help anybody
suppose you were anti- Tulsi gabard and
so you're going to follow her around in
the airport for
what what unless she ask an actual
terrorist device with her she doesn't
how is that going to help anybody do
anything how is that even anti- tulsy so
none of it makes sense so I'm going to
say put a pin in this story and wait to
see if you learn anything useful because
there's something missing from the
story I don't know what it is but I
don't I don't buy it on its
surface so anyway uh over in Great
Britain apparently there's a bunch of
white people rioting and they're not
even antifa they're being described as
uh far right
extremists and uh they're causing a lot
of trouble and burning stuff and looting
stores and uh it seems to be mostly
driven by an anti-immigration
policy
reaction and so I asked myself how big
do you think this will get the
anti-immigration white people rioting in
Great Britain you think that's going to
get bigger or do you think you know
there's maybe a few weeks of trouble in
the summer and then everybody goes back
to
work I don't know um so some let's see
there only been 150
arrests um it's mostly islamophobic and
anti-immigration they're calling it
because there was some knife attack that
killed three young girls at a Taylor
Swift a themed party but I think there
was some fake news about it which made
people think it was immigrants and maybe
it wasn't and so things turned violent
so most of the major cities in Britain
are
affected
um here's what I think I think Britain's
already done I think they the
immigration policy has basically
destroyed whatever they had as a
coherent culture so I don't know what's
going to happen to him but it won't be
great Britain you know it's not going to
be run by a bunch of white people so
they don't I don't think the white
people have the um
desire to be violent enough that it
would make a difference I don't think
anything short of violence would change
their situation I don't recommend it so
I'm not recommending it I'm just stating
the obvious that anything short of major
violence will keep things exactly the
way they are which be would be the end
of Great Britain so I think you can
write them off there's nothing that
looks like there's a counter Force big
enough there might be a lot of rioting
but it's not a big enough counter Force
so anything short of massive violence
will make no difference whatsoever and I
don't expect it to be massive so I think
it's h the last whining before they go
under
actually here's an interesting update
every single day we get another little
dribble about the Secret Service failure
to protect Trump at that rally and the
amuse account on X is uh summarizing
this so apparently in Pennsylvania
because it's an open carry area it would
have been completely legal for any
citizen who had illegal access to a gun
including you know a serious looking
rifle to Simply put it over your
shoulder and walk around directly
outside the rally did you know that
if you'd brought your own rifle and had
a you know I I think external I mean you
could just put it over your shoulder you
could have stood right outside the rally
and the Secret Service wouldn't be able
to do a damn thing because it would be
outside the security Zone and it would
be completely legal to have your own
legal
gun so part of what and who knows how
many times this story will change but uh
part of it is that they may have seen a
guy with a gun on a roof and they knew
that if they shot him it would be murder
because he might be legal to have a gun
and being on the roof isn't
illegal I mean might be trespassing but
it's not a shoot you illegal so that
they would have to actually wait until
he pointed and shot I don't know if
pointing is enough seems like it should
be but their hesitation was that it
might have been a citizen with a legal
gun now does that sound real to you
doesn't sound real to
me nope nope I I think there's something
being hidden uh there's some indication
that somebody lied
again everything about this is sketchy
why was this the first time that they
ever even had counter snipers so the
first time they ever had counter
snipers they needed counter
snipers that's a pretty big coincidence
isn't it the first time they've used
counter snipers for a non-presidential
thing and then they're claiming that the
reason they don't have the recordings of
the uh conversations of the Secret
Service during the event is that they
were not recorded because it would not
be normal to record unless it's say
president or a vice president and since
he's only a candidate at the moment it
was not
their their deal to record
it to which I
say what
in what world wouldn't it make sense to
have a recording if any action happened
if you're going to have a sniper team
it's because you think things are
important you don't bring the sniper
team you know the anti- sniper team you
don't bring the snipers unless you think
something important might
happen and if you think something
important might happen why in the world
would you have a rule that says you
delete your evidence right after it
happens or don't save it
none of that makes
sense yeah so everything about that
story is not holding
together uh
bason warns us and he as he has before
that our military drones actually all of
our drones in the United States are
primarily made in China so even if the
Drone doesn't say made in China it's
full of parts that are made of
China so we don't have an independent
manufacturing facility for drones the
most important future medical or future
U military
device and it turns out that almost all
of our other military
equipment is also at least partly made
in in China now when I first heard this
story my first reaction was oh my God
this means China could beat in a war
because they would just you know wear us
out and we'd run out of we'd run out of
resources because China makes it and
then I thought to myself why would China
ever want a
war you know we we tend to put um I
guess an American spin on things you
know America likes starting Wars we're
like really big on starting Wars so you
naturally assume that other countries
might be big on starting Wars
too right but what exactly would China
ever want to start a war
for I I think whatever is going to
happen in Taiwan they can control by not
invading they just wait it out and it
looks like that's what they're going to
do but even if they invaded Taiwan I
feel like that wouldn't become a general
War it might get really messy in Taiwan
but I feel like it would still be
limited I I can't think of any scenario
in which China as a country would want
to be in something like a general war
with the United States or anybody else
anybody else because we don't have a
border and we have so much economic
connections it would be devastating for
both why in the world would we ever have
a
war you know and there there's a similar
but different situation with Russia
Russia definitely doesn't want to have a
war with the United States even though
it's sort of in one
indirectly um but but with Russia we do
suspect that Putin has some Ambitions
you know to control other countries and
that's you know that's warlike but China
seems to already control everything
except Taiwan and in the long run that's
only going to go in One Direction so
they're
patient I I think we should just admit
that the US and China don't have any
reason to be at War and maybe act like
that and I don't see that ever changing
actually so I of all the things that I'd
worry about in the world at the very
bottom is a war with
China it's just the bottom I I would
worry about everything before I'd worry
about that they just don't want to and
we don't want to and we have no reason
and it doesn't look like anything would
ever change that would make us want to
have a general
War anyway so remember I told you that
Josh Shapiro seemed like the likely
candidate choice for vice president for
KL Harris and as of today the news is
still saying it could be any one of the
people we've talked about so it's not a
done
deal some people say that the Josh
Shapiro story was intentionally leaked
just to see how people would take
it I don't think
so that assumes a little bit of extra
cleverness and capability than I that I
think we have I think it was just a
mistake I also think that choices of
vice
president can often be up in the air
until like 24 hour 24 hours before the
announcement um I think that it just
goes back and forth and like how about
this one how about that one like right
until the last minute so even if there
was some point where Josh Shapiro was
the number one
preference it's not real until it's real
every everything is totally hard to
guess but allegedly tomorrow Harris
might announce who that person is we'll
see um breitbard is reporting that uh KL
Harris is backpedaling on yet another
one of her radical policy things from
the
past um at one point
um she wanted a federal job guarantee so
that everybody who was unemployed could
at least have a federal job doing what I
don't know but now she says absolutely
not she's totally against that
and part of me doesn't care when people
change their minds about policies
especially if they're changing it from
something crazy
there something more mainstream which
would be a case
here but in this one weird situation
since we don't know who the president
is and we're watching Harris who should
be the one setting policy uh running
away from all of her old policy
positions now do you think she's doing
that or do you think that there's
somebody who runs Biden who also runs
her and is telling her to go to the
mainstream or they won't support
her that's what it looks like so we
really don't know who's running the
country and that's not
hyperbole it's definitely not hyperbole
we literally don't know who's running
the
country so that's bad and uh Zero Hedge
is reporting that Russia might be
aggressively behind the hoodies and Iran
may have already sent weapons to Iran
because the
hypothesis is that it would be good for
Russia to drag the us into another
larger Regional War because then we
would have less will for war in general
and maybe maybe we would settle with
them a little little faster
so that seems at
least I would say on the
surface probably they're helping in some
way
they may be helping a lot less than they
could which would make it look the
opposite of the way it's reported so if
let's say Iran was just really really
pressuring Russia to help and Russia
wanted to remain an ally with Iran but
didn't really want to create another big
war they might give them some stuff so
they could say they did something but
not enough to make it a really big war
so Russia probably has this you know
narrow little window where they can help
a little bit because they are allies
with Iran but they don't want to go
overboard because that there could be
some push back on that it' be severe so
we'll
see but like I said um no no missiles
flying
yet there's some thought that if they
try to overwhelm the Israeli defense
enses that pure number of missiles would
be too many for the iron gnome to
stop but do you think Iran
is has the right risk profile to do a
major damaging attack on an
Israeli population
Center I think
no I think
no so I think that whatever Iran does
may take longer than we thought
because they've got to really think this
through but will
be maybe
weirdly militarily
focused I don't know that but if I were
ran I would want to take out let's say a
weapons
Depot
or just some kind of asset maybe even
just the you know the air defense
assets uh
so so one possibility is that Iran will
try to avoid population centers and go
after a military Target because it's
less likely to
escalate I don't
know
so we'll
see and then reports are that when
colleges are back in session after the
summer the pro Palestinian protests will
just kick right back
in so the US will be full of protesters
as soon as college is
back do you believe that any protests in
the United States are
organic I don't I don't think that the
United
States has people who spontaneously go
to the streets to protest
anything there has to be an organizer or
nothing happens and the organizer is
almost always paid by somebody either
our government or another government so
I just don't see any protest as real no
now the opposite would be you know maybe
some BLM stuff that jumped up because
the news got everybody excited but even
BLM was you know backed by billionaire
money anyway Wall Street Journal is
reporting that Russia may have rushed
that hostage deal with the us because
they wanted to get it done before Trump
got in office uh Joel Pollock had uh had
predicted did that and apparently the
Wall Street Journal is confirming it
that the timing of it was not a
coincidence it it was to do it before
the
election now why would they do
that why would Russia care do you think
they want Biden to be in
charge do they prefer Biden so they make
Biden look good by getting that
done is that what's going on or could it
be as simple as the fact that um Trump
says he doesn't give anything for
hostages so maybe Russia said if we
trade him now we'll get a bunch of our
prisoners back at the same time so
that'll be good for us if we wait for
Trump trump is going to say give us our
prisoners or we will sanction you to
death and then they'd basically just
have to cave and give them the
prisoners
so we don't know exactly what Putin's
thinking but I doubt
he's well maybe he did want to prop up
the Biden Harris group just because he
thinks that they're
weak
maybe don't know but it does show that
he didn't want he wasn't really uh
enthusiastic about a trump
presidency and that's got to be good for
Trump because the best thing that Trump
could do is have an argument that Putin
is working against Trump and this would
look like one of those
situations all right Elon Musk has
reopened his lwuit against chat GPT
according to Reuters so he's uh suing
the open AI people because remember
that's the group that he was part of was
Sam mman and he was the original big
money into open AI because it was
promised that it would be an open thing
not a commercial thing but then
Microsoft got involved and now it's
total commercial thing so Elan is
suing I don't know if that's just for
competitive reasons or or what
anyway um so according to PJ media
Biden's freezing these immigration
flights where they were bringing in
30,000 citizens a month from places like
Cuba and Haiti and Nicaragua and
Venezuela and the reason they paused
it um because there was a massive fraud
alleged by the sponsors of the migrants
so it wasn't the migrants themselves
that were doing a fraud but there there
were moneyed sponsors
that were organizing it all and they
have apparently been accused of some
major fraud so that programs on hold why
did that program ever
exist not for any good reason for
America no it was either for electoral
Advantage for Democrats or something but
wasn't what was good for America
obviously are you aware that the way the
our US government controls free speech
is that there are all these somebody
called them popup
industries that are international groups
whose job it is to monitor the um the
factchecking of social
media so these are basically fake groups
that
will essentially they're looking to get
rid of alternative voices anybody who's
against the narrative so basically
conservatives so there this whole
industry of fake popup fact Checkers
that are really just to stop
conservatives and you know they'll
always say it's about misinformation but
they only Chase misinformation in One
Direction yeah these are the so
so-called NOS non-government
organizations so it looks like the
way the intelligence people in the US
control free
speech is by making sure that if you're
an entity that requires advertising
dollars to survive
they'll have some fake entities say that
you're a liar and then they'll talk to
the the biggest advertising groups and
they'll say to the advertising groups
hey these big entities that are
independent but not really independent
they're fake say that uh this group um
is bad apples so you should not give any
of them any of your advertising dollars
to these groups so they can
basically um bankrupt
any group that's making money and saying
things they don't like to hear now let
me ask you this question after some time
has gone by how many of you think that I
got
cancelled from my dilbur
job because of what I
said versus how many of you think it was
to make sure that I didn't have money
and that I would drop out of being a
public
figure it's kind of coin incidental that
there's this entire structure whose job
it is to bankrupt people on the right
such as Alex Jones got rid of Tucker
Carlson you Roseanne lost her
job yeah you do notice that there's this
big coincidence that whenever there is a
conservative who has some source of
money that source of money will go away
because it will be attacked
does that happen in the other direction
too yeah so I don't believe anything
about my cancellation I don't believe
had anything to do with anything I said
because I've actually said that before I
don't know I said the exactly the same
thing in public before it's just that
when it's taken in context nobody really
even
shrugs it's only out of context that it
sounds
alarming by the way if anybody is new to
this and says what do you mean it's out
in context you said black people are a
hate group what are you talking about I
was there I saw it I saw the video now
the context is that in the context of
ESG and CRT and
Dei white people are being framed by the
common narrative to be the problem and
they're the ones that have the money and
resources and you should take it from
them because they have it
illegitimately anytime you're in that
situation you want to get away from it
if you can
because you literally have been
targeted if you're being targeted where
you live you should try to live
somewhere else if you have an option and
likewise because there's so much racial
racial animosity that's been you know
drummed up by the bad people in the
world that if you just have co-workers
who are diverse your odds of getting
sued go through the
roof now I like diversity
but here's a fact a white man will never
sue me for discrimination that's just a
fact so if I happen to be working with
mostly white men one thing we wouldn't
worry about is anybody suing
us if you work with a diverse group your
odds are being sued if you're the white
guy and you're in charge are really
really high really really high so you
would want to get away from any
situation where you had high risk and go
where you have lower risk everybody agre
with that strategy that you should go
where you have lower risk all things
being
equal right so if you looked at what I
said in context and of course I didn't
get to complete the context because I
get canceled so quickly
um but everybody everybody who's a
regular viewer of my stream knew what
the context
was yeah these are purely punitive
punitive actions against people who go
against the narrative that's what it is
you do not live in a country with free
speech or anything like
it there's a concern now that AI will be
so good that people will prefer AI as
companions and even
lovers compared to humans and it will be
further destruction of humankind not
just reproduction but our ability to
even relate to each other now you may
say to yourself well that's a little
over blown I'm not going to fall in love
with a robot yes you
will let let me tell you just as clearly
as I can yes Ai and robots will have the
ability to make you fall in love you do
not have the ability to resist that now
I'm not saying every single person of
course but most people the the average
person will find that the AI that is
good to them all the time and never
tries to sabotage them never tries to
you know test them you know never
never is
unavailable you're going to find that
very appealing and AI is only just just
starting to get good it's not even good
yet wait till it gets good so my
prediction is that AI will actually
replace a lot of human contact I can't
wait for mine it let me tell you I can't
wait for my robot so I've got somebody
to hang out with
that doesn't give me any trouble it's
like oh you're not going to gossip
you're not going to you're not going to
say behind my back you're not going
to change your mind you're you're not
you're not lying when you say you want
to do something or don't want to do
something it's going to be kind of
refreshing and some people are talking
about using AI to replace
departed Partners so there's going to be
some number of young enough widows who
don't remarry they're just going to
replace their beloved with a
robot so that's going to happen that
will definitely happen and the sex will
be even better than people if you
haven't seen the uh uh Bri
AI sex model he's combined AI with a
sextoy I won't be more specific than
that but if your AI can talk to you and
the sextoy part feels is good or better
than a human would
feel you're going to feel like you have
a human
relationship and it will activate your
oxytocin and your all your good
chemicals so yeah it's a thing it's a
big thing and it's going to dominate
civilization within a year within a year
people will be just fully into their
computer
friends all right now let me if anybody
joined late here's what I think about
the economy the economy is
fine um we have a debt problem but short
of the debt
problem what's happening now is
temporary
normal stock Mark stock markets go down
10% routinely and sometimes they go down
20% and then they come back so every
single time our stock market has gone
down it's come back every single time so
this probably won't be different there
there's nothing structurally different
except the DAT which is not what's
driving the current problem um so maybe
we have to get on the other side of the
ran Iran
response uh maybe maybe we need a
president who can drill more
oil uh but I think we'd be fine we'll be
fine here's what I recommend don't look
at your
portfolio so I'm not even going to open
my app today I don't know what my net
worth is don't want to know right I'll
just wait the the odds the odds of it
going up if we get let's say a trump
presidency pretty good pretty
good
um P said
what when I see that
uh if you what what
all right I was looking for a comment
but it went went by too fast all right
everybody
um Don't Panic you'll be
fine but it's going to S but the news
likes to scare you so there'll be a lot
of scare stories
today and uh I don't know what else you
would put your money in if you were
afraid of the
market yeah what I always say is if the
entire Market goes down and stays there
nothing's worth anything it's not like
your your real estate isn't going to be
worth anything if the stock market goes
to
zero anyway so I'm just going to keep my
money where it is not going to do
anything differently and uh I will talk
to you tomorrow for everybody else and
I'm going to see if I can go private
with just the local
subscribers and uh I will say thank you
to everybody on X and YouTube and Rumble
and uh if this works I'll be talking to
the local supporters
separately
e
e
e
e
e e