[Music]
my shirts all wrinkly hey everybody come
on in here you found it you found the
place with all this stuff happening the
good stuff and it's gonna be time for
the simultaneous lip yeah it's gonna be
a good one this morning and all it takes
is a cover Margaret glossa tanker gel
Thursday and candied sugar flasks of
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the UH the dopamine hit of
the day wait I forgot my own I forgot my
own introduction join me now for the
dopamine here the day the thing makes
everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous epic
happens now go mmm oh yes I can feel the
freedom and the justice breaking out
everywhere so is it my imagination I
want to see if anybody if you have you
noticed this have you noticed that a lot
of people are tweeting about me lately
have you noticed that there's something
happening you know there's sort of that
feels like the energy of the universe is
changing somehow well for some reason
every time every time I wake up now
somebody's retweeting either an
interview I did some time ago or a book
I wrote or a chapter from my book
there's something happening in the last
30 days or so it's just going crazy and
I'm trying to figure out if this is some
kind of uh I don't shift and the
zeitgeist or something somebody says you
shouldn't impersonally Biden it's
contagious are there more people doing
that unparalleled pleasure thank you
I forgot my own opening sang now if you
couldn't tell I overslept meaning that
I'm a little bit unprepared and
I have not had the requisite amount of
coffee but will that stop us from having
an incredible incredible periscope no no
it won't and let's jump into it correct
me if I'm wrong but I believe the CDC
guidelines say that we should stay six
feet away from other people can you fact
check and beyond that six feet away from
other people am i right
but why is it that Joe Biden says that
he needs to stay twelve feet away from
people as the CDC given special guidance
to Joe Biden that six feet is just for
the kovat but we're gonna we're gonna
throw on another six feet just with a
sniffing because I haven't heard it
anybody else say twelve feet and that I
saw that interview with Dana Bash and
sure enough he was 12 feet away and I
thought I don't know is that is that 12
feet just for Joe Biden Oh
congratulations sudden episode 1,000
people are telling me well apparently
this is my 1000th episode how about that
I think I've probably done more but we
only I think we only label them labeled
them a thousand of them a thousand
really I've done this a thousand times
does that seem possible does it seem
even possible that I've done this a
thousand times
Wow all right so let's talk about the
the Twitter fact-checking and the vote
harvesting so rarely do you get a
situation where there are two
interesting topics and they intersect so
here we have the interesting topic of
the vote harvesting and the cheating
with the mail and votes all allegedly is
it true or is it not true that's what
we'll talk about and then you have
separately the question of twitter
becoming the fact checker for facts
exactly like this one to find out what's
true to it
and what what could make what could make
this story more interesting if you'd
heard that twitter has a new
fact-checking feature what could make
that the most interesting story in the
world well obviously the first time you
ever hear about it in the action the
first time you know that it's been used
is against President Trump all right so
so already you've taken something that
was an interesting story huh
Twitter's gonna be doing some
fact-checking I wonder how that's gonna
work cuz how did they decide what's the
fact and what's not so it's already
interesting and then they decide I don't
know how many other fact checks they've
done but the first time we've heard of
it happens to be the President of the
United States but it gets better it's
not just the President of the United
States he's actually talking about a
topic that will determine the fate of
the Republic which is whether our voting
system is secure and unfair so it's like
the biggest thing in the world you know
in terms of stuff you should be talking
about I mean we really the public needs
to grapple with this question we don't
know what's true we don't know what's
not but we need to grapple with the
question now here's the thing the
president's made this claim that mail-in
votes are subject to massive fraud I my
understanding my understanding is that
the reason that it was given the fact
checking label it wasn't removed they
just label it with a link it so you can
go see what their version of the truth
is and so so they've labeled this thing
and do you think there's any chance the
president's wrong about this because
because one of the odds there's no
cheating with mail-in ballots now I I'm
kind of really confused by it because
this is a question of how much cheating
because is there anyone on the planet
who could stand here and tell you to
your face you know there's never been a
problem with a mail-in ballot there's
never been one case in which somebody
filled one out for an elderly person
it's never happened
there's never been a case where somebody
picked one up to help you deliver it and
then when they saw that you're a certain
Democratic demographic group decided to
just throw it away because in all
likelihood you voted for the the other
candidate the one they don't want to win
I wonder if that's ever happened do you
think anybody's ever thrown away one
mail invalid ballot there's somebody
else has given them to deliver do you
think that's ever happened even once
well of course I mean of course it's
happened at least once in all the
millions and millions of people now of
course happening just once wouldn't
change the election and all likelihood
if just one vote got changed that one
time with that one bill and mail and
ballot but how many votes do you need to
change before it's a true statement that
mail-in ballots have a little extra risk
would three be enough maybe not would
3,000 be enough let's say we could no
and of course there's no way to know
this but let's say we can know for sure
just pick a number that 3,000 votes had
been changed across the entire country
in a national election maybe they're
spread out in different ways but 3,000
of them would that be a problem maybe
maybe not it depends entirely where they
are did they change the election or not
well how about 3 million I have a
300,000 about 30,000 how about how about
5,000 but they're in exactly the swing
state how in the world could you
possibly judge it not true that there
would be cheating with with mailings let
me tell you how I would do it here's how
I would do it if I were a big a little
cheater if I were gonna break the law it
would go like this
I would just
you know organized my neighborhood and
say look yeah we got some people we
could help all you elderly avoid the co
vid and we're gonna take your mail-in
ballots so we'll be knocking on your
door and we'll pick up your ballots and
then I would just throw away all the
ballots from people that I could
statistically assume we're gonna vote
the other way I don't want them to vote
just throw them away that's that can you
imagine an easier way to cheat here are
these things in my hand instead of
carrying them over to the mailbox well
nobody is looking I'll carry them over
to the dumpster where nobody's looking
did I get away with it can I get away
with this crime carry a bag of garbage
to the dumpster how often do people get
arrested for carrying a bag of garbage
to the dumpster it's sort of the perfect
crime so for Twitter to fact check that
as false I think I need a little more
information about that don't you think
don't you think you need a little more
information about that because if
somebody has a counter-argument that
such an obvious way to treat what to
cheat would not be used when in fact we
have historical examples where cheating
happens wherever pretty much whenever
you can it happens all the time
so what would be the only way to make
this story more interesting well suppose
hypothetically suppose that the person
in charge of Twitter's let's say the
head of site integrity let's suppose he
had a history of tweeting anti-trump
things because that's the only way the
story could be more interesting and
certainly Twitter would never have in
charge of their head of site integrity
the person in charge of fact-checking
they certainly would not put in charge
that somebody who had a documented
history of tweeting anti-trump stuff
were they I mean they wouldn't do that
would they
okay they did that apparently now I
don't know if this is true so let's
let's put a question mark on the
fact-checking of this but allegedly
there's a gentleman named yeol Roth who
according to Fox News he boasts you
could tell what news you could tell
which news I'm reading by the words they
used to describe the people in the news
so they say he boasts I don't know if
he's boasting but but he says let's just
say he says we won't say he's boasting
that he's in charge of developing and
enforcing twitter rules
boasting oh you love the fact that the
news will just put in those little those
little words that have just a little
flavor of bias on him now he doesn't
simply state that he is the in charge of
developing and enforcing Twitter's rules
if you read it on the Fox News site he's
boasting of it do people boast about
their job I think you just say what your
job is most of the time I mean it's not
like he is he's not the governor I
believe he's just saying his job which
everybody does and he's not boasting all
right so I'll start by defending him
from from that claim that he's boasting
so here are some of the things that mr.
Roth has said about Trump where that
were the quotes
oh he's previously referred to Trump and
his team as quote actual Nazis actual
Nazis okay so there's there's a fair and
balanced fair and balanced kind of a guy
he's also tweeted to quote we fly over
those states that voted for a racist
tangerine for a reason so not only does
he think that Trump is a racist
tangerine but
but the entire the entire middle of the
country is worthless he's in charge of
your fact-checking
allegedly you know I'm not even sure
it's even the right guy or he's you know
maybe maybe he's got a boss who's really
in charge or who knows you know so I
wouldn't I wouldn't even assume that
that is totally his responsibility or
anything but that's the news that we're
dealing with what he couldn't he
couldn't possibly be a worse choice
goody so I'm sure he's good at his job
I'm not questioning whether he knows how
to do his his Twitter job but but if you
but if you're trying to build a credible
system for fact-checking you probably
wouldn't want the guy who called half of
the people in the country racist and
said the middle of the country is
worthless
could this be better come on come on
this story could not be more perfectly
crafted for our entertainment it really
couldn't this is just this is just as
perfect as it could be so uh-huh just to
make it better I in my mind when I heard
about the fact-checking
on the president's tweet in my mind
there was a little recording that
started playing and the recording was
going to bug me forever until the real
world served it up and within hours
within hours the real world served up
the little recording that was in my head
I swear I'm living in the simulation and
here's what it looked like it looked
like it looked like Joel Pollock at
Breitbart writing an extended article
about all the people in the media and on
Twitter who have referred to the fine
people hoax as real
in other words calling out all the
people who need to be fact checked for
the fine people hoax that was exactly
the little recording that was going in
my head which was
hey if Twitter's got a fact jack I got a
fact for him I got a fact or run past
them hey hey let's run one fact fast
them let's see what they think about
that fine people oaks let's see if we
give you a little label on that now of
course you can see where this is going
the the fine people hoax is clearly fake
news so clearly that needs a fact check
all you have to do is link to the
transcript it doesn't even require
linking to a different article you can
literally just link to the transcript
fact check so here's the question the
next time somebody on CNN or otherwise
it was a blue checker let's say mentions
the the fine people hoax
the hoax being that the president called
neo-nazis fine people which is the
opposite of what happened will that give
fact checked and there's a dozens well
what are people gonna do what would you
do what would I do what would anybody do
if we see that come out of another blue
checks mouth and doesn't get
fact-checked but how about this you want
what's let's make it more interesting
you ready what if it does you didn't see
that coming did you what if it does get
fact checked let me just think about it
what if they actually fact checked and
said yeah the define people hoax is not
a fact here's the transcript what what
if they did because it's not impossible
is it now I don't think that they're
gonna go back in time and real able
tweets that have already happened but
we're just waiting now because
somebody's gonna tweet that hoax they
always do I mean it's one of the most
commonly tweeted hoaxes on all the
internet so what's gonna happen because
I think you and I will point it out
should it happen again I'm pretty sure
that you or I or maybe some common
of us will point it out to Twitter as
something that maybe needs that little
label so I think you could all see where
this is going which is there's just no
way that this could be enforced because
Twitter wouldn't be able to do anything
but slap liar labels on pretty much
everything so you pretty much either
have to do none or all of it but it's
hard to do some and if they try to do
some and they don't do it in a way that
everybody thinks is unbiased what's
gonna happen what's gonna happen well
that is why this is so darn interesting
well the president is threatening that
there'll be some kind of antitrust
action and I wonder to myself I wonder
if I wonder if that would work because
there are competing social media
platforms and you can argue that as long
as there's Facebook and Twitter people
have a way to get their message out yeah
they're not completely closed off so it
would be an interesting court case you
know just the existence of competition
is that enough or does it have to be the
right kind exactly so we might see this
seems to be that on this question that
they fact-checked about the cheating
with the bail and votes don't you sense
kind of a looser attitude there from the
GOP I feel as though the Republicans are
just taking a sort of a loser position
on this mail-in votes and what I mean by
that is well who says only the Democrats
can cheat is there some law that says if
we do mail-in votes only the Democrats
are allowed to cheat is that some kind
of law I don't know about because it
seems to me that the GOP is pretty darn
good and doing stuff like that
historically now we're talking about the
local people not the
not the federal people but at the local
level do you think that the Democrats
can out cheat that the Republicans I say
game on if you're gonna do mailing votes
if mail-in votes are the thing the
Republicans should mobilize the entire
Republican base to do ballot harvesting
now not illegally that would be against
the law they should not illegally do any
ballot harvesting with any shenanigans
no malarkey but on the other hand they
can't police everything I mean it's not
like the it's not like the president
could watch every person and every every
precinct to pick up pick up the ballots
you can't please everything but if you
feel more comfortable if the Republicans
are picking up the ballots the mr.
Democrats not saying what anybody is
going to do with these ballots that
parts unknown but are the GOP gonna just
let the Democrats play this game because
it feels like if mail-in ballots are
gonna be the standard the GOP is gonna
wait in pretty hard to cheat like crazy
so I feel like the the Republicans have
or may be playing this wrong it could be
that you're not allowed to say in public
hey let's cheat as much as the other
side and I'm certainly not saying that
either just to be clear I'm not
suggesting that anybody cheat in an
election that would be very bad and you
should go to jail if you get caught
cheating in an election so don't do that
all I'm saying is the opportunity to
cheat is exactly the same size for both
parties I it could be that the best way
to make mail-in votes go away if you
wanted to if you wanted to just
strategically would be to embrace it
what would the Democrats think about
mailing votes tomorrow if today every
Republican and the state said hey you
know guys you're right you're right
let's go with a mail-in votes
how about that you know we've decided
we've looked into it you're right
there's no way you could ever cheat with
his mail and votes so you've won the
argument we've decided that we will go
with your your process and we'll just do
mail and votes because they're so darn
fair
okay Democrats are you are you okay with
that you okay with that good let's go
because I think the day that the
Republicans embraced bail and voting it
would be over yeah wouldn't it I think
it would be over so anyway so those are
fun stories what else we got going on
here I'm going to take a very unpopular
opinion are you ready for this you come
here for the unpopular opinions and what
I say it's unpopular I mean you won't
like it on the Left you probably won't
like it on the right it goes like this
we're all watching this like disgusting
story of the was in Minnesota the police
officer who put his knee on the neck of
the african-american gentleman and the
person who was on the ground the suspect
who was under police control was
complaining that he couldn't breathe he
was in pain and he just died the guy
just kept his knee on the guy's neck and
he just died like while people were just
standing there now
in terms of the horribleness of this
story that's sort of a 10 you know
that's that's a 10 and a 10 for
horribleness but I would like to send a
message to my african-american fellow
fellow that seems racist not racist that
seems sexist I would not say fellow
citizens because that's sexist right
what see what's the term that would
replace it fellow citizens there would
be non sexist way whatever that turn is
to my african-american
citizens my teammates people on my side
I say I'm horrified by this but here's
one thing you need to know well white
people want to kill that guy the the cop
not the suspect white people are not
happy with that wake up do you know what
do you know what that white cop did to
my brand like to me personally he messed
up my brand that's a white cop that made
me as a white citizen looked like a
 idiot look like how did that
make you feel if you're if you happen to
be let's say a white male just just to
keep it as specific as possible so this
cop who's out this video doing this
horrible thing is a white adult male if
you are also an adult white male how the
 do you feel about that right so if
the black citizens of this country are
are let's say enraged by that first of
all yeah yeah you should be
secondly the one thing you can trust is
that white men are gonna fry this
 he's gonna get fried
because he didn't help us you know he's
not on my side this guy this guy's gonna
get fried by white people just
give us a minute okay just take a pause
my my black friends you know my
african-american citizens you're pissed
we are too right
he didn't help me he's not making my
life any better so just give a little
time let the system work I'm pretty sure
white people are gonna fry this guy one
way or the other you know fry beating
there'll be consequences not necessarily
execution but I think I'd let the system
go with this one because if you think
you can find a white person who thinks
it's okay to like I don't just kill a
guy who's in custody and not
not in any danger of hurting anybody
good luck you're not gonna find any
white people agree with that how about
we just be on the same side for
a change can't we do that
can't we be on the same side I mean
really seriously who is on the other
 side of this nobody if there was
ever if ever there was a cause that
should bring us together it should be
this one now you want the controversial
part I have the next part you might not
like as much it goes like this there is
some report that he resisted arrest
which is a separate question from what
happened after he was controlled by the
cops once he was completely controlled
there is no excuse for what happened and
nothing I say should will change that no
excuse for what happened but I'm just
gonna tell you my personal opinion we
don't know if he resisted arrest that's
just part of the story and you can't
really trust anything at this point but
I'm giving my personal opinion I no
longer have empathy for anybody who
resists arrest that's it
people who resist arrest I just don't
have any empathy for them now in this
case I don't know if this guy did that's
reported so I think we should wait and
see
I assume the way it looked the police
looked like they had an attitude meaning
there was a little extra it looked like
the cop who had his knee on the guy's
neck may have had some prior situation
that made that seem more right to him
than I should have
so I'm gonna go on record and say
anybody who resists arrest and then gets
killed I don't care I just don't care I
just don't care about anybody
who gets killed resisting arrest and I'm
not going to change that opinion if you
resist arrest and you get killed
don't complain
to me I don't care how nice you were the
day before I don't care how good your
grades were I don't care how much your
family loves you it's a tragedy
I'm not even talking about this specific
latest situation I'm generalizing just
generalize them if you resist arrest and
you get killed oh don't look to me for a
sympathy at all not at all if you care
 get through an arrest without
fighting the police of getting yourself
killed I mean that just can't be my
problem it just can't be my problem
right that's your problem you've got
 killed because you resisted
arrest that said once the guy was under
control the police had no there's just
no excuse for what we saw on video now
it could be I'll give you this general
caution here's a general caution even
videotape that says clear as this one
where you say to yourself Scott there's
not really any doubt what's happening in
that videotape just remember you've seen
a lot of videotape in which you also
thought there was no doubt what was
happening on the video only to learn
that it was completely misleading now I
can't imagine how this would be
misleading
I mean it's again it looked pretty clear
but remember this yeah if this goes to
court it probably will
you could you could learn anything I
mean you could be amazingly surprised
about what you learned about this
situation but that said the video seems
pretty clear I'd be surprised all right
somebody says so you're a boot licker
I'm sure that makes complete sense to
whoever I'm blocking the boot licker
there is such a thing as wrongful
imprisonment - sure
cops are brutal two resistors regardless
of skin color we think that is true but
you know why is that do we have video of
police killing white suspects by just
putting they're putting their knee on
their neck well I'm learning by text
that neck restraints are authorized by
the police when suspects resist arrested
- that will be the cops defense of the
trial especially if the on-scene
commander authorized it so there can be
a situation in which a nekross day would
be authorized we don't know the details
of this case but that could be the
defense that a neck restraint would be
authorized if there was some resisting
arrest that went on so that's a good
point
so to my earlier point you might be
amazed when inevitably there will be a
trial I'm sure you might be amazed that
this isn't quite exactly what you
thought it was all right
somebody says is that a real cop I think
so
somebody says the Karen story in the
park changed quite a bit did it you know
I said this last night but I'll say it
again the the the African American man
who was the bird watcher in the park
with that Karen situation and the dog
you all know the story I I just love
that guy's that guy's attitude that she
was punished too much for the situation
that is such and that is such a
productive good citizen you know kind of
framing of that and I would like I and I
suggested this last night I think that
the Christian Cooper a perfect ending to
the story I'm not saying he should do it
because it's his life you can do
whatever he wants
but a perfect way to put a bow on this
to make the world a better place instead
of just leaving it with this negative
taste in our mouth you could make the
world a better place
and I feel like Christian Cooper might
be the kind of guy who gets this and
could make this happen
just call call the woman's employer and
say look I think she needs a second
chance and let's not make this you know
a life-ending situation I mean he could
he could change her life that the
direction of her life were the phone
call and I hope he is I hope he's he's
inspired to do that all right
I doubt it but I wish you would all
right the officer in question committed
career suicide he certainly did
neck restraints that seem like torture
yeah I don't even understand the neck
restraint because if you've got somebody
on the ground and presumably by then he
was handcuffed and if he wasn't already
handcuffed why not so if somebody is on
your back and your your your your
handcuffs behind your back how in the
world are you a risk because you can't
get up and you can't use your hands
so there's a lot of explaining to do
like I could see why somebody would use
a neck restraint if it was you know
still the heat of the moment like if
that's if that's the first thing you did
to get control of somebody I can see
that but once you had control of them
and you had other officers around isn't
he immediately handcuffed behind his
back and then you have all the control
you need so I guess we have lots of
questions about it all right that's all
I got for now yes he already denounced
the firing the the Audubon bird-watching
guy did and I thought that that was that
was just good being a good citizen so I
appreciated that all right that's all I
got four down and I will see you tonight