bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody come on in here Annie I see
you come on in here make sure you've got
a beverage with you you early birds you
get extra attention
Jimmy Nancy ray um come on in here Oh
the news is sort of fun today isn't it
it's fun news yeah all right I think
it's time for your favorite part of the
day I like to call it coffee with Scott
Adams and specifically something called
the simultaneous sip oh yeah
grab your mug grab your glass your Stein
your chalice your thermos if you will
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
it delightful so let's talk about the
news Kelsey Grammer was quoted talking
about Roseanne Barr or just Roseanne I
guess saying if we don't accept
apologies how does anybody ever make
amends I tweeted that around because I
agree do you want to live in a world
where an apology doesn't mean anything
so think about that every time you don't
accept an apology
you create a world where apologies don't
mean anything and that's going to come
back to you so in my opinion we should
be a little more gracious about letting
people improve letting people clarify
let people apologize when they've
offended there's a
there's some word thinking news mostly
on the anti-trump side and word of
thinking is my own phrase and it applies
to where somebody's trying to turn a
choice of words into a story when
there's nothing really there except a
choice of words so you see the news do
this a lot they the current choice of
words they're turning into a story is
the president talking about his
emergency declaration for the border
security and he said when he was talking
about it quote I didn't need to do it so
now the anti-trump are saying what
obviously he's lying about it at being
an emergency because now he say he
didn't need to do it well in context I
think everybody understands what he
meant
meaning they had some other money
funding options he could have fought it
in a different way you don't need to do
anything
so they've they've turned didn't need to
do it into a criticism of the fact that
it's declared an emergency when in fact
we've all been educated that this
emergency thing doesn't really mean that
it's the only thing happening and it's
the biggest emergency in the world and
that you know the world must stop unless
you do one thing about it all right
that's not what an emergency is in this
context it's just something very
important and the president thought that
taking care of it sooner was better than
waiting he could have waited to deal
with the emergency he had that option
but he didn't want to wait so there's
literally nothing to the story but
they're trying to make a story out of a
choice of words you see that a lot now
on that same point should we be happy or
unhappy to live in a world in which in
order to generate news because there
wasn't enough bad news apparently and in
order to generate news they had to
manufacture a new
out of a word choice that's a pretty
good world right because if something
had blown up that day nobody would be
talking about a choice of words that
wouldn't mean anything
likewise Larry elder had a great
observation about the Jessie small a
incident and his observation was we
should be reporting it as good news that
the most notable example of racial
discrimination especially in the in the
violent category the most famous example
of it at the moment apparently didn't
even happen if you have to make up news
about racial events or living in a much
better world than maybe we were giving
you know that that were that were
understanding and I always go back to
Mark Twain's
famous quote that that we humans can't
tell the difference between good news
and bad now I made this I made the same
same observation when the president was
being accused of insulting black women
so you remember there was about a week
where the news cycle said hey the
president keeps criticizing black women
is it a coincidence could it be a
coincidence that he's you know he always
seems to be going after black women and
his criticisms well first of all it's
stupid because he goes after absolutely
everybody all right and it doesn't take
you you know much work to google
anything about the president and see
that he goes hard that literally
everybody here's the good news the good
news is that there were so many a highly
successful black women in high-level
jobs that they were part of the target
set now that's nothing but good news the
reason he was criticizing black women is
that those particular black women are
killing it in their careers
they're absolutely slaying it in terms
of success they had reached a level
where the president of the united states
was personally talking about them now it
was a criticism but that's sort of what
he does right if you're on the other
team it was hard for me to see that as
anything but the best news ever
it's like if black women are killing it
in their careers so once so that the
president has to talk about him it's
hard for me to see that as everything
going to hell
that looks pretty good to me all right
so congratulations to black women who
are doing great at the highest levels
so don't diffuse your good news for you
bad news there's there's the inland news
we're talking about the El Chapo law
that Ted Cruz has suggested where we
take LJ pose capture drug money and use
it for the wall but apparently there is
no such thing as captured El Chapo drug
money you know it's not like he had a
banking account with that at Chase and
they just froze it so nobody has any of
El Chapo's money that money exists
somewhere but here's the fun part does
the United States know which Mexican
government officials you're gonna love
this point does the United States know
which government officials in Mexico
have accepted bribes from the cartels oh
I'll bet we do
don't you think because those bribes are
probably going into something like bank
accounts right the the mayor of some
border town in Mexico that that mayor
probably doesn't have any complicated
ways to launder his money probably we
could just look at their bank accounts
and say okay he's the mayor is his
salary is this much he deposited this
much probably a cartel situation so
here's the question what would happen if
we started seizing the bank accounts of
Mexican government officials that we
know we know to be taking bribes
that would sort of be Mexico paying for
the wall wouldn't it you know it said
the question is I'm not suggesting
that's a good idea because there I'm
sure there are complications there but
I'm gonna ask the question I'll put it
in the form of a question
does the United States have a pretty
good idea which government officials are
on the take and if we do well maybe we
ought to just flow to trial blue and see
if we can freeze one of their bank
accounts and see if we can get at it
maybe just see if we can get at it
because you probably don't need to do
all of them you could just test it with
one just pick a mayor pick a Chief of
Police and just say alright you know
we're gonna just test this out
it's obvious you're taking bribes now
we're gonna take your money
because I don't know how easy it is to
launder money these days unless you're a
major player if you're just a chief of
police or a or a mayor can you can you
figure out how to launder money in the
way that the government of the United
States can't identify it I don't know so
let's talk about hoaxes and how to
identify them we're gonna go to the
white board in a moment but I know you
want to talk about the jussie Smollett
incident which is a rare double hoax
it's a double hoax most of you watching
this periscope have been hoaxed by the
jussie Smollett situation and what
you're thinking when I said that was oh
no you don't mean us you mean the people
who believed in this story about the you
know that the the people who believed
that there were Trump supporters wearing
Magga hats attacking him if you ever
believe that story you're the one who
got hoaxed right but did you know this
male never made the claim that anybody
attacking him was wearing
magda hat did you know that did you know
that Jesse small a never made the claim
that anybody yelled this is mega country
did you know that I didn't know it until
this morning I had been reading social
media and I believe the story was that
Smollet had claimed that somebody
wearing a Maggie hat yelled this is
Maggie country and beat him up that
never happened
I was totally hoaxed now in my defense I
wasn't really following the story so I
hadn't read I don't know if I'd even
read that either fold news reports I've
just been watching it on social media
and what people said about it and I did
believe that I did believe that that was
the story I thought that the news was
reporting this Molay had said these
people were wearing Maggie hats and
yelling this is Maggie country never
happened complete fake news so this is a
double hoax
the first hoax is on the Trump
supporters because there was no story in
which small a claimed Trump supporters
attacked them it'll literally never
happened
there was a unnamed person a source CNN
says he did no they did not
if you believe the CNN claimed this male
had claimed that they were wearing hats
or that they yelled mega country go look
for it and see if you can find it I
don't think you'll find it because I
looked for it and couldn't find it and I
thought well what's happening here my my
world is unraveling because I thought
that was the story and then I looked for
it and couldn't find it now you may have
seen a pundit saying it I'm you know
that's possible but in terms of news
reporting they would have reported
maybe a sources edit but I'll bet you
they did not report and if they did send
it to me if if there's anybody who's not
a pundit who is who is let's say more
identified with Dax Lee than news on CNN
somebody says he did say it in his
interview I don't think you can find a
link to that somebody's wrong here and
now some of you are saying he said it on
Good Morning America yeah send me a link
of that because I saw him say it later
well isn't this interesting isn't this
interesting
see how many of you are living in a
different reality now let me know let me
say that the news I'm reading this
morning is just clarifying that he never
said it but is the news this morning
correct or was it the movies before now
people are saying he said it in ABC
interview so let's let's test that see a
ABC dude well actually why is it wasn't
somebody tweet that at me right now and
you can tweet me to the link and then we
can find out for sure
so tweet that at me oh here it is it's
already here let's play it let's see let
me see if I could play that for you now
this would be kind of interesting right
so those are people saying that he said
it 100% and you could be right
there are enough of you saying it that
I'm starting to to assume that you must
have heard it
so let's play it this is even better if
it this is even better if he didn't say
it maybe it's a triple hoax so this is a
a this site called vulture February 14th
they say Jessie Smollett details assault
says attackers yelled that this is
magnet country so vulture is reporting
it I'm looking at the quote say you
arrived home just seeing if it says you
said I heard an empire and I don't
answer to Empire my name is an empire I
kept walking and then I heard
Empire and word so I turned around and
then I said you did you say that
and then I said see the attackers mask
and he said this is Maggie country and
word interesting interesting so let me
let me reverse what I just said yeah so
I had just read an article that said the
opposite before I got on here life so
that so there might be a triple hoax
going on here he didn't say it his
manager did somebody saying well I just
read the quote from vulture that says he
sent it all reportedly his manager
confirmed he heard it while he was on
the phone during the attack could it be
that small a was it's possible that he
was reacting to what the manager said
alright so the so this is fascinating
because what
as I heard the news that CNN was
reporting that he had not that he had
maybe not been attacked and that maybe
it was being being investigated as a
hoax
[Music]
I look to CNN to see the reporting of
the corrected news and as dog jr. had
said on internet we're waiting for CNN
to say that the news was wrong and it
was never a magazine but they never even
mentioned the original mega reference
and I kept looking in CNN for that and
so I thought well why is the most
obvious part of the story not there did
you did anybody have that same
experience you go to CNN you go oh what
are they going to say about the fact
that it had been claimed it was a maggot
event and now it looks like it probably
wasn't how did that how did they handle
that and they simply didn't mention it
and I thought to myself well why would
that not mention it so then I went over
to TMZ and on TMZ which was maybe the
first one to report it or among the
first on TMZ the way they reported it is
that a source said that somebody yelled
this is mega country but they clarified
there was nothing about a hat so would
you agree how many of you thought the
story was that the two assaulters
alleged assault errs had a hat what
would you all agree that there were no
red hats and that that part was never
true he never claimed they were wearing
a hat
the Rope was a pen tupple hoax alright
so I think as so is so here's what we
think we know so well we think we know
is that there was some fake news that
said that he had reported they were
wearing a Maggie hat that part was
always fake news so there was never a
mega hat he did not report that in the
beginning and he did not say it later
there was also the report about whether
or not he's the one who said this is
Maggie country but now you've confirmed
by showing me the interview that in his
interview with Good Morning America he
did say that so if he did say that it is
absolutely disgusting that CNN doesn't
mention it alright
if CNN gasps lettin us know nobody's
gasoline like gas lighting anybody ever
that's not a real thing
let us talk about ways to identify a
hoax now in my case there was a piece of
information I didn't have so the
information is that he gave an interview
in which he specifically said he
specifically made that claim that I
hadn't heard yet it wasn't on CNN all
right so here are some tips for
identifying a hoax first thing we're
going to say about that is that
somebody's saying they did have red hats
and they know where they bought them I
don't know you better check that fact so
I'm not going to claim that there's
science behind these tips I will claim
that after a lifetime of watching hoaxes
evolve that these seem to be useful ways
to you know identify them in advance so
let's talk about them they're not a
hundred percent it's not like every one
of these works every time but these are
the the flags you should be looking at
number one anonymous source if there's
an anonymous source
and it's about politics probably is
wrong the this male original story about
the attacker yelling this is mega
country was originally an anonymous
source
so before you pointed me to the Good
Morning America source which is not
anonymous because he said it himself the
anonymous source should not have been
trusted alright so the first anonymous
source should not have been trusted
second is is the story by its nature one
of those my god I can't believe it kinds
of stories and whenever you see that you
should say to yourself okay
on the surface the fact that this story
is a hard to believe story probably
makes it 85% likely to be untrue let me
give you an example here's that here's a
story in the news that on its surface
feels like it's unlikely to be true the
President of the United States is a
Russian puppet all right now without
knowing any information with with no
evidence whatsoever it's somebody just
told you that the president of United
States is working for Russia there's an
85% chance that's false
before you've heard any information
because stories like that and by like
that I mean on the surface you say to
yourself I don't think that's true
before you've heard any evidence doesn't
matter what the story is if your first
reaction is I don't believe that you're
right 85% of the time no matter what
comes out later now there's a reason for
that there's actually a you know a well
documented effect the reason that
something becomes national news is that
it captures our attention the things
that capture our attention are the
things that are most unusual and out of
character the most weird
hard to believe stories they're the ones
that rise to the top because they're so
interesting and and those stories if you
were to track them over time you would
find that they're almost always wrong
yeah so the fact that it was
unbelievable on its surface probably
makes it wrong here's another one
Hillary Clinton sold our valuable
uranium to our biggest military foe
Russia now when you hear those story
your first impression should be that
doesn't sound right I don't think so and
sure enough there have been no charges
ever filed about that so chances are it
was never there was never anything to
her from the beginning again it's an 85
percent rule there's a good chance it's
true
15 percent that's a solid that's a solid
chance that it's true but your first
reaction should be if it sounds
ridiculous probably not true all right
this one is my favorite one other people
can see it
it's invisible to other people now it
kind of depends how many other people if
a million people can see something and
three people can't well I'd go with a
million but if half of the people in the
room can see something clear clear as
the nose on their face and the other
half are looking at exactly the same
stuff and they're saying I don't see it
it's probably the people who didn't see
it
you should always bet on the people who
don't see it let's take chemtrails
chemtrails do we have any any sources on
the record to talk about chemtrails I
don't think so right is it hard to
believe is it hard to believe that the
government is doing secret things with
planes to gas the citizens for something
well that would be really hard to
believe which means it's probably not
true and others can't see it in other
words when I look at the chemtrails
story as I go
I don't see it doesn't doesn't look real
to me
alright also is there an ordinary
explanation that fits the facts better
now one ordinary explanation for things
is that it didn't happen all right so if
you look at the Jessie's male situation
it would be remarkable if he had really
been attacked by two random people
yelling this is mega country not
impossible right there's nothing about
that that's impossible
well when you first heard it didn't you
have the I don't know about that
reaction well wasn't your first reaction
about jussie Smollett I'm not so sure
right probably it was the ordinary
explanation is people make stuff up the
ordinary explanation is well that didn't
happen that's always the most ordinary
explanation is of the news is wrong how
often is the the news wrong somebody
says I keep mispronouncing his name I
don't really care I'm not I'm not sure
he's earned a correctly pronounced name
has he earned that I'm not so sure all
right and then there's the the gell-mann
gell-mann amnesia effect how many of you
have heard of that it's one of the most
important things to know and it works
like this and I will read I don't have
any more
so the Gelman amnesia effect has to do
with a famous physicist named gell-mann
and he noticed that when he watched the
news about physics an area that he
understood the best the news was always
wrong but as soon as he turned the page
to something he wasn't an expert on
let's say the palestinian situation or
you know anything else he couldn't tell
if any other news was wrong but whenever
he looked at news about physics he could
tell and it was pretty much always wrong
so he finally asked himself why do I
forget that lesson that the only thing I
know about is coincidentally always
wrong why would I believe the rest of it
what would make me think the rest of the
news is any more accurate than that one
little slice that I can determine with
certainty is wrong this is very
important and I gave you an example
yesterday so yesterday there was an
article in the publication called
The Verge the ERG there was an article
about that that included something about
me the article it was about carpe Noctem
and his mean getting getting retweeted
by the President and in the story they
referred to me as a far-right
personality which is completely wrong
I'm left of birdy I say so often I have
an audience that is mostly you know
writer senator but that's different from
what I am so the one the one piece of
information in this article that I can
validate with it beyond any doubt is
their description of me and it was wrong
so that whenever I see an article about
me I can tell how wrong it is and it's
it's wrong so often it's just laughable
but if you're not a subject of the news
and you don't have you don't have an
expertise that you can validate whether
the news is correct or not you you don't
have any way of understanding how
inaccurate the news is all right so the
first thing you have to know about the
gell-mann
amnesia is that you should assume that
the news is wildly inaccurate often
that's the lesson it's wildly inaccurate
often that should be your starting point
so let's say you hear a
a piece of leaders and you say to
yourself and you say to yourself well
let's let's go down some examples we're
gonna take a little detour here are
there any potential stories that you
would like to test against the filter is
there anything that you'd like me to run
through the filter to determine whether
it looks more like a hoax or more like a
real story let's take let's take pizza
gate or Sandy Hook yeah so pizza gate
Sandy Hook I think they pretty much all
fail these fail these stories the pizza
gate story was primarily based on a
series of weird coincidences that were
hard to explain and I might I wouldn't
want to add another thing here well what
would be the most common explanation for
the pizza gate coincidences that seem to
indicate there was some massive
pedophile ring the most common
explanation would be it's just a bunch
of coincidences that people have picked
out and if you had seen the whole
situation you would see that it's just a
situation with a lot of coincidences the
moon landing all right the moon landing
there was no anonymous source is it hard
to believe that we landed on the moon
well that doesn't seem hard to believe
because we're sending stuff into space
all the time we've got satellites you
know we watched a video even if you
think the video is faked
nobody has none of the astronauts have
commenced and you know broken ranks and
said how we faked that there were a lot
of people who would have been involved
and it would be weird if none of them
said it the most ordinary explanation is
that it was just what you saw that would
be the ordinary one it would be
extraordinary if we faked it and got
that would be extraordinary somebody
said 9/11 as an inside job well so we
don't have any I don't think we have any
anonymous sources involved in that if we
do don't believe them the hard to
believe story if you would it be hard to
believe that the United States flew two
two jets into its own assets meaning
something in the United States killed
3,000 people just to give us an excuse
for war that would be extraordinary what
would be a more reasonable explanation
the most reasonable explanation is it's
just what you saw the most reasonable
explanation somebody saying jet fuel of
melting steel beams so it's funny you
would ask that because yesterday
somebody was tweeting around a picture
from the California forest fires in the
California and forest fires pictures in
the aftermath showed a gigantic steel
beam that had melted in just the
ordinary fire and somebody said jet fuel
can't melt beams and no Geoff fuel here
it was just fired and melted this beam
so the most ordinary explanation is that
it's exactly what you thought and the
planes in it it's also the the other
people can't see it part now building
seven stands on its own building seven
does not have to be explained by whether
there was a terror attack or not a
terror attack because there's the the
essence of that conspiracy theory is
that building 7 was brought down because
there might have been something in there
that somebody didn't want to see I don't
know some that anyway there's nothing
about that story that sells me on it but
I couldn't rule out anything you do
well here's the thing if you have
engineers who say everything made sense
and you have other engineers who say
this could never have happened
I would believe the engineers who say it
makes sense that everything could have
happened just the way it was reported
the COO oh that the direct energy
weapons
yeah the directed energy weapon you know
the the acoustic weapon that was
allegedly used at the embassies that's a
good example of something that it would
be amazing if that were true which makes
it almost certainly not true but
building seven lends credence to one and
two not really not really I think
building seven has to be its own
questioned I need to watch more YouTube
well I'm not saying that conspiracy
theories are not persuasive that we are
all in a simulation hoax well that we
are all in a simulation argument is
based on statistics and and math ah
sorry I got terrible allergies today did
you see the story about the AI group I
guess you called to start up so Elon
Musk and Sam open and somebody else
Peter teal maybe they can't remember our
backing and AI startup which produced
such good artificial intelligence that
it could write prose that you can't
distinguish from a person and here's the
fun part of the story it was so good
that they decided not to release it
because it was dangerous meaning that
they didn't know what was going to
happen to humanity if they released an
AI that was so powerful it looked just
like people that is a scary scary thing
and fun at the same time but sort of
tells you where things are going
all right we talked about Jessie some
more day
have you tried affirmations on your
allergies my allergies will only last
for a few hours in the morning and then
I'll take care of them
III do have meds for and I just take
them after I do this sometimes the meds
yeah I do
I take well you don't need to be know
the details but I don't have allergies
in the afternoon typically all right um
that sounds a little fake don't know
which one you're talking about oh how
about Danny Williams Clinton's black son
doesn't test the visit past the hoax
test well first of all would it be an
amazing story if Bill Clinton had had
fathered somebody out of wedlock not
really right that would be sort of
normal so I would say that the the the
Danny story is more credible than most
given especially that he looks exactly
like Bill Clinton which would be a weird
coincidence cue definitely hoax
yeah so I would say the 9/11 as a as a
false flag attack I would call that a
hoax but building seven that's its own
story and I would say that's well baby
you know we may have had to destroy
something for some reason that we don't
understand but I would say that's far
from far from proven Oh what about the
theory that Justin what's his last name
Justin the Prime Minister of Canada what
about the theory that Castro is his
father I would say the odds of that are
very good
if you've seen the pictures of a young
Castro and a young Justin why am I
forgetting his last name they look like
the same person justin trudeau yeah if
you see Justin Trudeau as a teenager and
then a picture of Fidel Castro as a
teenager they're kind of the same person
the Obamas birth certificate Obama is a
citizen but there I do not rule out that
there might be some something unusual
about his birth certificate but I do
rule out any notion that he's not an
American citizen
Seth rich well let's look at the filter
do we have an anonymous source about
Seth rich we do not is it a hard to
believe story it is it's pretty hard to
believe that Hillary Clinton ordered a
hit on on an American citizen especially
one of her own people
that's hard to believe all right others
can't see it correct there are tons of
people who have looked at all the same
information and said now that doesn't
look convincing so if half of the
country can't see it that should tell
you something
is there an ordinary explanation that
fits the facts yes he got killed by
somebody who had a reason but it wasn't
the reason was not robbery or he got
killed because of her attempted robbery
but the killer didn't want to wait
around after the shot and ran away
yeah so I would say the Seth rich thing
fits the it definitely fits more likely
a hoax than not
so whenever you're saying to yourself so
if that's not a real story then why did
this happen if the answer to all of
those questions is I don't know could be
a reason somebody says the Scott is just
naive I'm gonna start blocking people
for calling me naive I could certainly
be wrong and I could certainly be under
informed but naive is really sort of
personal right so if you say there's
something I don't know and then you tell
me what that is I would say that's a
fair comment but if you're saying I'm
naive that's sort of a surrender so that
that's sort of a tell that you don't
have an argument if you say but Scott
look at this link I'd say well maybe you
have something I'll look at the link if
you say Scott your logic is wrong and
here's why I'd say well maybe you have
something but when you just say Scott
you're naive it means you don't have
anything all right
so up your game can we call you an
apologist apologist get blocked people
who call me that explain verses
infinities may be false by he's a
sentences and born here or not I'm just
saying that there may be some issue with
the birth certificate which doesn't
necessarily mean it's fake but there may
be an irregularity involved there that
doesn't mean anything probably there are
a lot of public records that have the
irregularities
somebody says young Fidel does not look
like Justin what was that are the
pictures of them side by side hoax
pictures because they might be which
would be funny yeah if the pictures I've
seen of a young Castro and the young
justin trudeau are not real pictures you
know if they're altered or there's
somebody else and I will change my
opinion do you think Julian Assange
would have mentioned Seth rich if there
was nothing there that's a good question
you can't rule out that that Assange was
trying to redirect our attention so is
there a reason that Assange which would
suggest the Seth rich was the source
when Seth rich was not the source is
there any explanation of why he would do
that and the answer is yeah to protect
his actual source there is a reason I'm
not suggesting that he did that I'm just
saying there's a reason and it would be
sort of a normal reason right it's
pretty normal to say hey look over there
that would be just a totally normal
reason when does my book come out
probably October WMDs in Iraq so we had
we had biased sources people who had
something to gain by telling us there
were WMD in Iraq we had it wasn't hard
to believe so it was a believable story
would others see it while others didn't
have access to all the information so
that one doesn't count
is there an ordinary explanation that
fits the facts yes there was the
ordinary explanation is that the
government was lying to you what is more
ordinary than the government is lying to
you it's the most ordinary explanation
you know what about the gell-mann
amnesia where you imagine that the news
is accurate on the things you don't
understand well that one's that one's
sort of applicable because didn't you
look at all the information about WMD in
Iraq and say well I don't know but they
seem to know and why would this be wrong
and the answer is the news is wrong
about everything
if you thought that the one thing the
news was right about was WMD in Iraq
that would be the hardest thing to know
so we should have we should have had her
antenna up because there was so much
certainty about something you couldn't
be certain about somebody got
temporarily blocked from commenting and
that was not anything I did is Russia
gate the biggest hoax in history well
maybe yeah the Russia thing certainly
fixes fits the hoax scenario is Michelle
Obama really a man no
somebody is talking about so Joe Rogan
got a lot of heat
recently for his interview with Jack
Dorsey and that caused a lot of people
to be mad at him in general the thing I
love about Joe Rogan is that he's not
afraid of anything you know you see this
is you see it in his career you see it
in his hobbies you see it in every part
of his being
he's just less afraid of stuff than you
are
he's certainly less afraid of stuff than
I am he does stuff that other people
wouldn't do because he's just less
afraid and it serves him well now when
you are less afraid to say things less
afraid to put yourself out there with an
opinion you're gonna create a body of
work that includes some stuff where you
were wrong
you you you notice that in the beginning
of this periscope right so if you put
yourself out there as I do
it comes with the territory that you're
going to be publicly and embarrassingly
wrong on a fairly regular basis so if
you say that he's crazy or wrong about
some particular topic or not you might
be right you might be wrong but it
doesn't change what we love about Joe
Rogan what we love about him is that
when you see his opinion it's gonna be
honest right how many people do you
watch in any public sense that when he
when he or she expresses an opinion you
at least know it's honest right could be
wrong could be right but at least it's
an actual opinion that's actually kind
of rare and I would say that Rogen's
popularity is completely earned he
earned it by putting putting himself out
there taking the risk being wrong when
he's wrong you know correcting what he
needs to correct
he apologizes when he needs to apologize
but he sort of he lives a
a less risk-averse life than most of us
and you're just seeing the natural
output from their gulf of tonkin yeah
that's a good example of the government
lying to his people microdose eh I don't
know about that JFK assassination
conspiracy
well the JFK thing is really sort of a
special case because it would the the
event the event that we know happened is
so unusual that it's already into you
know hard to believe category even
though we know I happened but um there
were enough people who wanted to kill
Kennedy who had the means I mean the the
thing that was different about Kennedy
is so many people wanted to kill him you
know
LBJ may be CIA maybe Hoover you know
maybe the Russians so I would say the
probable explanation for the JFK mur is
that it was Oswald working on his own
that's the probable explanation but I
would say in this one case you couldn't
completely rule out any other
involvement you really couldn't I see
people asking me to focus my talents on
debunking charlottesville I am doing
just that so do you remember yesterday I
said I'm a sort of a public figure and
I'm gonna say an outrageous thing and
watch it and not be reported in the news
and so I did I did this experiment right
in front of you and so far so good and
what I said was that a major news story
that has been reported as fact for three
years meaning that the the idea that the
president called white supremacists fine
people that that fake news I'm gonna
call out as a hoax
in public you know on periscope and that
you could watch as that is not reported
in any other anti-trump you know it
might be reported in some conservative
thing but watch how it's ignored by the
anti-trump media and ask yourself is
there any other situation in which a
public figure somebody who's at least as
public as I am could call a major news
story that's considered a fact could
call that a hoax and give reasons and
it's not reported it's pretty unusual
and so I told you I was gonna do it
right in front of you I'd say it again
the Charlottesville story is a hoax the
way it has been reported on CNN and
MSNBC because the president was
obviously if you if you'd step back a
little bit it's obvious that when he
said they were fine people on both sides
he meant both sides of the statue
question and indeed there are fine
people on both sides of the statue
question but there are no fine people
who were marching with torches and
saying anti-semitic things so to imagine
that the president was talking about
that group is false it's ridiculous
it's defining our it defines the Trump
derangement syndrome it's the primary
element of Trump derangement syndrome so
here's here's somebody saying so there
weren't Nazis in Charlottesville do you
have bad reading comprehension Wayne
what Wayne comes in he goes so so are
you saying there were no Nazis in
Charlottesville no Wayne I said the
opposite of that notice how you can't
actually hear it so the people who were
experiencing cognitive dissonance when I
tell them you know it's sort of obvious
that he was referring to both sides of
the statue question the first time you
hear that if you're like Wayne and
you're thinking no I've been hearing for
three years that he was talking about
the Nazis that I can't be wrong about
that
if that happened to you you saw wave
just get triggered into cognitive
dissonance
now the Telfer cognitive dissonance is
that you construct a world that tries to
make sense without you being wrong after
you've been proven wrong
so wayne is so obviously and clearly
wrong because once you hear the
explanation it's obvious he didn't mean
the the nazis i mean the president
wasn't talking about the nazis being
good people as soon as you hear it you
you're triggered into cognitive
dissonance if you've been listening
mostly to that as reported as fact for
three years so imagine you're waiting
and you heard that it was a fact that
the president called the nazis fine
people for three years you've been told
that's the fact and then you hear me
tell you in thirty seconds
why is a ridiculous non fact and you
know as soon as you hear me say it you
know my explanation rings true right you
can feel it you're like oh shoot yes it
is obvious he was talking about both
sides of the statue question why is it
obvious cuz he clarified it when asked
about it and he was very clear no i'm i
disavow those guys completely i'm not
talking about them being good people now
has this president ever backed away from
a controversial opinion before it's not
something he does if he believed that
there were fine people in that group of
marching anti-semites he would have said
so because remember there's somebody
else here says you're grasping you're
grasping so that's another person who's
triggered into cognitive dissonance and
you could watch it here in real time so
Wayne you you have something to struggle
with you have to struggle with why let's
look at the hoax identification here
let's take Charlottesville our center an
example so there weren't any anonymous
sources involved
it was a public event is it is it hard
to believe that a sitting president
decided to consciously praise racists
were marching against his own family
they were chanting against Trump's own
family and do you believe that he went
on television for the people who hate
his family and said oh there's some good
people in the group who hate my family
and hate it all you know all people who
are not white white I guess is that
likely no that would be the most hard to
believe story of all time so that should
have been your first tip Wayne Wayne
when you saw that tip as soon as you saw
the story you should have said to
yourself well that doesn't sound right
[Music]
[Laughter]
then there's the the others can't see it
most of the people on this periscope
can't see what you see Wayne we're
looking at exactly the same story and we
don't see it if there's somebody who
sees it and somebody who can't see it
and you're looking you know you're
looking at the same stuff generally you
want to believe the people who couldn't
see it is there an ordinary explanation
that fits the facts well yes there is
the most ordinary explanation is that he
was talking about both sides of the
statue question what would be more
ordinary than talking about the topic
exactly the way he always talked about
the topic that's the most ordinary
explanation yeah I was I was talking
about both sides of the statue question
and then when you asked me I clarified
it totally ordinary right then there's
the Gelman amnesia effect Wayne if you
were famous as I am or if you were an
expert on the topic that the news covers
you would understand how often the news
is wrong Wayne you may be hypnotized by
the news into thinking that they're
usually right oh yes sometimes they're
wrong but they're usually right that's
reverse Wayne turn that upside down the
news is
usually wrong the news is usually wrong
how do I know that just talk to anybody
who is an expert on whatever the topic
is that the news is talking about if you
find somebody who has personally
involved somebody who's an expert on
that somebody who's actually the subject
of the reporting estimate how how
accurate the news is it's wrong about 85
85 percent of it time so Wayne you fell
for a hoax and you're experiencing some
cognitive dissonance right now and so
you're saying things like are you saying
there were no Nazis there that's your
tell because clearly nobody said that
you're actually imagining something that
didn't happen because that's what
cognitive dissonance does it if it
changes your argument until you can be
right about something so you're trying
to be right about the attendance of
neo-nazis never was part of the question
everybody saw it on TV we all agree that
there were Nazis there Wayne I want to
tell you about an interesting experiment
I did that maybe you can try at home and
it goes like this have you ever have you
gotten in a debate with somebody where
it's sort of like whack-a-mole and
they'll make a claim and then you'll
debunk it and then once you've debunked
their claim and let's let's say there's
a link and it's just it's just clearly
debunked what does the person you're
arguing with do when you are thoroughly
debunked their best point about a topic
do they change their mind
no never what they do is they go to
their second point if you can debunk
that they'll go to their third point and
if you can debunk that their fourth etc
eventually they'll run out of points
once you have debunked so all of
somebody's points let's say there are
five good points of whatever their
opinion is and you don't bonk all five
what do they do and I'm wondering if
you've noticed do they change their mind
because they had five points and you
debunk them in order they do not they
start over on the top
they they start at the top of the list
as if you hadn't ever talked about it
and it was only like five minutes ago
and they just go back to the top and you
go what's going on here
I just did bumped that so I did an
experiment the other day and I'm not
gonna give you any details of it I'm
just gonna describe it in a gentle way I
was in that situation where I was going
through the five and then they were just
repeating and I said I'm gonna try an
experiment and the experiment goes like
this I'm gonna write down what I say
about the first item on the list and
it's gonna be on this piece of paper I'm
gonna show you what I wrote down I'm
gonna make you repeat it out loud so
that you know what I wrote down and then
I'm going to say I'm gonna make you
forget what's on this piece of paper
just one sentence just one sentence on
the topic I'm gonna make you forget this
within two minutes and I fold it up and
I put it down and then I go through the
list and I go debunk this debunk this
debunk this and then of course they
looped around to the top of the list and
I said wait why are you talking about
this first point because it's already
been debunked and the person I'm talking
to looked at me as though they didn't
know what I was talking about and then I
took the piece of paper and I said you
remember two minutes ago I said I was
gonna make you forget what's on this
piece of paper and I held up the piece
of paper and the person looked at it
like they'd never seen it before
and I said watch this I'm gonna do it
again read this read this piece of paper
and I'm gonna make you forget it within
two minutes put it down
took them back through the five reasons
the same as last time
all five reasons were debunked person
came back to the top one reiterated the
top reason and I said did you see what
happened do you remember that I just
told you I was gonna make this you
forget what's on this piece of paper and
I could do it repeatedly I can do it as
many times as we go through the cycle
and I said what's on the piece of paper
and the person couldn't tell me and keep
in mind that what was on the paper piece
of paper was very simple it wasn't the
type of thing you can't remember for two
minutes and then I said
watch me do it a third time I went
through it a third time and I said
what's on the piece of paper and the
person couldn't remember and then I did
it a fourth time four times they
couldn't remember when they got to the
top of the list what was on the paper
now I have imagined that I could
reproduce this test before I've imagined
it but I never actually did it
and you have to do it with an actual
piece of paper because if you do it with
the words I've tried it with words and
it doesn't work and I'll and the way you
do it with words is you'll say we just
talked about this and I already and I
already debunked it and the person will
say no you didn't we didn't talk about
this and you didn't debunk it they say
okay well let me do it now now you
remember right so you don't have to say
this again because now we've agreed that
that's debunked we can talk about your
next point you can get people to say yes
but when they circle back to that first
point they will swear to you that you
never had that conversation and it will
be as if it's fresh and there was their
beginning the conversation they knew so
if you don't write it down and you don't
show it to them and you don't make them
read it out loud and you don't call it
out and say I'm gonna make you forget
this in two minutes
fold it up put it aside and then take it
out in two minutes to say look I made
you forget that just like I said try it
at home it's amazing you know you'll I
think you'll know when you reach this
situation now as a trained hypnotist
it's not surprising to me it it played
out exactly the way I imagined it would
play out to you it will be mind-boggling
like you won't believe what you're
seeing right in front of you and of
course it only works if you really can
debunk somebody's points if you can't
debunk them then maybe the other person
is just right who trained you well I'm a
trained hypnotist I took a hypnosis
class when I was in my 20s it was a
course and hadn't learned to be
hypnotist
you know what I'll bet I can do this
live you know I'll think about doing
this I'm going to be taking more I'm
going to be taking more Collins there's
there's a feature that needs to be fixed
on this guest feature within periscope
so if I invite guests in when I'm in
that mode and you have to be in that
mode before you start the periscope so
if you start the periscope with guests
being invited you can't also tweet it to
Twitter so people don't know that the
periscopes happening so that you know I
only get half as much traffic when I
when I invite guests so as soon as
that's handled then I'll invite more
guests yeah I can definitely do this
live so the way I'd do it live is I
would say here's my debunking I'm gonna
write it right here and and I'll keep it
here right right behind me and then I'll
say I'm gonna make you forget this while
people are watching I'll write it on the
board and I'll say watch I'm gonna make
you forget this one sentence here it
ever happened and then I'll do it right
in front of you it'll be amazing you
won't even believe it I swear to god you
will you will think that I'm working
with somebody that I know or something
you will completely not believe that I'm
really doing it so we did we discussed
small a already at the start schedule it
so we know the day or time I'm not that
well organized
can you give a concrete example what
topic yes let's say let's say Russia
collusion so somebody says so somebody
says it's obvious that the president was
colluding with Russia so you say what
would be your evidence and they'll say
well man afford did something or you
know one of these other players did
something and you'll say would you agree
that they are not the president they'll
say well yes and then you go to point
number two but Russia they're trolls
were interfering with the election well
do you agree that there's no evidence
tying that to the president well yes I
do
but there's more evidence so you can go
right through the list and when you're
done and you've debunked all of them as
not relevant to the central point the
claim that President himself was
colluding when he gets the point they
will start back up with Manafort and and
you will once again say but Manafort was
doing his own thing and this does not
have any any connection to the president
that has been demonstrated so that would
be that would be one so you could write
that on the board
I could write Paul Manafort did his own
thing not related to the president I
just write it down take them through the
arguments and at the end they'll come
back to Manta for and you'll say well
you forgot it you forgot that one do you
think people that do this are stupid
no that's the interesting part your your
your reflex when I talk about this is to
assume that I'm talking about dumb
people right I'm that's the normal thing
you think wow these people are so dumb
they can't remember what you said a
minute ago they you know unfortunately
intelligence is completely unrelated to
what I'm talking about and in fact you
could argue that intelligent people are
more likely to experience
negative dissonance because they get a
little more let's say a little more
invested in their own opinion so it's
harder for them to imagine that they
could be wrong if you're dumb and
somebody corrects you you probably say
to yourself well I'm dumb I probably got
that wrong I'll just change my mind
I think dumb people are far more likely
to just say yeah I've been dumb ten
times this morning already so the odds
of me being dumb on this or well pretty
good I'll just change my opinion smart
people are more likely to argue from
cognitive dissonance in my that's in my
experience I will not claim that as a
scientific truth could it be done to you
yes so somebody said could the same
experiment be done to me and in theory
yes because there's nothing that I'm
aware of that would make me extra immune
to it the the only thing that I maybe
have as an Armour against that is that I
I assume I could be wrong all the time
so I try to keep with me the assumption
that I could be very wrong and by the
way those of you who missed the first
part of this periscope got to see it in
real time
I made a I made a a clear statement of
fact that was completely wrong and the
commenters pointed it out and you saw my
reaction in real-time
my reaction in real-time is Oh a bunch
of people that disagree with something
I'm positive is true I'm gonna check and
it didn't take more than thirty seconds
for someone to send me a link that
proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that I
was wrong one minute ago completely
wrong about a key fact so I think I can
demonstrate that you've seen it live
that I respond to
you know I respond to new information by
changing my mind and that I went into it
and you saw it in real time right you
watched me do it
you watched me go from complete
certainty to whoa
new information okay I'm open to that
and then changed my mind right in front
of you so if you can't do that
you shouldn't trust your own if you
haven't watched yourself change your
opinion as as markedly as I just watched
it and you all watched it right in front
of you if you don't have that experience
with yourself I don't know if you can
trust your own opinions can people be
trained to see being wrong as positive I
think they can they can be trained to
see being wrong as not not a damage to
who they are in other words they can get
their ego out of it which is just as
good Engineers do it wrong is useful
yeah I think it is useful to be wrong
because every time you're wrong and you
learn it you learn something about the
limitations of your own perceptions and
that's good
yeah I think cognitive dissonance
happens when your ego is conflated with
who you are if you imagine that your
sense of your ego is actually the person
you are and your ego and you are
basically the same person you're likely
to have more cognitive dissonance I
think because you would more likely want
to redefine the world than to imagine
that you were wrong about something
I live a largely ego free existence
despite all evidence to the contrary
because as many of you have pointed out
Scott you act arrogant and what's the
other word narcissistic and the answer
is of course I do because when that's
useful I ramp up by my ego and when my
ego would be a problem I intentionally
ramp it down you saw it again in the
beginning of this periscope the moment
people said no you're wrong I took my
ego offline he actually saw it in real
time
when I was when I started the periscope
was I not full of my usual arrogance and
self-confidence if you want to call it
that you saw in live right you saw it in
real time you saw me come in with my
normal level of overconfidence that's
intentional if you're gonna do this sort
of thing you need to ramp up your
confidence a little higher than it is
normally because the audience doesn't
want to see you lacking confidence it's
not a fun show so it's a tool I ramped
up my confidence to do these periscopes
the moment there was a there was a
factual question in play as in did I get
a fact wrong you watched me in real time
take my ego offline I just took it
offline and said maybe let's look at it
all right I allowed that I could be
wrong and in less than a minute
determined that I was completely wrong
completely changed my opinion in real
time right in front of you now the
answer the question is do I feel bad
first about being so wrong nope because
my ego is offline
my ego and to that question I did I
could be wrong you know being wrong is
not something that's going to make me go
cry I mean I've been wrong a lot I am
that's it is it a humble brag though yes
yes it is but somewhat unintentional in
this particular case how do you not feel
embarrassment practice so some of it is
practice I have embarrassed myself in
public more of them any of you ever will
and the more you do it the more you have
this experience I embarrass myself
terribly yesterday huh yet my coffee
tastes exactly the same you know you
sort of realize that it's just all in
your head and then a day later your body
is the same your life is the same most
embarrassments don't make any difference
and you learn that over time it just
takes a long time the other part of that
is putting yourself in embarrassing
situations so you have to practice
embarrassment and practice changing your
ego by putting yourself in situations
where you have to do that.i one of the
things I do is I try to be involved in
at least something that I'm
unambiguously bad at at the moment I'm
trying to learn to play the drums
I am unambiguously bad at music so the
entire experience of trying to learn the
drums is one of ego management where I
have to I have to learn that I'm
genuinely bad at this and then do it
anyway and then you know kind of live in
a world in which everything I do in this
realm is embarrassing
and it doesn't matter now the other good
thing for managing your ego is mushrooms
now I'm not recommending anybody take
any
I'm not a doctor and you should not take
recommendations from cartoonists on
periscope but it is nonetheless true
that having taken mushrooms only once in
my life but it changes your entire view
of reality because when you take
mushrooms you experience a reality in
which all the physical stuff is the same
you know I would still know what a
coffee mug is I would still know why you
why it exists I understand my
environment but under mushrooms you see
it as a completely new thing and it
helps you understand that your ego is is
a perception and that you can you can
reimagine your entire existence and
everything still works so if you don't
like the way you see your existence you
can actually just reprogram it until it
looks different to you and you learn
that if you if you've used a
hallucinogen and you never you never
unlearn that it's something you learn
from the one experience and you never
lose that knowledge the knowledge that
everything you see is an impression it's
a it's an interpretation of your world
and you can just reinterpret it somebody
says I have fermented mushrooms in a jar
I'm scared to try them I don't recommend
anybody try mushrooms on their own from
some unknown bag of mushrooms it's some
dangerous stuff
did it scare you I was afraid of the
mushrooms before taking them just
because of the unknown but once taken it
was nothing but literally the best day
of my life and I say that often but it
bears repeating the one time I took
mushrooms it was the best day of my life
but I don't recommend it
alright it gives you ego well that was
not my experience my experience was that
it diminished it how old was I I was 21
Scott but what if you had a bad trip you
know what's interesting I believe there
is such a thing as bad trips I will tell
you that anecdotally I've never heard of
anybody having one on mushrooms that
doesn't mean that it's safe and you
should not take that as as evidence that
it is likewise I know quite a few people
who have done or continue to do LSD and
I've never actually heard of somebody
having a bad experience I'm sure it's
true that clearly there must be people
who have had bad experiences but it
doesn't seem common that's all I know
for sure I can say for sure it's not
common I can't tell you what the actual
risk is why not do it again if best
that's a good question
why would I not do it again and the
answer is there's always some risk and I
believe that the benefits one can get
from hallucinogens come primarily the
first time I think it's an 8020 rule the
the first time you do a hallucinogen you
get 80% of the lifetime benefits because
you've experienced life
through a different filter maybe for the
first time and that changes everything
about how you process your life from
that point on and you realize that
there's a different way to look at stuff
that is also valid I wouldn't get that
benefit if I did it again I would just
have a good time and it might be some
extra risk involved so I wouldn't maybe
not
want to have some extra risk just for a
good time
your uncle climbed a statue on LSD and
broke both legs that's why you don't
want to do it alone
just one reason all right I saw a guy
who was supposedly stuck for life after
thinking he's an orange yeah it does
seem to me that there are real risks I
just don't know what they are do you
think Zuckerberg and micro doses
probably not
Trump uses his ego as a tool that is
correct that is correct he dials his ego
up and down as he needs it
now the only loosened agenda I've ever
done is mushrooms one time when I was 21
that's it all right I'm gonna end right
here and I will talk to you all later