no all those stocks going
down we can't have
that not on
Halloween not on
Halloween but we can have a great show
today it'll be a great great show but
first I have to play with this
cat hold on
get over here get over here come on come
on I
gotcha if you're just listening I'm
playing with a
cat it's a digital
cat you think there's something under
there but there's
not all right enough of that
[Music]
well everybody Welcome to the highlight
of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that you
can't even understand with your tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a copper mugger a glass a tanker
cheler Stein a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dope being here the day
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous St and happens
now
delicious well as you might have noticed
I'm wearing my Halloween
costume it's a part Casper the ghost
part uh Trump supporter bag of garbage
really it's the same costume you put a
whole you put couple of eye holes in a
white garbage bag and here either a
ghost or possibly a trump
supporter that's right I hope you've got
your garbage costumes ready I can't wear
this
though going to be a
little little
uncomfortable maybe less garbage there
we
go there we go
all right well did you know that studies
have suggested that drinking coffee May
lower your risk of liver disease that's
right how's your risk of liver disease
would you like to lower it watch
this liver disease be
gone got
it okay took care of that there's a
study in s poost you'll never believe
this this is going to take a little bit
of preparation because uh science has a
shocker for
you high fluid intelligence boosts your
ability to accept corrected
misinformation that's right now when I
take this new study about how smart
people
can take in new information and
potentially improve their opinions I say
to myself wait a minute when you look at
the entire context it's starting to
look almost like being intelligent has
advantages it's almost like being smart
makes you
smart I don't know we'll have to look
into that a little bit more but it's h
shocking to find out that smart people
can do things that uh quote that smart
people can do
yes well here's your fake story of the
day I like fake stories that have been
fake since I was a child and nobody's
got on to them yet right here's a fake
story that is it's updated all the time
but it's the same fake story since I was
a little kid we used to we used to talk
about it at the dinner table and my
parents thought it was
real and so do your parents and so did
most of you you all think this is real
uh the story is that Boeing allegedly
overcharged the military
8,000% for an airplane soap dispensers
for airplane soap dispensers Popular
Science Now what is what is fake about
that do anybody know the answer
is that's what it
cost if you make an airplane with lots
of the same stuff you can lower the cost
by having a permanent assembly line and
and making those things every day and
then the cost per unit goes down and
down and down but if you've got just a
few airplanes
and they need a new part and even if
that new part should cost
$1 it's still going to cost them
$100,000 to rebuild the you know the uh
let's say the assembly line they might
even have to hire somebody they probably
have to contract it out they've got to
redesign it they've got to fit it they
got to test it so that's actually just
what it costs so the the fake news is
they're not charging you $8,000 or
whatever the number is they're not
charging you $88,000 for something that
cost a dollar they're charging $88,000
for something that cost them
$88,000 now you could argue well they
should have kept up their assembly line
the whole time so that it would cost the
dollar to which I'd say to do what to
sit there doing nothing all the time why
would anybody have an assembly line just
in case somebody needed uh to replace
their airplane soap
dispenser you wouldn't so it's just one
of those situations where there is an
any economical way to
have plenteous of spare parts of the
unimportant stuff for a very expensive
item that there are many of so that's
been fake news since I was a little bit
of a kid the the things we used to get
excited about when I was a kid is we'd
watch um you you turn on the TV and
you'd see
wrestling and I'd be a little kid and
I'd say that's obviously fake wrestling
that wrestling is all fake why do people
believe that's real and then we'd watch
a uh a fashion show you know you you see
all the fashion show and it be like and
now the most beautiful woman in the
world will show you that she can wear
piece of garbage and then she'll walk
out and like her garbage outfit with you
know yellow sticky tags and license
plates glued to her and then we'd sit at
home because we were like unintelligent
people
yeah we didn't know much in our little
town of Windham and we sit there
watching and do you know what we would
say we'd say nobody's going to buy that
dress nobody's going to buy a a garbage
hat a license plate dress what are they
thinking and boy are we at home so much
smarter than the people who thought that
a licens plade dress would make a good
idea I mean come on and then later you
grow up and you find out that they don't
plan to sell a license play dress no
they just wanted you to watch the show
and do things like say who would ever
want a license plate dress from that
company whose name I totally remember
now and then you figure out
oh wrestling's not real all of it and
maybe those fashion shows are just so
you'll pay attention ah and maybe that
soap to Spenser actually cost $1,000 to
make
maybe uh there's some research from
fizz. org showing that uh out of home
activities have declined since the
pandemic uh that would match my own
experience something under
here my own experience is
that uh I barely leave the
house but in my case a different
situation but um what do you think is
left out of this story if you saw some
research that said people are spending
less time out of their home what would
you
conclude
well one possibility is people have less
money I don't know if you thought of
that they're working their jobs and
they're coming home tired working two
jobs and coming home tired and they
don't have money to go out to to go to a
restaurant and they don't have money to
go to the movies and they don't have
money to go to the
lake
so I think it's just
money I don't know my my guess is if
everybody had twice as much money
tomorrow a lot more people would eat at
restaurants so I'm going to go with
money being the main thing here but I
think we also got trained to do less so
there's could be more than one
reason well Trump reportedly told Yahoo
this is according to the Daily Caller
that Israel needs to finish the Gaza War
by the time he takes office so that
would be you know late January do you
think that really
happened well we don't know but the
daily callor they might have some good
sources maybe um do you think it would
make sense for Trump to tell Netanyahu
that he needs to finish the war before
he gets into place yes it does so I
don't know that the source is good but I
can tell you it feels like something
he'd say here's why it's something he'd
say and I'm going to teach you a
persuasion trick right
now um looking at your
comments something happening in the
comments
okay um here's a here's what you need to
know um the fake deadline is one of the
best persuasion tricks you could ever
use
use
um uh I I've used it quite a few times
and the way it works is you say uh you
have to be done by this date because
there's a thing now it doesn't matter
what the thing is and it doesn't matter
who you're talking to for reasons that
are completely irrational humans are
trained to do things by deadlines so if
you need something to get done you just
have to give a deadline even if it's
just made up
now Trump taking office is sort of a
madeup deadline meaning that there's no
logical reason that a war across the
world should end when he takes office
but if you can sell it as a reason
because it's a
deadline what's the reason it's a
deadline I'm taking office yeah I know
but like why but why do we have to do it
by then because it's the deadline you
see I'm taking office so want to get it
done by the deadline it doesn't make any
sense but you can actually get things
done that really really need to get done
and this would be one of
them simply by treating it as a deadline
when it's not that's a real that's a
real TR trick I've used it a number of
times and you can use it with um I
shouldn't tell you this because you're
all going to use this trick now have you
ever had a uh contractor or a builder
who's doing a project at your house it
looks like there's no end to
it come up with a fake
deadline you tell them in nine days I'm
going to have a party here and this
place can't be torn apart and then
they'll say oh oh oh and then they'll
finish in nine days you know like 8.9
days but if you don't give them a
deadline nothing happens people manage
to deadlines we're we're just
automatically built to do that so so if
Trump gave him a deadline
that would be smart because it would
look because then he could say uh just
the fear of me was enough to make them
stop the war do you think Israel would
like Trump to look powerful enough that
just the the threat of him being back in
office is enough to start a war stop a
war and the answer is yes I think
Netanyahu would be perfectly happy to
send the message that that Trump has the
power to stop a war in the Middle East
now even if it's not true that since
they're allies it it sort of empowers
his ally that's always good so
everything about this is smart if it's
true it's fog of War so we don't know if
reports like this are true but if it is
it was the right
play the artificial deadline also a fake
because same kind of thing well Martha
Stewart apparently there's a Netflix
documentary that she approved before she
saw it and then she saw it now she
doesn't like it but that's everything we
like about Martha
Stewart I I like that she approved a
documentary and then I like that she
panned it when it was
ready those are the two things I like
about her She's Not Afraid of Anything
apparently not afraid of anything but
she's also not afraid to tell you her
opinion okay so I will definitely be
watching that um apparently one of of
the conversations was there's some kind
of classical music playing at one point
and she thought it would have been
better as hip-hop music and I'm thinking
to
myself how bet she's
right I'll bet the I'll bet the filmaker
was wrong and I'll bet she was right
that that would have been better with
hip-hop I'll bet she's right she's not
wrong that
often well have you seen the the
pictures of Joe eating a baby's
foot I'm not making this up there's
there's a picture of Joe Biden who's uh
having fun with Somebody's Baby they're
holding their baby and the baby has
socks on and he takes the baby's foot
and he puts it fully in his mouth you
know to make a joke to the baby and I'm
sure the baby remembered
it or maybe the ba the baby became a
trump supporter from that day day on or
maybe Biden just likes baby feet we
don't know but what I like best about it
is you know I love the idea that Biden
is is the uh is is the force working
against Harris because he's all mad that
he got pushed out and I like him waking
up in the morning and
say what can I do today to totally
destroy the chances of Comm Harris
becoming president well well uh Mr
President you'll be meeting with a
number of uh mothers with young
babies hello young babies you say yes
they'll be holding the babies and uh
we're not going to prevent you from
being too close to them really so I'm so
done with my term that I can get close
to children now yep we don't even care
and and you can make K Harris look bad
because she pushed you out all right I'm
going to go put some baby feet in my
mouth and get your cameras ready baby
feet bring them
on that's right I like to think that Joe
Biden is
really not a mentally diminished man but
a
genius a
genius all right well so Biden's eating
babies and uh the Asians are eating pets
uh but he did not eat a pet and the
Asians didn't really eat any pets either
that's just something that people said
that's not something that happened as
far as I know the RCP average in polling
has Trump up in eight out of Nine States
I guess Harris is slightly up in
Michigan but too close to call uh eight
eight out of nine states are they the
important ones so that would suggest
that Trump is about to have the biggest
election we've seen in a long time and
would absolutely
annihilate uh the
competitor but we'll see because we
don't believe polls and we don't believe
elections so Anything Could Happen
meanwhile we've got some new economic
numbers let's see New Economic numbers
just came in and it's a week before the
election and the numbers are coming from
the government
that is under the control of one party
which is running in the election that is
this week I wonder if the numbers will
look
good hey they do good news people good
news and a totally credible dump of
economic news the GDP is at 2.8 or
something like that that's good and uh
let's see the economic activity is
picked up
3.7% growth Pace in the third quarter uh
we've got uh jobless claims they they're
not as uh high as they could have been
it's a low since
20124 does anybody believe any economic
news a week before the election you
should
not if you wanted to place your bet on
economic news that is most likely to be
revised revised in the bad Direction
later I would say this would be a right
at the top of your
list might be true it might be that
every one of these numbers is true the
odds of it are really low because this
is the lying season times 10 everything
you hear in in this week should be a lie
because the lies should be too powerful
um to be ignored and the truth will be
weak the truth will be sort of weak and
repetitive and we've already heard the
truth a few times so anything that's a
lie is just going to be like a screaming
giant spotlighted you know meteor of
volcanic sunlike stupid
analogies uh so everything you see this
week just put a question mark next to it
and and wait just wait doesn't matter
what it
is well Joe Rogan uh his interview with
the president uh looks like it may have
crossed a 100 Mill million views if you
add together all the different uh
platforms that it's on um and it does it
does look like the evidence would
suggest that YouTube uh tried to hide
it now I wasn't in the room when YouTube
made their decisions and I
suppose I suppose there could be a an
innocent reason why you couldn't search
for it without finding anything but
Clips taken of context you couldn't find
the whole video and it was their biggest
video like ever or second V biggest I
guess and uh but that looks like that
got uh fixed and Spotify let uh Elon
Musk put the whole thing on X and so uh
Joe's YouTube channel got 41 million
views his X Channel got 18 million views
uh and on elon's as a staggering 39
million views
and they're guessing that Spotify might
have at least 5 million so that would
put it at over 100 million
views but not to be outdone Comm Harris
had uh almost a
million on her podcast almost 1
million now we're supposed to believe
that this election's going to be
close Trump beat Harris on a let's say a
free competitive field meaning that both
of them could have done any podcast they
wanted Trump picked the number one
podcast in the world went on it for
three hours and exactly the way the
podcast host wanted it to go at his
place as long as he wanted talk about
anything got a 100 million views so far
K Harris acted like K Harris chose the
second biggest podcast apparently and
managed to get fewer than
1% of the views of
trump now this was a direct competition
this was two people in the same game
playing at the same time with all the
same tools Trump beat her 100 to
one just think about that this was a
direct competition who can get the most
people to watch me on a podcast that's
available widely and easily and for free
it's free remember there's there's not
even a uh any kind of pay wall is
free and everybody has access everybody
knew that she was that the Harris was
doing hers everybody knew that Trump did
his that's as close as you can get to a
direct competition he beat her 100 to
one 100 to
one
people in a direct Fair competition
where you just had to be smart and
capable as a politician he beat her 100
to
one oh my God we've never seen anything
like this nothing like
this meanwhile KL Harris is giving a
speech and she says unlike Donald Trump
I don't believe people who disagree with
me are the enemy of the people and he
wants to put them in jail I'll give them
a seat at my table well none of that's
true and you all know it uh because as
Sha Davis points out quote you are at
this very moment trying to put Donald
Trump in jail that is a
fact that we all believe that the um
laware is coordinated by the Democrats
so connecting them I think is a
completely Fair connection uh if the if
the Biden Administration did not want
Trump to be lawf fared he wouldn't be we
all know that it's a Soros prosecutor
situation so yes k Harris is doing the
worst thing you could ever do in this
country which is jailing people who are
political enemies and then the second
worst thing is blaming the people that
she's going to try to jail as being the
people who are trying to jail people so
not only do you murder somebody but you
accuse them of being a murderer I'm
going to rape you and accuse you of
raping me that's what she's
doing she might be one of the worst
people in the
world in the whole world now this I
wasn't really following the whole thing
about Trump saying he would use the
military to jail his
enemies uh and the reason I didn't pay
attention to it because as soon as I
heard it I said oh he didn't say that
that's that's just something out of
context so I finally listened to it
because I've been hearing about it but I
had hear and sure enough it's obviously
out of
context it's just some they made up
like the F people hoax and drinking
bleach hoax and every other the suckers
and losers hoax is just one more of
their hoaxes no he did never he never
suggested bringing in the military
against his personal political enemies
the military was in case there was like
a riot like the like January 6 so that's
exactly what everybody wants him to do
make sure there's no riots but no he was
not going to have the military arrest
Nancy Pelosi that's not the plan and and
and there's
no Republican would be in favor of that
unless there were crimes if there are
crimes and there's really really good
evidence of the crimes yes yes
the you know crimes have to be
handled so at
uh of course uh then we have the story
of the uh comedian who made the garbage
comments about Puerto Rico but then Joe
Biden made the mistake of calling all uh
Trump supporters garbage now you might
say to me Scott are you saying that he
meant that or was he misspeaking and
talking about the things they were
saying were garbage well since the
Democrat leadership are all lying racist
pieces of I choose the I choose the
interpretation that makes them look the
worst and so oh yeah totally called
everybody
garbage and whether they called us that
or not I believe they think that so it
doesn't matter whether she said it or
not she thinks it and so what does uh
president Trump do ex-president Trump
somehow within hours they had a brand
new clean looking dump truck with a
trump uh Vance sign on it a political
sign Trump shows up with a garbage man's
outfit and then gets on the truck it
becomes the you know the greatest visual
of the campaign uh and then he wears his
his garbage outfit to the rally and does
the entire rally wearing the garbage
outfit and then and then when the YMCA
comes on the the song YMCA he stands in
front of a packed rally crowd wearing
his garbage man's
outfit and he danced to the YMCA
people
people we've now seen Trump go into a
black barber shop totally comfortable
ruled we've watched him work at
McDonald's not only did he pull it off
it was one of the greatest political
stunts of all time and now we've watched
him dress as a garbage man and do a
rally and and dance to
YMCA I submit to you that there is no
situation you can put Trump in where he
doesn't
win he seems to be able to command every
room in every situation remember when he
he was on Saturday Night Live back in
2016 and you I said he was you know did
amazing every situation there is nothing
that makes that man feel awkward and
there's nothing that can make him not
look cool do you remember the rap pack I
mean there were for my time but the rack
had lots of problems you know they were
Drinkers and smokers and God knows what
but they always seem cool no matter what
they were doing even when it wasn't cool
like how do they do that everything you
do is cool and Trump has that he's got
that rat pack thing where it just
doesn't matter what he does somehow he
can make every
setup make him look good how does he do
that how does that anybody do
that that the the level of media Mastery
that we're seeing is
completely um let's say under
appreciated but in 20 years when people
look back at Trump's campaigning they're
going to say that was the standard and
it can never be Wren he he will be held
out as a thing that nobody can touch and
that's that's guaranteed and it doesn't
even matter how the election goes he
he's already just set the standard Do
You Remember When U who was the guy who
got taken out by being the tank who was
the one who rode around in the tank what
was his name the uh Massachusetts uh
politician whose name we can't even
remember which is really getting to my
point I can't even remember his
name du cauas thank
you so so duus gets in a tank puts on an
army helmet and drives the tank
around all right let me ask you this
could Trump pull that off could Trump
pull that off get in the tank and ride
around with the that no nobody could
pull that off so he doesn't do
it nobody could pull that off so Trump
doesn't do things like that there are
certainly things that you can't pull off
you you couldn't would have Trump show
up in a Donald Duck outfit because
remember they were calling him Donald
Duck for ducking some stuff no he can't
show up in a Donald Duck outfit he can't
literally do anything but his ability to
choose what he can do even of difficult
seeming things and make them work is
almost just
Supernatural anyway uh rasmon U says
that 49% of likely voters believe there
are election workers and officials
were enabling fraud in
elections how many people don't think
that the people who work for the
election systems are allowing fraud well
it's just what you think
27% and 24% not sure at
all so just think about the
fact that the biggest issue in the
country is whether or not Trump was
aware that the election was real in 2020
that he knew it was real and that he he
anyway tried to overthrow
it but now we know that half of the
voters also think the election is not
real so how do you hold in your head
that the one person who was most likely
to think it was real because he's the
one who was most affected and you know
the numbers all look like it was going
to be him until the last minute anybody
in that situation would have thought the
the election went their way and they got
stolen they got stolen anybody would so
if you have the if you have half of the
entire country who sees it and feels it
the same way to imagine that the one
person who should have most seen it and
felt it that that's the one person who
didn't agree with the 49% of the entire
country were looking at the same stuff
at the same
time it is still it just it still blows
my mind
that the brainwashers have allowed us to
think past the
sale the sale is was the election
clean the entire media has trained us
that we can't say that we can only talk
about the bad behavior of trump with his
certain knowledge that it was a fair
election none of that is true he did not
have a certain knowledge that the
election was fair because nobody could
have that knowledge we do not have an
election system
which you could know who won if a state
actor gets into a machine you're not
going to know and if you do it'll be too
late somebody will already be in office
by
then so the number of times that they've
made us think P the sale uh is pretty
pretty impressive actually so they have
some good persuaders on the Democrat
side all right and I'm amazed that uh
the Carville idea of just saying that
all the all the Trump supporters are
Nazis I'm kind of surprised that uh that
Carville got that far with that there
was no way that was going to be a good
idea but they didn't have any other good
ideas so they went with the 80-year-old
drunk I'm just guessing uh who just
thought ah how about yelling Nazi louder
how about how about we'll say that
Madison Square Garden is a clear
I mean that was just crazy but they
did convince a lot of people you saw
people on the street acting like they
had been convinced that it was a Nazi
Gathering well here's some good news uh
Hezbollah has a new
leader now you may remember I always
tell you that uh killing the leader of
some terrorist
organization uh doesn't always fix
things because it's quite often that the
number two person in the even the number
three person uh may maybe we're even
better than the number one person you
know they probably work together and
known each other for a while and maybe
the number two person even got the
number one person in the position
because they knew they'd be a better
number one but the number two would be
pretty good too you know like Z Zarah
Hari in in al-Qaeda so you got to kill
at least the top
three uh before you can get to a less
qualified uh leader I think now has has
uh had the the lawn mode as they say
three times now by the IDF so I think
they're down to their fourth best leader
this
month and you just have to see his video
introducing himself because they're
already all the way down to the Joe
Biden level of Hezbollah
leadership the new leader looks like
he's
either he's either got dementia
or maybe he's drunk or he's on you know
some serious kind of pills because he
knows he's going to be dead in about a
day and a
half yeah you have to see the video he's
hilariously non-charismatic
so you basically went from you know Peak
Charisma to all right he's pretty Charis
charismatic well okay number three he's
got a little bit of Charisma but oh okay
number four uh no charisma
nope he's the Joe Biden of
Hezbollah so that should go
great more good news uh allegedly Trump
has asked RFK Jr to reorganize the CDC
nifda and several other parts of the
USDA such that the pro the government
process of keeping us healthy with our
food supplies and whatnot and I'm I
think that's mostly food but it may be
that that might include the vaccination
schedules too um and uh that's just some
of the best things I've ever seen come
out of my
government you know I'll tell you when
when my government says oh we we reduced
our increase in expense by
2% and then I say but you're still
spending more oh yeah we're spending a
lot more but it could have been even
more than that so we're taking a victory
run because we re we decreased what we
could have spent well that's actually
like nothing you didn't actually do
anything you just increase the cost of
things you're doing yes but it could
have been worse so elect us no that's
what I don't like here's what I do like
uh these gigantic organizations that
control our life are out of control and
we're going to send our most dangerous
and capable man in to completely destroy
them with the aim of using the pieces to
build something much much
better so while uh Biden's biting babies
we're going to build back better Biden
bites babies I like saying
that so I don't think that there are
very few things that have inspired me at
this level I love the fact that RFK Jr
has taken the extreme
sacrifice to get to where he is Extreme
you know family sacrifice um
reputation had to affect him financially
I mean he put everything out there and
here he is he's knocking on the door to
have the power to fix the the biggest
things that need fixing in the country
Trump makes that
possible do you remember when you
thought oh I sure would hate to have a
older president because they might be s
in their
ways you don't get that with Trump I'll
tell you what you don't get with Trump
is we're going to do it this way because
that's the way it used to be done
never I I I have to tell you that my own
experience in again it was just 30
minutes talking to Trump once in the
Oval Office he will give you the
impression that he intensely cares about
everything that comes out of your mouth
and he's listening to it and he's
comparing it to all the other things he
knows here's an
example at no time did he ever have the
idea oh well find somebody who can
reorganize these things and fix you know
all these problems but it was brought to
him the most radical thing you could
imagine having RFK Jr somebody from the
other party uh totally reorganize these
major things that is a really really
smart
aggressive provocative in all the right
ways everything about this I like I like
everything about this even if this
doesn't work I like everything about it
so that's the thing you have to
understand if you do the right process
you might have to redo it you know maybe
it doesn't hit hit 100% on the first try
so maybe the first try doesn't get it so
you do it again but if you have the
process right you're in good shape and
the process should be don't give them
10% more money every
year decide whether they should exist
every
year we should decide should you even
exist
every year this this whole everybody
gets 10% more money because of inflation
no that's not how you run a country if
you want to succeed or a
company uh meanwhile there's a report
from the Senate Commerce Committee and
Senator Ted Cruz that uh Comm Harris is
funding domestic
terrorism now when I say something like
that you should
say uh not like actually literally
domestic terrorism you don't mean that
right like she's not actually behind a
plan to give our actual tax money to
literally domestic
terrorists is she well here's the
claims um that the the inflation
reduction act had you know so much money
in it that you couldn't tell where all
the money was going but some of it went
allegedly to climate
Justice um $100
million uh and part of what they do is
they're they do they help a
Hamas that's right part of our budget
was pramas did you know
that now it was of course couched in
humanitarian
terms but part of your money $100
million which would have made a big
difference in North
Carolina was pramas
like that's a real thing no nobody hit
it it was you know it was described it
was right it was right in the bill and
again if you if you put it in um if you
saw it pre-
October uh pre October surprise I guess
um you would say to yourself well it's
not that big a deal if we do some
humanitarian things but it doesn't look
the same now does
it how about the mdn collective
they got $100 million to help defund law
enforcement and obliterate the United
States
military so that would be some kind of
lobbying internal entity that wants us
to be less safe internally and
externally would you call them
terrorists I would call them at least
terrorist
adjacent terrorist is too strong but
they would seem to be on the same team
you know whether they mean to be or not
that would be very
compatible um let's see there's another
New York immigration Coalition New New
Jersey Alliance for immigration Justice
that name is too long um $50 million to
a them with the open borders and to
annihilate a citizenship okay these are
of course words chosen by somebody who's
biased and social and environmental
Engineers uh entrepreneurs 50 million to
abolish police and abolish prisons now I
suppose if you looked at all of these
details of the funding you might say
those descriptions are hyperbole Scott
you've gone too far but is it true that
there's a over a quarter of a billion
dollars that's being used for something
that almost none of us would think is a
good
idea looks like it
is looks like it is meanwhile here's a
good
idea New York Post reports that Oklahoma
schools
Chief um is sent a bill to KL Harris for
$474 million for what the extra cost of
Education will be because of all the
illegal immigrants that KLA Harris and
Joe Biden sent to them now I don't think
that they expect to get a
check uh it's more of a political note
but putting numbers on things makes a
big difference here's why why one of the
things I try to teach you all the time
is that if you can't measure a thing you
can't manage it as long as we don't know
the number of people coming in we don't
know the number of crimes that are
committed we don't know the number of
let's say uh jobs lost to the black
citizens of the country just to pick
another number and we don't know what it
cost to send them to school and what it
costs for healthare then you can do
whatever you want that would be an
unmanaged process so you couldn't
complain to the government because you
really wouldn't have anything to say hey
you should do less of the thing and they
would say we're doing the right amount
of the thing and then you'd say I don't
know it feels like you're doing too much
of that thing and they'd say but we care
we have empathy you're a Nazi we're
doing the right amount of the thing so
you can't have you're not going to win
that way but if you say Oklahoma you're
going to have to send us half a bill ion
dollar to pay for this and then the
other states start start sending in the
bills and then the news adds them up and
says all right uh 10 states have
submitted their bills and that's $25
billion so far have been billed to the
Biden Administration again it's just it
would just be for a show and then you
could start managing it because then
people would have a sense of the scale
it's not until you know the numbers that
you can manage anything so getting the
Biden Administration out of the
hypothetical and into the here's what
you cost us is the game it's the whole
game because if people knew what the
actual dollar amounts
were I think the support would drop to
practically
nothing all right what
else so
the
um I'm going to give a compliment to con
Harris for her communication obviously
she was coached on this but the first
time she got asked about Joe Biden's
comments about um about Trump sporters
being garbage um she said this first of
all he clarified his comments talking
about Biden but let me be clear that
part is stupid that should be gone but I
strongly disagree with any criticism of
people based on who they for and she
said she's uh running to be everybody's
president that's pretty good that's
pretty good
now um what she needs to do is create
some distance between Biden and her but
not some distance that's too far I think
she nailed it I I think she gave Biden
some
pain and the entire country thought yeah
that was a little pain you should give
him yeah you you you should give him a
little pain for that even if you're on
his team you'd probably say you know you
could at least kick him under the table
for that like you don't need to kill him
you don't need to ruin his legacy but if
you give him a sharp kick in the shin
that feels right to all of
us both sides both both sides we go kick
in the shin right on point so yes kick
in the shin right on point and uh and it
set her aside it it set her some space
that I think
was just what she needed so it's still
going to hurt her uh as pollster Frank
Lun said he thinks it could hurt as much
as the uh you know Hillary Clinton's
deplorables
coming we shall see it could make a
difference it's very
Visual and I believe that even regular
Democrats are not comfortable
with demonizing half of the
country um I know I'm not I'm not
comfortable demonizing the other half of
the country um so I would I would think
that people would be on the same page on
this that uh refer be even if somebody
important on your team isn't you it's
somebody pretty important to you your
your
boss um that was a pretty damaging
comment well I talked about this the
other day but it just keeps getting
better
so on MSNBC one of their hosts medy
Hassan got into a uh onair disagreement
with this Ryan Gus guski who's a right
leading
person um and was what triggered it was
medy talking about uh I guess how the
Madison Square Garden thing looked sort
of
uh Hill hitlerian and that Trump kept
saying things that sound like the third
right
so Hassan said quote if you don't want
to be called a Nazi don't say nais
sounding things like at the TR Trump
rally well now that would be an opinion
that they're Nazi sounding things I
didn't hear any Nazi sounding things
myself I heard things that I wouldn't
have said I heard things that could
definitely offend people but Nazi
sounding no there were no nais sounding
things there but if you say that
somebody is at rally that you support
and that they're acting like a Nazi it
is quite reasonable to assume that
they're calling you a Nazi too or at the
very least a Nazi supporter would you
agree with that if somebody says to your
face the person you support is acting
like a Nazi and that's why we're calling
him a Nazi are they not calling you a
Nazi
supporter I feel they are and I feel
that that's too far for American
politics
and uh the I guess Ryan guski said uh
that he Saidi hope your beeper doesn't
go off now that would be an accusation
that maybe instead of being just a
somebody with a Palestinian background
and some um empathy for the Palestinians
which we all should have uh that
uh maybe he was a
terrorist now does that sound fair so
you've got Medi Hassan saying that
people supporting
Trump are supporting a Nazi which would
essentially make them
Nazis and then the response which was
equally hyperbolic is that I hope your
beeper doesn't go off suggesting that
somebody who was Pro
Palestinian might be Pro homas which of
course would be too
far um now while I do not embrace the
thought that if you're a Palestinian
you're a terrorist so I don't I I can
I'll disavow that however um I'm backing
Ryan guski completely because
self-defense has no
limits so if you go on a show and
somebody accuses you of being a Nazi you
can call them a pedophile even if it's
not true you can call them uh a
terrorist you could call them a piece of
 you could call them a flame flaming
turd a flaming turd pedophile Nazi piece
of anything you want so I think
Ryan guski was maybe not will not be
invited back and I don't I don't support
his message I support his
self-defense does that make sense so I'm
not I'm not on board with his message at
all but I'm on board with him meeting
the insult with one that I would say
would be equivalent equivalent
both of them are way on the line but if
you give me something way on the line on
national TV you should expect it back
and I'm not going to apologize for it
because
self-defense doesn't have a rule there
are laws if he punched them he'd go to
jail and I agree with that law but
there's no ethical or moral boundary to
self-defense you can do whatever you
want you'll just get you'll have to pay
for it as he
is all right uh Harry anon on
CNN um he he's great by the way every
time Harry Anon does his his big magic
Board of all the things and gets all
excited about the messaging um I'm
really
entertained so he's one of the best
hires the CNN's everever had and he
doesn't ever strike me as being biased
I've never seen him biased and I've
never seen him not entertaining the
whole time he's on I'm like glued to it
he was great and I turned
on there was another Network where there
was like a fake Harry Anon they also had
one of these big you know video screens
and they were doing the same thing with
the the country and the votes but but he
was trying to act like that same
character like a a weatherman you know
who's a little wackier than the news
wasn't quite pulling it off but Harry
enton looks like he's always like that
so he pulls it off like naturally it
looks it's like if you went to if you
went to Thanksgiving at his house it
would look exactly the same so anyway I
love that guy um he's saying that if
Trump wins next week all the signs were
there you can't say you weren't
warned uh
oh wait a minute did CNN just tell us
that if Trump doesn't
win that it was
rigged he didn't say that
but you could imagine people hearing it
right because he's saying that the
indications are that Trump will win and
they're pretty strong what if he
doesn't yeah the the level of risk in
this is 10 10 out of 10 if if you get it
this close that even
CNN even CNN and this is the guy who
knows this is not just a fund it this is
somebody who's their guy who's in the
numbers if CNN says all the numbers are
looking Trump and then a few days from
now it goes the other way that's the
highest
risk you can't get a higher risk than
that yeah now are there any problems
with the voting that we should know
about well Virginia removed uh they
finally got permission I guess from the
Supreme Court to remove uh bunch of
Voters that they said were non-citizens
but then some people argue but but some
of them are real citizens they're just
wrongly on the list uh but apparently
they will be
removed and uh that's a step in the
right direction but it asks a important
question how many states knowingly have
long lists of people that they don't
think are eligible to vote and I think
the answer is it wasn't just
Virginia so this this is like a a little
foreshadowing or a little hint that
there are other problems out
there then according to just the news
over in
Illinois
um let number of their voting machines
malfunctioned so in mlan County 34
ballots were placed in what they call
the emergency bin now that's not much 34
ballots so it's not a big deal it's just
there was a machine that wasn't doing
its thing so instead they throw it in
the box and they count it later as if it
were a mailin is there any problem with
that because the mailin are looked at by
people and then they decide is this
valid or not so these will also just be
looked at by people because the machine
didn't accept them well here's my
question if there is such a thing as one
of the machines that can't read some of
the ballots if the machine was all
certified and the ballots were all
certified but the machine can't read the
ballots
um does that raise any issues with you
does that does that make you say
h why do we have machines what what's
the point of the machines was it to
finish faster in Illinois no was it
because the machines were free no was it
because they more accurate No is it
because they more cred to the public
no how many days in a row do I get to go
in public and tell you that nobody makes
an argument for any reason that machines
should exist unless the entire purpose
of for them is
cheating nobody how how many times can I
do this in a row where there won't be a
single person on the other side not a
Democrat not an expert who says oh no
Scott uh here's the here's our cost
benefit analysis for why you want
machines
nobody and by the way before I started
saying every single day can you give me
any reasons we use machines how many of
you knew there were no reasons to use
the
machines that was making you think past
the
sale right we you were thinking past the
sale to you know did this or that
machine uh function correctly
if you're at that level of thinking
about it then the people who are running
the machines they say well okay you
caught us in this one place they didn't
work so we put those ballots in a box
then we made sure that both people
looked at them and the problem solved
that's making you think past the sale
the sale is why do you have
machines why do you have
machines yeah so as long as you're
arguing about whether a particular
machine works worked or did not work in
a particular place you're already past
the sale the sale is why is it
there that's a that's a big clue by the
way yeah meanwhile thousands of Las
Vegas uh area voters said there I found
out their signatures didn't match well
actually they haven't found out but
there's 6,000 signatures that don't
match so far so Nevada will put those
aside and look at them more closely
again
that doesn't indicate you know the
election is rigged it's pretty normal to
have a bunch of ballots that are
irregular and you set them aside and you
look at them then uh we've got the let's
say Pennsylvania Democratic
party is suing Erie County over 10 to
20,000 missing mailin ballots according
to the Washington Times now this is
coming from
Democrats so I don't know are they
missing uh the lawsuit says that uh
they're unable to account for about
1,800 ballots and and 300 duplicate
ballots that were incorrectly sent out
to voters blah blah then uh Patrick burn
is talking about how uh in
Colorado um Jenna Griswald she's
involved with the election process
somehow um apparently the election
people
accidentally
accidentally sent out a spreadsheet that
had the uh bio passwords in
it which would allow you to change the
machine's account and get away with it
now was that an
accident and whether it was an accident
or not did anybody take advantage of
seeing those password and getting into
them the answer is we don't
know and if you don't know how do you
certify the
election that's what Patrick burn says
he said uh basically this is already
non-
certifiable if you knew that your state
had published all the passwords to the
machines at the you know the root level
bios level if you knew that about your
state would you say yeah but probably
it's
fine or would you say oh this is such a
big security problem that we can't know
who
voted it's unknowable what the result
is uh well if you were an engineer what
would you say I got a lot of Engineers
here so those of you who are programmers
or Engineers if you knew that the
passwords had been sent
out and you didn't know if anybody
looked at them you had no information if
anybody looked at them but would you say
that that election happened or would you
say as an
engineer the election did not occur
because we would have no confidence in
knowing that we got a number therefore
it didn't happen What would the engineer
say I mean it's a rhetorical question
the engineer would say there was no
election let me say that again an
engineer who looked at a system where
all the passwords had been published
ahead of
time would not say oh the election was
you know mostly good they wouldn't say
we didn't find any problems they would
say there was no
election cuz that design doesn't give
you
one that design doesn't give you an
election it gives you a thing that in
some ways reminds you of an election but
it's not an
election because at the very least you
should have
confidence that you would know what the
vote was and we don't have that we very
much don't have
that so
um I don't think there's really any
chance that the um that we'll have
confidence in the election but my
understanding is that the new rule is
the vice president has to certify the
election as long as the state send it to
him so basically there's no such thing
as certifying anymore it's
automatic so no matter how broken it is
the person whose job it was to be the
last the last final
check doesn't have that option anymore
it's just going to be
certified well January 20 is going to be
interesting
um according to the Daily wire the Biden
Harris's uh numbers on illegal migrants
are 25% higher than they say and that's
because they don't include the Goda ways
well doesn't that make sense didn't you
always know uh uh border patrol can you
tell us how many people crossed the
border uh yes we uh we caught 1 million
of
them great so you're saying one million
people tried to catch the cross the
border and you caught them well no more
more than that tried oh okay so you
caught 1 million out of how
many what uh how many an of a mil so
Anna you c a million but of how many
like a
million1 what speak
up I don't know I don't know what what
you don't know you don't know how many
got
away yeah we don't know why don't you
know well the reason they got away is
because we weren't there when they
crossed the border so how would we know
how many got
through to which I say if you don't know
how many got
away why are you even reporting these
numbers and and how do you assume it's
25% like where would that number come
from if you don't know then you
certainly can't put a percentage on it
it could be
500% could be
1% if you don't know don't put a 25% on
it that's that seems kind of
specific anyway
so The Border's open and everything's
wrong and uh all the economic numbers
look good but it's fake because we've
got a debt problem that will crush us we
have one candidate who's willing to fix
and has an actual plan to do it our
chronic illness from our food supply
maybe something about our meds we have
only one candidate who has an Elon Musk
willing to figure out how to re-engineer
our government to make it efficient and
useful and a weapon for the future let
me tell you this the biggest competitive
factor in the future is which of the big
countries you know the industrialized
countries which of them can fix their
government faster because they're all
broken everybody's government is broken
the the dictators are broken the the
Democrats are broken you Democratic
systems and we're broken we are nowhere
near a good government and not just
talking left or right I'm talking just
pure efficiency you know just being able
to do things and Elon Musk may be one of
the only people in the world who could
look at all of that absorb that level of
complexity boil it down to what needs to
be done and then do the risk management
correctly because you're going to have
to take some big freaking risks when you
consolidate and eliminate and get rid of
the experts and all the other things
that are going to have to happen to
downsize
but downsizing shouldn't be the goal the
goal should the if if musk is thinking
about it correctly and I guarantee you
he is the answer is not to make the
government smaller and save
money does that make
sense if musk is thinking from first
principles like if nothing existed what
would you do it's possible that the best
thing we could do is spend more money I
don't think so but if you started from
scratch you might come up with the idea
oh God if we don't run faster than
everybody with AI it wouldn't matter
what else we do because if China gets to
the super Ai and Quantum Computing
before we do it doesn't matter what else
you've done it takes away all of your
possibilities for the future so it's
possible very unlikely that you know the
end process would be we're going to have
to spend a lot more money in real fast
maybe I doubt it I don't think that's
going to happen but my point is that if
you re-engineer as opposed to just cut
costs you don't know where you end up
because re-engineering could be really
radical for example if Elon mus says in
five years I I'll pick something within
within the frame uh if he said within 3
years I will replace 80% of the
government with a AI but there'll be a
backup so you can get a human if you
need it and it will reduce uh you know
40% of the expense for that kind of
stuff and I'm going to do it in three
years he might be able to do
that that might actually be something
you could do so there's only one person
in the world I think could you know
really take the right kind of swing at
the re-engineering the government and
he's the only one I would trust honestly
only one I would
trust so we've got some great things
happening the golden age is maybe a week
away from kicking off uh Trump will
probably have his third act um success
and the third act wouldn't be just
winning the election he needs to find a
massive nest of attempted theft we need
to find how they're trying to steal this
election because I feel like somebody's
trying to steal it and somebody's got to
go to jail this time somebody got to go
to jail now do I want Trump to jail all
of his political enemies let me say this
as clearly as I can I do not want Trump
to be rounding up any political enemies
and as I told um as I told Jen the other
day when I was talking to him if I saw
if I saw the team I
backed uh collecting up political
enemies that literally had committed no
crime I'm switching teams same day 100%
I'm going to the other team and I'll try
to stop it cuz there's no
way I want to be back at anybody who's
using law fair on the other team that
said it does seem to me that things like
the Russia collusion hoax and some of
the other hoaxes they appear criminal to
me they appear criminal and I would
certainly expect some of those people
should go to
jail but that would not be anything
about political enemies that would be
you know clear clear examples of
crimes all
right got
mispronounced would I
mispronounce it doesn't
matter ladies and gentlemen thanks for
joining I'm going to go do some other
stuff now
um if you'd like to see the Dilbert
comic for today you'd have to be a
subscriber Dilbert reborn on either X
where you can subscribe to it or on
locals at Scott adams. locals but if you
see it you'll know that uh there's this
trend for the young employees to bring
their mother to a job interview so in
Dilbert's company the new job
interviewee is going to bring his mom in
to help him interview and it goes well
it goes well anyway um goodbye to uh at
least for now to X and Rumble and uh
YouTube I'm going to talk to the people
on locals privately in 30 seconds that's
going to happen and until then we're
going to have a
interest
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e