hey everybody come on in gather round
it's gonna be a good one oh yeah we got
terrible things and funny things and
funny terrible things we got fake news
real news but mostly fate news and it's
the interesting kind the good kind the
kind that makes you smarter yeah every
one of you will be smarter by the time
you're done
Cristina good morning but before we get
going I think you know what we need to
do and it's called the simultaneous lip
and all you need is a cover of Margar
glass of tanker chalice or stai you in
the canteen charger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine hit of the day the the
thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous hip and
even the pandemic will be improved with
this sip watch this can you feel the
curve flattening flattening flattening
sep up yep I could feel the coronavirus
death curve just bending a little bit
there with one set so here is a little
tip for you this is a retail store tip
you can take this one to the bank if
you're going to start our retail store
don't name it target well if you're
watching the news today you're laughing
but if you don't know what the news is
today there's a Target store they got a
ravaged in I guess Minnesota because
they're having riots and looting over
the tragic death of the man who was
killed by the police there when they put
their knee on his
neck and the funniest comment that I saw
today I just tweeted it's from a user
Frankie Friday 98 and he suggests a new
rule and if you want to learn a rule of
humor this is a perfect example so this
is a perfect tweet from Frankie Friday
98 and he says that the the rule should
be I'm paraphrasing because I'm not
looking at it he says the new rule
should be that if police kill anybody in
your town the local target has to give
away all of its products because because
it's gonna happen anyway and you might
as well do it without getting you
without getting your windows broke this
is the reason the reason this makes me
laugh is because it's perfect joke form
because it makes sense at the same time
it doesn't make any sense so if you
could if you can put those two together
you've got a joke that's what causes the
laugh reflex because you say to yourself
oh wait a minute if she could have steal
all the stuff in the target anyway you
might as well just make that the rule if
the police kill somebody you just have
to open target and say all right do what
you wanted to I don't know how that's so
funny but it is so I tweeted a great
article and thread from Andres back
house I told you you should be following
him so look at my Twitter feed this
morning it's toward the top and he he
tells you about the common errors that
people are making looking at the corona
virus studies and data from different
places and it's a real good overview if
you think you understand what's going on
with the data read all the mistakes that
you can easily make and you might find
that we don't know anything about
anything you know I think we're getting
close to the point where we can't
compare
anything that anything and we just don't
know anything because none of our
comparisons are valid
there's always an Apple to an orange
going on anyway so that's worth looking
at and one of the funniest stories is
that Democrats are getting panicked that
the economy might come back too quickly
and might come back too quickly and
before the election now when I say come
back I don't mean all the way back that
would be much too soon to be all the way
back but what people are expecting is a
sharp sort of the beginning of a V and
the rest of the the v-shape would take
you know it might take a year to get the
the V finish could be two years but the
first part of the V might happen quickly
meaning that just people go back to work
for those businesses that didn't get
closed down permanently and things get
back pretty quickly so that the panic is
that Trump is going to be going into
election day with an economy that's the
other GDP is basically doubled because
it's coming off a low base now what's
funny about this is that for the past
four years
what have opem of supporters been saying
about the economy Obama supporters have
been making the claim that Obama did
even better than Trump because if you
look at some of the numbers like
percentages and growth and stuff it was
better under Obama but what do they
leave out they always leave out the same
thing that Obama came into office when
the economy was at the the bottom and
when your economy is at the very bottom
the first part of the recovery is the
easy part it's people were already
trained to work they just go back to
work that part's easy
so Obama presided over what I call the
easy part of the recovery meaning that
your your percentage gain from the
bottom is always going to look good and
so illegitimately sort of going back to
andreas point about how we're not good
about analyzing data
so people have legitimately said but hey
you say Trump's doing good for the
economy look at Obama's numbers they're
better but of course that's an Apple to
an orange because how quickly you
recover from a bottom should be
impressive how much you can add to the
top is a lot harder and Trump did that
so Trump was adding to a fairly strong
economy that's the hard part that's the
hardest part to get right so and I'm not
even sure if you reverse the two
presidents you had had them you know
serve each other's terms I don't know if
that would have worked it felt like they
were both this or it is suited for their
their time but anyway that's another
story
the point is that we we may have an
impressive-looking
semi recovery by November and that looks
like bad news for Democrats and the fact
that that would look like bad news is
just well it's a sad Jaykar all right
are you ready to have your brain
spinning in your skull I'm going to give
you a simple suggestion that if I do it
right we'll make you say something like
why didn't anybody suggest that before
so that's my challenge my challenge is
that as soon as you hear this suggestion
you're gonna say oh my goodness why
didn't anybody say this before now this
is not my original suggestion this is
just something I saw on Twitter from a
Twitter user who made this suggestion
and when I read it I had the feeling
that you're gonna have in a minute which
is why is that so smart and yet nobody
has said this yet and it goes like this
we're talking about mail-in ballots and
we're talking about the dangers of
voting because of coronavirus here's the
suggestion you ready
have Election Day be election week you
just spread it out just election week
because just about everybody can get to
the
from the the election place within a
week now maybe you would spread it out
by you know the last the let the letter
in your last name or something so I'm
gonna watch your comments but right I'm
watching the comments oh my goodness why
didn't anyone say this before somebody
says no but would that a reason more
time to cheat more time to cheat what's
that mean great idea I said this a month
ago somebody says not new been saying
that for years
somebody says I said that years ago well
about a lot of individuals have said it
but why is it not in the national
conversation have you seen it on the
news
now if you've said this in past years
you are probably you talking about it
with less urgency at the moment we have
a medical reason there's a completely
valid completely obvious completely
agreed-upon
medical reason somebody says they do
that in Florida not aware of that maybe
for local level elections somebody says
we already have that for early voting
well anyway the larger point of it is
why was this not part of the national
conversation who exactly would be
opposed to spreading election day to a
week so everybody's safer I just don't
see how anybody would oppose that all
right it's kind of that kind of messes
with your head doesn't it just a little
bit because you say to yourself really
we got all the way to here and that's
the first time I've heard that
because that's that's how I felt when I
heard it the first times like whoa all
right so we have another one of those
days where all of our biggest news
stories have something in common
they didn't happen all the news pretty
much fake news this week now when I say
it's all fake news I mean the
interpretations of it it is true that a
target is on fire somewhere in Minnesota
so the facts of
this is on fire this person died those
are all facts but the way we're
interpreting it just ridiculous for
example there's the the Joe Scarborough
story about if the president's
allegations that Joe Scarborough killed
an employee now I I rush to say there's
no evidence that Joe Scarborough ever
killed an employee which I can't stop
laughing when I think about it because
it's so audacious it's so ridiculous and
you know the president doesn't believe
it of course he doesn't believe it and
he doesn't say he believes it
he simply passes on the rumor make sure
you've heard it so the fact that anybody
takes this seriously is the funny part
of the story the funny part of the story
is that the media even reports on it I
mean that that should have been you know
one or two tweets by the president and
which the media should have looked at it
and said oh that's funny he doesn't mean
that
and just ignore it if they could have
just ignored it but it became that you
know the biggest the biggest thing in
the country which of course perfectly
plays into Trump's a strategy I would
assume which is simply to put some
pressure on Joe Scarborough I guess
awful I forget that one all right so the
Scarborough thing is based on something
it just didn't happen all right how
about another one how about all of the
news that will be there was yesterday
and last night and today is going to be
all about race Wars there's like all
this racial tension is that what's
happening is that do you feel that do
you feel that the story about I can't
remember his name
George was that his last name the the
african-american man who was killed by
the police officer in Minnesota recently
now of course that happened and then the
media and social media have combined to
to turn this into a race story do you
know what this isn't this is so not a
race story this is the least racial
story of any story that's ever been told
why because there's nobody on the other
side of it it's a complete fake story
there are no people who think that that
was that the police officer acted
appropriately there's nobody in the
world who thinks that was okay I mean if
you've actually watched the video nobody
thinks that was okay now there are some
people who might be saying I've seen the
video of the initial stop I've seen the
video of where the you know the the knee
was on the neck but there's still that
there's sort of a gap missing there
which is what happened just before it
happened
now maybe you're waiting to get the full
story but I'm not sure that's going to
tell you something you that you need to
know because you know the part you
watched was bad enough but the point is
there are no there's no disagreement on
this story if anybody is trying to sell
you that that you know black citizens
are on one side and white citizens or
another side of this story it's just not
true
everybody's on the same side now let me
tell you how you know that this is all
political and not actually social and
the difference being that if it were a
social problem that people were trying
to really solve like they actually
wanted a solution they would do it a
different way but if it's a political
problem you don't necessarily want it
solved because you want the issue as
much as as you could use it so here is
my analysis of why you'd know that this
is not a real issue meaning that people
are not actually trying to solve it
they're using it as a political club
here's how because the way you would
solve this police that what seems to be
a problem of at least sometimes police
abusing the people they stop how would
you best solve that if you just wanted
to solve
of it and you didn't want to make it a
political thing how would you do it let
me answer the question you would do it
the same way that AIDS activists got got
straight people to care about AIDS they
would tell them it's their problem to
write the the genius thing that the
LGBTQ community mostly mostly gay man I
think did brilliantly was they they made
everybody understand that this wasn't a
gay problem that aids come you know you
can get it in a variety of ways and
therefore it's everybody's problem once
you've redefined it as everyone's
problem what does everyone do well then
everyone says how do we solve the
problem you get everyone on board you
get more funding more attention you give
more everything you just got to get
everybody on board it was the it was the
most brilliant part of the AIDS strategy
is to make sure that the country didn't
think it was limited to one group and
then you could solve it what would the
black community do if they want to solve
what they see as and I don't have any
data to confirm or disconfirm but what
they would see as the police acting to
roughly what would be the best way to
solve it simple give us statistics about
how many white people are getting killed
by police right if you told me hey by
the way this isn't even a racial problem
no matter who gets stopped by the police
some number of them are getting killed
for not doing much that deserve to get
killed wow you just make it a people
problem just make it a people problem
I'll help because as soon as you make it
a people problem then you start talking
about solutions you say okay is it a
problem that we don't have enough body
cams so maybe we could be part of this
solution of helping local police fund
more body cams I wouldn't I wouldn't
oppose that would you if if black people
want to solve this just tell white
people it's their problem too
because it is you don't think any white
people have been killed by police I'm
sure they have and I'm sure that there
are plenty of cases where those families
of the white people said I don't think
this was fair so as soon as you make it
a racial problem you're really signaling
that you're not trying to solve the
problem you're trying to have a
political wedge if you want to solve the
problem
we'll help I
I've literally offered to help publicly
on this very problem not the Minnesota
one but the police problem way back when
Kaepernick was making his his you know
war public protests I was saying well
how can I help right why don't we just
treat it like it's a problem that has
maybe a clever solution I'll help so if
the black citizens of this country want
the everybody else to help them on this
topic I think we're all ready to do it
who exactly is on the other side so
there's a big old fake fake story that
there's some kind of racial that there's
racial tension over this there is racial
tension but it's illegitimate it's
illegitimate because we're all on the
same side on this story we're all on the
same side let's not pretend we're not
now as to the looting and the rioting
and stuff I don't think you can really
associate that with the with the event
because the the tragic event can act as
a trigger it's like a fake because but I
think it had a lot to do with people
wanted a television there were there was
no police there it was a warm summer
night tensions are high anyway because
of the lockdown it was just a bunch of
things came together and there was this
fake you know this fake spark it's like
oh let's use this as our excuse to get
some big TVs so I would I would treat
the the rioting and the looting
just as crime you know just ordinary
crime I'd I just don't think you should
associate it with it anyway but have you
seen all the videos of the actual loony
I can't stop watching them so there are
a lot of you know camera phone types of
video and the funniest one is that
there's a whole bunch of people with
masks on to which I say to myself okay
well those are the those the people know
how to do some looting yeah they're
looting right but there's one video
where you can see all the looters in the
background most of them are masked and
you know they have goods on and stuff
and you see this this there's one white
woman running by with an ugly lamp okay
and and because there aren't that many
videos this would get his kind of
prominent she's not wearing a mask so so
there's a hundred percent chance that
she's being recognized by everybody that
she knows who saw this video and she's
they're running out of the store looting
but lle alexander's of the funniest
things that I've been a bit laughing
about she doesn't even have a loot right
she's a terrible looter she can't get
her ludecke right which is so true it's
like I'd like to think that if I were in
that situation I could I could loot a
little more effectively than she's
looting her looting needs a lot of work
alright what else is a fake story okay
here's another one and Trump's ignoring
the Constitution so he's talking about
is an executive order an executive order
about social media and maybe maybe we
know that what that is by now but I
haven't seen any details so we don't
know what that will look like but of
course the critics are saying that Trump
is you know ignoring the Constitution
being a dictator of which of course is a
completely false story because there
isn't the slightest chance
that whatever Trump does with this
executive order there isn't the
slightest chance that it won't be tested
against all of our legal and
constitutional standards because of
course it will and he's not gonna stop
it
well you'll fight for his side he might
take it to court maybe maybe it becomes
a you know Supreme Court of thing but in
the end the one thing I can guarantee
you is that whichever way the courts and
the law go so too will the Trump
administration go so it's a complete
feint news that the president is looking
to violate the Constitution when indeed
he's doing exactly the opposite which is
trying to work within it you know he
might poke every door and push every
button and some of them might not work
but he's very clearly trying to find
solutions within the framework of the
Constitution and our legal system and I
don't know how you could imagine in your
imaginary world that anything else is
happening there is a any chance that
this is going to become some kind of
extra constitutional thing no chance I
mean really there's zero chance but
people are treating that like like yeah
that's happened that's happening he's
ignoring the Constitution all right
the other big story of course is the
Twitter effect checking which as of
today my understanding is that's all
fake news as well fake news not in the
sense that there was not a fact check
banner put on the president's tweet that
part's true it's of course the
interpretation that's wrong and here's
my current understanding I think this
might evolve but here's my current
understanding of what Twitter did and
what Jack Dorsey is saying about it
which is completely different than what
the news is reporting okay so I believe
that everything you've heard about why
twit Twitter did what it did is fake
news I think it's fake news on Fox News
and the fake news on CNN
I think it's just all fake news because
here's what Twitter was attempting to do
and how they explain it and then compare
that to how the news has handled it
alright so the news has largely handled
it as on CNN they're saying the
president made some claims about about
mailing votes and they were a fake so
Twitter called the down and then pointed
to accurate information so that's what
CNN is that's sort of their take on it
that that's fake news Fox's take on it
is that it's just more of you know anti
conservative bias and why are they
picking on the president when there's so
many other fake things to do so it's
obviously just the beginning of what
will be more bias that I believe also is
fake news so I think the way it's being
handled on both the left and the right
are completely different but they're
both completely fake news here's what I
think is the real story and I'll give
I'll give this an 80% confidence level
all right because I think you should be
you should know that there's a solid 20%
chance that this will all be different
by tomorrow and tomorrow I'll be telling
you I got it all wrong now I know
something more but my current
understanding is this this is based on
Jack Dorsey's tweets on it and I want
you to read them because you need to get
his exact wording to know what I'm
talking about
so did it to do so first of all Jack
said fact-checked there is someone
ultimately accountable for our actions
as a company and that's me so jack is
taking whole responsibility if he says
please leave our employees out of this
because as you know the specific
employee was sort of in social media and
on the news as you know the person
responsible for this function but Jack
accurately states that he's the boss and
the boss takes responsibility and I
think we all appreciate that
so while I don't think this will
necessarily stop people from going after
employees of Twitter I think we all
appreciate when the boss backs up the
employees right so I think you can
appreciate it on a on a leadership level
that you want your leader to back up
your employees because the employees are
doing what you told them to do and if
they make a mistake that's sort of an
internal problem right so so far I think
we could say all right all right you
know maybe you still want to say things
about individual employees and I think
there is a story there because you
always have to look at the bias and
stuff but I think you could also
appreciate at the same time that a
leader of an organization once the back
the employees and so he did all right so
that's one tweet I don't think we have
to make too much of that one then he
goes on this does not make us a quote
and arbiter of truth I think that was
referring to maybe it was Zuckerberg
comment they didn't the Zuckerberg
didn't want a Facebook to be an arbiter
of truth and so Larry redresses this
does not make us an arbiter of truth our
intention is to connect the dots of
conflicting statements and show the
information in dispute okay so he says
the intention is to highlight things or
in dispute and then connect the dots the
way I read this is that you would see
all the dots you see the dots on both
sides now remember yesterday I was
saying I'd be happy just as a user if if
something got labeled fake so long as
equally prominently of the equally
prominent part the sort of the tricky
part because a user interface you can't
make everything equally prominent it
just can't be done you know logically so
your user interface on Twitter it's
going to have to use some magic to make
you feel like you're getting equal
prominence of the of the fact check that
says it's false but also the sources to
say no no it's not false here's our
sources so Jack seems to be signaling
with this tweet that the intention is
to show both sides of disputed tweets do
you have a problem with that would you
have a problem let me ask you in the
comments would you have a problem if it
could be done I don't know if it could
be done because it's just hard to
execute that but if it could be done
that Twitter would flag things that are
disputed but clearly show both sides
would you be okay with that because I
actually would I would be a hundred
percent okay with that not only that but
I would think that would be positive for
conservatives very positive for
conservatives because what are you most
worried about if you're a conservative
or a Republican you're most worried that
the other side is not hearing the story
because you hear what the management
media says you if you're conservative
and then you also hear what
conservatives say so you're seeing a
well-rounded picture I talked about
afraid is that I've been using the
poorly educated the poorly educated by
my definition just for fun is anybody
who's just in one silo of news either
the left only or they only see the news
on the right that's there's less of a
silo there cuz again the left's news is
more ubiquitous you see it everywhere
so I would say that that's a at least
shows the intention of moving in the
right direction of showing both sides
now the current implementation doesn't
do that does it so so it feels like this
is a process that's being worked out in
Twitter in other words they don't have a
final answer they're a/b testing they're
putting stuff stuff out you'll probably
see a few new looks I wouldn't be
surprised if you see three or four looks
in the coming year you know just to make
sure that you are highlighting things
fairly so I would first of all give them
a little flexibility I think you should
allow them some flexibility to work
through this because it's pretty clear
they're hearing the complaints I don't
think there's any I think I can say with
complete confidence
there's no chance that Twitter and Jack
in particular are not hearing very
clearly what the issues are and it's
also true that they're clearly trying to
work through them in a way that will
make most people happy because that's
their business model they don't really
have the business if they're only
catering to half of the country so
clearly he wants everybody to use
Twitter and that's duh so I would give
them a little little time to work
through this which is not to say that
you should take the pressure off at
least the the social you know news
related pressure of what you would like
to see done so I think the pressure is
constructive you know friction is often
constructive and I think this is very
much a constructive friction situation
so if you can step back from you know
the carnage for a moment and just sort
of look at it from 30,000 feet there's
something pretty good happening alright
or potentially potentially there's
something really good happening but you
need a little distance from it to be
able to see it all right here's the good
part so far if I've done this correctly
most of you are mad at me right now have
I done that correctly
a lot of you should be a little bit mad
because you're not quite by him what I'm
saying but here's here's the punchline
here's the kicker jack goes on was his
third week and he says per our Civic
integrity policy which is an actual
published policy the tweets yesterday
news talk about the president's tweets
about mail and balance the tweets
yesterday may mislead people into
thinking they don't need to register to
get a ballot and then parenthetically
says only registered voters receive
ballots and we're updating the link on
that too to clarify that to which I say
what what because isn't this completely
different than what you thought it was
did you not think that this was the
beginning of Twitter
hold on did you now think that this
whole mail-in ballot
fact checking thing was the beginning of
Twitter fact-checking opinion you did
didn't you
he thought that they were going to start
fact-checking just ordinary political
opinion and then you say to yourself
well how come they have in fact checked
the fine people hoax how come they have
in fact checked the Joe Scarborough
thing why'd they let that go the other
side says why not fact check this and
that and you're confused right are you
confused because there are all these
things that could be fact checked but
why did they pick this one thing and the
answer is jack told you he picked the
one thing because it's a special case
the special case is saying something
that would reduce the voter turnout is
this the first time you're hearing that
probably is right are you against social
media calling out something that would
give people misinformation that would
cause fewer people to vote no you're not
you are not against that you are not
opposed to social media correcting
misinformation with the purpose of
increasing turnout hold on now I believe
there was one other thing that got
fact-checked by Twitter maybe you need
to fact check me on this but you saw the
picture of the police the police officer
who looks like he murdered a guy in
Minnesota and then there was a fake news
that there was a picture of him wearing
a make America great again hat I think
Twitter also called out that as a fake
picture now look at the two things that
didn't I need a fact check on that but
look at the two things that Twitter has
identified and see if he can find the
pattern they've identified a statement
from the president that could cause
people not to register to vote because
the specific problem was the president
suggested that everybody would get a
mail-in ballot no matter
what the problem is if you believe that
you might not register to vote and that
would decrease the number of people
voting would it decrease the number of
only Democrats voting nope would it
decrease the number of democrats and
republicans voting yeah yeah that's the
whole problem the whole problem is
there's not has nothing to do with
politics the whole problem is it's a
fact that was wrong and if you believe
that wrong fact you might not register
to vote so you might hate this but I'm a
hundred percent in favor of Twitter's
action on this calling it fake I'm gonna
back to weather on this because no
matter what this source is whether it
comes from the President of the United
States or comes from Joe Biden or anyone
else if everyone publishes something on
social media that is wrong information
that would cause somebody not to
register or not to vote yeah yeah I'm
completely in favor of calling that out
is there anybody here who's not in favor
of that if it let's say hypothetically
it was the only thing if it's the only
thing that got call that would you be in
favor of that I think you would because
somebody says it's a flimsy excuse
you're gonna have to do better you're
gonna have to do better in your counter
argument if all you're saying is I don't
believe it it's a flimsy excuse it's not
good enough well you're gonna have to
explain why Jack pointed to a previously
written document that completely
supports what they did I think I think
the news has completely botched it both
on the left and the right the news
should be the Twitter is trying a new
process and it's not working right if
you asked Twitter hey did that first
fact check work just the way you wanted
it to what do you think they would say I
think they'd say it didn't work I think
don't you think so I think they would
say it didn't work we're trying to fix
it
now remember my standard for judging
people is always the same it's not about
if they made a mistake because that's
all of us we're all making mistakes all
the time but you can judge people by how
they respond so we don't know the full
response because this is a you know
process but the initial response is to
change the label on it so it's more
specific that the only thing they're
calling out is that the fact about you
should register you're not going to get
a mail-in ballot if they clarify that as
their only problem I'm not too bad with
that I'm not too bad with that I think
there's you know room to go they still
need to put counter items and stuff but
here's the thing the way it's being
reported is that Twitter is that Twitter
was complaining about the president's
statement that mail-in ballots have an
opportunity for fraud that's what you
thought the mutant you thought the news
was the Twitter fact-checked the
president saying that mail-in ballots
cause fraud and that didn't happen that
actually just didn't happen it was
reported that way on both the left on
the right which I usually tell you means
it's true but once you see Jack's
explanation you say oh that's actually a
pretty clear standard if the standard
makes people less likely to know how to
vote the process yeah I'm okay with that
now what about the photograph so the
other one was a photograph of the wrong
person which is pretty dangerous I mean
that photograph of the wrong person
wearing a Maggie hat do you as many of
you are conservatives many of you or
Trump supporters did you want that photo
to stay on Twitter without a fact check
because that's not good for you if
you've ever put on a maggot you don't
want to see the guy who just murdered a
black guy you know incorrectly being
labeled as somebody who wears a mega hat
you don't want that now what does the
photograph and the the voting
registration thing have in common they
do have something in common and what
they have in common is that those are
really basic just facts and they're not
opinions what is the Joe Scarborough
murdered somebody speculation and
opinion did they stop the speculation or
the opinion they did not they did not if
you look at the full breadth of
political thought have they tried to
fact-check the fine people hoaxes they
have not because that's sort of an
interpretation even though you could
point to the you know transcript and
show that it's it's a wrong
interpretation but that's sort of an
interpretation it looks to be and I
don't know this yet but it looks to be
that where they're heading is that
they're not going to fact-check
interpretations no matter how obviously
wrong they are it does look like they're
gonna fact-check facts but also maybe
show you some you know both sides so you
can decide whether the fact is a fact
now the photograph was just a fact that
was wrong the information about the
registration is a fact that was wrong
here's the other thing that both of them
have in common
neither the left nor the right would
disagree with what I just said nobody on
the left or the right thinks that that
photograph was the right guy now I mean
now that we know and nobody on the left
of the right thinks that we should have
bad information about how you register
to vote there's nobody on the other side
if if the only thing that Twitter of
fact checks are facts for which nobody's
on the other side are you gonna have a
problem with that now obviously they
blew the first the first iteration but
if you've had any experience with
interfaces or building software or
trying to build a product
for the public how unusual is it that
your first version doesn't work it's
pretty calm all right so I'd give them a
little time to work this out
now will anybody let go of this no I
don't expect the President or anybody
else to let go of it
because it's such a good political
season thing to do now if you wanted to
if you wanted to say that social media
is doing bad things to you and you don't
want it to happen you should definitely
look at the following and unfollowing
problem because the problem of being
automatically unfollowed that is a
hundred percent of happening there's any
chance in the world that people aren't
being automatically unfollowed I just
don't know if anybody knows why but
that's real I've been that part is
absolutely real so we should be pushing
on that not on fact-checking facts for
which both the left and the right agree
is not facts if they push it into the
opinion well then now we've got a real
problem right if you see if you see
Twitter fact-checking
hyperbole speculation opinion or even
really outright obvious lies as long as
they're obvious lies I don't think they
need to fact-check that stuff I think
they should be out of that business
because then they would be arbiters of
truth now let's let's look at this one
statement jack says this does not make
us arbiters of truth are they an arbiter
of truth to tell you that the you have
to be registered to get a mail and vote
down they're not arbiters they just
passed it along they're not are
bartering anything
nobody even disagrees with that are they
arbiters of truth about whether that
photograph of the guy in the Hat is true
or not true no they're not orbiting
orbiting anything that's not a word but
you know what I mean they're they're
just telling you what you will both
sides agree it's not it's not the person
that's it so most of our news today is
fake as you can see
and all right that's enough of a story
Joe Biden is being mocked for he made
some comment about Delaware declaring
its independence as a state I guess I'm
December 7th and they said it isn't just
d-day and I apparently December 7th he
was confusing with Pearl Harbor Day and
it's it's not the day the Delaware was
independent either so that just the
whole thing was confusing but sure Joe
Biden is your guy so you want some more
fake news here's some more fake news
Democrats watch Joe Biden to be their
leader you don't believe that do you
Trump said grabbing women by the blah
blah blah they let you do it is it
affect or opinion what I mean it's fact
that he said it I don't understand the
question alright so doesn't it feel like
progress that our biggest race problem
in 2020 if you had to say what was the
biggest racial issue in 2020 we had a
bunch of them you know everything from
Governor Northam and blackface - you
know Jesse's male do you know there's
always lots of them I would say that the
biggest one is maybe this one you know
because you got your riots you got it's
closer to election so everything's
accentuated but is it not incredibly
good news that our biggest race problem
actually has everybody on the same side
is it really a race problem if everybody
agrees you know like I said before it's
kind of good it's a it's sort of a good
good sign
mic Serna vicha has been calling out
that when we see the pictures of the
riders it's being sort of cast as black
lives matter or causing all the problems
but it looks like it's an tyfa it looks
like anti-fog might be causing the
problems and black lives matters might
be getting a little bit framed my
beginning a little bit framed by black
by an tyfa and just from what i could
see from the videos there is there is
something to that claim now i don't know
if the framing is some kind of
intentional act where it's just
happening but i think the the way the
media is covering it there there's they
seem to be covering for an tyfa as if
they're not even there and they seem to
be emphasizing the racial part which is
completely fake it's not faith that
people are mad at the police in
minnesota at that part's real but but to
think that that's a racial problem
that's just a media invention all right
so that's my that's my key to you if you
want you got my blood pressure up this
morning which part alright so I I gave
you a lot of stuff this morning I want
to see I want to see which parts of this
got you most worked up because I think I
think I think it's it's always hard to
find out that everything you thought
about the news is wrong it's just one of
those days where pretty much all the big
stories are just fake the whole
corporation of target is getting
pummeled where is the home corporation
the other side won't take yes for an
answer that's exactly what's happening
yeah they won't take yes for an answer
somebody said this is why Kaepernick
took a knee and you all condemned that
no nope whoever just said that so
they're saying that this is why
Kaepernick took a knee and we all
condemned it I'm I am prepared to
believe that but that's not in evidence
because what's not in evidence is how
many white people have been killed by
police I think you'd find that there are
more white people getting murdered by
place than black even as a percentage of
stops I think you'd find that so if this
was a story of oh there it is again only
black people are killed by police
why would totally agree with you in that
case I'd say Kaepernick was completely
right should be looked into now from day
one I said it's a big issue and we
should look into it and take it
seriously so I've always I've always
been Pro Kaepernick in terms of
surfacing the issue the way he did it
you can argue bla bla but in terms of
surfacing an issue that is of great
concern to a lot of people he did a good
job on it but the part is missing is
that I'm not sure this is a race problem
it might be you know I'd be open to some
data that would suggest that is true but
it looks like a police-training problem
on top of maybe some bad apples on top
of the media likes to spin at a
different way it looks like a problem
for all of us you missed the Hat you
misread the Hat Scott I didn't miss read
that he hats
maybe you joined us late but I know what
I didn't do is miss read any hats
somebody said Scott is wrong Twitter
made a new excuse with revising the
correction how do you know is that is
that based on your mind-reading I think
it's fair
it's completely fair to suspect things
of people but if you're saying ah I can
read Twitter's minds and what they did
was they really wanted to just fact
check the president in general but they
they're they're backing up and they're
trying to sell it like they really only
meant to fact-check that the fact you
can't really do them and you can't rule
that out because you don't know what
people are you know privately thinking
but is it completely consistent with
everything we observe that what they
intended was to get rid of that just
voting fact that would me may have
caused people to vote less their story
is consistent with observation that's
the only thing you know you don't know
what they're thinking the way he did it
was the main reason he got the pushback
you mean are you talking about Jack yeah
I think I feel as if Twitter would agree
with the public that the first you know
the the first attempt to do a fact check
I think they would agree it didn't work
right so if you're if you're arguing hey
Twitter that didn't work well you just
agreeing with them they observed the
same thing you observed it didn't work
so it looks like they're changing it so
let them change it yeah let them give
them a little bit of space because they
may be having in the right direction
you'll have plenty of time to complain
the dudes have said make America white
again you sound like you are in the you
you have a you're poorly educated if you
believe that that was the policeman so
let me say it if anybody joined late the
photo of the policeman wearing a hat
with the racist thing on it is not the
same person as the policeman it is now
known beyond a doubt it's a different
person in that picture we know who the
other person is he has a long history
he's a well-known character it's not him
so if you if you believe that that guy
in the Hat
was the police officer then you are
poorly educated now I don't mean in
terms of college or school you're poorly
educated because it means you've only
been looking at one side of the of the
political conversation if you had looked
at both sides
it's very available information that
that's a fake picture
it's very available so if you didn't
know it ask yourself if you're following
the right people on social media you ask
yourself if maybe you should sample the
other side and see what's going on
Trump did not say registration is not
needed that was a misinterpreted by Jack
I disagree with your statement because
the fact that it was a ambiguous is all
that Twitter needed if it was ambiguous
it was still worth a fact check and I
read it as ambiguous so you are you are
technically correct that the President
did not state as a positive statement
you don't need to register and you can
still get one of these he did not say
that directly well I also read it as you
can see it that way I could see that you
can see it that way
and so he says let's let's face it 80%
of Americans don't give it a about
this that's true for most things
somebody says he didn't say that idiot I
don't know who's the idiot but the Hat
actually said that but not the cop I
know what that oh the Hat said okay got
it so somebody who has corrected me on
what they have said it did not say Megan
on Hattie right but it was a red hat so
that is correct
[Music]
so all right I'm hearing you in the
comments you were trying to tell me that
it wasn't you were not telling me you
were confused about who it was you were
correcting me about the statement on the
Hat so I take that correction and
as correct so you can stop correcting me
because I accept that correction uh-huh
somebody said Scott was poorly educated
when he saw they Covington kids video no
that is a incorrect that is an incorrect
use of the term poorly educated the both
sides the left and the right reported
the Covington kid the same way so if you
are fully educated and you'd seen all
the news coverage you would still be
wrong but not because you didn't sample
all the coverage so you can still be
wrong even looking at all the news if
they both get it wrong the ballots are
sent to addresses not voters and no
verification needed yeah you labeled
your podcasts with my name can't take it
lightly did I somebody says Jack Dorsey
is a leftist don't trust the controlled
police let me tell you a myth that that
many people on the right are under
there's this weird myth that there's
somebody on the Left who doesn't like
freedom I don't think that's true I
don't think there's anybody on the Left
who only wants control and they want to
limit your freedom and they need to they
need to be your mommy and tell you what
to do that's just there is not
anybody like that there are certainly
people who have political preferences
and there are lots of individual things
that seem to sum up to that but no
there's nobody who's saying I want to I
want to control people all I care about
is control that's not a real thing
see the lady Newsome said everyone will
be mailed a ballot so there are there
are two questions here one is whether
Twitter's fact check was correct and the
other is whether it was legitimate to
try to do a fact check on that on that
point I think it's legitimate to do a
fact check on the point but whether they
got it right or not that's why you show
both sides that's the whole point of
making sure that your surface arguments
on both sides all right
the poorly educated only took the
initial Covington report ran with it now
I'm going to start I think I'll just
start blocking anybody who says the
Covington situation is similar to the
poorly educated those are not in any way
related the poorly educated again
because if you if you've only looked at
one silo and not the other news I don't
know you would be poorly educated you'd
be half educated but if you look at them
both and they tell you the same news and
it's wrong
that's not poorly educated that's just
the news was wrong somebody said you
were like that somebody says you were
like that just before I block them say
let's see if anybody else wants to get
blocked nope you're wrong on that they
just don't say it out loud I'm gonna
block you for being a mind reader
so whoever says that they can read the
minds of strangers we don't need to hear
anybody else anybody else need a block
have you ever studied communism I don't
know where that question is going
control is a real thing yeah control is
a real thing and you just got blocked
yeah it's just not a it's just not an
argument that's I don't even want to be
around it it's just so useless
in the real world people have individual
goals and they have individual
individual things they want but nobody
is like fighting for the concept of
control that's not a thing are there
really both sides two facts well there
are in the sense that we can't agree on
them so yes all right
so somebody here putting thoughts into
my head you get a block it's okay to say
your thoughts I always welcome your
opinions but what I block for is when
people tell me my opinion you don't need
to tell me my opinion in public I'm the
only one who gets to say that if you
tell me my opinion you get blocked I can
tell you my opinion and you can tell me
your opinion and you'll never get
blocked for that unless it's you know
some kind of weird Nazi thing all right
somebody says I love your anger yeah
I never would have anticipated that my
my anger would be a selling point but
it's all right what are your comments is
funny all right that's enough I got
nothing left
I'll talk to you tonight see you then