hey everybody come on in we're gonna fix
everything today yeah you may have
noticed there are quite a few problems
in the world and a lot of people
sleeping in today and not trying to
solve them but not me I'm up early the
crack of 4:00 a.m. every day sometimes
earlier trying to fix all the problems
in the world I think I'm getting close
we're almost there today I think I'm
gonna push it over the edge
unless I get cancelled always a
possibility but first what do we need to
do you know it's called the simultaneous
up it's the best part of your day it
really is and all you need is a cover
Margaret glass a tankard shelters dying
to contain Jagger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine the
other day the thing that makes
everything better including the economy
of the coronavirus racism you name it
it's all gonna be better with this sip
go hmm you know you might not be able to
measure the difference but I think you
can feel it all right let's talk about
all the things it's starting to look
like tick tock is toast
so Mike Pompeo suggested that he didn't
want to get in front of the president in
talking about tick-tock but they're
looking at it now when you say I don't
want to get in front of the President
that means he's already decided they
must be just figuring out I had to do it
and one of the things that happened was
that the stock for snapchat just zoomed
yesterday now full disclosure I owned
some snapchat stock not much compared to
you know my portfolio but I bought it I
don't remember two years ago or
something when it was at a low and it
just zoomed up because it and I was even
saying this yesterday to Christina I
said why doesn't snapchat just copy Tic
Tacs feature and just put it out of
business because that's sort of a common
thing that you know snapchat and
Instagram and Facebook all do if
somebody has a killer feature the others
eventually just copy it so what is there
about tic toc that can't easily be
copied nothing except the network right
the only thing about tic toc that's hard
to copy is that they already have a big
audience so you've got somebody to talk
to but so does snapchat the number of
people will have tic-tac and don't have
a snapchat it's probably not that big
snap get snapchat could just put that
tick-tock function in there and that's
it that's that and I would expect that
to happen and again I own some of their
stock so you should take that into
consideration beanie I'm not trying to
pump up the stock price but I think
that's inevitable it's going to happen
how about we forgive all dead people and
maybe move on with our lives without
them is that anybody in favor of maybe
just letting dead people be dead and
just say you know you weren't perfect
but guess what
in 200 years when people look back in US
what are they gonna say do you think in
200 years people are gonna look back at
today and say you know in 2020
those were some wise ethical morally
proper people I'm sure glad we built a
bunch of statues of those people from
2020 because they didn't do anything
that we find abhorrent today I don't
think it's gonna go that way so while we
cannot forget or overlook the flaws of
our ancestors maybe we should just
forgive them and move on how about just
living in the future or the present you
just don't live in the past anymore
I've told you before that I just can't
get interested in symbols I'm just not
that interested in the people kneeling
and complaining in the statues and stuff
I'm opposed to statues if they're
offensive to a big portion of the public
but I just can't personally be
interested I don't know why it seems
like it's the biggest thing in the
country and yet I just I just can't find
any reason to care it if a statue gets
destroyed I mean at least I don't care
any more than I would care about the
equivalent dollar value of any private
property I mean I don't want to see
property destroyed but statues the
statue that's just me so I'm just
telling you that I'm not invested in the
question but I think maybe we should
move on and not care so much about the
past I think it's a good sign now some
people have said a getting rid of all
your cultural references of the past
your statues and whatnot is step one in
revamping the whole system you know
first you scrub it of all these it's all
the symbolism and then you can get down
to the the gears of it and start
changing it and maybe that's what's
happening maybe this is step one of some
slippery slope
maybe but here's here's the other
possibility the other possibility is
that the reason that the statues are
being attacked is that that's the only
thing they can attack could it be that
the statues are being and the symbols
are being destroyed because there's
nothing else they can do there's just
nothing else there's nothing after that
because what do you do next
one of the things which is impressive in
my opinion is that the black lives
matter of protesters not counting
there's always there always gonna be a
few bad eggs and some people had some
weapons and stuff but overall they're
not showing up with open carry they're
not you know for the most part the
protests are
overtly trying to be peaceful even
though there are bad elements that of
course show up and make it not so which
is kind of impressive actually that it's
gotten this far but it kind of tells me
that the people on the left don't feel
they have any leverage to do anything
that matters and if you can't do
something that matters but you have all
this energy and it needs to do something
well there are only two possibilities
you do things that matter or things that
don't matter
that's that things either matter or they
don't and if you can't do anything that
matters and you have all this need to
you know get your energy out and your
your complaints it's gonna go somewhere
that isn't helpful
knocking down statues I suppose that's
where it happened so that's my view of
the world that they're just doing the
thing they can do because they don't
know what else needs to be done I've
often said that often lately anyway that
the biggest problem in the world is that
we're all bad at measuring things let me
say this as clearly as possible there
are no politicians and there are no
citizens
almost now I'd say 99% this is true
there's going to be the 1% that I'm
going to talk about but this is 99% true
that you and I and all the people
watching this we're not good at
analyzing things but we kind of think we
are because we latch onto some statistic
that came from our side we go home well
that's the one thing I need to know that
one statistic but if we've learned
anything in 2020 is that the data is
wrong I don't even have to tell you what
topic I'm talking about I'll just make a
general statement and watch how right I
am here's my general statement that data
you just showed me it's wrong I don't
even know what the data is I didn't even
need to look at it I don't even know
what topic we're talking about but can I
say with some confidence that your data
is wrong yes I can
unfortunately I can would you bet
against me
the very next person who comes to me
like I'm just sitting here in my chair
and would you take this bet that the
very next data I'm exposed to whatever
it is I either look at it on the
internet or my friend mentions it to me
whatever it is would you take this bet
that the next data I'm presented with is
not real its fake or in misleading or
out of context I will take that back
that it will be wrong or misleading
almost every time almost every time
certainly over 90% way over 90% so we
live in this absurd world where we're
all arguing each other you must use data
and good reasons use your data and good
reasons here's my data oh by the way
it's all unreliable and here are my
reasons and oh by the way I never
learned how to have good reasons and
analyze things but we must use data we
must use our reasons even though we
don't have data and we're not good at
reasons that's the weird world we're in
we're shouting at each other to do
something that we all know is the wrong
thing to do now in theory if we had good
data and we knew it was good and we had
people who were good at reasoning good
at analyzing well that would be exactly
what you'd want to do you'd want to take
you're smart people you'd want to give
them your accurate data you want to you
want to have them wrestle with it and
come up with some good recommendations
you don't live in that world nothing
like that ever happens the data is all
crap and the people analyzing it are all
liars or unqualified they're either
unqualified or lying and you can't tell
the difference so what do you do it
seems to me that there's something that
he's evolved in society that would have
made the founders of this country the
Thomas Jefferson types come up with a
slightly different plan
government and it looks like this do you
notice that there's a function missing
in government it's the smart person why
don't they have a smart person in
government now one is smart when I say
smart person
I'm just being provocative what I mean
is let's take for example Nate silver so
Nate silver I tweet him off him because
he is extraordinarily good and not only
understanding the statistical pluses and
minuses of any situation he can find the
errors he can explain the error as well
so he's not only good at analyzing but
he's really good at communicating kind
of rare to have those two skills but his
talent stack includes that so he
understands politics and statistics and
he communicates well there should be a a
permanent government maybe a cabinet
post that does nothing but analysis now
I know you've got the management what's
the MPO Management Budget Office or
whatever so I know there are entities
within the government that analyze
things but not really right that
Treasury Department might look at taxes
and somebody else might look at
something else and you know HUD would be
looking at some stuff of its own but but
are all the people in all these groups
trained that to look at the things are
they trained to analyze data are they
statistically trained can they put it in
a larger context probably not I think
there should be now let me propose this
imagine President Trump said the
following all right this will just blow
your mind this isn't going to happen but
just imagine it because it would lock
down the election for Trump he can lock
it down with 60 seconds of saying what
I'm going to say now we need a cabinet
position for analysis
we need a cabinet position for analysis
for all of the big topics what a cabinet
that will
dig in and tell me can you tell me
what's going wrong you know what's wrong
with this situation could you tell me if
the data is right can you compare it to
the what other people are saying about
the data can you tell me you know do a
Snopes like thing to effect check on it
and make sure everything's transparent
so the public can weigh in because you
know even even the experts are going to
be wrong sometimes so even your cabinet
position of data analysis a nate silver
like skillset even that will be wrong
sometimes because that's the nature of
the world so you want the public to be
able to weigh in and have calendar
points and having a more robust robust
process but suppose the president said
you know our biggest problem in the
world is we're not good at comparing
things we're not good at comparing
anything just nothing we're not now if
you want more a deeper dive on that
point you should look at my book loser
think the newest one but I'll give you
some examples of that as we go
all right here's an example how many of
you can answer this question I just
tweeted this this this morning how many
adults who graduated with a graduated
high school at least high school with at
least to be average were shot by police
in 2020 how many people who had at least
a B average in high school and graduated
later as an adult were shot by the
police do you know that do you know the
answer that what's how many of them the
answer is you don't know you don't know
do you know why you don't know that
because we don't have a cabinet position
where there's somebody who knows how to
look at data and can figure out what
actually matters versus what doesn't
matter does it matter that we would know
how many people with at least a B
average in high school were shot by
police in my opinion that might be one
of the most important pieces of data in
the country I don't even know if anybody
collects that data
but I would think it's important why why
do you think that's important because
the assumption that needs to be tested
is that if you are educated and you have
options and you know you have a certain
kind of let's call that brainwashing as
a child you haven't you have a school
that brainwashes you in the right ways
let's say they brainwash you to be
polite to Authority
I'll call it brainwashing but wouldn't
you like your children to be brainwashed
to be polite to authority doesn't mean
they have to you know that they have to
trust Authority but just being polite
now when I say brainwashed I mean
because children kind of need to be just
brainwashed they can't make decisions
like adults and in fact adults are good
decisions either so he just needs a
brainwashing because it's a good program
to have running in your head
alright so my assumption is that people
have at least a B average and graduated
high school had something like a good
brainwashing beginning and I used
brainwashing provocatively because I
want I want it to I wanted to bother you
a little bit because that's what makes
the memory stick so I'm intentionally
bothering you just a little bit to make
this stick it's good brainwashing so if
you don't know that then you don't know
how much do the actions of the person
who stopped by the police have an impact
on the outcome that's right we're
actually talking about whether it
matters that your actions have an impact
under your outcomes can you believe
that's actually a statement that I have
to make in 2022 other adults I have to
say you know maybe the things you do
actually are part of what influences the
outcome so I said this in my attempt to
get as close to being castle's as I can
and I got no pushback from this think
about this think I'm gonna restate it
today but think about what I was allowed
to say and I say aloud socially
aloud without getting cancelled meaning
you're still listening to me
so I haven't been cancelled yet it goes
like this the whole police are abusing
black people during police stops appears
to be a completely fake story because
the thing we don't measure is whether
the people stopped all act the same we
act as though you know we're we analyze
the situation we say no we don't even
need to measure the different ways
people responded to being stopped as if
that wouldn't matter to the outcome we
don't even we don't even wave our arms
at it and say well maybe people act
differently do you think that police
would have a different response based on
the way you act how about just the
physicality of it how about just that is
there a reason that women don't get
killed by the police so often well yeah
it's probably because the police don't
perceive that they themselves are in
danger and if the police don't feel like
they're in danger they're not going to
be as aggressive human nature but say
you grew up in an inner city if you grew
up in an inner city would you put a
priority on looking tough I would
wouldn't you if you lived in the inner
city wouldn't you put a little extra
attention to making yourself look tough
you might dress a certain way you might
make sure that you've got some muscle
definition you might talk away the
suggests you're part of a tougher group
you might actually your body language
might come to conform to what you think
is it is the right way to act in the
situation so is there any chance that
the people being stopped by the police
are acting in similar enough fashion
across every demographic that the only
thing you have to measure is their race
that's stupid
that is just stupid now what we need is
a cabinet position somebody has the
skills to look at data and say
well if you're not studying how people
are reacting to the police stop you
haven't studied anything you actually
haven't studied anything you've only
studied one variable in isolation when
obviously the biggest variable is how
people act nobody can nobody will
dispute this point the biggest variable
is how the person acts nobody disputes
that but we're acting like it's not true
because it would feel racist to say well
what are the odds that you know black
people act the same as white people if
you're dumb about how you present it
yeah sounds pretty racist but if you do
it the way I did which is if you if you
come up through a different experience
you should be acting differently in in
the same situation then somebody who has
a bent history and background and
experience why would you I mean it would
be irrational to assume that people with
completely different context and
completely different histories and
feelings about the world would respond
the same in given situations it just
doesn't make sense and if you haven't if
you haven't measured it and nobody has
it's never been measured I don't even
have to check to know that then you
don't know anything so we have we have
protests that are destroying the country
almost entirely because people don't
know how to measure stuff that is my
opinion how about here's what I think is
the biggest problem in the world there
are some problems let's say in the
racism realm in which you can't fix them
too well if you wait too long yeah
that's true of problems in general right
if you've got a small root leak into
your roof the sooner you fix it the less
damaged it'll be so it is true of things
in general that the sooner you can get
on them it's quite common that that's
the best time to to fix them and so in
race relations and black America the the
soonest you can fix something is early
school and
childhood experience if we fixed school
such that everybody of every ethnicity
has something like a good experience and
they get brainwashed right and I just
like to use this one experience be
brainwashed to be polite to Authority
they don't have to respect it but you
have to be polite otherwise you get your
ass kicked so what happens if we fix
school and why haven't we
why haven't we fix schools well one of
the reason is that we don't understand
that cause the fact seems to matter you
know that Republicans like to get rid of
government regulation and red tape
Democrats are trying to get rid of the
laws of physics right the laws of
physics say that every cause has a
specific effect so Republicans would say
well yeah every cause has an effect so
if you want a certain outcome you have
to act the way that that cause will
court will create the outcome let's say
for example not going to jail would
cause you to have a better life staying
off drugs would cause you to have a
better you know a better life studying
causes you have a better life so
Republicans accept the laws of physics
that there is such a thing as incentive
and cause and effect but they don't like
all the government of regulations the
artificial stuff so they accept the
natural laws of the world but not the
unnatural stuff of government just a
generalization Democrats are literally
railing against the laws of physics
they're actually railing against the
laws of physics because the assumption
that is below everything is that the way
people act is not having that big of an
influence on their outcomes the the
black lives matter frame is that the the
big variable is the unfair system that's
what black lives matter needs you to
believe because their messaging requires
that to be the biggest problem
so that's where your focus now is it how
big is the problem of racism in it let's
say the average black person's life how
big is the problem of racism compared to
and we all acknowledge it's big right so
I'm not saying is small I'm saying it's
big but how big is it compared to the
impact of their own decisions which one
of them is bigger and in my worldview
it's a hundred to one the things you do
are a hundred times more powerful than
racism which is also pretty darn big
racism isn't small it's big but your
actions are a hundred times bigger
they're not even close so it's like
gravity if you know if you were to to
measure gravity you'd say well gravity
is pretty strong I can't even get off
the earth you know you need a lot of
energy to get a rocket into space so
gravity is really strong but actually
gravity is a super weak force if you
look at it in a different way if you
were good at measuring things so
strategy matters and let me say this if
if we change schools one of two ways
actually Nate let me make a more
complete picture as many of you have
been prompting me in the comments which
I saw going going by the big problem for
the black community is that the schools
are bad if you know if you gave any kid
a really strong first you know first
several years of education you know the
the up through graduating high school if
you get that right everything else is
going to be a lot better right and the
main thing that is preventing that from
being right is the lack of competition
and the reason there's a lack of
competition is because the school unions
are very strong and it's better if they
don't have competition it's better if
they just negotiate to keep things
uncompetitive which is the current
situation now on top of that there are a
lot of schools if there are a lot of
schools that means there are a lot of
teachers
and there are a lot of people who are
related to teachers and families of
teachers so because there are so many
teachers you have quite naturally a big
union with a lot of power and that's the
problem
so institutional racism is I would say
95 percent the teachers union if you are
gonna make a chart and say all right
here all the elements of institutional
racism
you've got your judicial system you've
got your economic system hiring firing
you make the whole chart I would say
that 95 percent of the impact of a
person's life would be the teachers
union so that would be the one thing
that's destroys 95 percent of your life
and then all of the other things added
together including the judicial system
the justice system the cat cops and
everything else all of it added together
would maybe be 5 percent so that 5%
still pretty big right if if if you had
a 5 for some problem in your life you
would be bothered by it all the time
5% is pretty big for a problem right but
95% is because you didn't get a right in
the beginning with the first years of
education and that's all the teachers
unions now specifically any situation
doesn't have competition is going to
become a bad system that's what the
teachers union does they remove
competition so if you put that back
let's say that the corona virus caused a
resurgence and new business models for
online education I think that's going to
happen suppose that instead of having
every teacher who works today becoming
just an online teacher which would be
the worst idea in the world because you
would be taking teachers who are bad in
person and videotaping them which is
makes them even worse basically so that
of course if you're going to online the
model you should end up with is that the
best teachers in the world are something
like best-selling
class of makers in other words will be
teams of professionals the way that
movies are made they'll make a class
they'll sell it on Amazon or somewhere
else and they'll get you know $1.00 per
student but they'll make millions and
millions just like a best-selling author
would make now in that world how many
teachers do you need not as many right
if it's digital then everybody who takes
a fifth-grade class might choose from
let's say 20 different teachers who have
been
you know identified and review it as
just the best teachers with the best
class so you might only need 20 good
teachers for you know 5th grade American
history that's that 20 teachers so
digital online education should decimate
the number of teachers in the long run
this is not something that happens next
year but in the long run which should
make the teachers union less important
which should introduce some kind of
competition which could be the biggest
solution to institutional racism ever
but how do you get people to actually
study and do online education
well not everybody has a screaming
internet Wi-Fi and a brand-new laptop so
I don't know that every kid can learn
digitally plus there's a behavior issue
there's a lot to be worked out but in
the long run I think there will be fewer
teachers just because one teacher will
handle millions you know the best
teacher and that should break the break
the hold that the teachers unions have
on the schools which should be really
helpful in getting rid of institutional
racism all right and I think that also
there should be introduced a strategy
class a life strategy class I always
talk about my book kind of failed almost
everything and still win big but I talk
about it as an example right there there
are other books that tell you how to how
to have a strategy for life that makes
sense now I want to do a better job of
explaining why I say
companies when they talk about a
strategy it's just BS but people need to
have a strategy all right here's the I
thought of a better way to explain this
in in the business world you wouldn't
say it's a strategy to have an
accounting system right you just say
well you just need an accounting system
that's not a strategy that's sort of
just basic stuff you need to be in
business
likewise when I talk about strategies
for people when I say stuff like you
know build a talent stack these things
should be as basic as having an
accounting system in other words calling
these things life strategies is probably
too much of a word they're not really
strategies they're kind of like having
an accounting system if you're a
business basic stuff everybody should do
now if it's something that everybody
should do I'm not sure it's a strategy
right so strategy might be a misleading
word is there anybody who should not try
to have multiple skills that work well
together no no there's nobody who should
not have that strategy therefore I'm not
sure it's a strategy it's more than just
a baseline good thing to do all right
NBCUniversal has announced that its new
goal is to have 50% women in the news
organization they don't say what the
ratio is now but they're trying to get
to 50% of women and also a 50% people of
color overall in an organization now
there's no way around that that is
public racial discrimination right
because they are saying fairly clearly
that they're going to discriminate
against white people because they need
to get to 50 cent percent people of
color overall and if we're going to
happen on its own yeah if you didn't
need to do anything actively to let it
happen it would have already happened so
they are saying we have to do something
active to fix this ratio as they see it
what could you do that would be active
well you could try to you know you could
recruit harder and you could make sure
that you've really you know done the
best putting that net out there so
there's some basic things you can do
that are sort of generic but ultimately
you just have to tell the white people
that they can't have the job in the end
that's the only way you can get there
and so I asked this question which again
would have probably gotten to be
canceled a month ago I said I tweeted
retweeted that tweet and I said
challenge find a fortune 500 company
that isn't actively discriminating by
race and gender in a similar fashion to
the way NBC is announcing it plans to
discriminate they actually announced it
imagine announcing your plan to
discriminate based on race and and
feeling no they have no embarrassment
there's no penalty in fact they will be
rewarded for it for announcing in public
that they plan to discriminate based on
race and gender that's our world anyway
so I put that out there and said find a
fortune 500 company that isn't doing the
same thing how many do you think I got
well I got one suggestion of a company
that's actually owned by I guess Chinese
entities so you know it was a special
case but basically nobody had a
suggestion of any company in the fortune
500 that is not publicly and obviously
discriminating by race and gender now if
you are a if you are a fourteen year old
black kid and I were to poll you they
say hey hey you know you
fourteen-year-old black kid from the
city come here come here I got to talk
to you instead of randomly going through
life let's have a strategy but your
strategy might not be exactly like other
people's so this would be a case where
people would have specific strategies
except for the the general notion of you
should go where they you know you should
go where you have the best opportunity
which is generic and I would say to this
fourteen-year-old black kid in the inner
city has anybody told you that if you go
for a job
at a fortune 500 company which by the
way are really good jobs fortune 500 is
the good jobs if you went for one does
anybody has anybody told you that if
it's you and a bunch of white people
applying for the same job you're pretty
much gonna get that job every time has
anybody told you that
what would the fourteen-year-old black
kids say would he say oh yeah we all
know that yeah yeah all we have to do is
stay in school get a get a b-plus pretty
much you get a job at every fortune 500
company you know within your field how
many how many would know that maybe none
maybe none right I mean I don't know I
haven't asked the question so I
shouldn't assume but I'm thinking it's
none so how much of an impact could you
have is simply going to a young person
say you know the only thing you need to
succeed is just make sure your grades
are good you know stay out of jail don't
do drugs but basically just focus on
your grades your life's gonna be pretty
darn good
way better than other people way better
than other black people way better than
most white people you'll be way above
average for all people with this simple
strategy how many people are talking to
the fourteen-year-old
black youth in the inner city and saying
just do these things works every time
or pretty close to every time nobody so
if you're telling me that I need to
worry about your police brutality
I say I'm open to the whole conversation
but you have to measure it correctly
which is not being done and then
therefore you have not presented
anything I could confirm is an actual
problem in the real world certainly the
worrying about it is a problem but the
actual problem is not demonstrated by
the data which doesn't mean it's not
there right all we know is that the data
hasn't demonstrated it's there all right
Kanye continues to be interesting I got
I got a comment from somebody who said
stop talking about Kanye so much you
will be disappointed so you
leave now I'm going to be talking about
Kanye today and probably more because it
fits perfectly with the whole persuasion
theme that I like to talk about plus
he's interesting so we know a little bit
more about his planned run number one
he's given himself 30 days to really
decide so he's not decided to run he's
decided to decide to run and he's given
himself 30 days because after that the
deadlines for for getting into the race
are passed in to many states so he came
up with a so he's running as an
independent
he said provocatively that if he if
Trump were not in the race he would run
as a Republican that's right Kanye said
you would run as a Republican if Trump
were not the Republican candidate did
you see that coming I think you could
sort of suspect it a little bit because
I think Kanye one of his greatest
contributions to the world among quite a
few is his role modeling and weirdly
enough because you know you I know
immediately you're gonna say oh there
was that those things he did which were
not good role model things but there's
there's one thing he does several things
he does that are just the best role
model I mean just crazy good role model
which is first of all how hard he works
right how much do you want a role model
that works that hard that's pretty good
Trump Trump was a hard worker too so we
like that how would you like to have
somebody who has perceives no barriers
to his own success well Trump had that
right Trump never saw a barrier to his
own success and indeed became president
Kanye likewise sees no barriers to music
he was he was like not an inner-city guy
but he still made it in in a field where
people thought you had to be he
succeeded in the fashion you know
gigantically nobody thought that would
happen
people didn't and now he's running for
president and apparently doesn't think
that there's anything that could stop
them so how good is that as a role model
it's great it's great you love to just
see more people like that so there's
that and then there's the talent stack
thing he is stacked talent after talent
together to achieve what he's done so
these are all just tremendous role model
qualities you you know and I know you'll
find other things in this past you'll
say well what about that what about that
and I get that but I think that the big
picture is is the art the creativity
that the skills the ambition the the
mindset everything I thought that's the
overwhelming feeling you get from him I
think we forgive any small imperfections
but so a date you decided to name his
party the birthday party that's right so
Kanye's party is the birthday party
which is kind of genius here's why is
there anybody who doesn't like a
birthday party I suppose there might be
some introverts who don't
but first of all when you hear the word
Democrat I don't know does that have any
uplifting feeling to it Republican
doesn't really feel uplifting doesn't
make you happy it's just a word right
but would you say the birthday party
don't you immediately kind of smile hey
what's the name of your party under did
the birthday party and he explained it
this way he said when he gets elected
it'll be everybody's birthday how
perfect is that yeah when I get elected
it'll be everybody's birthday kind of
really really good all right now I don't
know if he comes up with all of this
themselves or is he not conversation
with other smart people but if you look
at just the first thing he did name his
party kinda nailed it
how about the second thing he did which
has come up with a slogan his slogan is
one word yes and then his name is ye so
he's to Thursday yes just with his name
yeah and and he he clarified it's not
yep
it's not you up it's not yeah it's yes
how much do you love a slogan that is so
ambiguous and yet so clear because yes
is completely ambiguous yes to what what
am i agreeing to on the other hand it's
perfect because you fill in the blanks
don't you my cat is visiting so if you
see a tail go by that would be my cat
boo so we got a slogan one of the best
I've ever seen yes is better than make
America great again
and that's saying a lot because I think
make America great again will go down in
history as one of the great campaign
slogans but yes might be better it might
actually be better so if you're trying
to count him out because oh he's not
serious or whatever I would just point
out that he's in the conversation for
the presidency I would point out that
the first thing two things he did were
kind of genius here are some other
things that will give you pause he's
talking about a systems design approach
to government wow that sounds like
something I might like yeah he's talking
about government in terms of design
oh no if I've often said that if anybody
ever talked about government with those
with that frame as a design problem that
I would support that candidate because
that mindset is exactly what we need
really now when asked about specific
details he said well I haven't I haven't
researched that yet so he doesn't have
an opinion on tax rates for example I
think that's fair and I like I like the
honesty of it you'll say I haven't
looked into that I don't know anything
about that I'll get good people we'll
figure it out kind of like everybody
else so
Kanye serious I would say probably not
in terms of 2020 but it would be very
smart of him to have one let's say
partial run in 2020 because it makes him
the automatic person you think up for
2024 so putting his name in this year is
brilliant no matter what happens because
it's still a better setup for 2024 we
saw with Reagan with Nixon with Trump
you can think of some more presidents
who have an unsuccessful run but then
it's the first person you think of for
the next next election so Trump has been
getting a lot of fire for saying that
the coronavirus fatalities are less than
1% actually what he says is the other
way he says 99% of people will be fine
don't have to worry about it but 1% want
problem and of course the news has said
that's not true you are putting fake
data into the world but is it not true
again we don't have a cabinet-level
position for data analysis someone who
could tell you what I'm going to tell
you now which andre has told me so I'm
gonna get I'm getting it from somebody
smarter if you looked at the total of
confirmed cases it's higher than 1%
depending on where you are at see them
could be 4% but you know it's it's a lot
more than 1% if you're looking at
confirmed cases but one thing we know
with no doubt whatsoever is that the
number of total cases is far bigger than
the number of confirmed cases nobody
disagrees with that and if you were to
look at the number of likely cases you
know just sort of did the math and say
alright if we found this many cases
we're pretty sure there are at least
this many cases so under those
conditions it turns out that the
president is basically right if you
could find all of the infections you
would discover that fewer than 1% of
them are gonna die so you've been
watching the news tell you that the
president's math is
all wrong when the president's math is
all right did you know that you know
when when I saw the president making
that claim I said to myself oh well he's
just exaggerating in his usual way to
draw attention to the fact that the risk
is low ish so that's just his normal
routine but it turns out in this in this
case he's actually just right the the
entire news cycle has been hammering him
on the left anyway hammering him for
being bad at math but he's just right
and and the public can't tell the
difference there's a new bottle coming
out which should be no more reliable
than all the other models for
coronavirus deaths the new bottle says
that without masks you might have
200,000 deaths by November first and
keep in mind November 1st is not the day
that the virus goes away November 1st
might be the day that the virus starts
getting much much worse so the model
says 200,000 by November first and then
God knows what happens after November
first because it's not going to get
better unless the virus magically goes
away or we magically have a vaccine
which I don't expect so and then if we
do wear masks this particular model it
doesn't even matter where it came from
you don't even know you don't even need
to know the details
none of these models are terribly
accurate we assumed that it would be
only you something 160 some thousand
deaths if people wore masks so that if
you do the math or something like a
forty five thousand death difference
between masks and no masks
why is this reported on CNN well
obviously they're trying to produce a
number that they can pin on the
president for being the number of people
he killed by not wearing a mask in
public you know where this is heading
right the whole setup is just to create
an actual number from an expert that
they can pin on the President as the
number of people be killed of course the
Republicans play the same game with the
with let's say mayor I'm sorry Governor
Cuomo
by saying well you know he's responsible
for X number of deaths and the senior
senior care facilities I'm not sure that
putting a death count on all of our
participation x' is the best way to go
but it does help
I gotta admit now wouldn't you like to
see a data expert look at this new claim
on this new model and tell you if you
should care about it I kind of like that
maybe it can't be a cabinet position
because then they wouldn't be
independent so maybe there needs to be
some kind of independent data analysis
entity that doesn't have a political
affiliation that would be better all
right so if we get to two hundred
thousand deaths and I don't know if we
will but if we do
there were people and I asked this
question early on I said to people if
you think this is just the flu what
number of deaths would change your mind
and one smart person I asked that
question Oh said two hundred thousand so
we have this interesting situation where
we still have the two worlds where one
part of the population thinks the United
States anyway still thinks this is just
sort of a bad flu and we shouldn't take
it so seriously cuz it's it's baseline
danger for being a human being in the
world but at around 200,000 deaths
people started saying okay okay you got
me this is not a normal flu that's
that's a lot of deaths I think we're
gonna get there but we'll see still the
wild card is nobody knows why flus ever
go away nobody knows why a virus ever
goes away the normal virus this one any
they don't know why they go away but
maybe that will happen and the funniest
thing is that one of the things Trump
got criticized the most for is saying
that the virus might just go away which
turns out to be completely
scientifically valid sometimes the virus
just goes away and we don't know why so
is it impossible that this one would go
away well why is the death count
shopping does anybody know the death
keynote today somebody says our deaths
being recorded accurately probably not
but they're probably being recorded
consistently meaning that you know what
if one Hospital is doing it a certain
way they're probably going to continue
but in total you should see the pattern
is either going toward fewer or more so
the direction would be more important
and the direction seems down
unambiguously yeah somebody said where's
the where's the Spanish flu are you
telling me that of all the people in the
world that that literally all of them
would somehow get rid of it or become
immune to the Spanish flu not a single
person still has it to continue giving
it to another person nobody there's
something wrong with how we understand
viruses and it makes it feel like we're
in a simulation and the virus is just a
software update I mean it feels like
that because it just has a beginning and
an end and we don't know why it has
either one
I guess beginning we kind of know all
right that is what I wanted to say for
today note the degree to which I have
extended my powers of freedom of speech
take note of my technique in case you
would have to like to have better
freedom of speech yourself number one
that always has to be number one if you
want to maintain your maximum freedom of
speech without getting cancelled and yes
yes I know freedom of speech is about
the Constitution it's about the
government it's not about the people
 you you everybody who
tells me free speech is only about the
government all of you
that's you're just living in the past in
the present free speech for a practical
purposes is about how other people treat
you because of cancellation culture so I
don't want to hear anybody correcting me
their free speech is about what only the
government does because you're just
living in the past I'm not I have no
interest in living in the past with you
you're welcome to live in the past
please go live in the past if you enjoy
it but don't bring me there
in the past so anyway the most important
thing you need to do to to maximize your
freedom of speech is to show that you
have good intentions if your intentions
are good people will give you a lot of
latitude because it'll say well you
means well maybe that's not the way I
would have worded that but as soon as
they think you mean or mean wrong
everything you say will just sound like
it happens to that filter so you see
that with President Trump everybody who
thinks he means well here's some saying
things that don't sound that bad
everybody to thinks he's you know evil
incarnate they hear everything is the
worst possible description oh can
somebody remind me speaking of that
darkened divisive was the term that the
Democrats started trotting out again
after Trump's speech at Mount Rushmore
correct me if I'm wrong but I thought I
heard a clip in which Kelly mackaninee
used their own term against them and
called the the Democrats dark and
divisive did I hear that because if I
did and I think I did that was one of
the most clever things ever not by
itself but imagine if you will that dark
and divisive is powerful that's why they
use it because they have advice from
people who understand these things and
they know it's a powerful phrase if you
are trying to take the power out of a
powerful phrase that your opponents are
using against you how would you do it
well one way would be if it's mockable
if there was something about the words
dark and divisive that just
automatically becomes something you
could joke about or you could make
somebody think about it as a joke that
would work but I don't see that
opportunity with dark and divisive
there's nothing really funny about that
right so you can't go the mocking route
but what you can do is take the power
out of it you know as as jay-z famously
says about the n-word the reason you
would use it a lot in his songs is to
take the power out of it so if if the
Republicans started using darkened
divisive
as a go-to description of Democrats
because taking down statues is pretty
darkened devices right all right I'm
getting confirmation that she did
exactly that if she continues to do that
it completely takes dark and divisive
off the table because if you started
hearing it as a generic thing that any
politician says about the other side is
empty she can actually she can actually
open that thing up remove its guts and
give it back to you as an as an empty
empty vessel and she did it once and let
me ask you this from the moment that
Kaylee McEnaney said dark and divisive
as as a description of anything the
Democrats are doing after that did you
hear any Democrats using it because she
might have killed it she may have killed
it with one sentence because I don't
think I've seen this in sign have you
can anybody confirm that there's any
national figure who has used the phrase
darkened divisive about the Republicans
after mcenany took the power out of it
because you know if they keep doing it
she's gonna keep doing it so if you hear
the Democrats revive that that dark and
divisive thing I think the Republicans
are just going to revive it at the same
time and just neutral which i think is a
brilliant play that I don't believe I've
seen anybody else smart enough to do so
again it's obvious to me that mackaninee
is just operating at a different level
than what we've seen before maybe ever
really she's just operating at a
different level all right that's all I
have to do for now and I will talk to
you tomorrow