Papa Papa home phone
boom hey Joanne hey Gillian hey dirty
uncle
hey eunuchs Robbie Russell hey Olga come
on in here if you get in here on time it
will be time for you to enjoy the
unparalleled pleasure that's called the
simultaneous hip
oh-ho you know how it goes it goes
something like this you grab your mug
your cup your vessel your chalice your
your cup you fill it with your favorite
beverage you lift it to your lips and
you simultaneously sip on my mark
go mmm all right so in the headlines
the FBI has submitted his reports this
report is not an investigation it's just
a write-up of some people they talk to
and of course all of the conversation
will be about hey was that the FBI
investigation good enough now as I said
before the the Democrats sort of trapped
themselves with this hold demand for one
week of an FBI investigation
and although the following conversation
never took place
I want you to imagine it as if it had
I'm going to one of the characters in
this one-act play will be Dale Dale the
anti-trump er you could imagine cory
booker or anybody else and the other
character will be President Trump
it's a one-act play and it goes like
this
president Trump you have to you have to
have a full investigation a follow
investigation with you know with the FBI
investigating and looking into this
otherwise we can't vote it's a it's all
wrong we have to have an F the FBI
investigation
well are you just trying to delay cuz it
feels like you're just trying to delay
delay are you killing us delay we just
want one week just one week of an FBI
investigation just like they did with
Anita Hill just one week that's all and
then got to be a full investigation
President Trump so if I let them
investigate for a one week then I would
have satisfied the main thing you're
asking that's right I know you'll never
do it you'll never do it you're never
going to investigate because you don't
want the truth all we need is one week
President Trump okay how bad I say yes
let's have that one week investigation
in which we talk to people there must be
three or four people we haven't talked
to who apparently have nothing important
to say or we would have already talked
to them but we will do that I think
you're absolutely right let's get to the
bottom of this let's have one week of
one full robust week of maximum FBI
investigation and then you'll be happy
right what's happening here I don't
understand what's happening here well
what's happening is you asked for
something and you said it was very
important and I'm offering it to you the
FBI and I'm granting it a one-week
investigation oh I see the trick it's
gonna be overly narrow you're narrowing
it it's too narrow it's too narrow well
good point I think I'll tell the FBI to
make sure they do what they need to do
we won't we won't narrow it too much
just talk to the people they think are
necessary what's happening what's
happening here I don't know what's
happening here well Dale I'm giving you
what you're asking for
I don't like there is and scene so the
funny part here as I look for my power
cord is that the Democrats totally
walked into a narrow ravine and
surrendered well we're in the narrow
ravine what happens now I like being
this narrow ravine who are those guys up
on the ledge they seem to be armed I
don't I think it'll work out that's sort
of what's happening now so the so it's
hilarious theater and the claim that the
Democrats had that the process wasn't
fair just went from a reasonably good
claim to a pretty weak claim because now
it's not you haven't investigated them
now it's just well maybe you could have
talked to some other people or or maybe
those people who investigated for hours
at a time the people who testified
Cavanaugh and Ford maybe we needed to
ask them more questions as if they had
something else to say so the Democrats
have a very weak hand here's another
another good week for the president I
would say that Cavanaugh will certainly
be approved unless there's some new
surprise today
now here's an interesting factoid the
because the Democrats treated Cavanaugh
as a solid block of no votes you know
there were no Democrats who were saying
if it may be because they voted along
party lines and it was clear that they
would before any accusations came out or
anything else it made it safe for the
administration the Trump administration
to do any kind of power play they want
because the Democrats had signaled
so so completely their lack of
willingness to be part of the system as
we know it the advice and consent once
they gave up all legitimacy as part of
the process it was no longer reasonable
to negotiate with them so while they're
asking for can we have some other give
us another nominee you could imagine
that in some earlier time imagine if you
would for example that half of the
Democrats had a problem with them and
maybe a few Republicans were wondering
too that in sort of aid normal working
together a collegial situation you could
imagine where the president might say
you know maybe a different president but
might say you know there are enough
people concerned we've got to get this
right I'm gonna have to you know we're
going to take all these opinions into
consideration and maybe move on to
another person but because the Democrats
were a solid block it is absolute
permission for the Republicans to vote
is a solid block and to simply counter
you know counter to the other side
because you want a little bit of balance
of power right you don't want one power
to be able to ID to be able to walk over
the other outside of the system but it's
less of a problem if the majority if the
majority is getting what it wants which
looks like that's gonna happen so the
Democrats gave up all credibility by
voting as a solid block without without
regard to really any information and so
the Republicans have the same free pass
it's a total free pass to vote abit now
I would say that the the larger question
of can we let somebody like like
Kavanagh be taken down by accusations of
things he did when he was 17 can we can
we live in that world and the answer is
solidly no solidly no I I also suspect
that male voters a lot of male vote
are going to be defecting the Democrats
I don't know if you'll have a lot of
female voters defecting Republicans over
this probably some because it's a big
country so there's always somebody doing
something but I would expect therefore
every Republican woman who might say I'm
gonna go with the Democrats on this one
because of this issue there might be 25
men who say I don't want to live in the
world where you know an accusation is
enough so it was a great article by Bret
Stevens in The New York Times about how
he's an apparently he's no Trump fan but
in this particular case he prefers the
bully it's one of those strange
situations where if the bullies on your
side you kind of like a bully because
you don't want to get bullied and the
best person to stop you from getting
bullied is a bully
I will tell you that in high school you
know bullying of course is a thing in
every school but in my high school the
the biggest physically the biggest most
dangerous toughest bully was a friend of
mine
I liked him you know we you know we did
a lot of stuff together we played sports
together and stuff and so when lesser or
bullies attempted to bully me it didn't
really work because the biggest bully
was on my side
I don't think I planned it that way
I don't remember my thinking but Trump
is kind of like that he's the bigger
bully so there are a lot of men who are
looking at this situation saying I'm not
sure this is fair anymore because
remember it wasn't long ago that the
complaint against men sounded like this
it was a you know male privilege white
male privilege and what I hear stuff
like that I say to myself okay that's
that's actually a real thing not in
every situation I don't think the
unemployed
Exce steelworker and the Rust Belt has
got a lot of bail for Evan the white
male privilege but I do so I would say
that there's definitely a white male
privilege that exists so somebody
complains about it I'm gonna say well
it's not some kind of universal thing I
don't know what to do about it it's not
necessarily you know fairness to try to
adjust that there are a lot of things
you can say about it but at least you're
talking about something that's a real
thing and you can you could say all
right I may not agree but it's a
legitimate conversation but does it feel
like it went past that there went past
that to outright anti male behavior to
me it felt like the Cavanagh thing was
proxy revenge proxy meaning a stand-in
that there were a lot of a lot of women
and a lot of probably a lot of Democrats
in general who felt like victims a lot
of women who were literally victims of
men in their past and a lot of Democrats
who probably feel like victims just
because their party is not in power and
they're afraid of Trump etc so it feels
to me like the attacks Cavanagh were you
know partly naked politics as you'd
expect them but they they seem to be
fueled you know the energy behind them
the the enthusiasm wasn't just about
abortion because as I've said before the
states would probably keep the abortion
laws largely intact in most places not
everywhere but it seemed to me that this
was more of a revenge situation did it
feel that way to you to me it felt like
that people I didn't know were taking
revenge on people like me people like
Kavanagh because they were very angry
about other things that have happened
and that is such a big important thing
that you have to stop that you can't
have a civilization where people get
proxy revenge
this was revenge against Trump it was
revenge against every man who had every
wrong them
it was hatred of white people by some
people not everybody you know nothing
I'm saying is you know true of every
person
these are generalities but it felt like
anti white anti-male anti-trump it was
just proxy revenge at least for the
public for the public it felt like
revenge for the politicians it was more
of a power grab in which they were
manipulating the emotions of their their
people did any of you see an interview
that Alyssa Milano may gave on I think
it was MSNBC in which she actually
speculated that Trump had some kind of
cult like mind control going on and as
she said it you actually saw the the
host on MSNBC MSNBC the most the the
group they probably hates Trump more
than anybody and they just looked at
each other like when she's talking about
his cult like mind control abilities the
the hosts are just like you know even
they weren't even on board so once again
we see a an overreach that is almost
certainly going to activate more men
than women and to the degree that they
the Democrats have have branded
themselves as the anti male party and
that's what it is now I would say that
it wasn't long ago that I would have
said that the Democrats were more Pro
women and I would have said that might
be a good idea yeah could be healthy
I like the competitive you know
democratic process where there are
parties that are different they've got a
distinct point of view they might be
advocates for some group more than
others as long as it's explicit as long
as we can vote against it or for it okay
with a good healthy
petition of ideas so there's nothing
inherently wrong with having one of the
major parties be far more heavily you
know female centric there's nothing
wrong with that you know but I think
they overshot the mark and they've gone
- they've been emboldened and become
bullies and they've become flat-out
anti-male at this point in a way that
the Democrats are I'm sorry in a way
that the Republicans are unambiguously
not anti-female the Republicans do have
a number of policies about reproductive
rights and stuff that women would not
prefer by a majority I believe I think
that's true that women by the majority
would not prefer those things but
there's nothing in the Republican
philosophy that's based on a dislike or
an animus to women in fact it's the
opposite the reason conservatives you
know are pro-life includes women you
know or the female female fetuses shall
we say if you want to be specific the
the Republicans are specifically trying
to protect women from immigration crime
they're trying to protect women from
being aborted but they do not give them
the same they would prefer that women
not have the same options for
reproductive rights in some cases but
there's no hatred about it it's just a
difference of what's the best way to
organize society on the on the Democrat
side there's actual hatred and when was
the last time you saw anything that
looked like well I'll hold back that
question there's always something so
that's enough about that
so the anti male party has probably made
one of the probably this this Kavanagh
situation there's a nonzero chance
the historians will look back at this as
the worst mistake a political party ever
made now you could argue that when
Hillary Clinton said her deplorable z'
comment that was you know a gigantic
problem but that was one person making
one comment in one place you know so it
turned out poorly but you can't say that
was the party the whole Cavanaugh thing
really is about the whole party because
it's an organized party wide attempt and
I think historians are going to say it
just looked so anti-male that they just
killed themselves you know they just
shot themselves in the foot there's a
story today moving on about apparently
China managed to cleverly insert a very
tiny you know grain of rice sized chip
on a lot of circuit boards that end up
ended up as components in a lot of
different technology in different
countries and this little chip would
give them the ability to control those
machines or monitor them or spy on them
apparently it's a really big deal
because there's so many so many devices
that have this spy chip on them now I
have two reactions to that number one
apparently it was a pretty awesome spy
accomplishment so if you're just if
you're just trying to assess how good a
job it was how capable the Chinese are
you know how well do they spy a Plus
sort of an A+ spy operation until they
got caught who knows who knows how to
help them until then but man that's some
good spy work that's a good spy work
except that they got caught now if you
are lucky in that in isolation you would
say to yourself you know that's you know
all the countries are spying against
each other if we could have done it to
them we certainly would have you know we
didn't have the opportunity I'm sure
we're spying on them there's
and us it's a tie but when you throw
that in with the fact that the majority
of the artificial fentanyl is coming
from China and we assume that they could
do a lot more to stop it it may be
intentional so they have a massive you
know hacking and spying operations
against us
they're killing 10 - I don't know maybe
10 to 40 thousand people a year with
their their fentanyl that they could
stop and they're stealing intellectual
property which is the the basis for our
entire economy now and you know I hope
they're being helpful in North Korea but
you know one has some doubts about that
now given all of that how interested in
my in reaching a trade deal with China a
lot less interested that I was a week
ago a lot less interested so China I
just want you to know that you know
you've certainly lost face because the
fentanyl situation in particular you got
caught with the spying and you're not
willing apparently to do a good trade
deal with the United States and you're
encroaching on the South China Seas and
expanding I would say China your brand
is the worst I've seen it in years and
China you should be ashamed
the the proper feeling for Chinese
citizens should be shame because you're
exporting death to your customers the
United States people who should be your
allies shame on you shame on China shame
on President Xi for this situation and
from you know I I certainly don't want
anything bad to happen to US companies
because of a trade war with China but my
vote you know and the government might
need to prop up some of the US
industries because this I'd be in favor
that but I say go hard on China as hard
as it as hard as we need to go for as
long as we need to go
and if that takes down the Chinese
economy by 20% that's not our problem
it's time to put China on notice I had
been not a china Hawk until they were
implicated in the death of my stepson
this week who died of a fentanyl
overdose for those of you don't know
we'll be burying him on Saturday and
there's no way to know that that
specific dose of fentanyl came from
China but apparently most of it does
most of it does and so China you are my
enemy as long as this is going on and
you should be ashamed you should be
ashamed and I've never been more
supportive of president Trump's trade
war than I am right now so the other
funniest thing that's going on is that
we've been watching for I don't know how
long have we been watching President
Trump criticized the FBI because of
politicize
politicize politician polarization is
that the word because the FBI was
allegedly politicized about the election
and people I've McCabe instruct and Lisa
page were you know allegedly politicized
and it made the FBI look politicized but
what did the Democrats say the whole
time the FBI is not politicized you
should trust the FBI stop criticizing
the FBI and then the FBI does this extra
interviews for the Cavanaugh situation
and what does the left say that's not
good enough
what kind of FBI investigation is that
well the first thing is is not really an
investigation it's just a background
check and although these these two
situations are entirely different right
there's really logically there's nothing
in common with what's Rock and page and
those people were doing with these
interviews completely different people
completely different situation
right but in our minds in our minds the
credibility of the FBI is still sort of
the the summary of both of those stories
and so now the left who has been
defending the FBI for all of its
goodness and my god they would never be
political has to look at this situation
and completely reverse their opinion
so assuming Kavanaugh gets approved it's
gonna it's gonna make Trump look
stronger it's gonna make Trump look more
like he is fighting on the side of the
underdog the the falsely accused it's
gonna make every accusation made against
Trump himself you know the various women
who made accusations against them it's
going to make all of them look less
credible just by osmosis you know just
by association with a story because the
because the story is coming out of the
Kavanaugh story were extraordinarily
non-credible at least two of them were
you know one of them had at least a
credible person who has no you know I
witnesses to her story so and that's the
most credible one so all of this lack of
credibility on Kavanaugh sort of you
know transfers to all of us and Trump in
particular so I would say that women in
terms of the the believability of women
well let me let me say this as clearly
as possible what the Democrats would
like is that women be believed when they
make claims so that would be I would say
that would be on the top of the stated
list of what they want the unstated
stuff is you know they want power they
want to win and stuff like that but of
these stated objectives the things
clearly and consistently said by the
Democrats is we need to be in a world
where women are below
lived with these accusations what is the
outcome of all this Cavanaugh stuff when
he gets approved and confirmed which I
think is going to happen what what will
what will happen to the credibility of
women way way down
wouldn't you say now again I'm not
talking about truth truth we we're not
going to really ever know what happened
35 years ago so the truth is beyond our
beyond our grasp but in terms of
credibility do you believe it enough to
act on it do you trust the person saying
it enough to act on it and find out you
know the real facts in terms of
credibility women have taken the biggest
hit to credibility I've ever seen so if
you were a woman and you wanted to be
part of a party that was helping you you
would have to see that the Democrats
have destroyed the credibility of women
with this Cavanagh thing only because of
the overreach only because only because
at least some of the claims and I'm
specifically talking about that the gang
rape claims are so wildly unbelievable
that they sort of morph in your mind as
one big not credible false outgas at
accusations my god women will do
anything to stop this white man you know
none of this is necessarily fact-based
but it's the how it feels to all of us
so I think women took a gigantic hit on
this because their credibility will be
forever a CAV inaud forever forever a
Christian forted you know every time a
woman makes a claim of this nature a man
who is going through this system is
gonna say well that sounds a lot like
Christine Ford that sounds a lot like
there was accusers of Kavanaugh that I
didn't believe because those particular
ones didn't reach my own level of
credibility so women taking a big hit on
this which is not good for anybody
all right yeah whose it's gonna be
harder for women now the so do you do
you agree with me therefore every woman
who may have changed sides because of
this you know for every woman who may
have gone over to the Democrats because
of this issue don't you think that the
number of men who turned against the
Democrats might be 10 times at least and
I don't think it's close it looks like
this is just massively positive for
Republicans like massively because the
people who were anti Republican pretty
much they're going to stay there the
people who were on the fence are gonna
look at this and say that is an ugly
party you know did the did the Democrats
literally organize fake sexual abuse
accusations against a white male in
public to stop him we'll never know but
it sure looks that way all right so it's
gonna register that way to a lot of
people yes and I don't know if I have
the name right Hirano is that senator
from Hawaii who said that men should
shut up she might be the worst thing
that ever happened to women let me ask
you this and I don't know if this is
question just for men but you can all
you can all chime in
is it her on her on e her on the I
forget the name of the senator but when
she said men should just shut up and
step up it started with the shut up you
know that was sort of the the first part
of that thought the step up part nobody
can disagree was stepping up right so
there's no man who says oh man should
not step up but when the first part of
that is shut up I would say that was the
worst
catastrophe for women might be the worst
thing that's happened for women I know
in ten years
what's the can you think of anything
else that was worse for women than a
senator believing it would be okay to
just go anti mail and not take you back
no apology you know no no nuance just
men should shut up probably the most
destructive thing Hirano yeah probably
the most destructive thing any woman did
for the cause of women in I can't I
can't think of my mother I can't think
of anything worse can anybody come up
with anything that that was worse for
women than that because it it was one
thing to sort of suspect that women were
you know just hated men it was one thing
to suspect that there were a lot of man
haters on the Democrat side but to
actually have it explicitly stated and
then not taken back and not I believe
nobody on her side really criticized
that today there must been somebody let
me let me now say nobody well I can't
remember seeing a lot of Democrats
saying yeah I think she went too far she
should take that part back
not that I care either way but I didn't
see it happen so I would say that this
is a largely a catastrophe for the the
power of women in society women have
massively lost credibility the Democrats
have shown themselves as anti-male
they've they've shown a willingness to
embrace guilty until innocent as long as
it's a man who's involved you know I I
always hate the arguments that say well
imagine if this had happened to Obama or
imagine if somebody else had done this
what if a Republican had tried this I
hate all of those arguments but I think
we could agree in this case that if the
if the candidate for the supreme court
had been a woman and had she been
accused with flimsy charges there isn't
the slightest chance that Democrats
would say we should have believed the
accuser if let's say the accuser was a
man and the candidate was a woman I
don't think there's any chance Democrats
would have said the the standard here is
that you should believe the accuser not
a chance you know I've said before that
the black lives matter was both genius
and terrible as a slogan all right
forget about the movement itself and
what you think about them just talking
about the persuasion benefit of the
slogan itself if you can if you can
compartmentalize for a moment I've said
that black lives matter was genius in
the sense that it makes you immediately
say well what about other people other
people matter - and then you're
immediately called the racist because
you have not embraced that that black
lives matter
so as a clever trap sort of like do you
still beat your wife it's like now I
don't know then you used to yes I still
beat my wife than your wife beater
there's no right answer
there's no right response to black lives
matter so on one level it's genius
and it got tons of attention it became a
national brand so in all of the levels
that or at least most of the levels that
a brand and a slogan work on it
definitely worked but here's the problem
it was also racist
it's just racist because when you say
black lives matter you are indicating
that there's something special going on
their race lies which is exactly the
opposite of a colorblind society will
never be called a
but it's the opposite of everybody being
treated the same and some and working
toward you know some more practical
level of equality not just a legal level
of equality and I think that for that
black lives matter thing people tried to
be polite and you know embrace it
because if you don't get caught up in
the actual words there's there's a good
point at the bottom of it you know I've
told you before I've backed Cavanaugh
I'm sorry I backed Colin Kaepernick for
being an effective advocate for
improving the situation for black people
and I think that as a protester a plus
but I think the situation with the
Kavanagh is sort of the same problem as
black lives matter and again I'm not
talking about black people and not
talking about women I'm only talking
about the persuasiveness of the slogan
alright we're only talking about the
persuasion layer here you can have your
own opinions about the politics of it
and the morality of it and everything
else but when women started to
characterize this as believe women that
didn't look like believed people did it
if you see somebody carrying a sign that
says believe women isn't that just
sexist because there are lots of victims
in the world and I think I don't know if
this is true but I would guess the
majority of victims of violence are
probably male just because men are you
know closer to violence all the time and
I don't see anybody saying believe the
believe the accuser because that would
be a non sexist way to say it but
believe women is really registering my
mind as don't believe men I I can't my
brain can't process that as being an
objective statement about believe the
cusers it just sounds like you should
believe women over men that is such an
overreach and such a violation of what
the Constitution was about such a such a
reversal of hundreds of years of
progress toward something closer to
equality that I've got a feeling men men
reached their limit I I have a
personality characteristic and I wonder
I always wonder how common it is and my
personality characteristic is this I I
am not bothered by things as they get
worse and worse it's like yeah that's
trivial
okay that's more than trivial but I'm
still not bothered us pretty bad but I
got other things to worry about until
things reach a certain level and then I
just sort of unlike a bit that got
flipped I just go from 0 to 1 well I
don't have any in-between it's just
always been true and I've got a feeling
that men looking at this Cavanagh
situation had always been sort of you
know they had empathy for both sides
they were trying to see the logic of it
trying to put it in a framework of
civilization in the Constitution and the
rule of law and you know that she won
the other foot how would you like it to
be I think they were you know thinking
of the conceptual stuff and what's best
and stuff like that but by the time you
get to believe women and you look at
that sign and you say to yourself
believe women
how about believe accusers where are the
men in this equation do we not believe
them it feels like it feels like men are
just gonna snap I don't think I I think
that we missed all of the all of the
in-between pushback because society
doesn't let men push back all right I'm
not saying that should necessarily be
different but we live in a world where
men don't
really speak freely I suppose that's
true of women too just people don't
speak freely
so there's between I'm ok with you so
between the levels of you know you have
a good point let's talk about your point
there may not be some unfairness here
I'd like to help you get to the bottom
of it you know so between the reasonable
oh yeah I hear you and let's be
reasonable about this and believe women
and and deny this guy a job and ruin his
life based on an accusation that's a big
gap and I think men were just largely
sort of silent during that whole gap but
when they hits the point of believe
women over men which is really what it
turned into I think men just think a bit
just flipped and you I'm not yet ready
to predict a red wave but it is lining
up that way it's lining up that way as
maybe the certainly it will be the
biggest here I'll give you a prediction
that's a safe one they'll probably be
the biggest gender difference in the
vote that we've ever seen so you're
gonna see far more men voting for
Republicans far more women as percentage
voting for Democrats and I think that
will solidify the the Democrats as sort
of the anti male party they used to be
the pro more Pro women Pro ethnicities
they've just completely forgotten about
black people far as I can tell when was
the last time when was the last time you
saw the Democrats talk about something
that would be good for the for
african-americans like I don't remember
I don't remember seeing it it's been a
while so let's talk about so Kayne
speaking of Kaepernick Kayne has tweeted
he is offered to broker a meeting
between Kaepernick and president Trump
how great is that
now that's like the coolest thing that's
happened all year how much do you want
to see Kanye West literally introduced
Kaepernick to President Trump in the
Oval Office and then close the door and
then they have a chat how much do you
want to see that I mean I want to see
that a lot and that doesn't mean they
have to agree they could walk out and
captor neck and say you know this didn't
work out for me but the it's definitely
the right thing to do the wrong thing to
do is to keep complaining and not get in
the same room and talk about what you
can do about it that's the wrong
approach
Kanye unambiguously has the right
approach
let's put them in the same room and look
at the space that Kanye has carved out
in society you know I've been telling
you this since I don't 2007 or something
I've been telling you that whatever you
think about his capabilities you need to
increase that opinion because you have a
seriously effective person here who's
been seriously effective in a number of
different fields and he's not stopping
he's not slowing down you you're not
going to get less less yay let's let's
call the VA he's changed his name from
Kanye da I'm not quite on board with the
change only because when I talk about it
in public I'm not sure all of you know
of the change so you know he's still in
transition let's say yay pulls this off
and it seems like you should be able to
do that it would be exactly the right
thing for a Kaepernick to do and it
would be exactly from the right thing
for the president to do it would be an
example of citizen activism in this case
I'm talking about yay that would be one
of the best examples of citizen activism
you'll ever see you know why would why
would ya do this you know it's not music
it's not designing clothes seems like
it's animus
why would he do it because he can
because he can that's the reason he has
he has the ability to do this thing that
maybe nobody else has in the in the
whole freaking 7 billion people in the
world can you think of one other person
who could put those two people in the
same room and sit there with them and be
considered a you know a reasonably
objective arbiter you know a third party
where did Dennis Rodman go Dennis Rodman
has sort of a substance problem I think
they can't be ignored but I have a lot
of respect for Dennis Rodman for his
this is weird to say this will be the
strangest thing you've ever heard of you
say I have a lot of respect for Dennis
Rodman's political opinions you know he
doesn't go deep on the policies but he's
a very open-minded
you know practical I have a lot of
respect for Dennis Rodman for his
politics so I wouldn't mind seeing him
in the room either but not on this issue
okay that's all for now I'm gonna go do
something else and I will talk to you
all later let's keep checking the news
find out how this FBI investigation
turns I don't and we'll talk to you
later if I can turn this off