hey
everybody I've got a little technology
problem today so if the sound is not as
good you don't need to tell me because I
already know it coming to you from my
phone instead of my iPad my iPad is not
working for reasons
unclear but in any event you're here now
and you're here in time time to enjoy
the simultaneous zp grab your cup your
mug Your Vessel your Stein your jealous
your tankered your thermos fill it with
your favorite liquid and join me now for
the simultaneous
sip oh that's good
sipping so there's an interesting quote
from uh ex Senator Bob carry Bob KY was
famous for being a
blunt a little bit too honest Senator a
Democrat he says of his fellow Democrats
that they are quote suffering from two
major delusions he actually uses the
word delusions so this is important so
there's an ex
Democrat an ex- Senator Bob Cary who's
calling other Democrats
delusional his two examples are the
first he writes it or opad is quote is
that Americans long for a president who
will ask us to pay more for the pleasure
of increasing the role of the Federal
Government in other words socialism so
he thinks the first illusion is that
there are enough people in the country
who want
socialism but the second one he says
quote is second delusion is that
Americans were robbed of the truth when
special prosecutor Rob meller and
attorney general bar concluded that
President Trump did not collude with
Russia
uh and he doesn't think the full report
will change any so they're under the
delusion that they were robbed of the
truth uh which is funny by itself
now what I think is interesting about
this is that it does it does seem as
though citizens are waking up to the
fact on both sides that they have been
duped by their media and I'm going to
give you a very annoying demonstration
of
that um I wish if I if my iPad worked I
would be taking calls actually I'm going
to wait on that uh because I need to
take calls to do this
right but let's just say that there's a
big uh delusion on the right that I'm
going to amazingly debunk for you but I
can't do it on my phone because the
microphone doesn't work on my phone Etc
all right let's talk about secretary
neelen quitting or being fired from
Homeland Security one of the things I
tell you about this president that I
really like about his technique is that
when we're in a situation where he can't
figure out how to move you know he gets
sort of Trapped By the options it's like
well if you go this way it doesn't work
if you go this way it doesn't work and
you have no options so what does Trump
do in any situation where the situation
is frozen and there there are no real
good options that are enough for
everybody he shakes the box he takes
that box and he says these variables
don't work shake shake shake shake shake
how about now nope still not there shake
shake shake shake shake and by replacing
nson he's simply introducing new
variables so if you're if you're looking
at it on the simple level you say well
how good was she how good is the
replacement you know did you get a
replacement who's as good as the person
you got rid of that's sort of the
lowlevel way to look at this the higher
level way is that the variables we had
didn't work so he just shook the
freaking box and changed the
variables now one of the things that
apparently reportedly who knows how real
this is
reportedly um the president has
suggested a number of terrible ideas for
the Border one of them was to get rid of
Border immigration
judges in other words if you don't have
any judges you're not going to slow up
the system because there's there's
nobody waiting for a judge so he said
just get rid of them and just don't have
any amasty apparently now that would be
I think illegal and it would be very
unwise according to the people who
disagree but he sure shook the Box
didn't he he took some variables that
were not in play not in the conversation
shook shook shook Shook and now we're
talking about it now it could be that
his initial idea was no good but that's
that's the lowest level of thinking
about this situation every time he
shakes the box every time he asks a
ridiculous question he's giving us the
bad idea and when he introduces the bad
version of the idea it makes us all
focus on the topic and there might be
somebody who has a good idea so I've
I've actually literally taught this
technique a number of times on Periscope
and in my books in Hollywood it's called
the the bad idea where you don't know
how to solve a plot for example let's
say you're a writer and you don't know
how to how to fix the the plot so
instead of sitting there saying nothing
if you're in a team of writers somebody
will propose the bad idea so well okay
this is the bad idea but suppose an
alien came down and you know did
something and people will say that's
stupid it's not even a movie about
aliens but that does make me think about
an outside force coming in so what if it
were the Army and then suddenly you
worked from the bad idea to a good
idea it's a it's a specific
brainstorming technique the president
every time he throws out a ridiculous
idea that gets reported to us out of
context we only see it out of context we
say that might be the D idea is he is he
uninformed like why would anybody say
something so off-the-wall and ridiculous
and
impractical and the reason is it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter that the idea
is off thewall and impr practical it
only matters that he's changing the
focus he's changing the variables he's
shaking the Box he's getting everybody
thinking about it he's getting us
thinking about it in new ways he's
introducing new ways to think about it
and that's a very productive process
maybe somebody will come up with
something all right so that's enough
about the Border
um uh Kim Jong-un has released some new
uh propaganda
videos they are
astonishingly
nonthreatening in other words he was
doing a bunch of propaganda in which
he's climbing a mountain and visiting
some factories and stuff but here's the
the best part apparently it was reported
and obviously we do not believe this to
be true but that Kim Jong-un climbed the
highest mountain in North
Korea and he reported allegedly said
according to the press in North Korea he
said that the feeling was more powerful
than nuclear weapons so he said the
feeling that one gets from climbing the
highest mountain in North Korea is more
powerful than nuclear
weapons read between the lines
do you see it yet this is Kim Jong-un
softening up his his country for the
notion that being smart and having
character and being
dedicated is more powerful than nuclear
weapons so he's demoting the power of
his own nuclear weapons because that's
how he transitions his own population to
I told you it was a good idea to build
this nuclear capability so that we could
become the generation 4 test bed for the
world I don't know if that'll happen but
some version of hey nuclear weapons are
not the answer they're just on the way
to the answer it's just part of the
process of getting to the answer the
real answer is character and brains and
working together and you know diplomacy
and so that that appears to be the story
that they're they're starting to craft
and maybe test it out a little bit
all right
um what of I keep hearing on
Twitter some of the most loser
advice that you will ever see and I've
said this before but it's one of those
things that you need to you need to
remind people every now and then and the
topic is this when I'm talking about
climate change or or nuclear power or
any of that I'll often get people people
who come in usually people on the left
sometimes the right and they will say to
me or anybody who listens to me on
Twitter they'll say
ha so you're getting your science now
from a
cartoonist
ha how stupid of you to listen to a
cartoonist about science oh my God
what's wrong with
you and here's my reaction to
that what was President Trump's um
experience and being a politician before
he became the most powerful politician
on the planet or even the most Pol
powerful
politician maybe in the history of
civilization you know you could
argue done he had he had the wrong kind
of experience it didn't
matter what kind of experience did a C
have before she ran for
congress
bartender did a little worked on a
campaign I guess bartender now she's the
most important voice I would say on the
right so she did that from
bartender um then you have my
contribution to the climate change SL
nuclear
stuff I climbed into the climate change
argument enough to find out this
critical point then no matter the truth
of it you know the underlying truth of
the science and how bad it is no matter
the details it still has one
solution go hard at Green Technology at
the same time you're going hard at
Generation 4 Green nuclear technology
there isn't really a second good option
there's only one option and it also
doesn't matter the details of whether
climate change is a big problem or not
the the path forward is identical now
who came up with that before I did lots
of people right there were probably lots
of people especially people who knew
Generation 4 nuclear stuff they knew
that that was a smart path forward but
it wasn't well known so what did I add
to the process well I added my voice I
added a dissemination of that truth that
a few people knew Mark Schneider being
among them uh key key voice in this
conversation right now is uh and by the
way if you go to the
interface uh by whenhub app my startups
app you can find Mark an who was an
expert in uh nuclear power and you could
ask him some questions yourself you'd
have to put on an alert or wait for him
to be live but you can connect with him
through the app um anyway point
is that when people change fields
and go out of their
field often you get the best stuff right
you could you could come up with lots of
uh examples of people who left their
Lane it's like oh this is what I'm good
at but I'm going to leave this Lane for
a little while to do this other thing
and that other thing quite often turns
out to be the good thing so it's very
common but I want to I want to put a bow
on this by saying
this by a weird set of circumstances
something that you could never have
predicted the most important person in
the world to save the
planet is fill in the blank name the one
person in the world who with one
tweet could save the
planet and and it's not president Trump
although in this case he could go a long
ways but there's somebody better than
president Trump yeah better than Bill
Gates AOC
I'm going to tell you a tweet the AOC
could send just one tweet and nothing
else just one tweet how she could save
the planet potentially okay and it would
look like this if AOC
tweeted if we're considering you know
Green energy we should look hard at
Generation 4
nuclear because it's safe from meltdown
and eats nuclear waste for its fuel
so imagine that one tweet coming from
AOC if it comes from me a certain number
of people see it if it came from the
president half of the country would
discount it immediately just because it
came from the president if it came from
AOC who would discount
it who would discount that tweet as
being nonsense if it came from AOC well
it wouldn't be the people on the right
because they're already there people on
the right already like nuclear as a
solution the people on the left would be
seeing it for the first time and they
would be seeing it from a source that
they consider the most credible Source
in terms of let's say an emotional
honest um connection to environmental
and and uh global warming issues so
somebody that they really would trust
right it's a different message if it
comes from a different different person
the the message and the person are
always connected you can't disconnect
them so by a weird sequence of
events if it's true that climate change
is a catastrophic risk there's really
one way to address it and that would be
with Generation 4 nuclear and
development at the same time you're
going hard at wind and solar you
wouldn't you wouldn't do one of the
exclusion of the other it wouldn't make
sense um so this
bartender 29-year-old ex
bartender whose strength is not nuclear
stuff her strength is not
science and she's only learning politics
in the last few years she's good at it
apparently has created a situation in
which she uniquely could actually save
the planet I'm not even exaggerating now
there are two ways you can save the
planet because if you're wrong on
climate change in either direction and
you do the wrong thing because you were
wrong about where climate change is
heading if you make the wrong decision
it's
catastrophic two different ways one is
if you put too much um you know too many
restrictions on things and you you hurt
the economy well that could kill
hundreds of millions of people if you
damage the economy of the planet because
you're chasing something that didn't
need to be chased let's say try to solve
climate change when maybe it wasn't
going to be a problem at least some
people in the world have that worldview
if you get that wrong a 100 million
people die just because poverty kills
people if it is the problem that the
scientists say and it's as catastrophic
as as many people are saying and you
don't address it there too it's the you
know you're killing 100 million people
so AOC a bartender
a bartender is now the most important
voice in science and that's not even a
little bit of an exaggeration she just
has to send one tweet with something
like those words to mention Generation 4
it would have to have Generation 4 in it
not just nuclear but if she crafted the
right tweet she would actually save the
world tell me I'm wrong I'm not wrong so
when cartoonists get involved in things
when bartenders get involved in things
when Real Estate developers get involved
in things sometimes we're out of our
field and sometimes we're doing the
wrong stuff but it doesn't hurt to shake
the Box because when you add when you
add me to any situation it changes the
variables you take any stable situation
and you throw AOC in there you just you
just add AOC to any situation bam new
variables she shakes the Box
can't take that away from
her all
right um here's another way to explain
the potential of generation for nuclear
and I'm just going to test this out as a
persuasion test suppose I said to you I
have a technology for reducing the risk
of existing nuclear
plants think ahead you're some of you
have already just connected the dots
as soon as I said that you just said to
yourself
holy
 is that true well think about it so
I the information I have is this is
preliminary and so this would need to be
fact checked but my current
understanding is we have something like
98 older technology plants in the United
States and Mark Schneider can help me on
the fact checking here um my
understanding is that those 98 plants
are as you might imagine they're located
in places that are where you need a lot
of
electricity if you were to Simply say
let's add a generation 4 plant to the
existing sites you would first of all
speed up the approval process because it
would be an existing site so you know
they they don't put it into your
backyard situation would not be any
worse right it would just be more
nuclear in a place there's new nuclear
but Generation 4 has a unique
characteristic which is that it eats the
fuel from the other plant in in not
every case but in some cases so you
would reduce the risk of transporting
that fuel because it would never leave
leave the site you would just take it
from the old plant that's next door put
it in the new plant and it becomes fuel
now I'm so oversimplifying that there
may be actual technical reasons that
this can't work
but in concept it looks to me like you
co locating at Generation 4 on the same
site because presumably the older
Generation stuff had to have a lot of
land around it because nobody wanted to
nobody wanted to build right next to it
so I would think there's almost always
room physical room next to an existing
plant if you add a generation 4 or maybe
you keep adding generation 4 could you
drisk the existing site in other words
could you sell Generation 4 nuclear as a
way to reduce the risk of existing
nuclear
plants so that's the part where I don't
know if I've reached to far but I don't
think I have and I don't know that every
plant would would work for this but it
does seem that we have a grid that
largely is in place we could we know
where the power is needed is where we
already have nuclear we could add some
more nuclear and probably blanket the
country a lot faster than people assume
at the same time we're reducing the risk
at the old plants now I also assume and
here i' ask Mark for some advice as well
I assume that if you put an old nuclear
site next to a generation for nuclear
site you get the benefits of cross
trading in other words if the same
company is running both of these or at
least you know they're they're working
together then the people who already
have the old technology experience can
get trained on the new technology
experience and vice versa so you know it
probably is helpful to have new people
learning about the old stuff as well
so there is a path forward and all it
would require is one tweet from a
bartender to save the
world
um
there's there's not much more going on
today is there I said this yesterday and
I think it's still true have you noticed
that the news has gotten really slow the
the immigration
problem um is sort of the only thing
anybody's talking about right what kind
of a world do we have when um the
biggest problem let let me put it in
this
terms president Trump has not only
solved all of the big problems
meaning you know Isis doesn't have a
caliphate North Korea is not at least
aiming their weapons at us with with
malice at the moment um we're
negotiating with China it looks like
we'll have some kind of a deal there
we've got fentanyl is illegal the
economy is booming I could go down the
list but you know the list right so
pretty much most of the big problems
have been
solved and the immigration problem is a
is a weird
double-edged
problem because keep in mind that the
the immigration is a you know
humanitarian crisis it's an emergency
whatever word you want to put on it and
it's terrible for the people involved
it's a tragedy it's a catastrophe for
the people involved the the people
immigrating but it also tells the story
of people dying to get into the United
States literally they're literally dying
to come to the United States the United
States is running so well that people
are dying literally dying no joke you
know nothing funny about it they're
actually dying to move
here I don't know if there's a a better
endorsement of a country and I don't
want to celebrate on the you know on the
backs of people who are suffering but is
nonetheless a fact and an interesting
way to look at it that the country is
running so well that people are
literally risking their life to to come
in here at any cost so let's let's drink
to a country that's so strong and people
want to want to
join um I will say
again what I said before which is
anybody who's talking about immigration
and cannot give you a number of people
that they want to let in per year is not
really talking about the topic you
should not take anybody seriously on the
left or the right if they can't give you
a number of people that they think is
the right number to let in because we
absolutely need young people and we need
workers and you know we need new blood
so we need that but if you don't have a
number or even a range of you well a
million a year half a million year some
kind of number you're not part of the
conversation you can't be part of the
conversation if you haven't offered an
opinion on the most important number
because it's not about immigration yes
or immigration no nobody's arguing that
it's everybody arguing the same thing
there is a there is a right amount and a
right way to have immigration but mostly
it's about the
amount and there's a wrong way and a
wrong
amount so what's the right amount if
nobody has
that don't pay attention to what they
say doesn't matter if they're on the
left or the right don't pay attention to
them all right
um next time you see me on Periscope
probably tomorrow I'll have my
microphone working and I'm going to uh
do a little demonstration of how some of
you
are um suffering from
hallucinations so I'll be looking some
for some volunteers and in real time
I'll show to you that you're
hallucinating it will will trigger you
into cognitive dissonance and so be
brave if you're one of my volunteers
because you're going to be suffering
cognitive dissonance in
public but I'll take some volunteers and
we'll do a demonstration and it's going
to kind of shock you I think this one's
going to be easy it will be so easy to
make my case and it will be so opposite
of what your world view is that it's
it's going to be shocking so wait for
that all right
um that's all for
now and oh no one more
thing um I saw Ben Carson uh announced
that apparently private businesses have
offered up to $25 billion for the uh
their Urban areas's economic zones so in
other words he's getting some good
interest in people building and taking
advantage of the government incentives
to build in the inner cities and
the and the bad places so
so you got that going on at the same
time you've also got the first step act
and you've got um highest uh the high
the best unemployment for minorities Etc
and I wondered if it's time to have a
campaign ad that says uh in the last two
years president Trump has done the
following things and just list all the
things which are absolutely good for
African-American voters you know
president has done these things you know
from unemployment to the first step act
to um you know several other things that
would fall under that umbrella in that
time the Democrats have done
nothing nothing he actually has real
accomplishments and if you put them on
on the list you'd say huh those are
actually Four real things those are real
things I think there's also
a lot of progress in retraining so um
training for people who need training
for jobs is good so I I think there
might be I don't know but there might be
five or six policy things that have come
out of the Trump Administration or
accomplishments that are very directly
beneficial to the African-American
Community I'd like to see them batched
up you know at least make the argument
they should at least make the
argument um
so I've got some things I need to do
this morning and I'm going to go around
and do them and I will talk to you later