doo-doo-doo-doo Papapa Papapa duh hello
Hey look who's here
so I'm I'm in a different time zone than
usual sorry my coffee with Scott out and
says a little bit late but you know what
goes well with lateness I think you do
what goes well with latest his coffee
with Scott Adams might be a little late
for you doesn't matter
so um some I saw some news today about
Dennis Rodman going to Singapore but the
article said two completely opposite
things so the headline said Dennis
Rodman is going to go to Singapore for
the the summit and then you read it and
it says his manager says he's not many
made any plans to go to Singapore it's
one of those two things so I want to
read you a tweet from the ayatollah
khamenei that's probably the worst
pronunciation of that you've ever heard
all right so this is from the leader of
Iran Khomeini and I think it's funny
that he tweets he's so he's got an
english-language Twitter feed in
addition to his Arabic language one and
probably a Farsi way he said I think it
was a couple days ago he says our stance
against Israel is the same stance we
have always taken Israel is a malignant
cancerous tumor in the West Asian region
that has to be removed and eradicated :
it is possible and it will happen now
you think that's a fake tweet
I don't think so I'm just got half a
million followers I'm pretty sure that's
his real so you think he quoted himself
from 1991 well in any in any event it's
a it's a current tweet so he's
reinforcing his point that Israel and
the wording is important here so this is
the the English language version of it
he says that Israel has to be removed
and eradicated it is possible and it
will happen now here's what I would do
if I were nikki Haley
president Trump Mike Pompeo if I was
them I would do the following thing I
would ask him to clarify
nobody gets bad if you ask them to
clarify right because there's a little
bit of ambiguity and there might be a
translation thing etc but I would like
to see how many say to the world what
does he mean that Israel has to be
removed and eradicated does that mean
now you're probably saying to yourself
well that's pretty obvious what that
means but is it does it mean that all
the people must be killed
does it mean that the name Israel must
be changed to something else and become
more inclusive rather than a Jewish
state per se you know would that be an
example of eradicated if they just
evolved to a different form that you
know let's say included more
Palestinians what Iran say yes we won we
eradicated Israel that old Israel
doesn't exist anymore now we've got this
this new entity that's included some
extra extra land would that make him
happy
I don't know now I know what you're
saying yes so somebody's saying is
eradicated and not clear and here's the
thing
I believe it's intentionally unclear and
asking him to clarify it would be a huge
step forward because where do you go in
front of the world
let me be specific eradicate means they
all have to be killed what do you say
that I don't think you'd say that would
he say well I'm not going to clarify if
he doesn't clarify well then you have to
imagine that it is the worst case
scenario and act as if that's true now
if you're Israel you're always going to
act like it's the worst case scenario
because that's the smart thing to do
which is essentially what they do but
suppose you said to the you said to come
Annie what if there was a regional deal
in which the Palestinians were satisfied
that they got something they can live
with it might not be the ideal situation
maybe there's no right or turn maybe
there's a little bit in special cases
maybe some of those people get paid off
but whatever it is do you think there's
any situation that would make come any
happy is there anything that would make
him happy that does not include
exterminating the individuals who live
in in Israel could it be just a system
change could it be a long-term evolution
to something different so the power of
this is that I think we would first be
surprised if you were asked to clarify
because you can say here's here's the
thing you can say in public yeah I think
I want to eradicate that state because
here's the beauty of that the beauty
from a from an Iranian point of view not
our point of view
but the beauty that is everybody's going
to see what they expect to see so you
saw that a number of you as soon as I
said eradicate a number of you said well
isn't that obvious you know it exactly
what that means
it's the Holocaust and it might be
exactly what they mean but if you ask
them to clarify are they going to
clarify and say yeah we're really
talking about another Holocaust that's
the only thing that'll make us happy
I don't think they will here's why if
they clarified it that way they would be
vaporized fairly quickly I think and I
mean it would you know that that's an
exaggeration they wouldn't be vaporized
right away but we would stop worrying
about negotiating we would just treat it
like a current mortal military threat we
would shut down their economy we would
starve him out we'd bomb whatever needs
to be bombed if that's what they said
but suppose but suppose he didn't say
that suppose he said well we're not
being specific
you know God works in many ways we just
want the situation to be resolved and
we'd like it to be resolved in a way
that Israel no longer is a threat to us
and is no longer a threat in her opinion
to let's say anybody else in the region
and Palestinians folks in Gaza that sort
of thing which way do you think he'd go
now independent of what you think is is
real purpose how do you think you would
clarify and I want to see your comments
how many of you think you would clarify
in public that he really means killing
everybody in Israel how many think you
would say well it's more of a we need a
deal where everybody's happy situation
and you know maybe maybe Israel includes
more Palestinians in the state something
like that so I'm just looking at your
your answers so some say he won't
clarify and you might be right
he doesn't want to deal so I'm saying he
doesn't want to deal
he won't stoop to clarify well it's not
really stooping because we would ask him
for his opinion somebody's saying Adams
you you effing idiot
why is it that everybody calls me an
idiot when they don't understand what
I'm saying well I suppose the same
reason my dog thinks I'm going to do so
now let me so somebody says seriously
cringe-worthy but you don't know where
I'm going with this yet think of the
possibilities once we've asked them to
clarify one possibility is that they
refuse to clarify which is a
clarification isn't it if they refuse to
clarify then it means the worst-case
scenario and it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter if anybody disagrees with
you you have to treat it like it's the
worst case scenario and it's also a free
pass after that point because right now
the world is looking in the world is
saying hey let's work something out but
if you ask Iran they say no there's no
work in this out doesn't matter how long
it takes doesn't matter how much it
costs us in terms of you know pain in
Iran we're just going to make sure that
everybody in Israel is killed so they
can either say that directly in which
case you've got a free pass to do
whatever you want or they can not if
they can refuse to clarify in which case
you can still you have a free pass
because a refusal to clarify is the same
as saying you want to kill everybody but
what if they said look if we had a
comprehensive deal we could talk about
that wouldn't that get you closer to
knowing at least while your options are
because I feel right now they don't have
they don't have any pressure on them to
clarify what would make them happy so
here's the here's the better way to
describe it describe an end state that
is both possible and you're the only
thing that you'll settle for
and it would be interesting to to see
what they did with that all right this
would never ever have been a
conversation in 2013 maybe not what
about death to America well you know
Iran has been saying death to America
for a long time but if you imagine the
this what what happened but if you
imagined that the United States pulled
its support for Israel and just got out
of the region and and legitimately just
just got out of there what Iran still be
saying death to America I don't think so
I think we would be out of sight out of
mind at that point so I think we're out
a clarification and no matter which way
it goes it gives us more information and
we we'd have a plan now keep in mind
that the the cleverness I think I missed
my main point so let me let me back up
to it the Iranian people themselves are
also looking at this language about
eradicating Israel
and I believe that because it could be
interpreted in different ways
I think the Iranian population is
thinking maybe maybe he doesn't mean
that really literally the ones who don't
want it to happen but the ones who do
want it to happen
yeah maybe it's 20% of the hardliners
you know maybe it's less maybe it's more
have no idea but the people who do want
to happen also hear oh it's gonna be
it's on now it's at radication now so
everybody's hearing what they want to
want to hear how about we ask Iran to
clarify it to its own public well what
if we ask the Ayatollah look you know do
us a favor and at least clarify it to
your own people what that means and what
kinds of outcomes would be acceptable
because if their public hears with no
ambiguity that their plan is to
eradicate Israel
how long are they going to sit there
waiting to be destroyed because because
that that plan would get them to an all
dead situation in Iran now whether or
not Israel also suffered some major
catastrophe from me from an attack the
the Iranian citizens would have to know
that their leader just set them up to be
wiped out now that doesn't mean there
would be but they'd have to start
thinking about it at that point so
here's my here's my view if Iran doesn't
clarify you have to assume it's the
worst-case scenario in which in which
case screw everybody do we don't care
about anybody else's opinion at that
point you know at that point it's just
war let's treat it that way and if they
say no we really mean eradication and
will stop at nothing well that's the
same thing - and then it's just war and
there's just no there's no point even
talking but if they say well we'd be
flexible then at least their own
population would have a reason not to
revolt because it seems to me that the
Iranian public is getting close to the
end of their patience with their own
leadership and if their leadership would
simply clarify their plans for their
preferences for Israel the Iranian
public would know their future if the
leader clarifies that they really want
to do wipe out Israel and actually
literally kill all the people or if they
refuse to clarify then then we help them
clarify and say okay
the lack of clarifying only means one
thing Iranian public your your your
leader just gave you a death sentence
because that's what it would be doesn't
mean it's today doesn't mean it's next
week but if that's what their leadership
if the only thing that would be happy is
that it's a death sentence to the
Iranian people they should know that so
they have a choice of let's say
alternatives
I realize it's not a democracy it's also
not a stable not a stable country so
there are enough young people in Iran
who are restless and have been born into
our world that's a bad economy and an
imperfect situation it's it's not a it's
not a situation about the voting the
leader out of power they have options
but it's not our business I would be
mostly concerned that the Iranian people
know what they're signing up for if they
keep their leadership in power and their
leadership clarifies that they want to
kill all the people in Israel then I
don't think they have any future the
Iranian public and that would be an
enormous tragedy so let's let's ask for
a clarification see where it gets us
they're real somebody saying that the
religious doctrine is what's capturing
the the imaginations of the young well
that may be true but I'm hearing the
opposite so you know I'm not sure we
ever know what's happening in other
countries why won't you talk about
California okay
I'll talk about California so apparently
we have so this is somebody named Cox
it's going to be running against
kimberly guilfoyle Zechs what's his name
I forget and the democrats going to win
and while scissors say about that yeah
they are gavin newsom yeah my
understanding is that the Republican is
not I hate to say this it's not what you
want to hear my understanding is that
the the Republican candidate is not
strong enough that that I would get
involved in trying to negotiate or or
not negotiate but trying to persuade
yeah he's he's Trump's pick but that's
because he's a Republican
I remember being Trump's pick doesn't
mean he's the best candidate so I think
you know there's just not much to say
about California I think Gavin Newsom is
going to get any shot and well Travis
Allen is that already right it's just
the the two finalists who run
there's down-ticket help from Cox being
there yeah baby mmm all right
Giuliani actually said that North Korea
was begging hands and knees I hope
that's not true
did he really say that can somebody
confirm and is that recent is that
something he just said because if it is
seriously oh my god well that's a firing
offense in my opinion I think he's I
like Giuliani but if he really said that
I don't know that feels like a firing
offense
yeah he's he has not been nailing it
lately he seems to have been causing
more problems than he's fixing right now
so somebody out here just said that
Giuliani said that North Korea came
begging for the summit on their hands
and knees if he really said that that
that's not good teamplay
let's put it that way I hope he didn't
say that it could be fake news Wall
Street Journal reports it I know I never
I don't 100% trust the news that I see
in my comment feed here Fox News said he
said it Oh God
that is so bad so when people ask me the
biggest criticism that I ever get on
Twitter I think it's the most common one
is that people say anything Trump does
you will say is is genius but he hired
Giuliani
and that's not working out I can't I
can't I can't stay here and tell ya
well that sure was a good thing I mean
based on what we see we don't know if
Giuliani is actually doing a it's
possible it's likely that we don't know
what's really happening behind the
scenes who he's negotiating with who who
was his high school friend that really
makes a difference because he can talk
to him you know there's probably a whole
bunch of stuff the Giuliani can bring to
this that we don't know about but if
you're if you're basing it on his public
appearances he's just screwed the pooch
about three times in a row now and I
would get him off camera at the very
least so somebody said they can't find a
reference to the remark so let's call
this a an unconfirmed and unconfirmed
the thing that a number of you think is
true that's that's all I know right now
I'm not the one who can confirm it so a
number of you are saying it is confirmed
and it's more likely that you're right
than wrong so it's just that I can't I
can't confirm it personally
yeah I am in Amsterdam right now just
took a stroll through the city by the
way so since I'm in the city where this
is completely legal I can tell you this
story so one of the things that you need
to do when you go to Amsterdam
besides walk you through the red-light
district and looking at women in the
window and saying yeah it's just like
they said sure there's not much to it
except you walk by and go oh yeah it's
just like the pictures there's a live
woman in the window so that part was
sort of underwhelming but it's one of
those necessary things you have to walk
through that area but the other thing of
course is they have these coffee shops
they call them coffee shops in which
they they sell marijuana products and
you can smoke it there or I think you're
not allowed to smoke it outdoors but you
know there's not much enforcement of
anything like that here so I stopped him
last night and I got a little confused
on the menu and so I said hey I'll have
I'll have this joint so he adds me a
joint and there's there's a little sort
of a smoking room in there just has a
you know a door to keep the smoking I
guess there was only one other person in
there it was 10:30 at night and so I go
in and I light it up and took a few hits
on it and I started tripping so bad that
I didn't know if I'd be able to make it
back to my hotel which was all of a
block and a half away like I thought I
was losing my mind and and I thought
holy hell what kind of special marijuana
there they have in this place because I
don't like to brag but I built up a
little tolerance over the years and
I certainly would not expect somebody
who's been living on California weed to
have any kind of a trouble handling the
the the Netherlands variety but here's
what I didn't know here's what I didn't
know I ordered the wrong thing off the
menu whoops I thought I was smoking a
joint whoops
it wasn't it did have marijuana in it
but it was a tobacco slash marijuana
joint and if you have never yes if you
have never experienced the combination
of and I'm not a cigarette smoker but I
also don't have a sense of smell so
anybody else would have immediately
known what it was I think they just want
to smelled it but I lost my sense of
smell years ago so I fired this thing up
and I had heard this before that the
combination of tobacco and marijuana
just gives you this while the media rush
high yeah it makes you dizzy and I
walked outside and this this is a true
story and I there was still a little I
don't I always smoke like lessen maybe
1/4 inch of it something like that and I
walked outside and I was just going to
put it out on the sidewalk and the curb
and I couldn't find the ground I'm not
even kidding I couldn't find the ground
like I you know getting getting it from
here to the you know three feet down to
the ground I kept I kept stumbling and I
almost fell into a canal true story so I
won't be trying that again so if you
ever go to Amsterdam and somebody talks
you into buying a joint at the coffee
shop I recommend that you read the menu
carefully and make sure you're not
getting the combo tobacco slash
I didn't get sick but I also only had
you know a little bit of it but it just
about took my head off I don't recommend
it at all you know even if you think oh
that sounds good it's very powerful
it wasn't powerful in any kind of a good
way I understand that people like it but
definitely not my thing
they have edibles I would never touch
edibles by the way so edibles is where
all the problems happen the the people
who don't understand marijuana always
make rookie mistakes
here's some rookie mistakes with
marijuana number one not knowing that
there's a difference between the two
major types that real each that really
have a different effect and number two
not knowing that there's a pretty big
difference within each category of what
strain you're getting and what kind of
effects you get some will make you more
paranoid some will make you more
creative some wake you up some put you
to sleep there they're opposites in many
ways so if you don't know at least that
much you're just putting some mystery
thing into your body that may or may not
be anything like what you're hoping for
so that's one of them the other myth is
that vaping is safer you've seen the the
vape things that turn the marijuana into
sort of a vapor of water and THC I guess
and it might be it's possible that it's
safer but I would never I would never
use that as my main go-to because unlike
regular marijuana that people have been
burning and smoking in a normal way for
decades and decades the vaping hasn't
really been studied and it also lacks a
lot of those CBDs and and the things
that might be offering their protective
quality of the marijuana so people who
smoke the the studies on it have shown
that they have the same mortality as
people who don't smoke marijuana that is
not cigarettes just marijuana the same
mortality rate as everybody else but
they might actually have stronger lung
function and I think that's a study that
needs to be replicated
but apparently there are studies to show
people who are chronic marijuana smokers
have better lung function so if you're
vaping because you think it's safer it
might be but you're not you're not on
the side of science you're just guessing
if you want to be using the thing which
has been studied the most and
consistently shown to have little or no
issues beyond the ones that you know
about then smoking is probably safer and
then the last thing that's the biggest
mistake people make is they say to
themselves well I don't know about all
this smoking because I don't know how to
do it or I don't want to get that high
or I don't want to smell like smoke
whatever reasons and they say I think
I'll I'll play it safe and I'll I'll
just get an edible I'll eat a brownie or
something those people make up I'm just
guessing
but probably 90% of all the bad things
you've ever heard about people under the
influence of marijuana probably 90% are
from edibles and so is the same reason
that you can't tell your dose you you
don't know how much you're getting and
because it kicks in slowly you you start
chewing on the brownie and because
you're not smart and and by the way I
would fall into this category as well it
doesn't matter how smart you are people
make the same mistake they would eat it
and they say huh I don't really feel
that difference I was hoping to feel
different so I'll eat another brownie
and they're like yeah I feel a little
bit spend 45 minutes yeah I can feel a
little bit but I was hoping for more
I'll have a third brownie and that's
when you start taking your clothes off
and driving on the wrong side of the
road so don't do edibles you know even
if you only do one you don't know how
much is in there unless you made it
yourself and you're used to making it
and you know what the what type of weed
is in there and
edibles are just bad business stay away
from tell us why hypnotics are bad
yeah hypnotics is a class of
pharmaceuticals like ambien that put you
into the sleep basically so it just
closes down your mind and puts you to
sleep now the only reason I say that's
bad is not based on science because I'm
not aware of all the science but the
fact that anything that makes your brain
shut down you know if if it's not
happening before major surgery I just
have questions whether that could ever
be a good thing the volcano is another
form of vaping that I would also not
assume is safe because again there there
have been those things are newer so
there have been fewer fewer kinds of
tests you know people addicted to ambien
somebody said am i productive when high
well I wrote my last two books Wall has
pretty high they came out okay so let me
let me give you a more responsible
answer to that my experience has been
that the right marijuana will make
people more of what they already are so
if you're already creative and you have
the right strain of marijuana and it's
the you know the right the right minute
after you've done it because you can't
wait too long you don't want to do it
right away there's sort of a sweet spot
in there they can make you more creative
I would say that at least oh I'd say 75%
of the topics that you see me do on
periscope I at least conceived of
under the influence and and it's things
that I would not have conceived of under
ordinary circumstances so if you ask me
does it make you more creative I would
say there's a very big dependence you
would first of all probably have to be a
chronic user because if it was the first
time you used it you're you know you
wouldn't be able to you wouldn't be able
to operate the same way so you'd have to
be a chronic user and since I don't
recommend anybody be a chronic user
unless you have you know legitimate
medical uses I can't recommend it and
next you'd have to take the right strain
because if you don't get the right
strain you don't get the creative
feeling you just get tired or paranoid
or something else and you have to have
the right kind of job where it makes
sense my job the the hardest part of my
job is coming up with a new way to look
at things so in my specific case I check
all the boxes so I do know what strain
to use you know I have a chronic chronic
meaning daily user I do use it for
medical purposes so I would be using it
anyway yeah I wouldn't recommend you do
it just to be creative but since you I'm
using it anyway it's it's just a bonus
and yes that's the main thing you I
check all the boxes but most people
would not somebody says Thomas Jefferson
smoked weed I once tried to look that up
and I think that is not confirmed I
believe that the the idea that the
founders smoked weed comes from the fact
that at least George Washington maybe
others they they grew hemp as a crop but
I don't believe it was the THC type of
hemp I think it was you know a variant
that is just good for making fabrics and
somebody says why not use to be more
creative by itself let me clarify what I
said I'm not a doctor so I would never
recommend that anybody use marijuana it
doesn't matter what you said that you
wanted to use it for my answer is the
same am I am i a doctor yet no is
marijuana a medicinal thing yes
so cartoonists should not be giving you
medical advice so independent of whether
or not it would be good to use it for
your creativity I would not recommend it
because I'm not a doctor John Cox thinks
marijuana users should be hospitalized
really did well did John Cox say
anything about dispensaries yeah that
doesn't sound like it's true how does it
help me medically in so many ways it's
hard to it's hard to even list them all
but it's good for sleep apnea it
eliminates my my allergies like no other
pharmaceutical does and it doesn't it
immediately so clears up my head I can
breathe better it's an anti-inflammatory
so I can I can exercise far more
efficiently you know it's not an
accident I tried to say this next thing
without being a giant douche bag but I'm
hoping that most of you know me well
enough that I'm gonna I'm gonna power
through this so the next thing I'm gonna
say is very douchey but in order to make
my point I don't know how to get there
any other way I'm 60 years old and I'm
in phenomenal shape for my age now I'm
not I don't mean phenomenal like like
the people who run Ironman I mean for
just a guy who is not a Ironman athlete
or something I'm in ridiculously good
shape and I would say that a huge part
of that is medicinal marijuana now I
don't take it for that purpose but
because it's an anti-inflammatory
I can workout I don't get sore and makes
me want to workout the next day it makes
me enjoy it so I enjoy it somebody says
you look old for your age well I make no
claims about my face which is the part
you get to see there's no bragging about
my face from from about here up this is
all bad news
all right so I would love to be more
narcissistic and say you know this is
pretty good but you know I live in the
real world
however from here down just in terms of
fitness etc I'm pretty good shape all
right
it lowers testosterone levels I think
temporarily does that persuade us
can we address the giant fish in the
room well I have a roommate there was a
giant fish lemon haze that's the answer
to the question to the person who knows
what that question was the answer is
lemon haze all right what's my take on
mccabe I'm a little bit end of the news
I haven't been following it as much
because I'm on the road but my
understanding is yes for immunity right
McCabe asks for immunity I that's one of
those legal questions so I think you
know my rule on legal questions anybody
tell me what is my rule about legal
questions and opinions on them somebody
will tell you here in a moment yes it's
the Alan Dershowitz rule correct my rule
on stuff like this is that until Alan
Dershowitz tells me what to think I'm
just wasting my time because he's going
to be the one who's the smartest one in
the room as usual and he'll have an
opinion and when he goes on fox or CNN
and gives this opinion then I'll come on
here and say you know I've got an
opinion on this now coincidentally it
matches Alan Dershowitz there's big news
breaking on combing what's that
[Music]
I'm just looking at your comments see if
there's anything else we need to talk
about before I go and I think not
oh limit let me let me run this by you
suppose that one of these investigations
and I think Hillary's email is back into
the investigative pipeline right is that
true can somebody confirm that that
there's somebody somebody in law
enforcement somewhere who's looking into
the is it just the IG so suppose we get
to a point where Hillary is in serious
legal trouble but not for things that
are unlike what we already suspect let's
say hypothetically that the the only
crime involved is at least that's been
proven is that she had a server an email
that was not you know within the the
government's requirements and it was
illegal what if that was her only crime
but it's definitely a crime right
everybody would agree there's no
question it's a serious crime should
Trump
harden her even before going to jail I
think you could do that right you have
to wait for the conviction or can you
can you pre pardon I'm not sure how that
works but again I'd have to wait for
Alan Dershowitz so so I'm looking at
your answers so there's some a
sprinkling of yeses but it looks like a
few more knows let me make the argument
for yes to pardon her are you ready for
it that's a good precedent
you remember when when Trump started
talking about pardoning bla go or
whatever it is the the Democratic
governor and people were thinking wat
why why why is that even on the radar
and that's one of those pardons if he
pardons a Democrat for something that
was clearly looked like a crime but it
also had some political overtones you
know there there's sort of an argument
that there was a little bit politicized
but I don't know exactly how that makes
sense it sets a precedent because if if
Trump needs to pardon somebody who might
be closer to Trump and who might be a
Republican wouldn't it be nice to have a
Hillary pardon in his back pocket that
he's already issued wouldn't it for
purely defensive reasons pardoning
Hillary would be a great play here's
what Elsa would do heads would explode
because nobody would expect it and maybe
you'd expect it now because I said it
but the country would expect that Trump
would be mean old Trump the dictator and
then he would be jailing his political
opponent the smartest thing he could do
is to say yep she broke the law
ordinary people go to jail for this but
I don't want to be part of putting my
political opponent who lost in jail
because I can I think it would be an
amazing strong play and more importantly
even Hillary's supporters who think okay
if you broke the law you got to pay the
paying the penalty even the ones who
know she broke broke the law
hypothetically if she did they would
feel very uncomfortable living in this
country if that happened so
I'm gonna go on record as saying that if
if facts come out they make Hillary look
like there's something seriously like
jail time at risk whatever the process
is whether you have to wait for the
conviction before your pardon I'm not
sure how that works but I would
recommend and strongly strongly I would
recommend a pardon strongly I don't
think this was a close call honestly
because the the you know the president
can pardon anybody who wants he has this
the unconditional power yeah at least
first federal stuff and giving a pardon
because it's good for the country forget
about the person it's just good for the
country it's more of a healing thing
definitely the right play those of you
who say no mercy you're not thinking of
your own self-interest I would encourage
you to think more selfishly yeah those
were saying no I'm so mad lock her up
lock her up if the only crime is this
email stuff and nothing else comes out
of any consequence it's not in your best
interest you as a citizen that she goes
to jail because there's going to be you
know there would be revolution I mean
that that would be you know I think even
a lot of Republicans would be very
squeamish about that I'll bet you
members of Congress obey your
Republicans in Congress would have a
real hard time with her going to jail
because you know it's just bad for the
country
yeah now those of you who are saying hey
it's equal law and everybody has to be
treated the same that's not true you
know why that's not true that there's
equal justice and everybody should be
treated the same let me tell you that's
not the system we live in it wasn't
designed that way we were not designed
to have equal equal justice if we were
designed that way the president would
not have the right to pardon the whole
point of the right to pardon is that
you're giving unequal justice to some
select people that's built right into
the system so if people if some if the
president uses the system the way it's
designed and using powers they have
given him for just this sort of thing
that there's a good reason this time
you've got a pardon somebody there was a
maybe a serious miscarriage of justice
and the legal system isn't fixing it
maybe it's just better for the country
we don't live in a system that has equal
justice under the law and more
importantly it's specifically designed
to prevent equal justice it's made that
way by really smart people who knew what
they were doing there are no accidents
here we don't have legally equal justice
we don't want it the system wasn't
designed that way and you wouldn't want
that change and I realized they would
make you unhappy but sometimes you got
to do what you got to do
all right I think that's enough for
today I'm going to say have a good day
and maybe I'll talk to you tomorrow