[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you're lucky to be here it's going to be
one of the best ones you've ever seen if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that only SpaceX will ever
experience well I'm here to tell you
there's a way all you need is a cuper
marar glass a tankered chal orstein a c
jugg or FL ask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure it's the dop ofine hit of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh that's perfect that's
perfect I'd say that's a good sign that
things are going to go well in this show
but you'll be able to tell by the very
first
story do you ever turn on a movie or a
TV show and you're positive you can tell
if you will like that TV or movie show
in the first 30
seconds you you all do that right it's
like 30 seconds and you know if you want
to watch that
show well probably the same with me our
first story is the actor Lavar Burton uh
who is Black which is important to the
story and not a racist comment
um he was shocked to discover that he's
descended from a confederate
soldier now I don't know if he has any
uh slave holders on his side
but I just wonder how much he owes
himself in
reparations all right that's my first
joke but I swear I've got a few seconds
left I can do better I can do better
don't leave don't leave me I can do
better all right we'll try uh here
here's some fake science from NBC news
on weed now every every time you see NBC
news as a source of a story what should
your brain say to you to keep you on
track your brain should say to you I
don't know if this is true but smart
people tell me that NBC News is really
just an organ of the CIA so any message
that is in their news you could imagine
I can't confirm this to be true it's
merely an
allegation that it's what the government
wants you to know or at least the
CIA do you think the government wants
you to smoke less weed probably yeah
probably they do so now NBC news says
that um the science you know there's
more weed smoking than ever it's at a
high level and they say that it's now it
might be linked to certain heart
issues oh well that's pretty serious it
might be linked to certain heart issues
do you know what else might be linked to
certain heart
issues everything everything now if you
saw a story like this a national story
you would say to yourself my God it
appears that the studies show that weed
is linked to heart disease but when you
read the article do you think it'll say
that or will it say the studies are
ambiguous they do not clearly show a
link but there might be there might be a
link it's totally possible do you know
what uh data they will not show you
here's the data that this article will
not show you nor will any other article
on the harms of weed here's the only
data that matters what is the mortality
and life expectancy rate of regular weed
smokers versus those who have never
touched it
it's the
same the only time it's ever been
studied it's the same actually weed
smokers might live longer a little bit
but not that much yeah
now don't you think that overall
mortality would be the simplest thing to
measure you know what wouldn't it really
jump out if the overall mortality was
worse for weed
smokers wouldn't you notice
that well I think you would he and uh
some people argued but Scott don't you
know that weed smokers have more uh what
is it
schizophrenia they have more like mental
problems to which I say I don't know is
that
true How would how would we know that
isn't it more likely that people have
mental problems are drawn to weed to
help them with their mental problems as
they see
it well I don't know but I do know that
anytime you hear somebody say you should
or should not do something because of it
cost you are not dealing with a smart
person because everything has a cost
I've got a recommendation for you stop
eating
food it just makes you fat stop eating
food it's taking your money so if
something's going to take your money and
make you fat you should stop doing it am
I right because all you should look at
is the is the negative why should you
ever look at the positives and then
weigh the positives compared to the
negatives no we don't do that in today's
world no all we do is to pick one side
and say that's all you need to know if
you're for marijuana you say it's
medicinal but what about the negatives
it's medicinal yeah but what you know
there there is indication there are some
negatives it's medicinal and then you
talk to somebody who's anti-weed and
they'll say causes uh XYZ problems maybe
yeah but what about all the obvious
medical benefits people
get what about
Freedom it causes more schizophrenia we
think but we're not
sure so the art the arguments on
marijuana are almost always
fake in both directions because both
both sides will just tell you what's
good or what's bad and they won't
mention the other side and so all all
the weed stories are
fake uh here's more of fake science it's
called the fake science of polling so
the Wall Street Journal looked at a
study that said that they talked to a
lot of trump supporters who said well we
would vote for him if he doesn't get
convicted of any crimes but if he's
convicted of a crime something like I
don't know quarter of the people say
they won't vot for him is that a big
problem or a small problem go in the
comments
is that is that Real News Real science
because the polling is scientific right
all right here's what's wrong with
this people don't vote
hypothetically so the question is
hypothetically if he's commit convicted
of a crime how would you vote that's not
anything that's real here's what would
really happen in the real world Trump
gets convicted of a crime the 20 let's
say 28% or whatever it was who said that
they would never vote for him if he's
convicted of a crime now the election's
coming up it's in a few days you know
hypothetically and it's Biden versus
Trump so somebody's going to look at uh
Trump being convicted on any one of
those charges and they're going to say
you know what given that I'm going to
choose
Biden in the real world in the real
world you think think that's going to
happen but if you ask me in a
poll what would I do there is a good
chance I'd say well you know pollster
you called a upstanding citizen who
cares about the rule of law unlike those
unwashed heathens out in the rest of the
world I I am the kind of person with a
strong moral core and ethical behavior
is the most important thing for me so
let me tell you hypothetically it
doesn't matter at all it's just a way
for me to feel good about myself I would
never vote for somebody convicted of a
crime that would never happen so go
write that down go write that down
because that's
true all right here's the real
world in the real
world uh let's say Trump gets convicted
of I don't know whatever
they're talking about now I I lose track
because none of it seems real to me it
all just seems made up so he gets
convicted of something it doesn't even
matter
what as long as it's one of the things
he's he's charged with so there's
nothing new in this example so he gets
charged with let's say convicted of any
one of the 91 counts any one of
them what does the left leaning media
say about it and what is the right
leaning media well the right lean the
left leaning would say he is
disqualified but the right leaning media
having really only one one chance of
controlling the presidency just Trump do
you think that they would report it as
you know until that
conviction we really thought this Trump
might be a viable candidate but now he's
not now he's not so probably all you
people watching Fox News you should
probably just vote for Biden now because
you know at least he's not convicted of
anything is that going to
happen or is it more likely that the the
pundits and supporters of trump will say
you know what that was a to
charge with a crime and a
 conviction in a totally biased
 Court I'm going to vote for him
twice which is more
likely it's far more likely he'll get
more popular it's far more likely and
why is why is the Wall Street Journal
even
pretending that this must be some kind
of a Nikki hilly play right something to
get Nikki Hy slotted in there because
there's no way anybody's dumb enough to
think that if Trump gets convicted on a
 charge which are the only ones
there are there aren't any real ones in
my that's my
opinion you you think people are going
to drop in for Biden because of that
yeah so so you're G to drop Trump
because he was abused by the government
he's trying to
fix so you you want more of the abuse
you're going to vote for more
Republicans being hunted and and abused
that's never going to
happen there isn't the slightest chance
that won't make Trump more
popular all right so that's some good
fake fake
polling um what's the name of that uh
that fake uh group of white supremacists
what are they called Stormfront or
something do I have the name
right oh Patriot front why did I say
storm front is that something Patriot
front so the so the Patriot front these
are the guys who wear their nice khakis
and they put in you know really full
masks the kind of really masks you know
they're covering even the backs of their
heads they don't even want their ears to
show that's how I was serious they are
so they're out marching
again I don't think there's a single
Republican who think thinks that's
anything but
feds do any of you believe that's a
genuine organization even one of
you now here's what I do believe there
probably are real real racists in the
group but I don't think they're the
organizers I think they just make sure
there's some real ones in there in case
they get caught they can say this one's
a real one all right so sure sure we had
a fed or two because that's what we do
we infiltrate but look this guy's real
look look at his look at his social
media total total racist I told you it's
a good you know aren't you glad we
infiltrated this group because look at
that guy just look at him all racist all
over yeah I think it's funny that
they're trying all the same tricks that
we figured
out I don't think there's any chance
they're real do
you I actually have reduced the odds of
them being a real organization to zero
there was a time when I thought it was
well you know
9010 10% chance it might be real you
know you could be wrong about stuff like
that but now I think there's no chance
at all it it's actually hilariously fake
because as many people said today on
social media if these guys were real the
media would be all over it the the
regular media would have uncovered their
secret layer there'd be stories about
their leadership you know and how the
FBI is on their on the trail and all
that stuff yeah the the fact that
there's no story about their real
identities it's exactly what it looks
like all right military recruitment for
white straight males is way down like
way way down are you surprised why would
why would straight white males not want
to join the military could it be because
of all the Dei of of course it is I mean
what else would it be why would you join
an organization that tells you from the
start they're going to they're going to
discriminate against you now they would
say they don't do that they would say
that they're just trying to get some
diversity but it's all the
same in terms of its
impact on a straight straight white man
it's all the same now I don't mind if
people like Mark Cuban pretend that they
don't understand why it's bad uh he's
running a company and you as a leader he
might want to support diversity and that
impuls is all
good I like the impulse uh so he's I
think he's defending his his employees
and defending his companies and he's um
let's say establishing his brand as
being very diversely
conscious the way he's doing it is
arguing that Dei is good in general
which he's not dumb enough to actually
believe so I'm gonna assume the the best
which is that he's super smart super
capable it probably is good for him and
his companies to present himself in a as
a Dei supporter
probably um but but anyway so here's my
question about the military why would
any straight white man join the
military when they're being
discriminated against
it's the opposite of what you would
fight for this is what I this is a
country I would fight against not
for if if my country says I'm going to
discriminate against people like you I'm
not going to join to fight for
you no I'm gonna fight against you
because you just said you're my enemy
that you're you're going to discriminate
against me no I'm on the other side
let's be very clear you know I'm All
American but I'm on the other side from
you so no I'm not going to join your
army to fight against people like me I
guess I don't know so what's going to
happen here here's my uh provocative
statement remember I keep uh saying the
same thing over and over in different
stories which is the people like to look
at one part of the topic either just the
benefits or just the costs like the like
the other side doesn't even exist that's
what Dei is let me ask you this and
watch your watch your head
explode do you believe there's ever been
an academic uh paper or
study that looked at what the effect of
Dei would be on straight white males do
you think that's ever been done do you
think every anybody ever said you know
if we do this you know set of things for
Dei we're going to get a bunch of
benefits for nonwhite non-male people
and those benefits would be good for
them do I agree with that absolutely
yeah
totally yeah if I were a person of color
I'd be all for it because it'd be good
for me and you're allowed to do that
right in a in a democracy you're allowed
to say I'm in favor of that because it's
good for me that's not unethical I like
it because it's good for me we can all
vote that way you don't have to I mean
if you don't I might resp respect you
even more but I'm not going to
disrespect you if you vote for your own
interest in a democracy or semi
democracy
so uh I don't think any white man
straight white man should have anything
to do with any organization as Dei but
here's the
thing you know how some people uh the
the racist people like to say America
was built by all these white
people that always bothers me right
right cuz obviously a lot of people
contributed to building the Chinese
slaves and the on the Railroad and the
black slaves so a lot of people Built
America
but you know what you know what else
made America it wasn't the
building that's the part we focus on you
know the part where the the country is
the founded and then you know from the
founding there's all these you know
great things that great people did to
make it the country it is and that's a
good story it's all true but here's
another way to tell the same story
America wasn't about the building it was
about the leaving it was about white men
mostly I mean they they took women but
it was about white men saying I'm going
to get the out of this place
because it's not for me and coming to
America because it wasn't the place they
were leaving is what we do right so if
you want the white straight men to leave
just create a system that guarantees it
which is what we have now so when I say
I'm looking for an alternative to Living
in
America it's not my first choice my
first choice is to stay right where I am
and fix stuff but I'm not an idiot right
the the pilgrims probably wanted to stay
and fix things
too I'll bet the pilgrims gave at least
a little thought to try to fix it where
where they were they probably
complained right didn't work so in the
end being the straight white men that
they probably mostly
were they packed up their women and
their children and they said you know
what let's just go where we don't have
to be bothered by this stuff so they
went to
America but looks like America is
getting spoiled in a similar fashion to
the places they originally
left so we should think
seriously about leaving America not
right away I mean it's not we're not at
that point uh it's definitely we saving
and you know it looks like corrective
forces are in
play I think we'll be fine in the long
run actually I have an optimistic view
of
America but as advice I always say
diversify your portfolio and always have
a backup plan so I think it's really
time for a backup plan for white
straight men and the people who like
them to find another
country and it turns out that's
completely practical or almost through
seing so I think seing is going to be
where straight white men
Escape essentially because they can't go
where the majority vote controls their
lives because they won't be the
majority so and by the way I would
advise that to anybody you know if
you're abused and you're a place where
you don't have enough people to vote any
Improvement
leave CU if people are voting against
you and there's just more of them and
it's not going to change leave go
somewhere where you can have some
control over your life so I think sea
sledding will be a thing sea sledding is
where you build a big artificial Boat
Island that's so big bunch of people
live on it now here's what's new uh I
don't know if you saw it uh the big uh
electronic trade show there's a device
it's about the size of an outside air
conditioner that can create water out of
air and that's what you need if you're
going to be on the ocean because you
can't just desalinate very easily
desalinization is expensive you could do
it but it's expensive but this thing
just picks the water out of the air
there's no salt in it it can do it all
day
long we can also make a power using
temperature
differentials which is perfect for the
ocean it's not great if you're on a
moving ship because you'd have to have
something something that's you know
below the water that's not good if
you're moving but if you're a city you
can go out there and drop something into
the cold cold deep put something else
above above where it's warmer and it's
the temperature differential called A
Sterling engine basically that creates
electricity and it's a well-known very
very old technology and very powerful
way more powerful than people imagine it
is so uh oh that device makes 110
gallons of water a
day enough for you family just put one
next to your your place so now we have
between
solar and Sterling engines you have all
the power you need for your sea setting
you got all the fresh water you need
with that new
technology uh I imagine waste could be
handled in a good way or a bad way
because you're in the ocean um it looks
like your food would mostly be right
there in the ocean wouldn't it don't you
think you'd be able to fish yourself up
plenty of protein and you could probably
do some vegetables and stuff that you
could grow on there I think we're at a
point yeah Kevin cner was not
wrong I think we're at a point where
building your own nation is going to be
completely practical the only thing
you'd have to work out is
defense all right I've been asked a lot
about Rob Riner who is uh often active
on X and old Twitter and he would be
very anti-republican
anti-trump and he's doing a uh I guess
he's doing a series of podcasts on who
killed JFK the JFK assassination now the
reason that people are curious and say
Scott what do you think about this is
because smart people uh believe that Rob
rer has a CIA connection and that his uh
political activism might be more related
to our intelligence agencies than just
his pure singular opinion now I don't
know that no way to prove it but we do
know that Rob Riner has lots of CIA
friends because he just said it
yesterday I just watched a video where
he was describing who was he talking to
I forget he was talking to one of the
podcasts and he actually said he knows a
lot of CIA people and I think Mike Ben
also found that he heads an organization
that has a number of uh past CIA leaders
you know I think Clapper is actually in
the organization that Rob Riner
organizes so so we know he has personal
Connections in the Intel world and we
know that uh he's he's blaming the
CIA for the murder of JFK along with the
mafia so his take is that it's a it's a
little more complicated than the normal
way the story is told but that basically
there are there were elements in the CIA
who worked with elements in the mafia
who were mad the mafia was mad that um
they got kicked out in Cuba so the mafia
wanted keny to make make good with Cuba
so they could go back and get their
casinos and and their business back so
the mafia didn't like Kennedy's I don't
know if Rob rer mentions it but you know
when uh Bobby Kennedy went after the
mafia that probably seemed like some
kind of a betrayal so they had cubble to
hate him for the mafia and and they had
the fact that he was going after the
mafia to hate him for so the mafia
certainly didn't love Kennedy I feel
that's obvious and easy to
say but the question is why if if it's
true that as people say that Rob Riner
has some you know Intel connection and
that he might be in a propaganda role
more than just telling you his personal
opinion but why would he why would he
throw the C C under the bus that doesn't
make sense does it can you explain that
why why would he go hard at the CIA
blaming them for Killing Kennedy if he's
if he were working with them and on
their side how can you explain
that well easily as it turns
out again I don't know what he's
thinking or who he's working with or you
know or what but let me tell you what he
said the parts we do know what he said
was it wasn't this CIA as an ordered
from the top it was rather
Rogue
rightwing elements of the
CIA so the CIA leadership no problem
they weren't involved but Rogue
right-wing elements of the CIA what does
that remind you of the Rogue right-wing
elements does it sound a lot like the
military looking for the white
supremacists in the military oh it does
doesn't it yeah because then the
military can be good but the white
supremacists those damn Republicans as
they might say Well they're bad if you
just get rid of them you'd be in good
shape and it seems it seems that Rob
Riner would like us to believe something
similar like that is happening with the
CIA oh the CIA is not totally clean yeah
no he's not saying that they're not
totally clean but if you could only get
rid of those right-wing elements
it might
be so do you think he's throwing the CIA
under the bus or is he giving them cover
and throwing Republicans under the
bus to me it looks like he's making a
case CAA good unless they're Republicans
and right
Wingers it's all good except for those
right- Wingers so we got to get rid of
them yeah that's what I
think so if rer is trying to look
exactly like a CIA asset he's pulling it
off
perfectly uh somebody says that John
cusac falls into that category and I
would say um cusac might be a little
more
complicated he might be a little more
complicated yeah so I don't know what
his deal is all right uh Sam mman
apparently is looking to create a
network of factories to make uh AI
related chips in the United States now
you might know that we can't have China
or some other company country control
our AI chips because those will be the
most valuable ones probably U but the
United States has not been super good at
building chip factories for reasons I
don't know so now Sam mman in my opinion
is putting together a portfolio that
could make him as rich as Elon Musk
because he's going to have he's going to
have investments in AI which will be the
biggest thing he is long had investments
in Fusion which if it ever comes online
will make you know Ai and robots and
everything far more uh practical and if
he builds a chip factory he's going to
own the AI the AI chips and the infusion
would be the power to power all this
you know I I love how Elon Musk
companies have they always seem to have
something in common or they work with
the others you know the the Skylink
seems to work really well with cars and
spaceships um if you've got AI it's
going to work with all those things if
you can manufacture anything it's you
know so it feels like musk's businesses
have all these I hate to say synergies
but it's the word nobody's come up with
a better word for it yet so I'll just
say it you know as a creator of Dilbert
I hate to say synergies because I mock
that word all the time but that's what
it is but if you do it right it's
actually a good
idea well a bunch of States 33 states
are going to sue meta the Facebook
parent company for uh it's damaged to
Children's Mental Health they say uh
they say quote meta has harness powerful
and unprecedented Technologies to entice
uh engage and ultimately in snare Youth
and teens
its motive is profit blah blah blah blah
kids and teenagers are suffering from
record levels of poor mental health you
think this is going to
work I don't know you know I always say
insurance is the only thing that
predicts so if meta wins the suit then I
guess there's no insurance implication
but what if what if what if this science
showed that young kids are actually
injured and what if some enterprising
lawyers find a way to tie any one kids
suicide or mental health
problem to the
platform you know sort of like
cigarettes tied to smoking will any
lawyer be able to tie mental health of
children or any bad outcomes to the
platforms and if they tied it to more
than one platform would it still work
you know could they say Well it's not
one platform It's a combination of you
know Tik Tok plus this and would that
still work I don't know I'd keep an eye
on the insurance angle to see what kids
will be able to do because I feel like
an adult would not be able to sue so
well because they kind of know what
they're getting
into whereas you know much like
cigarettes you can't really sue a
cigarette company for giving you cancer
because it says that it gives you cancer
right on the package you know so adults
know what they're getting when they do
social media kids don't so you can
imagine that maybe you could sue on
behalf of a kid where it'd be harder on
behalf of a parent who was more more
aware of the real
situation so I think it's all going to
come down to insurance
companies all right so Federman Senator
fedman
Democrat continues to rack up uh topics
which Republicans like so I made a list
of the ones I know of tell me if I left
left one out so feder Federman is very
anti- um
Menendez the the senator who is accused
of uh bad bad bribery behavior and
Menendez is a prominent Democrat so just
the fact that a another prominent
Democrat fedan is against him and very
against him like he's it's like a main
topic uh gives you some
comfort that even as a Democrat he's
willing to police his own
side he's supposed to uh people in
Congress being able to St trade
stocks makes sense to me he he is
against defunding the police makes sense
to me he's pro-israel so am I he's uh
you know he's and he's really against
the people chanting from the from the
river to the Sea so he's got what I
would consider all smart opinions on
this stuff um he's anti-open
borders on the climate do you think he's
a climate
alarmist not so much he says you need to
balance the climate with the our other
threats on National Security
meaning maybe you ought to use a little
coal and a little bit of oil because
otherwise we're all
screwed perfectly
sensible um he even supports fracking in
his state but not the fracking industry
in
large pretty reasonable pretty isal I
don't know what his exact complaint is
about the industry but he's not against
the technology and he's not against
using it an
estate so and he said directly he's no
longer Progressive he just likes to be
called the Democrat so what exactly is
left what what what
topics does fedman favor that a
republican
wouldn't I think
he's he's Pro Second Amendment but he
would be more restrictive than others or
not what kind
of right well I I'd like to just know
more about his
situation don't buy as Scott it's a
swing state oh well yes let's say this
let me say this about their swing state
he he's I think he's a perfect Democrat
for
Pennsylvania because Pennsylvania is is
not like super
Progressive
I would say even I would go further and
I would say that you know I grew up in
Upstate New York no Upstate New York is
not exactly
Pennsylvania they're a little different
but not a lot you know if you if you
grew up in Upstate New York you probably
have some sensibility about what a
Pennsylvania person thinks right it's
not that different and fedman seems very
Pennsylvania to me he could work in
Upstate New York too you know even
though that's more Republican or it used
to
be all right
so uh he's just an interesting story I
like to keep an eye on him it's funny
that a Democrat can make news by not
being
crazy oh there's another Upstate New
Yorker is agreeing with me about the
Pennsylvania similarity yeah
um
so so end Wes one of the fun accounts on
X said says it's going to cost uh this
is according to a 2023 estimate uh the
cost for the illegal immigrant
population or migrant population is $451
billion just for one year so America is
paying $451 billion to make sure that
the migrants are safe and taken care of
uh relative to that uh and wokness says
it would cost 15 billion to build a wall
to keep them out so we're paying 451
billion to take care of somebody the
people that we could have kept a lot of
them out for I don't think it's 15 I
think it's closer to 25 and that means
it's closer to 50 but it's not close to
451 I mean if if you're doing it if if
money is what matters apparently it
isn't
then walls are pretty good
Investments all right
um K Harris is apparently going to be
the uh the leading face for
abortion uh so that that will be her job
in the coming election year to talk
about
abortion and you know I usually say a
lot of bad things about comell Harris
but this might be the perfect
job because think about how this goes
over with
Republicans the Republicans are going to
look at Comm L saying hey more abortions
and they're going to say to themselves
okay but you know in my family we
wouldn't have an abortion whether it was
legal or not so it doesn't really affect
my family because we Republicans are
just going to have the baby if we get in
that situation so really it's the
abortion question is mostly whether the
Democrats can do it you know it's a
generality but it's more about whether
the Democrats can do it because
Republicans even though they do have
abortions of course they're they're more
likely to say well we would just have
the baby because we don't like abortions
but K Harris is
saying and I'm going to sort of
characterize
her she's saying to Republicans that if
if uh abortion is legal there will be
less of
me that's right because Republicans
presumably wouldn't care one way or the
other because they're not having the
abortions anyway on average whereas the
Democrats want to have them and the face
of of can we kill our babies is K Harris
and I look at K Harris and I say
so you want permission to kill your baby
who would grow up to be like you okay I
don't want to think that the baby would
necessarily be exactly like the parent
you know you can't blame the parent
Can't Blame a baby for something the
parent's doing so it wouldn't be a fair
thing on the other hand my subconscious
is telling me I do want less of you not
not for racial reasons not for gender
reasons for political reasons
only so it's a weird it's a weird sales
thing where it's weirdly
effective because the Republicans the
the only ones who have to be convinced
are looking at it and go okay that's a
pretty good argument you probably do
need less of you one fact
us all
right Lloyd Austin um the news is
reporting that Lloyd Austin the defense
secretary is back to work but I have a
question how can we be
sure did he tell
anybody that's all I had on that that's
all I had I have nothing else to say
about that did he tell anybody or did he
I feel like it's George castanza
situation where he just sort of shows up
at work after he
quit and and people just sort of notice
he's there I feel like I did somebody
see Lloyd I feel like I feel like he's
working did he mention it to anybody
does anybody know anyway
uh has Dan santis back down to the race
yet some people said he was going to do
it today apparently he cancel some
interviews which make people suspicious
and it would be about the right time and
people are calling for it V is calling
for it
Etc um but do you really think it would
happen before the New
Hampshire oh he's in New Hampshire
today I feel like you wouldn't pull out
before New Hampshire
uh that he wouldn't call him because he
could at least take some votes away from
Nikki
Hy because shouldn't the santis if he's
going to drop out shouldn't he at least
let Trump do the best that Trump can do
in New Hampshire by maybe keeping some
voters from going from D santis to
Haley or do I have the is my analysis
wrong Trump would do better with him in
the race right or do I have that
backwards would anybody say the opposite
that Trump would be better off with him
in or
out 34 Minute
glitch yeah better with the out oh
better with him Mount because his votes
would mostly go to Trump not Haley so we
okay I think either way he's going to
win New
Hampshire so we'll keep an eye on that
um
certainly the DeSantis energy all
suggests he that he's done would you
agree I I feel like DeSantis is making
no attempt to get like a big publicity
hit I think he's just going through the
actions for his I I think he's just
paying back his donors by saying well
you gave me money I guess I better
appear at these events because I haven't
quit yet so I feel sorry for him because
I think he's just going through the
motions there's a VI update uh Sean
Hannity asked him about possibly being a
VP in a trump Administration and because
he's smart said quote there's a lot of
ways to drive change in the country
inside and outside the
government you know my only issue with a
V is he might be too qualified for a lot
of the jobs that you keep suggesting you
should have I think he's too qualified
to be a vice president because they're a
little bit wasted in that
job he's also too qu ified to be a
spokesperson it you know if you think
that V's um skill is that he's just a
good
talker I think you're missing the you
you buried the lead he's a good talker
because he's insanely smart it's the
insanely smart part we like not just the
good talking so would he be a good
spokes person yeah he'd be the best he'd
be the best there ever was is that a
good place for him no no that would be a
place for a good
talker right somebody who understands
everything well enough to really
communicate it
well but if you're if you're
strategically you know brilliant you
need to be inside the room not just
talking about what happened in the room
so we'll see where he goes are you how
many of you are following this Ireland
Free Speech situation which I was trying
to ignore but now it's too big to ignore
so I don't know if I have this right yet
because I I'm only just waiting into it
today and I was kind of in a hurry this
morning so here's what I think I
understand so Ireland is considering
some
legislation that would uh ban so-called
hate speech for anybody who's got an
Ireland connection like a business ER or
a citizen now you say to yourself well
why do we care about that that's just
little irel land but turns out that
Ireland little Ireland has a lot of the
big tech companies over there so the the
thinking is that they could put pressure
on the tech
companies uh and it wouldn't be easy for
them to move out of Ireland because
there's quite a big presence there now
the thought is that it's not really a
hate speech issue at all it's if you can
get a hate speech bill passed in one
little country then you can just say oh
uh everything those Republicans are
saying is haze speech so you basically
just close down the opposition so that's
what people worry I'm reading Michael
shellenberger post and and stuff on this
uh people worry that the real play that
it's a trojan horse it's not about hate
speech it's about stopping the
opposition speech and that it would be
expanded but here's the part I don't get
yet maybe somebody in the comments can
fill me in if there's a quick way to do
that why wouldn't the tech companies
just say okay we're gone is it just cost
it just be too
expensive is that the only reason in in
taxes so basically it's oh so they have
a big tax haven over there so it would
be prohibitively expensive for them to
leave so so it' be easier for Google to
say ah we like Free Speech but we don't
like Republicans either so all right
we'll give you what you want is that
what's going to happen that would be
very dangerous if that's what's going to
happen all
right and as uh Michael shellenberger
points out that people think it's an
anti-semitic uh sort of a conspiracy
theory that George Soros is trying to
you know buy influence and control the
governments but then he points out that
Alex Soros is who's running the show at
the moment
um is always being photographed with the
top leaders of all the
countries do you know why anybody takes
a picture with a top leader of another
country do you know what that's all
about well well Michael sheler take is
that it's so Alex Soros can show
everybody who he bought all right that
I'm paraphrasing he didn't say it that
way but the idea is that you're
advertising your control over the people
do you see it that way so if every time
you saw a world leader you saw them
smiling too big and acting like they're
really really good friends with Alex
Soros wouldn't
you think well Alex Soros is controlling
things because he gives a lot of money
to a lot of people and the people he
gives money to in the political realm
like to take a picture smiling really
big so maybe they get more money
later so follow the money
works it does appear that if you look at
all the money that Alex sorus is giving
to the Nos and the politicians and the
way he's doing it it does look like he's
either the dumbest guy in the world or
he's intentionally trying to destroy the
world for reasons that are a little
unclear so I'm actually still confused
about
him maybe he's some kind of Weird True
Believer in
something but it feels more like he's
enjoying the power and the influence and
so if he just keeps giving to people who
act a certain way and they act a certain
way to him maybe that's all he cares
about I I can't believe he thinks he's
fixing the
world that like there's no evidence that
he's making the world a better place do
you think that the open borders is
entirely one guy Alex
Soros what do you think do you think
it's entirely one person no you're
saying no you think it's the world
economic
forum
it's the whole
un yeah who in the world thinks that
massive immigration is going to turn out
well it I don't know anybody honest who
could think that would work well uh
there's a Chinese biolab found in
California Robbie Starbucks was writing
about it on X uh I don't know what to
think of this so there's this Chinese
guy who had a lab with every kind of bad
deadly chemical in it or virus and he
got caught and apparently he's actually
on record of saying he wants to defeat
the American aggression
aggressors so it appears that on the
surface there was literally a Chinese
biolab by a terrorist who was maybe
funded by China who wanted to create a
virus and Destroy
America I feel like I'm missing
something in this story is a little too
on the nose or something I don't know I
I'm going to put a pin in this one and
say it's all scary stuff better pay
attention to it but I feel like there's
more to know don't you think I I feel
like I don't know there's a variable
missing in
that no Mr Bond we want you to die I
don't know why we're saying that but
somebody's saying
it all
right
[Music]
um there there's a uh if you didn't see
the video there was a big UFC fight in
Toronto and I guess the chanting was F
Trudeau so the UFC fans in Canada are
not big fans of the president but I use
this story to remind you that sometimes
we think we're in some kind of political
opinion
difference I'm not sure that's true I
think it's a testosterone
difference because if if you fill a
stadium full of high testosterone
people that they praise Trump and they
yell at Trudeau is that always a
coincidence I don't think that's a
coincidence isn't it literally just the
high testost and people detest Trudeau
and love Trump I think that's all it is
yeah all right speaking of testosterone
there's a new let's see I think it was
the Wall Street Journal saying that uh
there are more American single men who
say they don't have any close friends so
20% of single men say they don't have
any close friends was that shocking to
you who who is shocked de that 20% of
single men don't have any friends close
ones
well oh really
okay
okay um I thought it would be much
higher I don't think it's 20% I think
it's closer to half what do you think I
think at least half of all men don't
have any
friends yeah close to half so I think
that's a terrible
poll um my only advice for men who want
to have more friends is that it has to
come through joint
activity men don't make friends because
somebody was nice at the
bar the doesn't really happen so
somebody chatted with you at the bar and
you made friends and then you became
friends forever I've never heard of that
I've heard of people who were roommates
who stayed friends and but they were
roommates for accidental reasons I've
heard of people who played Sports
together becoming friends I've heard of
people work together being friends you
got to do a thing with other guys if you
want to be friends take up a sport join
a you know work somewhere where there's
guys that's the only thing we it's just
AC activity it's activity activity
activity I'm not even sure rotary uh if
you join the
rotary that probably only works if
you're getting involved and really doing
the work you know you're not just a a
member who attends meetings but it could
work
yes all right
um end wokeness uh noted that uh in
Australia they've got Mass migration
problem too
uh
737,000 migrants in
2023 um so one out of 36 Australians
arrived last
year wow but 70% of Australians pulled
wanted less
immigration only 10% wanted more is
Australia a
democracy they're getting more
immigration but 70% don't want it no
it's obviously not obviously not and is
is
America uh a republic with Democratic
principles obviously not I don't know
who's in charge now when I say that I
don't say that like a hyperbole like oh
we don't know who's in charge you know
conspiracy theory I mean it literally I
actually don't know because there's no
evidence that Biden's in
charge if it's not
him who is it I I actually don't know
that's legitimately I don't know I don't
think it's Obama I think Obama gets
involved in some political stuff and
maybe a few things he cares about I I'm
sure he wants a Democrat for president
so he might be involved in the
campaign klouse I don't
know I don't
know
um
so uh so the US there's a story that the
us is getting more involved in trying to
blunt the influence of China and Russia
in Africa because as you know China's
aggressive in Africa building
infrastructure uh giving them loans and
you really trying to get economically
tight with the African nations uh to get
a big Advantage with them in the future
uh a lot of it has to do with resources
because China needs a lot of natural
resources and Africa ASM so they figure
you know the more they wrap their
economic Futures together the more
they'll have access to the resources so
let me ask this how is it working out
for AF for China so
far is China pretty happy they put their
money in Africa because they bought the
they built some gleaming facilities that
are working out just the way they
hoped as far as I know China has
basically wasted immense amount of
resources in Africa and got almost
nothing in return now not positive
that's
true well the the rare actually The Rare
Minerals might be that might be a valid
argument so I do think they're getting
resources but what I don't think is that
they're uh delighted with the return on
their Investments because America also
has seemingly all the rare materials we
need I mean we're building stuff so
China has raw materials like Rare Earth
we have Rare Earth but we didn't spend a
gazillion billion dollars in Africa they
got pissed away so I think it would be a
toss up strategy-wise whether it's
smarter to compete with China and try to
get as much control of Africa as we
can
[Music]
um
and doesn't know but it was a better use
of 10 trillion than our stupid Wars I
don't know I I guess the question
question is is any amount of money that
you put into Africa going to work out
because there's there's a theoretical
amount of corruption that makes it
impossible to invest and I think they're
below that line I think they're
uninvestable so if you try to make it
investable by investing I don't know if
that could get you from here to
there I don't know I don't know if
that's really a path so of course Africa
will improve like everything improves
over time but if you try to make it
improve too fast you might have some
some issues there so I'm not sure we
should be competing
there well let's talk about Israel in
the two- State versus one state solution
so Netanyahu has said directly now that
there's no real there's no plan for from
him anyway for a two-state solution he
wants Israel to control the West Bank in
Gaza and that's it and then you're done
Israel controls it and we're done
forever now as you might imagine that is
very provocative and the Arab world
doesn't love it and the Biden
Administration wants a two-state
solution and all the protesters want an
end to the violence and for them to work
out something that would look like a
two-state solution so what's going to
happen uh well things are getting bad
there well they were always bad but
getting worse the numbers of uh people
killed civilian uh you know I think I
won't even say the number because you're
just going to say that number came from
Hamas that is exaggerated and I'll say
yeah you're probably right but it's the
only number we have and I I told you
where it came from and then you'll say
but still it's so misleading maybe it'd
be better you didn't mention it at all
so I'm not going to mention it at all so
just know that there claims of you know
immense numbers of uh wounded and dead
civilians and Fighters but estimates of
of how many Hamas Fighters they got is
more like
20% and progress is
slowing so the suggestion is that Hamas
is on the border of
wedding Hamas is on the border of
winning because for them not losing is
winning if they lost half of their
Fighters but stayed in power that's a
win right because they would have
degraded Israel's reputation in the
world they don't care so much about
their own deaths that'd be a win so if
Israel is really only degraded 20% of
the actual Fighters that doesn't look
like they're winning to me what do you
think because they're hurting public
opinion and they're not getting what
they wanted for it which is kill
Hamas so that's not
ideal um but if you have Ned yaho who is
against the two State solution and
you've got Biden who wants one and of
course we're going to have to get on the
same page at some
point um what do you do well let me give
you a lesson in
negotiating if you have a situation
which cannot be solved anytime soon your
best
bet all right somebody's saying Israel
isn't
losing like that I I don't want to get
into a dumb argument right so let's see
if I can say it in a way that you'll
stop saying
that you don't know who's winning and
losing because that depends on the final
State and that's
unknowable you don't know if Israel will
be forced by public opinion to slow down
what they're doing which will leave
Hamas intact which would definitely be
losing but you also don't know if if
Israel is just going to ignore public
opinion and do whatever they need to do
until they do win which they could it's
possible so you can't say Israel is
winning and you can't say Hamas is
winning you can say there's an argument
for both situations are you okay with
that there's an argument for both but
you don't know which way it's going to
end how would
you well I'm going to give you a
prediction based on the only way it
could end when there's only one way it
can
go it's not hard to predict would you
agree I don't think it was hard to
predict where Ukraine and Russia would
go they would kill more people until
they got tired and they would make some
kind of
agreement that looks sort of like the
borders the way they are
now so you don't have to be a genius if
there's literally only one way things
can go I mean you could say well it'll
be a nuclear war but not really it
doesn't really look like it could be a
nuclear war um so here's here's the way
I think Israel and Gaza is going to go
uh the two-state solution people will
never give up Netanyahu will not be able
to stay in office um and push his one
one nation thing Biden isn't going to
say one
nation um and here's what's going to
happen there's only one way to solve it
you make a 20-year deal and say here's
the deal we can't just hand it back to
hamash you understand why but we'll make
a 20-year plan for a two for a two
Nation
solution if after 20 years the following
security and let's say education of the
people in in those areas uh reaches
certain
criteria at that time we will uh look
into turning you back over to Hamas or
or not Hamas probably but to the
Palestinians to uh to run it because
after 20 years you've shown us that you
can live with us in peace and not be a
threat now what would Biden say to that
oh that's too
slow and then then Yahoo says it's all
you're
getting all right we'll try to sell it
so then they can say this is the only
plan because you know you can't do it in
a day and you know you can't wait 100
years so we're going to do the only
productive thing we can which is to say
look 20 years is reasonable because you
got to change a lot and it's going to
take 20 years especially educating the
youth so if Israel gets control of the
curriculum in the
schools such that they can actually
brainwash the youth and they can reduce
the number of Terror attacks to whatever
level they say is low enough that
they're okay with
it at the end of 20 years they will
definitely be open to that two-stage
solution
now what will really happen in the real
world first of all it would be hard to
say no to that deal if it's the best one
you can
get
because Israel is never going to agree
to a two-state solution right off the
bat that's just stupid like even imagine
that's going to be a serious
conversation is crazy but eventually you
know they could they can make a claim
that things can change they can't make a
claim that it would work work today that
would be crazy literally crazy so when
you only have one thing you can do
that's probably what's going to happen
so the one thing you can do is say We'll
create some series of confidence
building steps to get us to where we
both would like to be because I don't
think Israel would hate it if they got
out of the business of protecting
themselves from their
neighbor it just doesn't seem possible
but if it could be done of I think
they'd like it I don't think that they
lust for extra land uh you know
expanding in this way I don't think
that's as much as I would like to just
not have the problem at all that's my
guess so I'm going to predict that there
will be a phased uh kind of approach and
oh yeah maybe maybe the Abraham Accords
will be wrapped into that as in you know
if you guys can get along for a while
then Saudi and Israel get along for a
while and maybe help with the rebuilding
you you could tie all that stuff
together but the important thing is uh
Israel would have to know that they
could say no after 20 years and then
they
would they would definitely say no after
20 years because there isn't a chance in
the world that the Palestinians will
stop their their attacks there's no
chance of that right and and if they
pull the public and maybe one of the
criteria is poll
ping maybe one of the criteria is if we
pull you you can't be uh 80% in favor of
killing all of the people in Israel
because we're not going to give you a
state if that's the
situation so you know even though polls
can be faked and whatnot um they could
say you're going to have to get public
opinion down to some reasonable level of
wanting to kill us before a two-state
solution is even you know something we
could take
seriously
so yeah uh that's the only way to go so
therefore it will uh there's talk of a
hostage deal Hamas is saying they'll
give back all the hostages if uh the
fighting stops and Hamas can go back in
in charge of
Gaza that's not gonna
happen so the these are all fake
offers uh so why is Hamas making a fake
offer that they know will be turned down
so that it looks like they're
negotiating so it looks like they care
about you know giving back the hostages
yeah so it's a fake offer and Israel
should match it with a fake offer of
their own oh hey what I'll make you a
deal can't give you that stay right away
but if you work with us keep things safe
for 20
years yeah totally
possible all right that ladies and
gentlemen is the end of my cont content
tight and perfect I think for today I
going say bye to the uh the Youtube and
Rumble and x uh viewers thanks for
watching and we'll see you again
tomorrow same place same time bye for
now