hey everybody come on in dear it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and you have
come to the right place
this is where all the simultaneous
sipping happens yeah it does and all you
need is what what do you need a cup or a
mug or a glass of tanker Challenger
Stein the canteen jug or flask FSL of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
the other day the thing that makes
everything including the pandemic better
it's called the simultaneous hip go mmm
white blood cell count increasing even
as we sip it's amazing really well first
an update on my presidency I candidacy
as you know I'm I announced my run for
president but I'm running as a emergency
backup spare just in case Joe Biden is
the nominee and he's not capable of
being president but just in case
something happens to President Trump
let's say he decides to retire before
November don't you want an emergency
backup will all be your emergency backup
do not vote for me if President Trump is
still in the you know still in the
election and still looking healthy vote
for him instead if you're a trump
supporter but if anything happens and
your only other choice is Joe Biden I'm
your emergency backup
all right the unemployment numbers
around today six point six million
people filed for unemployment now
according to my digital devices the
number of people who work in the United
States is about 139 million or at least
you know recently that was the number
so 6.6 million are unemployed or maybe
additionally unemployed but that's out
of 139 people who were 139 million who
are still working it's about 5% so today
it was about 5% out of work I thought it
was gonna be a lot more didn't you
didn't you think the unemployment would
be like 30% or something like that I
feel like most people can't go to work
but I guess people are getting paid
people are telecommuting you know and
maybe you will see that double next
month I don't know but if it stayed that
if 6.6 million then ended up being you
know the worst of it I don't think it
will seems like you would have to go up
in the next couple of weeks but if it
were we can get past that pretty easily
the problem is that it could get worse
but I don't think you should be too
afraid of today's number because as a
percentage it's manageable if you know
unless it doubles and triples in the
coming weeks here's my grade for the the
task force working on the coronavirus
I'm going to give it an F an F grade now
they may be doing good things that we
can't see I assume they are right yeah I
assume that they're doing great work
behind the scenes working hard I think
it's all the right people working on
everything and I think that they're
moving heaven and earth and doing what
they can I give them a failing grade
because now it's been two weeks and I
can't answer this question I watch every
I watch every one of the press
conferences and I can't answer the
question when will we have enough masks
seriously why I can't answer that
question yet how about this one what
will we have enough tests test kits but
both for testing people that you know
may or may not have it and for testing
the public in general what is that next
week is it in four months
you don't know I don't know it's the
most basic thing you'd have to know in
order to judge that your task force was
competent and we don't know we don't
even have a guess I don't know if it's a
month or a year I don't know if we can
ever get there how about the results of
the Hydrox chloroquine now you feel like
you're getting good information about
how that's going no no you're not
might be the most important thing that's
going on and your task forces
intentionally not talking about it and
when they talked about masks they gave
you the wrong information don't wear
them so that was misinformation so of
the two most important things where are
we at tests well three really where are
we at tests masks and knowledge about
and supply of hydroxychloroquine the
three things that I think are the most
important you have no visibility on
after weeks now do you think that it's
impossible to know those numbers or even
even sort of directionally you know we
think we can have it done in two weeks
but it might take a month that would
tell you something but I hate to be
grading harshly but it's an emergency
right I think in normal times I might
might be a little more flexible but you
have the entire psychology of the
country which is the thing upon which
your economy depends our the way we
think about the economy is going to be
the thing that makes it recover or or
not and the way we're thinking about it
is completely crippled by the fact that
the three most important pieces of
information in my opinion which is you
know the availability of supplies
generally but I would say mask was going
to be more important hydroxychloroquine
supply and you know and also I'd like to
know how many people are being
hospitalized there having the
hydroxychloroquine early there was one
doctor that was on laura ingraham show
last night saying that it was a gay
changer that rocks chloroquine was and
that when that none of the people he
gave it to for five days in other words
the people who got it early enough in
their symptoms
none of them ended up being intubated
and on ventilators none so you know it
wasn't a it wasn't a controlled test but
the doctor was saying that the odds of
that happening given given all the other
groups and what percentage of them get
on ventilators he said that the odds of
the the hydroxychloroquine not being the
thing that made the difference
or just vanishingly small at this point
could be wrong but that's what it looks
like at this point all right so I give
the taskforce a failing grade for
communication because their
communication as a impact on our morale
and our psychology psychology has an
impact on the economy and if we break
that you can't put it back together
again too easily right right now the
economy is not broken it's just sort of
on a timeout which is very different
it's not broken it's just paused and I
if if we don't get this information
pretty soon I don't know how much longer
the country can hold that together
because we're literally holding the
economy together by will I mean that's
not an exaggeration the entire economy
of the world is being held together by
our minds that's not an exaggeration
because what we think of it is what it
becomes and what it will be because if
you think it's good do you invest if you
think it's gonna be bad you fire your
staff and you don't invest there's a
completely different direction so task
force please even if you have to lie to
us and then you know correct it as you
give better information when did we get
Aven of desks when are we going to have
this hydroxychloroquine that we could
take you know early on enough of it you
know and when when are we gonna have
enough tasks it's
you know here's what I don't want to say
I'm trying not to swear because I'm
getting really mad so I'll try to take
it down a little level to maybe maybe
I'll go a whole day without swearing who
knows it's deeply irresponsible to watch
these experts up there and there and our
president simply spouting wrong numbers
here's what I I'm just gonna swear okay
I'm just going to warn you I can't get
past this next action without using a
curse word so send the kids away
Tony debt you know turn down the volume
whatever you want here's what I don't
want to see today so I assume there'll
be another coronavirus task force I
don't want to see them spouting
wrong numbers again oh we got 4,000
ventilators and I said 20,000 over here
and 6,000 gloves and I said 4,000 masks
 you you don't give us wrong
numbers tell us how many you need how
close are you to that how many are in
the pipeline that'd be good don't give
us wrong numbers like we're
 idiots all right
you have been wrong you the
professionals both the politicians of
the experts you've been wrong
about everything you've been wrong about
the mask you've been wrong about
two hydrochloric Wayne you've been wrong
about the China numbers probably wrong
about the models you've been
wrong about everything
and you stand in front of us and you
 say these wrong numbers like
that is supposed to make us
happy you're blowing this smoke
up our asses in the middle of a goddamn
emergency well the economy is melting
down and you're giving us this
wrong numbers like we're idiots
like we're idiots
oh it's 4,000 oh I guess that's good
well go back to work now about 4000
ventilators is that a lot is that too
much
give us a piece of information
you goddamn incompetent
I'm not gonna go one more day being okay
with this it's a emergency give
us some useful numbers for once
how about not lying to us and we
know it how about that if you don't know
the numbers just say you're incompetent
just tell us and maybe we can do
something about it
but please stop lying to us
about the numbers the wrong numbers
don't help us at all not even a little
bit if you can't put them in context
don't even talk just let
somebody else talk all right this is for
you mr. president I love you mr.
president but we can't have another day
of these wrong numbers out of
context right it's there was way too
long you know I was a little bit
patience for a while but now I'm
mad all right
you gotta fix this today you got a few
hours mix up make up some
numbers if you don't have good numbers
just make up some numbers jesus
 christ
all right here's something interesting
or not I got a message on LinkedIn a lot
of people are sending me useful
information that I can you know send
around to somebody and apparently
there's a company I will name the
company that can make 70 million tests
gets for the corona virus in two weeks
so they're capable of making 70 million
tests in two weeks but they're not doing
it because they need a big check so
right now they don't know how to sell it
like individual hospitals and stuff they
don't really they're not set up for that
they're more set up for you know selling
big big bunches so I've passed that
along to you know my my most helpful of
contacts in the government
and you know maybe this is a real
company and maybe they can really do
that maybe it makes a difference but I
was kind of shocked that at this point
in the process there would be a company
that makes test kits I think they need
to be validated and approved or
something too but there would be a
company that could make this many test
kits it's in another country it's
another American company and we haven't
already climbed down there their pants
to figure out what they can do and how
quickly they can do it so I'm a little
skeptical that as of today there would
be a company that can make 70 million
test kits and yet hasn't got a
productive contact and some government
to send them a check I'm a little little
skeptical but I pass it along anyway if
you're following along on zoom' the
application that lets you make a video
call with your teammates you probably
know that there's a little bit of a
problem there that's becoming more of a
problem I think as time goes by that the
lot of their engineers live and work in
China and some of the traffic goes
through servers in China so if you're
doing a top-secret business meeting
about your technology and you're using
zoom which is the most popular software
for doing this probably I don't even
attend businesses or using it routinely
especially now your your secrets are
actually going through a server in China
when you know that China is stealing our
secrets it's not like it's not like you
worried that they might it's way past
its way past worrying that they might
steal your secret IP they are because
it's the most confirmed documented thing
in the world so zoom has a problem now I
will just tell you that there is a zoom
alternative which is which can be
packaged up right now it wouldn't work
for everybody because you'd have to
scale it up
but if there's any
me out there who would like to invest in
a zoom alternative that does not go
through China contact me so I'm looking
for somebody was a billionaire who can
write a big check I'm not I'm not going
to be doing like fundraising or anything
but if you're a billionaire or you're in
the government and you can write a check
for a million and a half to you know
just develop it to the point of
feasibility it's mostly already written
so so the actual code was mostly done
and I've actually used it and you can
make a call and it looks just like zoom
but it would need to be packaged up in a
company form and you'd have to have
enough servers online to handle the
handle the volume etc so it would be a
big job to productize it but if anybody
if anybody's interested in that just
tweet at me you know I'll hook you up
and I am connected to that just full
disclosure I am connected to that effort
so just so you heard that okay let's see
I have a question does China's death
tolls which which we know are all bogus
but I wonder if it includes the
political prisoners that they that they
carve up for parts now if you didn't
know that it's apparently it's well
documented to the point of no data
babbit so China is using political
prisoners for parts they're actually
keeping them alive I assume that they
have anesthesia but in order to transfer
organs from someone to someone else you
need the donor to be alive China can
deliver a heart and lung transplant on
demand on the hour that you want it now
you don't have to be much of a
transplant expert to know that if you
can deliver a specific organ on a
specific date it's because she killed
somebody
there's there's no mathematically
statistically there's just no way that
somebody would coincidentally you
be a donor within driving distance and
you know within an hour of when you
needed the surgery so so the experts
know for sure because and they know that
the operations are happening because
Westerners sometimes go over there and
get the operation because they can't get
a heart and lung on-demand anywhere else
because nobody else is killing people
for hearts and lungs so I wondering you
know if it's true the high numbers I saw
some numbers like over 300,000 people
might have died from the corona virus in
in China now imagine if 300,000 died you
know most of them are probably elderly
and would not qualify for any kind of a
transplant but how many people who were
let's say Chinese party officials who
could be saved with let's say a lung
transplant because you know lungs go bad
with the coronavirus company how many
communist party members in China you
know people who are rich or connected
how many of them are alive because they
killed a political prisoner and took
that person's heart and lungs and put it
into the Chinese official probably more
than one you know I don't know could be
a few just put that out there all right
I suggested I put this idea out there I
was just seeing what kind of appetite
there was for this yeah but I want to
tell you how clever this is so on the
surface it doesn't sound clever but then
I'll tell you what the clever thing is
all right so I tweeted let's start
expelling the kids of Chinese elites who
are going to college in the United
States in alphabetical order wonderful
every death from fentanyl or rotavirus
now of course it wouldn't take long
before they were all gone but there are
quite a few children of the the rich
people the elites the connected people
in China who as a status symbol go to
college in the United States because if
you're the Chinese official you'd like
to say that your
kid went to Harvard or Stanford or some
good American College and of course they
they take this training back to China
we're trying to you know in most cases
and China of course tries to destroy the
United States with this newly learned
knowledge and so now the the colleges of
course the universities they make a lot
of money from the foreign students
because they can charge them the full
price you know that foreign students are
not necessarily getting scholarships so
it's profitable for the colleges that's
why they do it a lot but here's the
here's the strength of the idea if you
just said to Danny you know just today
all kids of Chinese elites
go home today now that would make a big
statement but it wouldn't be nearly as
good as my idea of doing it in
alphabetical order now I don't know if
you ever saw a Schindler's List
but this is a persuasion technique I
learned from a scene and Schindler's
List meaning that you know without going
into details a bad guy was executing
prisoners somewhat randomly and the
prisoners had to wait and wonder if they
were next now as bad as it is to be
executed that happens kind of quickly
right yes you had to have you kind of
dead quickly as bad as that is but not
knowing if in the next five minutes
you're gonna be shot in the head because
you're watching other people get a shot
and had it right in front of you has got
to be far more psychologically
devastating right I mean Stan's treason
so here's the idea instead of just
saying all Chinese children of elites
have to leave the colleges and go home
and that would be like pulling the
band-aid off all at once it would be bad
it would get their attention they
wouldn't like it at all but it would
also be over really quickly so it's not
nearly as good what you want to do is
say it's nothing personal
we're not even gonna decide who goes
first we'll just do it in alphabetical
order and then on day one you say that
looks like we got a week of fentanyl
overdoses and this many Karuna deaths
okay that's a that's a hundred and
seventy five so we'll just go down the
alphabet until you get a hundred
seventy-five kids and you just send them
home just send them home you got to be
going by tomorrow and then the next day
the elites in China say what the heck
just happened wait a minute what's our
last name my last name starts with F oh
let's maybe we should do something about
this so if it doesn't hurt the elites it
doesn't count those are the only ones
who get a vote so I would say let's say
let's just send them home in
alphabetical order don't have to do it
right away you know just start start the
process in alphabetical order and make
it just mechanical no no human decision
involved we'll just get a statistic go
down the alphabetical list send them an
email say be going by Tuesday you don't
even have to negotiate about it you
don't even have to ask China for
anything in return there's no
negotiating here you're just saying it's
just the way we want to run things this
is our system don't even don't even
argue it all right here's a new rule I'm
stealing this from Bill Maher
he always has new rules which is a good
structure for jokes by the way yeah if
you're criticizing the president's
timing of decisions for this coronavirus
stuff you have to produce a witness who
was in the room and watched the
president ignore advice from experts at
the time because otherwise what exactly
are you criticizing now if the president
was surrounded by experts who said you
must do X and the president ignored all
the experts and said yeah I think I'll
do Y well that that would be a
legitimate story that that's something
I'd want to know
right but if all we know is it would
have been better to do something earlier
or different does that tell you anything
because again everything good should
have been done earlier there's no
exception to that
so simply saying it should have been
done earlier there's no meaning at all
except you know TV idiots will talk
about it forever but unless you have a
witness that actually watched him listen
to experts and decide not to follow
their advice you don't really have
anything because without that there's no
context it wouldn't mean anything
hey the leaders of other countries
didn't seem to do much better now if you
know I know some people could say ah but
Scott why were we not ready with all the
ventilators and the test machine the
tests test kits the answer is nobody was
nobody was ready with that I mean South
Korea is a smaller place maybe they're a
little more efficient
maybe they got there quicker but nobody
was ready of all the nations of the
world nobody was ready and and how many
ventilators did we think we needed how
many did we think we have we still don't
know we don't know how many we had that
money we needed do you think that the
president United States was ever aware
that we had a ventilator shortage was
even ever aware of that do you think the
president and you could say this for
every leader of every other country do
you think the President of the United
States was aware that we didn't have the
right kind of test kits no I doubt it
you know that's kind of down in the
details so anyway that's enough about
that I'm watching the most interesting
intellectual let's say difference of
opinion and what's interesting about it
is that the two people who are on
opposite sides of this are so smart
normally normally you see a smart person
arguing with a dumb person you know of
course you always agree with the one you
think is the smart one
but it's unusual to see somebody who are
equally smart you know at the highest
level smart and also deeply disagreeing
while looking at exactly the same facts
and to me that's that's just like so
fascinating so here's what's happening
so you may be familiar with these names
from Twitter or otherwise but Balaji
Srinivasan has been tweeting about the
dangers of the corona virus
you know extensively and in detail you
know tons of good sources and great
thinking about etcetera and he would be
on the other side saying this is you
know it's as big a problem as the
experts say it is maybe even bigger it's
gonna be big it's a big big deal and
then it's you know it's special now to
Balaji's point you could look at China
you know they had more deaths than they
say probably you can look at Italy and
Iran and you just say oh well already
we're seeing that there are major
problems and then we also look at what
the ER doctors are saying and I don't
believe you'll see any ER doctors who
say you know I'm working ER and it's
basically just the flu have you heard
anybody saying that have you heard any
doctor who was actually working at you
know the frontlines who agrees with the
notion you know this is it's sort of
just like more flu there's sort of like
more like that no not even close every
doctor who's working on it says as
clearly as possible this is not the flu
one of the doctors said that you could
even tell the people who have it by
their eyes get red in a very very
specific way and they have a very
specific you know quaff and bronchial
situation but anyway so so balaji has on
this side that the the deaths of going
from 100's a day to a thousand and out
of a week or something as as you would
expect if it's really bad you've got
other countries that are already
suffering yet the sooner that things
were really bad there that sides with
him and then the ER doctors so he's got
quite a bit of scientific and anecdotal
information
it's compatible with his view that this
is really a big big problem on the other
hand we have equally smart and
well-informed Adam Townsend one of the
people that I look to to make sure my
opinion is makes sense you know and
balagia as well so when there are people
who will instantly modify my opinion
just because they're smarter and I just
changed my opinion sometimes when smart
people say something else but Adam says
and I think it would it would be really
easy for me to mischaracterize the
nuance of his argument so I apologize in
advance to Adam if I'm doing that I'll
try my best to capture right and I think
the feeling is that may be closing the
economy was an overreaction based on
what we're seeing so some of the sub
arguments are that were probably over
accounting the number of deaths in New
York so does that sound right there were
probably over accounting the number of
people dying from coronavirus now the
argument here is that especially for
older patients were the majority the
ones who are having the bad problems
older patients almost always have an
underlying health condition almost
always you know if you're seventy plus
you've got something wrong with you you
know little hypertension got some COPD
maybe you've got a heart murmur or maybe
you got something so but every time one
of those people who has some other
condition also has coronavirus you know
are they being are they being recorded
correctly so in other words is it the
corona virus that really killed them or
did they have things that were gonna
kill them anyway
and so the corona virus was you know
just coincidentally in their body to I
don't know how you'd get to the bottom
of that but I'm just pointing out that
that that's an argument likewise
the New York data shows that almost
nobody is dying unless they had an
underlying condition which would suggest
well maybe it's not that bad for regular
people except that most of us have some
kind of underlying condition you know if
you can't overweight and you know asthma
and everything else a lot of us have an
underlying condition including me and
then also adam has correctly pointed out
that i believe the the models for how
many people were already supposed to be
dead
we're not even close so in other words
apparently were way less investin way
way under than the models at one time
predicted now let's pull apart these two
arguments because they're they're not
exactly opposites I would say the atom
is more skeptical of the data which is
different from saying the data is wrong
or you know I think he's pointing out
that you can't really rely on these
numbers and therefore you don't quite
know what you're dealing with and you
don't necessarily know that it's so bad
you should close the entire economy
here's what's interesting about this
besides the fact that they're both smart
and they're looking at the same
information we are so close to knowing
who's right and neither of them are
backing down if we're so close because
in two weeks you're gonna know with a
fair degree of certainty right was this
as bad as the experts said or did we
just panic and it was more of a hysteria
situation it was the way we were coding
the deaths one of those two positions is
going to be right and we're going to
know in two weeks and the fact that
they're both they're both pretty firm
and they're opposite opinions just
fascinates me it's the two movies on one
screen all right what will be the what
will be the impact on climate change
politics after all this is done
because I've never seen experts take a
beating like this of you can you think
of any time in your life that the
experts were so thoroughly discredited
I'm not not all the experts and not on
all the facts but you know the whole
don't where you don't need a you don't
need a face mask thing that felt like
some kind of a final straw because it
was just such a blatant lie and you know
maybe they had good intentions but it
was such a blatant lie that I think
experts are forever damaged at least you
know for those of us who live through
this I've got a feeling that climate
change or school look different now I
tweeted a page from my book loser thing
in which I was talking about so before
the pandemic happened I was saying one
argument against spending all your money
on a climate change is it's not the only
big threat and I listed pandemics and
asteroids and cybers you know cyber
cyber attacks and sort of those sort of
things as the other the other risks now
look what this pandemic did to our
economies they're just imagined if this
had happened and say two years from now
and you had a president Bernie Sanders
just hypothetically if if socialism had
been in the process of you know
revamping our economy you know
transitioning to it let's say that the
AOC has got their way and one what kind
of shape would we be in now if we'd
spent that much money on green New Deal
could we still do as much as we are even
though we're basically broke already
could we do as much as we're doing
against the pandemic
so I don't know the answer the question
but everybody everybody who thought they
were smart
Nassim Taleb would say you have to spend
as much as it takes to fix climate
change because it's it's something that
could be you know Genki
katastrophe and i would say that only
makes sense if you only have one problem
you know one problem that could end you
then of course yeah you should overspend
to drive that down to zero
even if you thought it was a 1% chance
it would take out the planet you still
want to drive that to zero but if you
have multiple risks you just can't take
the same strategy because you don't have
infinite money to do everything so as
somebody on Twitter said and some of you
have said I think I think the way out
looks like this once we have enough test
kits and we're also giving the we have
enough of the hydroxychloroquine and
we're giving it to people
early those two things plus wearing
masks plus you know keeping grandma
socially isolated for a while probably
those things might be enough to get us
back to work because if it's true that
the people who are working age let's say
people under 65 if people under 65 get
the hydroxychloroquine early and almost
never need a ventilator then all of your
health care problems are largely solved
because it's really the the ventilator
stage where all the problems come and
that the rest of us could test like
crazy keep grandma locked up wear your
face masks for a few months until you
feel like you're over it and maybe you
can you can make it to the point where
we can get the you know the blood
antibodies in us and some people have a
natural immunity and then you get to the
vaccines so we do have a way out but the
way out depends on knowing when we'll
have enough test kits when we'll have
enough masks and when we'll have enough
hydroxychloroquine and the FDA is still
happy with it which i think is a given
so we're kind of close to at least
knowing what we need but as I mentioned
as I mentioned our government the task
force is not telling us how long any of
those things will
when will we have enough tests when will
we have enough drugs and maths and stuff
total there's no excuse for it anymore
there's just no excuse for them not
giving us that kind of visibility on
this just no excuse I could not be more
angry about that is China using the
second bodies using them for what mean
is China using the blood serum the thing
I believe that they did try it I think
other others are trying it too
Big Pharma doesn't want a twenty dollar
cuher it might be part of the problem
might be why hasn't the Trump
administration hired you as a consultant
well why would they hire me they get her
for free about pneumonia vaccines I was
wondering about that you know that's a
good that's a good question
does the pneumonia vaccine protect you
from coronavirus and Scaroni virus the
risk is that it gives you pneumonia
that's a good question
and why why if why is nobody asked that
question in public I have to see it on a
comment here I'd love to see the
Internet
China send spreaders you think yeah you
know I I don't know about the I don't
believe that China did this
intentionally but there's a difference
of opinion about whether you could tell
if a if a virus was engineered so I've
heard smart people say oh you could
certainly tell if it was engineered to
which I say well if the only thing you
engineered was combining parts from
existing viruses you really think you
could tell because it wouldn't it look
like a virus like every other virus they
all have the same kind of parts but
they're in a different order basically I
feel like you can engineer a virus that
nobody would know is engineered it
Lowe's you used parts from existing
virus
to give you what you wanted but I don't
think it happened I think is more likely
I do think it's more likely it came from
some kind of a lab but probably
accidental all right was Venezuela a
drug move a message to China I believe
so yeah let's talk about that so I
talked about a little last night
anything big this happening in the world
at the moment you almost have to always
ask yourself and what's that got to do
with China because it feels like you
know that's that's the backdrop to
everything so when the president
announced he was going to be more naval
entered interdicting mostly between you
know South America and Central America
so it wasn't really the Mexican cartels
that we're going after well I don't know
I'm not sure which cartels were involved
but they were going after the routes
between South America and Central
America that would go over water mostly
and I don't know what that means
did so here's my question are we so good
at recognizing a smuggling boat that we
can identify them and stop them I mean
it's a big ocean can we do that
can we tell every boat and what they're
up to and I just don't know if you can
interdict anything so that's my first
question is does it really even make any
difference if we send our entire Navy
there or we can even know who to stop
and search I know but maybe we do or at
least it makes some difference but
here's what I think I think it has more
to do with moving our naval assets into
the area if you know what I mean because
Maduro is still there and we've now put
a price on his head
which allows us I think he's been
determined to be some kind of a criminal
which allows us basically to kill him so
we just put a bounty on his head
essentially told the world that from our
perspective it's okay to kill him and
then we just moved all of our military
assets into his backyard but it's for
allegedly a different reasons
maybe maybe the only reason we're moving
our military assets there is to take
care of this little smuggling problem
because apparently that Venezuela is
using the drug money to replace money
they're losing on oil and other stuff so
it could be they're just starving the
Medora regime and that's exactly what
the president says yeah we're we're just
going to stop the drug trade so that
Maduro doesn't get this illegal drug
money could be just that or it could be
an excuse to move our assets into the
area without people thinking it's an
invasion just in case we need to do a
little invading now I don't know that we
would put boots on the ground I don't
know I'm not a military strategist but
if it all comes down to basically
killing one guy and you've just you just
socialized it with the world because
when the president put a price on his
head that was sort of saying to the
world hey you know just giving you a
warning is anybody gonna have anybody
will anybody have a problem cuz you know
we're gonna kill this guy
anybody because this would be the time
to complain I don't know if anybody
complained I didn't hear any but you
could imagine that China wasn't too
happy because China is probably working
with Maduro and they don't know if he's
replaced by somebody else let's say
somebody elected democratically would
they work with China because China's
wonder has that had been one of their
biggest trading partners with Venezuela
I don't know what that looks like at the
moment because Venezuela's falling apart
but I would think that the president's
larger strategic objective is to get
China and Venezuela to get China ahead
of our hemisphere I think maybe that
matters more than anything else in the
long run wouldn't you think you don't
want China to have that much influence
over anything in South America so this
could be you know this big move to maybe
stop some drugs but more likely blocked
China so that's what I think that's why
I think
it's a cartel okay
oil I don't know if anybody wants oil
anymore oil is so cheap maybe nobody
wants anymore one theory is that drugs
are how the flu got here or the virus
yeah maybe maybe but it seems more
likely people so one of the things we're
learning is that the amount of viral
load you get matters so that when people
are singing in the same room the odds of
them all getting it are pretty high so
don't do any singing and wear your face
mask as in through mason is an
antibiotic that is correct
so the azithromycin is useful if you
actually haven't if you have the corona
virus but if you don't have it you don't
want an antibiotic and you get shine out
of africa too well I've been feeling
that Africa is just going to blow up in
their faces you know so maybe China can
have Africa why does CBS News use
footage from an Italian hospital when
describing conditions in New York well I
don't think that you can bring cameras
in to an American emergency room because
of privacy so I'm sure it's just some
producer said we need a picture of an
operating room and they had one that's
probably all it was oil is up 35% news
of the day well let's see what this
stock market looks like stock market
looks well
smartly up smartly up at least in a lot
of categories more up than down not bad
alright so that's good news you know if
you have to make a bet on the stock
market price
let me give you a rule that will work
75% of the time there whatever the
whatever the market did yesterday it'll
do the other thing the next day so today
looks like it's gonna be a big up day if
it ends a day up you know three to five
percent which would it be a big day
the odds of tomorrow also being up much
smaller so there's like that I'd say
there's a 75% chance in our current
environment that the next day will be
whatever is the opposite of today so if
it were bad it's gonna be good if it's
good it's going to be bad now but but
it's not going to happen every time it's
at least 75% of the time and that's what
allows you to creep up over time that
your your ops don't number your downs
over time however do not make any bets
based on cartoonist speculating about
magical things so don't take any
investment advice for me
how is chloroquine supposed to work well
it keeps your body from going into that
trying too hard to kill the virus mode
it's your body that actually kills you
not the virus it's your body trying to
fight the virus that that makes your
lungs stop working do you think Biden is
sound of mine no not even close
I think that I don't think there are any
Democrats at this point at least you
know the professionals I don't think
that they think that Biden is capable
yeah the virus could come back year
after year but we would have some
immunity by then so it wouldn't be as
bad no price increase it's the Saudis
lower production all right I don't know
what the situation that there is
it's 35% down dear so somebody's saying
that oil is down or is it up I don't
it'll be it would be whatever is the
difference tomorrow so tomorrow it'll be
whatever is different than that
this Cuomo we're going to replace Biden
he says no and I don't know how he would
run for a president I think he's pretty
busy
yes I'm sticking with my 5,000 net
keyword net so when all of you come back
later to tell me I'm wrong you'll forget
the net part so let me say in advance
you stupid idiot you forgot the net park
so you're not criticizing me you're
criticizing your own hallucination I
like to I like to tell you what I'm
going to say the weeks of advance so the
5,000 net makes this assumption because
we're shut down
there are a whole bunch of lives that
are not being lost traffic accidents etc
and you have to net that out because the
decision to close the economy is the
decision about how to treat the virus so
it's all part of the same decision you
can't say this many people died in the
hospital and then ignore the fact that
twice as many people are alive who would
have been dead under other conditions so
at the moment we're still negative my
understanding is that the number of
people have been saved by not having a
normal economy it's still quite a bit
bigger than the total number who are
dead
now I do expect that to reverse so it's
not going to stay that way you know and
and the economy itself will cause some
problems with poverty too and that's
hard too hard to net that out of there
why am i way from Pristina somebody says
well here's the situation so she has her
own house and she took in a family
member you know it's emergency time so
people are doing what they have to do
and one of her family members works on
hospital so in Cristina's house you know
it's only young people and and one of
them has a critical job at hospital so I
can't be in a house where there's
somebody going to a hospital and coming
home so I'm in I'm in my big old house
alone with no human contact what about
the three candidates catching enviros
well it's possible you know I I said
that a question that should be asked of
the task force is are they already
taking hydroxychloroquine and I'm really
surprised that didn't get asked
yesterday because it's such such an
obvious question isn't it isn't it like
just a super obvious question mr.
president mr. vice president are you
taking hydroxychloroquine for preventive
you know reasons because what do you be
surprised if they're not I would be a
little worried if they're not right
because the task force people just don't
have the same flexibility that we do
there I mean even when they're standing
on the stage they're closer than six
feet away from each other so I feel like
that's just a given they should be on it
and they should tell us I think there
were owed that I think we rode that
information yeah somebody said what
about obesity so there's some indication
at least in Italy that something like or
maybe other countries do something like
80 to 90 percent of the people dying are
are obese or at least they're overweight
quite a bit so does that then tell me
that I don't have as much of a risk if
I'm a normal you know average weight I
don't know
feels like it but I also have a little
asthma now having a little asthma which
is well controlled does that put me at
the same risk as somebody who has COPD
because they they lump them together you
know if you have a lung disease it's
like a big
category but if you have COPD and you're
80 you're pretty close to death anyway
so I can see how the virus would finish
you off but if you're in good shape
normal weight everything's fine but you
got a little bit of asthma that's well
controlled am I am I in the death group
I'm gonna act like I am because I don't
want to take the chance but I kind of
doubt that my that my risk is just like
an 80 year old with COPD anyway see help
name the fortune 500 ETF well there ETFs
and there are spiders there's a
technical difference but they act the
same so the one I use is spy s py so if
you look for that in your online
brokerage s py it will pop up and it's a
basket of the top 500 stocks in the
United States I'm not recommending it I
only recommend diversification that that
basket of stocks does give you
diversification but I don't recommend it
you know find your own way to make it
work but diversifying is good why I tell
you the Chris Cuomo is just getting more
interesting all the time unfortunately
not
not for happy reasons but I don't know
if you saw he was talking about the his
fevers and hallucinations and I don't
know how many of you are doing this but
I spend part of every day going through
my memory of how sick I was in January
and trying to convince myself that I
already had it and that you know I'm not
bad because I my January was the sickest
I've been as an adult
maybe I mean you you witnessed some of
it I thought I just had I thought I had
nasal problems and fever and
you know night sweats and everything and
I thought it was the meds because I was
on meds for some sinus stuff and maybe
it wasn't because it because I felt well
sicker than I've ever felt in my life
but I thought it was just a bad reaction
to some meds but maybe I had it never
knew all right
asthma is part of the Copt Venn diagram
I know but I just don't know this COPD
and asthma are gonna respond the same to
this virus might who knows anyway that's
all for now and I will talk to you later
tonight you know what time 10:00 10:00
p.m. Eastern 7:00 p.m. Pacific and I'll
talk to you then