hey everybody come on in here we've got
an excellent coffee with Scott Adams
coming you may already see my special
guests appearing by iPad it's bill pull
day we're going to be talking about the
blight Authority some exciting updates
and they really are exciting if you like
to change the world and and who doesn't
really you know it goes well with
changing the world I'll tell you coffee
do you have your coffee bill do you have
your coffee
you really should something all right
all right it's time for you know what
it's time for it's time for the
simultaneous sip here it comes
join me that's good we're gonna have to
work on that synchronicity a little bit
so bill for those yes good to be with
you and for those who are not yet aware
of the blight authority could you give
us the the quick run run down and then
we're I'm gonna tell we're gonna tell
people about the exciting updates
absolutely so what we do is we go into
urban communities we partner with the
community first once we partner with
that community we bring in big equipment
big machines and we knock down abandoned
homes and we also clear the land to make
it very safe in many of these urban
communities we've been proven to reduce
crime we reduce rapes reduce drug
activity and really it's been quite a
success in the cities we've operated in
and thanks to you and many others but
really you Scott we have a new website
today blight Authority calm backslash
ideas which I know we're going to be
talking about so the punchline is we got
a great urban strategy that's worked on
fixing many urban communities and we'd
like to take that across the United
States so those of you who have been
following my writings
while and I think that's most of you you
know I always talk about systems being
better than goals a goal is a very
specific thing you want to do whereas a
system is something you would do on a
regular basis to try to kick up the best
opportunities and and work your way
toward a place of better odds of success
so when I heard about Bill's project
here the blight Authority and how they
were clearing out you know these big
contiguous pieces of land and these
urban areas and the land is would it be
free that fair to say that the land is
close to free at this point or is that
an overstatement if somebody wanted to
use it and had a good idea for it well
let's put it this way when a lot of
these urban communities go bankrupt for
example the creditors all argue about
whether the lands a liability or an
asset so it really Scott depends on you
know block by block basis but in many
cases that's it's below zero so it's a
loss that's a negative thing to own this
land
whereas in some cases it's up but I
think it's a fair fair assessment to say
that a lot of this land has less value
than people think it does and therefore
it can get it could get bought at the
right price but then you got to maintain
it and do a lot of other things to keep
it so we've got these these big swaths
of empty lots in urban areas and there
will be more of them I what what's the
what are the plans for doing more of
these in different cities for example
well we're about to announce two of our
next cities one or two of our next
cities we're going to see as you know
Scott I got a lot of big urban mayor's
calling me saying hey Polti can you come
to XYZ city and frankly it just requires
a lot of work and so the situation that
we find ourselves in Scott is you know
which city should we go to first what we
did in Detroit we did ten city blocks in
ten days boom we knocked out ten city
blocks then we did fourteen city blocks
in under 30 days so these can be done in
short periods of time but again if
you're talking about scaling this across
the United States you know there are
literally you know hundreds of thousands
of the paymon buildings in urban America
so we've got our work cut out for us
well and for those who are not familiar
with the word blight the
li ght light just refers to these
rundown crime-infested useless areas
that just need to be bulldoze so you can
start over with some some better idea
yes
and let's talk about the better idea so
what we noticed needed to you know the
the second part of the project is once
you've once you've got it down to dirt
what do you do with it you don't want to
leave it as dirt you know ideally you
want to help build back these urban
areas give them something that makes
sense for the people who already live
there and we're we decided to collect
some ideas so we we built a page that
has a forum at blight Authority calm you
can hit either go-to blight Authority
calm and hit the forum button or go
directly to it blight Authority slash
ideas slash and people already are
adding lots of ideas what you got a lot
of attention after being on Fox and
Friends yesterday morning did that make
the website a little more active
oh yeah the website shot through the
roof that was a huge segment with Fox
and Friends really a homerun segment we
had Reverend Simmons on who's a big
pastor out of Detroit african-american
gentleman really just a class act and
this gentleman and I we went into one of
the worst areas of Detroit worst in
terms of murder great in terms of people
but worse in terms of murder drug
activity etc and we have literally
cleared out 14 city blocks and actually
Scott within that perimeter that
Reverend Simmons and I were in we
actually found a young girls dead body
they hadn't found her yet and actually
one of our machines one of our
contractors actually encountered the
body physically in part of our activity
so Reverend Simmons was with me on Fox
News that was just awesome to showcase
that property the response has been you
know just overwhelming frankly with
people reaching out wanting to work with
us wanting to us to come to their
communities frankly we can't even keep
up with the emails and stuff so a
high-class problem they have but I think
it's indicative of kind of the viral
nature of this project
really how much people want to see our
urban communities look beautiful and
frankly be safe I mean a lot of these
kids are not safe in these areas Scott
and that's what we're doing is making
these kids safer yeah I've heard that
safety might be the number one thing you
have to get right because you can't do
anything else
you know you nobody's gonna put a
business in an unsafe neighborhood etc
so that that would be one of the many
elements of ideas that we're collecting
at the website and let me talk about
what that what the the process here is
there are very few things in the world
where everybody agrees especially if
there's any political element to it and
I think everybody would agree that the
urban areas are in trouble a lot of them
and that they need help and that if we
had a good idea I had to do it pretty
much everybody would like to do it and
I've heard and maybe bill you can tell
me just fact check this I've heard it
said just in somebody's writing that
money isn't the problem you think it
would be the problem is how to how to
deploy it so you can't you can't attract
money if you don't have a way to
intelligently employ it so there's kind
of a chicken and egg you know you need
money to do things but you need to know
what to do in order to attract money and
so partly for that and partly because we
just want to create energy around ideas
and and focusing on the problem the
website will be collecting every idea
from people who have a new product that
might be good for building low-cost
housing to people who have ideas about
how to organize the community maybe some
ideas about how you would handle
education perhaps something about health
care just specific to the local area
things about transportation security can
you think of some more categories bill
that I'm leaving out though I think
those are pretty much all of them I
think that what we've seen in the
initial 24 hours as people have been
pretty creative so if you think you've
got an idea just throw it out there for
us please yeah and I want to give you an
example I was just looking at
site to see some of the ideas that have
been suggested and this is not a
commercial for this product I don't know
about it but it just looks like a great
idea so there's these things called apex
building blocks that seem to be some
kind of a lightweight concrete base but
something makes them light I don't know
what but they fit together not not quite
like Legos but they're easy to assemble
and you can build an entire structure in
one day apparently now that's the type
of idea and again I'm not endorsing that
particular product I'm just saying we're
collecting all of those sorts of ideas
in one place and then the perfect world
people who have money and are looking
for a way to make the world better might
be able to discover some people who have
some products that do it perhaps some
people who would organize maybe some
people who want to run a small project
maybe some of these people say hey let's
get together and talk some more so the
idea is just to concentrate energy
through through a lens into this one
website where all the people anywhere
who have ideas can put them in one place
and some easy to find way and and we're
hoping that that leads to better ideas
better thinking maybe some human
connections that they weren't going to
happen otherwise so this is one of those
cases that this this is a sort of thing
that's showing you how the nature of the
world is changing and in terms of
there's some things government is good
at and there's some things that
government maybe can help but isn't
really the ideal solution and if you see
what's happening bill and I are not
members of the government but look what
we could do you know we could build this
WIPs website Bill's group nonprofit how
many people contribute you've got a
number of big donors and now some
smaller donors to fund the blight
Authority how many how many entity is
back that now and they're all
non-government right yeah well we've had
hundreds and frankly they're private
entities but one of the things that
we've seen is a lot of individuals going
to our website and donating even
yesterday after the Fox and Friends site
you know that was fascinating to see how
many people are starting to just say hey
look and we even write you know small
checks big checks etc so I think it very
much is a private movement you talked a
little bit about deploying the funds I
think what's important to note there is
specifically is somebody leadership
matters right and you know on this urban
issue in particular you know you need
really good leadership to talk to the
city to talk to the state to talk to the
county I mean you go start putting
bulldozers on people's property I mean
you better know what the heck you're
doing and in this situation what we're
doing is going and talking to all these
different partners that's where the hard
work comes in so we really appreciate a
lot of these these partners Scott and
it's going to be really exciting to see
where we go next I saw a question go by
the said is if nonprofit the answer is
yes but could you do want to expand on
that no we are at we are absolutely a
501 C 3 non-profit frankly us being a
non-profit allows us to basically bring
everybody together we want everybody to
work together I got a lot of questions
yesterday from people saying you know
why would you go on Fox and Friends and
then you know I get the question when I
go on Morning Joe why would you go on
Morning Joe I think that's actually an
indicative of many things frankly but I
think what it's also indicative of is
the fact that people really care about
our urban communities no matter what
political side you're on and so what
we've done a nice job of Scott is really
being a political and really being
focused on just getting the job done
and I think that's how we've been able
to work with like Reverend Simmons from
Detroit and all these different
stakeholders is bringing everybody
together on one page and I think that's
indicative even even with what you and I
are doing here with the website is we're
saying you know bring in these ideas and
we'll bring them to the community and I
actually think the communities will be
very open-minded to new ideas that's
been my experience they just in many
cases what helped
yeah just emphasizing what I said before
about saying it a little better this
time there are some things that
everybody agrees on we everybody would
like to see a solution to the problem
and given the choice of having the
government spend you know everybody's
tax dollars versus doing it privately
with people who have you know an inch
the money and the time and everything to
help everybody would prefer that if it
could be done privately that that would
be preferred because nobody wants their
taxes to go up right so we have one of
these unique situations where there's
nothing to disagree with we're in weird
territory of a hundred percent agreement
and because of the tools of the internet
the ability to communicate and connect
people and get them to focus on the same
things we can we can do something that
just would have been impossible you know
in an earlier day so we can leverage the
power of the internet anybody who has an
interest in making the country better in
making the urban areas better because
that's it there's a big leverage point
there right if you help the people who
are in the deepest hole that's the
biggest bang for the buck I think order
let me let me put this in other terms
here's the way I like to explain it if
if you had a choice between giving
somebody a 10% raise who already has the
job which will be great everybody wants
a 10% raise and that would be great but
compare that to moving somebody from
unemployed to employed that's a huge
difference I mean that's a much bigger
difference than the 10% rate it's just
in my arbitrary example like why is
moving somebody from I can't afford my
home to I can't afford my home there's
an enormous difference moving somebody
from I don't have the training to do a
job to I do have the training enormous
difference so you can get huge leverage
if you're focusing the right resources
in the right places and well the the
website will be at least one way to get
enough energy in one place that maybe
some good connections can be made do we
have any questions about this oh and by
the way you can donate privately to the
to the effort it's a non-profit you can
see that results are already happening
so this this is real and undergoing or
on the way I mean it's ongoing I should
say what happens to the land so that's
what we're talking about so the land is
cleared
has ambiguous ownership it's worth
roughly 0-0 ish dollars in his current
form but we're collecting ideas on the
website blade Authority dot-com hit the
the forum menu when you get there and
you can add ideas and you can see other
people's ideas that are and we welcome
commercial ideas so you can just put
your commercial there if that's
something that to do with this area and
it's useful go ahead and put your
commercial there and if you're just
individuals who have ideas put them
there and it could be anything from how
to build what to build it could be
something about commercial building it
could be something about community
organization let me give you a few more
examples just to prime the pump I saw
somebody who just put an idea on the
site talking about how normally you
build a community and and you decide
where the roads are you just do this
square grid you know roads going this
way roads going this way and then if you
were to map how people actually live you
would find out that they're always going
to the same places you know they go to
school and back they go to the freeway
and back and that the way the way you
design a community from the ground up is
probably completely wrong I would just
think about that just the basic
transportation of it is probably
completely wrong and could be done you
know amazingly better with a little
thought might take some experiment thing
that sort of thing
I'll give you give me some more examples
and maybe bill but once you explain
geothermal and how that's an example of
something that could be done better well
I think when you have these urban
communities in particular a lot of these
areas are being sucked of resources so
for example there's a lot of arsons for
example on these homes people are
literally going and lighting these homes
on fire so whether you know you look at
HVAC whether you look at geothermal
whether you look at Water Resources
Scott what's happening is these
resources are being sucked across
frankly dilapidated and you know homes
that are dangerous and there are
squatters in these homes
cetera so I think what you're talking
about or what some of the ideas from the
website are hey look let's look
holistically at these urban communities
and let's say okay what's the most
efficient way that we could have these
communities operate whether that be with
businesses whether that be you know with
parks I mean you know just something
that's different so again we're open any
all ideas you know I'm not getting one
exact thing here but that's the beauty
of I think where we're at right now is
you know what are some creative ideas
that we can do with these urban teens
because they're all across the United
States I mean there are literally
hundreds of big urban communities across
the United States got that haven't
figured out what's this you know step
two three and four what's next yeah just
so you can brainstorm a little bit more
the audience here imagine if you will a
community that's built with from the
ground up its imagined that there are
security cameras basically on every
corner so that every every exterior part
of the community has video surveillance
maybe every resident can look through
those cameras that may be too much but
imagine that the homes are built with
interior security as well now if you're
a criminal
where are you going to go you're not
going to go to that community so you can
almost instantly make a community
probably something like eighty percent
safer just by designing it with what
would be relatively low cost to add
cameras in the original design because
here may be an example there Scott so in
our one area one pilot area Detroit we
cleared over 700 Lots in this 14 city
block area and it was notorious in
Detroit for people literally dumping
trash on the property in fact we
collected over 200,000 pounds think
about that imagine they had 200,000
pounds of trash just being dumped on
this one neighborhood we collected over
300 car tires in this perimeter so you
imagine all of this kind of dumping that
goes on again it's a foreign concept for
people who don't live in these
neighborhoods but literally if people
from the suburbs who are doing remodel
jobs and other things dumping their
trash literally in a neighborhood so
when you talk about security
that's the whole idea of what we're
doing is you know making it so that way
as we say when we turn on the lights
the cockroaches scatter and some of
these ideas the one you just mentioned
there's a perfect example of how we're
trying to really help that community
stop some of the stuff from happening
day in and day out yeah and I mentioned
earlier geothermal I just wanted to
mention that you know if if you don't
know a geothermal heating and cooling is
it takes advantage of the fact that the
earth the interior at least underground
I don't know if you could have 10 feet
or whatever is always a constant 56
degrees so one way to lower your heating
and cooling costs is to run these these
pipes under the ground you circulate
them around and you take advantage of
the fact that let's say if it's zero
degrees outdoors it's only 50 it's 56
degrees under the ground so you can take
some of that heat up and it sort of
close to free Heat
same with cooling so that's the sort of
thing that if you were to build a one
house
it might be a little expensive to trench
it and put in those tubes but if you
would plan the community around that it
would be easier to do the trenching for
a number of homes lowers the cost and
suddenly the energy energy costs go way
down then you imagine maybe using Elon
Musk's solar panels that look like
shingles and suddenly you've got
something pretty close to zero energy
homes
so if imagine building a home that's
great to live in but super inexpensive
Matt imagine a home where I'll give you
another idea this is one of my favorite
ones because it's my idea all of my
ideas of my favorite ideas imagine if
some of the homes were built and maybe
even most of them so that they have one
extra room that could be used for a
business and it's got a separate
entrance so let's say you want it to be
a hairdresser at home or you want it to
be you could be anything from a parole
officer to you know you could do nails
you could sell real estate
you know you can imagine any number of
businesses where you have relatively low
foot traffic you know I'm not talking
about a retail store just people who
have once in a while a client coming in
and if you built that into the home with
a separate entrance and let's say a
separate bathroom it wouldn't cost that
much extra for the home maybe another
10% 15% depending on the size of the
home but it would be your job and if you
didn't want to use it for your job you
would have a room you could rent out and
then you've got rent to help you pay so
if you if you design these things from
scratch to be super wired for the
Internet where Wi-Fi works all through
the home instead of just in that one
room that doesn't have interference
you've got a separate entrance you
you're basically freeing people from
from the you know a lot of the problems
of even child care I mean you might be
able to put your child in the house on
the other side of the door and run your
business for the most part you know the
kid yells a little bit but people are
used to that so you so you can imagine a
whole bunch of ways you could at least
and here's here's the bigger point most
of these things could be tested in a
small pilot so you could take some of
these ideas and say let's put some of
these together and I'm going to fund it
and build three or four houses listen
let's see what happens
so there are lots of ways you could go
small and learn before you get bigger
and we're trying to collect all those
ideas at leg Authority comm and you get
the forum menu to add your own ideas or
see what other people have added bill
yes just because it's fun what was it
like being on Fox and Friends how early
did you have to get up I had to get up
at I think I got up at about 4 a.m. for
4:15 a.m. we had us hit time about 6:20
but they said it might change that
morning out so I said well I probably
got to get ready just in case
I went downstairs at the hotel and Fox
was kind enough to arrange for a car and
believe it or not there was no car there
my guest my
like my colleague Reverend Simmons had
actually picked in the car because we
had done so there I was last-minute
hailing a cab
totally got there on time and I'll tell
you they have a beautiful studio there
Scott I think you've been on Fox and
Friends right right blow yes yeah yeah
it's nice it was very good they were
very engaged I couldn't believe how much
just to give a little you know kind of
sneak peek behind the scenes I couldn't
believe how engaged Brian and Ainsley
were in the issue you know before we
were going on air I mean it was like the
producer said one minute you know and
then all of a sudden you hear thirty
seconds and here we are talking to
Ainsley and Brian and I don't even think
they really wanted to go on the air they
just wanted to talk about the issue
which was pretty exciting right
to me you know because I'm sure they see
these stories all the time so then here
thirty seconds in twenty seconds and ten
and we're still talking and then all of
a sudden
ten nine and then you hear five and then
we went on and many of the producers and
other people said afterwards you know
wow they could have kept going longer
and so you know that's that I think is
just indicative of all the energy that
we have here Scott on this urban issue
and it was really exciting to bring into
that venue yeah and I think the fact
that this is a private nonprofit and not
a not a government program makes
everybody a little bit more excited
because because it takes away the
politics of it and that you know that's
probably at least half of the problem in
some of these things is that yeah that's
a given experiment you know I mean it's
a human experience rather yeah this is
humans - humans trying to help each
other when I go on that Street and I'm
standing there with an african-american
lady who you know I've never met and she
probably think you know she probably
thinks we're ever just people then cuz
she told me she says I've been wondering
where people are for 20 30 years and
they're trying to get the government to
come out and help us she goes I don't
care who you are I don't care whether
you're white I don't care where you live
and I'm here where you came from you're
just here to help them you know you know
I've had many of those specific
conversations doing this and that's what
makes it so important yeah and people
also like action they like energy and
they like success you know and
so you've created all the energy the
action the you know the success record
the motion the the emotion now the
website to give us a little bit more
momentum bringing a little yes thank you
for your help you my hat off to you you
are a true genius when it comes to this
stuff and but nothing short of that on
this so thank you well you're way too
nice but in any case we've got a website
up and I'm hoping all of you who have
similar interest in making the world a
better place this is a really good way
to start you know if you're looking for
something that's real and could actually
make a difference in the people who need
it most
this would be an excellent place to
start and like I said nobody there's
nobody on the other side of this this is
one of the few things you'll ever do
where there's just nobody on the other
side saying it's a bad idea yeah that
just doesn't there's nothing like that
in this case so for if you want to be
all together in a unifying experience if
you're sick of the you know the
bickering and politics and the case the
two sides this is a one side one side
America situation and it's it's all for
a good cause so help out you can donate
small or small or large at blind
Authority calm and I think we've said
most of what we want to say wouldn't you
say buildings everything I agree I agree
great segment and will be they'll be
seen more of us do will be keep will be
keep going on this whole thing so look
out for a lot of updates in the coming
weeks and months
alright great I'm gonna end it here keep
this tight and say goodbye bill thank
you goodbye everyone
bye everyone