[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time Diane
for a coffee with Scott Adams I hope
you'll ignore this probably racist
symbol on my shirt I haven't checked the
news today but if triangles can be
racist I'm pretty sure checkmarks
they're next we're coming for you
checkmarks well if you'd like to enjoy
today's coffee with Scott Adams what do
you think you need to do it yeah that's
right
coffee or a beverage of your choice and
all you need is a cup of ugh door glass
attacker chelators Divac ante joker
flasks a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't put me in the end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous if
it happens now go hmm so some days the
news is funnier than other days and I
love it when I wake up to a day of
nothing but funny news it's all funny
today I'm pretty sure this somewhere in
the world there are tragedies and deaths
but the news no longer cares about that
stuff we're into the racist baby stuff
and and more fun all right so here are
some things that are not covered in the
news today
is anybody protesting what exactly is
going on with the coverage of the
protests did they stop and if they
stopped is that news or they just plan
them for the weekends because it's
easier to do them on weekends so I guess
there there are plans for violent and
tight people to show up at the Trump
in Tulsa how do you think that's gonna
go I've got a feeling Tulsa is going to
be pretty lit now one of the things
that's really tough for the anti-trump
errs is that every time you see footage
on television of democrats destroying
the world and then you're going to
juxtapose that to the president in front
of a packed stadium full of law-abiding
citizens I'm starting to wonder if Biden
even needs to rather anymore I really
will talk about the polls in a little
bit but how does how does anybody get
their sign elected if their team wants
to show nonstop violence as the
alternative to trump basically I mean
you could say they're happening at the
same time so it's not the alternative
but it's gonna feel like it it's gonna
feel like two teams one is setting your
one is setting your business on fire and
the other team is trying to make America
great again or whatever it's gonna be a
tough one and it makes me wonder if the
networks are going to have to not cover
it how are you done gonna cover this
because if they show it it's just gonna
be all bad you know visually it'll be
just devastating and I think that the
public's let's say the public's of
flexibility or understanding in terms of
protests and violence started out very
flexible because everybody was you know
shocked about George Floyd and if you
saw somebody acting out because of that
you would say to yourself well I wish
they wouldn't but I kind of get it you
know you sort of understood at least you
know even if you wouldn't have done it
you could say yeah you know thank you I
can see how that could happen but the
longer it goes the less credible the you
know the protesters are especially since
there were lots of suggestions that have
been floated
and everybody seems to be taking them
seriously so that should be good news
but it won't stop the protests in Tulsa
I would expect a good deal of violence
when they happens unfortunately so I put
up a little poll on Twitter just before
I got on but there was still hundreds of
responses and I asked this question
knowing that all digital trails are
discoverable and that you can lose your
job and your family for supporting Trump
would you tell a pollster if you plan to
vote for Trump now of course these are
highly unscientific polls but the only
the only thing you can really tell with
a Twitter poll is does there exist a lot
of people who have a certain opinion you
can't even really know if it's more or
less because it's that unscientific but
you could tell if there are a lot of
them I mean that would come across
pretty clearly by a by ratio of about
two to one
last I checked two people said they
would not talk to the pollster for
everyone that would two people said they
would either lie to the pollster or not
give them an answer for everyone that
would now you might say to yourself
Scott Scott Scott there's been polling
forever blah blah blah we have the same
problem you know in 2016
Trump was unpopular then oh no it's not
the same it's not even close to the same
as 2016 in 2016 did you think you would
lose your job for being a trump
supporter I mean I'm sure people did but
it probably wasn't the top thing you
were worrying about right at the moment
in 2020 it might be the top thing you're
worrying about there may be people all
over the country who were saying oh god
I hope somebody didn't see that tweet I
did two years ago I could get fired so
at the moment the fear is real what what
have I told you is the most motivating
persuasion bar none
nothing is more persuasive than this one
thing fear yeah fear fear is always the
most persuasive because it you have to
protect yourself first before you can do
anything you can't eat if you think
you're gonna get killed
right away so so given that a real fear
this is not hypothetical there is an
actual real fear that you can lose
everything your friends your job etc so
I don't think we've ever had a polling
situation that was this you know rife
with possible mischief I don't know if
it's mischief so much as an assault
self-preservation but here's the other
thing that changed four years ago were
you as aware as you are now of course
you were aware but there's a difference
between knowing something is true sort
of intellectually and having it just
forced to the front of your brain where
your brain can't see anything else
that's really different in both cases
you knew it was the case there's there's
no new information and I'll tell you
what I'm talking about in the moment but
there's a difference between just
knowing it's true and just having it you
know overwhelm your brain you'll act
differently in those two cases and what
we've watched for the last four years
especially with the Russia collusion
stuff is that absolutely no digital
trail is safe no database can't be
hacked no server can't be hacked and
we've seen a complete willingness of
people to share and Docs people so the
things that are really different you
always knew the government could find
out anything right you knew they could
track your phone you knew that on some
level they might be collecting all of
your digital data etc but it wasn't
front of mind but if you turn on the TV
and every single day there's a new story
of somebody's email text message you
know data guy
hacked every freaking day that knowledge
that used to be just something you knew
is now lighting up your whole brain like
your brain is on fire with the idea that
there's no privacy for digital
communication and it's true there is no
privacy the only product I've said this
before the only privacy that we'll have
in the future is being boring if you're
boring nobody wants to look at your
stuff anyway so being boring is
literally the only protection you'll
have that you can you know feel
confident about that as long as nobody
cares about you they will look at your
stuff
but even then of course they would I've
got a question for you has the Supreme
Court just turned into a popularity poll
and I'll ask you this question because
I'm not I don't really follow the
Supreme Court you know I just follow the
headlines when they're in it but can
somebody who can know something answer
this question when was the last time the
Supreme Court had a ruling that went
against popular opinion and let's say
let's say popular opinion had to be at
least sorry I'm having terrible allergy
problems one of and let's say for the
purposes of this that that popular
opinion had to be at least 55% in favor
of whatever position whatever the topic
is doesn't matter but when was the last
time the supreme court voted against the
public majority say buddy no because I
feel like I feel like you stopped
happening I'm not I'm not entirely sure
it matters honestly I actually don't but
I don't actually don't think it matters
so he says Roe versus Wade I doubt
that's true could be
Brown versus Board of Education yeah you
have to go back pretty far somebody say
is the travel ban I don't know about
that all right well there are some
questions there might be some that were
lesser issues that people were too
worked up about and then maybe in those
cases the court feels safe to go against
it but I feel like there's some kind of
weird self-preservation happening with a
Supreme Court well all of our
institutions have lost their credibility
I feel like the Supreme Court might be
trying to and again this is mind reading
so remember I always warn you you can't
know what people are thinking you just
can't you know they can tell you and
they may or may not be tell you the
truth but you can't know what strangers
are thinking it's just not a thing and
but we we can speculate you know there's
something that's that makes you scratch
your head and say you know what I got
some questions somebody says Obamacare
I've seen lots of examples go by but but
let me just put this proposition out
there the Supreme Court might need to
maintain is credibility even more
importantly than getting a decision
right what do you agree that's true yeah
you know if you're a Chief Justice or
any of the members of the Supreme Court
would your priorities be that the most
important thing is to maintain the
credibility of the court itself
independent of what the actual decision
is because I feel like that is the
priority meaning that if I heard that
was their priority I would say oh yeah
you know when you think about it it
probably does need to be the priority
because the way that the court can
maintain its credibility is of course
going with the majority that's probably
better than going with the minority
right if if the core is sided with the
minority of the public I don't know it
can last right it's got it it's got to
be with the public at least often enough
on the big
stuff that the public says oh I don't
like all of your decisions but usually
you're with the public so now that's not
how the public should think right the
public should not judge the credibility
of the court by whether it agrees with
what they would have done that's the
worst way to judge them what do we do
because we're not very sophisticated
overall and so we look at the court and
we say well it disagreed with me three
and four times I guess they're not
credible that's exactly what you think
you would think that they had no value
at all if they did their job perfectly
followed the Constitution followed the
law and just just interpreted that law
if it didn't agree with your opinion
you'd say they weren't credible so I've
got a feeling that the court is always
balancing these two competing and very
very important issues because if the
Supreme Court lost its credibility below
let's say some there's probably some
hypothetical support level beyond which
the institutions in trouble
I think they've kind of stay above the
line and every now and then they might
have to you know nudge a decision toward
keeping their own credibility if it's at
all close now I'm not suggesting that
they do that consciously but I would if
I were on the Supreme Court I would say
quite reasonably I don't think there's
anything unreasonable about this I would
say you know the worst thing that could
happen is to lose the trust of the
public in the Supreme Court because the
Supreme Court they end up being the
tiebreaker for a lot of stuff if you
lose your if you lose all your
credibility you know there's always
criticism but if you lose all of your
credibility and you're the tiebreaker
that's pretty dangerous it's dangerous
because what do you do I mean if you
don't have that ultimate credible
tiebreaker so if I were on the Supreme
Court I would sometimes do things just
to remain credible even if it wasn't
exactly where I think
law is pointing because it is a greater
good I think there's a case to be made
for that alright I provocatively tweeted
the other day that in this election the
upcoming election your votes won't
matter
now here's what I mean by that these are
some things we can predict with complete
certainty we can we know with complete
certainty that there will be allegations
of a vote Reagan both the left of the
right do you agree so far so far we all
on the same page there's a hundred
percent chance that both the left and
the right no matter what the hell--
companists of the election independent
of the outcome both the left or the
right will have examples or at least
allegations of election tampering
election you know suppressing the votes
of black voters for example now whether
or not these are good examples whether
or not they really happen whether or not
they're true or not doesn't matter they
will be believed do you are you with me
so far that when the Republicans have
whatever allegations you know they're
gonna have that Republicans will think
well that's probably true and it might
be true because it'll be based on two
anecdotes and specific stories could
well be true you know the left will have
their anecdotes and stories and they'll
be able to point to things and you know
the left will completely believe it just
like the right completely believes their
site and pretty much everything so we're
gonna have this situation where there's
a guaranteed question about the result
probably we've had this sort of complain
to every election from the beginning of
time probably there's never an election
or national election in which there
isn't at least somebody saying it was
rigged or at least somebody is pointing
in a problem pretty much universal and
we always get by it right it seems like
it doesn't stop the system it's a little
bit of complaining but
we'll live with the result anyway
because there because overall the system
is credible you know Americans do pretty
much trust the voting system even though
it's got all these irregularities that's
what it used to be I don't think that's
the case anymore here's what changed the
ability of the the press the media the
manipulators behind the currents the
ability to ramp up people's emotions is
at a super weaponized level even way
beyond where it was in 2016 I would say
that we've we've advanced a lot really a
lot in our ability to set people's
brains on fire and make them mad or
excited or afraid or anxious or greedy
or something and so what we're gonna go
into is a situation where there's a
hundred percent chance that the left
will feel let's say that they lose they
lose let's say Trump gets elected
hypothetically what will the left to say
they'll say the vote was rigged
of course because the polls will say it
couldn't have happened you see where
this is going
the polls will say it's not possible so
if Trump wins and there's widespread
allegations there always will be of
election tampering what will the left do
they'll stage a coup now this is again a
safe prediction why because they are a
stage to kill several in fact it's
nonstop to stuff you know the
impeachment was a coup the you know the
Russia collusion stuff was a coup
attempt the 25th amendment stuff is a
coup all of these anonymous alleged
 books about what really
happened in the room with Trump they're
all coup attempts they're all coup
attempts they're just in many cases
completely legal just because I call it
a coup don't assume it's illegal they're
just using
every lever every button every mechanism
just they're throwing the kitchen sink
at it to take event of office without
the benefit of a vote now
I'm going to use the word coup to mean
removing a president in any mechanism
other than just a normal vote so will
there be a coup if or at least a coup
attempt if Trump wins the election and I
would say the answer is a hundred
percent there's really no chance it
wouldn't happen
what does anybody even disagree with
that I don't see any I can't imagine
anybody would disagree with that
statement now we don't know what it
would look like it could be another
massive fake news story I could be like
Russia collusion where the British
government runs an operation against the
United States and we blame it on Russia
I didn't say that just ignore that last
sentence didn't happen go on with your
business
nothing to see here so it could be
something like that could be completely
different but one thing that it might be
is violent in other words the the
protesters are doing this giant test run
to see if you can flood the streets with
people and make a difference and
apparently it does it works the you know
they're willing to burn down the whole
country so Trump will be in an
interesting situation which is if he has
to use force to to stop a coup which
won't look like a coup and just look
like demonstrators calling him a racist
that will be interesting so I but I
think that's where we're heading so in
all likelihood so my my current
estimates are a hundred percent chance
that Trump will be re-elected
unless something big changes between now
and Election Day will something big
change between now and Election Day of
course I will
are you kidding me something big will
change next week
and the week after or the week after so
these kinds of predictions are kind of
useless because they're straight line
predictions in a world that we can't
know a straight line
the world doesn't even know how to go in
a straight line and then I predicted
that if Trump is elected there's a 50%
chance that the coup will succeed I
think there was a 50% chance that the
rush occlusion thing or the Ukrainian
thing or some other thing could have
succeeded I think there was a good 50%
chance it just didn't go their way all
right one of the funniest stories is so
carpe Noctem did a meme video showing
some footage of a toddler I think they
might have been three years old I can't
tell the ages of little kids and but
they're sort of barely can walk kind of
toddlers yeah one was white one was
black and they were they're our best
friends and they were hugging on the
sidewalk and then they happily go
running down the street now what carpe
Noctem did which was brilliant yes he
showed that showed that in reverse order
with the clips without the part where
the kids are obviously best friends
hugging each other and loving each other
instead shows them running down the
street but because the little black
toddler had started first it could be
interpreted as if the little white
toddler is chasing the black look see if
he didn't see them hugging just before
that now the funny part is that so carpe
diem adds a fake Tyrod you know the
words at the bottom of the screen to
make it look like it's a CNN report and
that the chyron says you know white
white baby white racist baby he chases
black baby or something like that and
here's the funny part I've told you this
before the perfect prank is one that
only the the victim of the prank can
tell it's a prank that's what makes a
joke really good all right it's one
thing just to mock people and here's a
funny picture or you know that's sort of
one dimension
but if you can come up with the perfect
prank only the subject of the prank
can't tell it's a prank and the reason
is they can't tell parody from reality
and if you could find somebody who
literally can't tell the difference
between reality and parody then you do a
prank that's a parody and they just
can't tell but everybody else can tell
because they're not they're not
hypnotized in the same way so when I
watched it I honestly I couldn't even
imagine how anybody would think this was
true it's so obviously not true that I
just registers that joke and I laughed
at it I would guarantee that close to a
hundred percent of Trump supporters and
Fox News Watchers would look at that
video and immediately immediately go
haha it's a joke probably a hundred
percent but the New York Times and CNN
and all the fact checkers had to
fact-check it for their audience I'll
betcha there was not one conservative
publication that fact checked it because
they didn't have to correct a fact check
this this statement so here's my
statement there probably was no
conservative publication that even they
didn't even occur to them to fact check
it why would they because they don't
think anybody wouldn't be confused by it
of course they cover the story of the
others fact check yet but I think the
Washington Post C and then the New York
Times I don't know how many people on
the left fact check this thing but just
stop and pause for a moment that there
were enough people on the Left who
thought it would be believable wait wait
for this who thought it would be
perfectly believable the CNN would run a
story a video of two toddlers chasing
each other one chasing the other and
called the one toddler or racist baby
now
their audience apparently thinks that's
possible which is frickin hilarious so
of course it got cold because you know I
got labeled by Twitter for being
misleading perfect it got the fact
checked everywhere
perfect
it got tweeted by the president perfect
it became a national story perfect and
it was short and you know sometimes
memes can go out a little bit too long
that's my only complaint about the
political memes I like of a short this
was just the right length perfect visual
and part of the reason I think they were
complaining so much about it is that it
was really powerful visually when you
when you watch the the two kids hugging
you can just feel their joy these are
two little kids who are really genuinely
happy to see each other I mean they
really like each other and it
immediately reminds you that that's how
you started right like you immediately
go to your baby self and say oh yeah
there probably was a time not that you
remember it right but there probably was
a time that I couldn't even tell the
difference between black people and
white people like I didn't even know it
was important it just it wasn't a
variable everybody looks different
somehow
why was I going to pick out that one
difference it didn't occur to me that
was my friend Bob so so it's really
powerful in the way it works on your
mind so this isn't just a funny meme
it's hilarious as well crafted it's race
size got the president's attention got
national news got a controversy about it
got removed from a lot of places man you
can't you can't hit a longer long ball
than that so this one I will elevate to
masterpiece status if if they were
giving awards for memes this would be
your Academy Award for
20:20 so congratulations to carpet
Duncan by the way if you're not watching
karpay Duncan's career how it sort of
evolved from the first election it's
really fun to watch because he as well
as many others are just putting together
their talents tax and just watching it
come together it's just it's just fun to
watch it's a great show
speaking of art and speaking of
masterpieces this next this next thing
I'm going to tell you is maybe the
hardest thing I've ever tried to
communicate I spent I spent probably 30
minutes last night trying to compose a
tweet on this topic and in the end I
sort of gave up because there are some
things that buy their weird nature can't
be explained by some people in other
words it's something you could explain
easily but I can't here's the situation
you've probably seen on Twitter Acura
the Don his username is a at Aki RA th e
do it and he makes music one of the
things he's made and there was a little
clip that he's released is he's taken my
the audio from my periscopes and he's
taken selected clips from audios
especially of the periscopes that are
not political so that there's nothing
political in the music but when I talk
about the user interface for reality for
example and he put it to music now
here's why I couldn't compose the tweet
because I need more time to talk about
it like I'm going to do now if I just
told you that somebody whose music you
were not familiar with necessarily had
put my audio from my periscope to music
what would be your first impression of
how good that would be not very good
right wouldn't that be yours at your
assumption your first assumption would
be
I don't know if I want to listen to that
I mean maybe for curiosity but it's not
gonna be like you know art or music
right I mean it doesn't make any sense
you're gonna be surprised all right now
here's the part that I couldn't tell
when I listened to it it actually just
blew me away but I couldn't tell if it's
because I was listening to my own voice
because think how powerful that would be
to hear yourself talking to yourself in
a way you weren't expecting so you don't
know what's gonna come you know it's
because the order of it and the
presentation was new to me as well even
though it was my words it was somewhat
new to me because the way it was
composed so I wasn't sure if if what was
happening is I was just having a
personal experience that would not be in
any way generalized to other people so I
tweeted it out saying as little about it
as possible because I couldn't describe
it and I wanted to see what the comments
were it turns out people really like it
people really liked it and I was trying
to figure out why and I'll take my best
crack in it
you know you've seen you've seen the
popularity of mashups where you'll have
let's say a rapper be doing you know
some kind of rap a part of the song and
then maybe Rihanna or somebody would
come in and do more musically I don't
know I don't have the musical terms but
you know I'm talking about so you'd have
somebody you have a completely different
style a rapper style mix it was somebody
who was more classically you know a
singer and so how it's better I don't
know why like I've thought about it for
a long time it's like why is this better
when you put two completely thing
different things together it doesn't
quite make sense but it is I mean I
listen to like okay that's better I
don't know why I think it has something
to do with in that case you're waiting
for the part you're waiting for or there
might be some anticipation about it I
don't know maybe there's some context or
contrast that makes them makes it a
thing but what I listen to this here's
best guess about why I had an effect on
me as you don't I'm a trained hypnotist
and a very experienced communicator so
when you hear my words they tend to
carry more weight than an untrained
communicator so if you said to yourself
it's just somebody talking and they put
it to music
it wouldn't be this because even when I
hear myself sometimes I play back my
periscopes just see if I can learn
anything you know to improve them and
when I'm playing back my own periscopes
you know I I I see the density in them
that I didn't know I had when I started
so what I was doing it I wasn't aware of
it but I wanted to watch it I can watch
it like a spectator and I'll think wow
that's pretty dense but also I realized
that I'm using massively and I don't
even do it consciously the techniques of
hypnosis so while that well I don't
think that was his intention to make a
hypnosis slash musical product because
everything I do is sort of infused with
persuasion that the little clips of my
voice you know forget about them
musically they just activate a different
part of your brain and so what you're
feeling is that the text is activating
one part of your brain well the music is
activating another and there's two parts
of your brain that you just don't
activate at the same time and that's why
it has a weird effect on you because you
haven't had those two parts of your
brain simultaneously activated it's not
the same it's just hearing somebody talk
because again I've infused it with
without trying I infuse it with a lot
more weight than normal words and it's
just because of training and technique
anybody you know Tony Robbins would do
the same thing without trying so I
recommend it at the same time I just
don't know how to describe it because
it's it's just now like anything else
scout speaks perfectly
that's a callback to I told you the
story when I'd lost my voice for three
and a half years and I literally
couldn't communicate at least you know I
could make noise but I couldn't make
full sentences and stuff and my
affirmation at the time was that I would
speak perfectly now I don't speak
perfectly because perfect is a standard
you can't really achieve but nonetheless
it is true that my voice is on a a work
of art that's music now I can't tell if
he enhanced my voice or he just added it
down anything that was weak sounding but
it does sound better than my normal
voice I don't know how he did that so
there might be some digital magic about
that now you might have Auto tuned it
possibly if you listened to it is there
somebody smart enough to know that my
voice was auto-tune or even a little bit
I can't tell but there does seem to be a
little more character in my voice than
what I would normally hear if I just
played it back it could be in my
imagination so I don't know yes so it's
on Spotify so you can look for it the
single is the single is called it feels
like it works so look for a cure of the
dawn Aki RA the d om and this should pop
up with your google searches and there's
a whole album coming then I haven't
heard yet but impressive right Amy
Klobuchar said she was dropping out in
the running to be the vice presidential
pick because she thinks that Biden
should pick a woman of color so throwing
Elizabeth Warren under the bus at the
same time now because you are a seasoned
political observer what do you make of
the story that Amy Klobuchar withdrew
withdrew from consideration to be the
vice presidential pick what does it mean
that she withdrew
and in withdrawing said that she sports
a woman of color
let me read between the lines the choice
is already made do you think amy
klobuchar gives up I don't think so no
maybe maybe but there's nothing about
her vibe or anything that I've seen
about her I have actually a very
positive a very positive overall opinion
of Amy Klobuchar and they have since the
beginning although on day one I didn't
think she had the charisma so I thought
she's she's wanting in Purisima but
that's a you know I'm not sure you can
fix charisma but in terms of being a
serious capable you know highest level
politician I always thought she was very
good and she was certainly smart enough
to know that if the selection had
already been made the smartest thing she
could do is act as though the selection
had not already been made and then drop
out by recommending a person of color
Biden presumably has already picked
comel Harris and everybody knows it then
when he does pick her people who could
say oh that's exactly what Amy Klobuchar
advised him to do
she wins so in other words she already
knows she lost the race to be vice
president it's obvious to me she already
knows that's over the best thing she
could salvage from this is to predict or
advise or suggest the thing that's
already happened because you're not
going to be wrong if you suggest
something that's already happened and
I'm sure that cuddly Harris has been
selected at this point now anything
could change
she could be deselected I don't think
that would be the first time a vice
presidential pick you know got altered
at the last minute but at the moment it
looks like looks like she's the pick and
here's something the Harris did today
which reminded me of Trump I've told you
before that I think her advisers are now
the world class type
when she was running just as a candidate
in the primaries she was a hot mess in
terms of her messaging or body language
or her unconfident laughs it was just a
mess
and all of that just suddenly changed
and even her strategy I thought was weak
but even her strategy is better so I
always tell you that Trump picks up free
money I use that as an analogy free
money meaning that Trump will do the
thing that is all upside no downside and
for some reason nobody else thought to
do it it was just right there it was
just obvious it's just right here
pick up the free money anybody anybody
so that's why Harris did she's planning
to introduce a bill that declares
Juneteenth a national holiday now your
first question should be why her well
did nobody else think of that if if
President Trump had suggested this first
to make June teeth the national holiday
I don't know if there's any resistance
from Republicans I haven't heard of any
I don't know if there would be but I
would consider this under the condition
the Republicans would generally support
this and I don't know if that's the case
yet I haven't seen any opinions but I
would say that in this case if that's
true and if let's say Harris introduces
it let's say it gets passed especially
because the you know the the mood of the
country maybe it just sails through I
would say that would be an error on the
president's part it would be an error
because he didn't do it I mean if this
thing is gonna get past the president
should have done that was just free
money but if it doesn't get past that I
would know why he didn't do it right so
so we'll wait to see if it gets passed
but the fact that she saw the free money
and picked it up tells me that maybe
Democrats sort of got out of the way and
said all right we're gonna you know we
want to help the future ticket so the
rest of us will just back up let Harris
go forward get the attention free Bunny
so whoever is advising the Harris you
are nail Ian's my friends you are
nailing it you know how much I've mocked
her for her laugh her subconscious laugh
or self-conscious laugh there's a video
in which forget who was interviewing her
and the question they asked is how could
she be potentially Wow how could she
support Biden or even be in
consideration as a VP choice when she
was so savaged to him at the debates now
that that's gonna be the big question
right you know everybody's gonna ask ,
lares about her prosecution background
and they're gonna ask her about throwing
Biden under the bus as being a you know
racist obviously he's not and that'll be
the question so you know she prepared
for the question and you know I believe
she has now the highest level advisors
who would have given her the right
answer and so the question is asked and
she just starts laughing because it's so
ridiculous and but she's laughing at her
own answer and she goes it was a debate
and then she laughs and then she says a
debate and laughs the more she goes it
was scheduled debate we were debating
because that's what you do when you
debate and then she laughed again but
here's what's different the laughs
didn't look like the old laughs if she
fixed her laugh which I wasn't even sure
could be done I thought it maybe could
be done but I think she fixed it because
this was not a self-conscious laugh it
was a confident laugh she was so
confident rightly so because her answer
was a homerun the correct answer is it
was a debate follow-up and it was a
debate wouldn't want me to add some
detail to the answer it was a debate can
you go deeper yes it was a
debate and laugh every time you can't
beat that you could not beat that for a
perfect way to handle that situation
laugh and call it a debate never go
deeper period end of story
I should not say period end of story I
mock that it's too easy it's in your
brain and then it just comes out and
then when it comes out you go a half I
wish I had done that so watching her go
from a self-conscious nervous-looking
laugh to a laugh that is so confident
she won't even stop doing it in public
like she just laughed and called it's a
debate you're silly
it's a debate look let me remind you
because I know this is gonna happen when
I say good things about any female
politician somebody in the comments will
always say it doesn't matter who it is
oh you have a crush on her you'll love
her all you have such a you know you
want to you want to be with her so I'm
gonna block anybody who does that it's
just it doesn't add anything all right
brian Stelter you all know him CNN and
one of the funniest tweets accidently he
said doctor foul a diagnosing an
American problem quote this is from foul
chief there's a combination of an anti
science bias that people are for reasons
that sometimes are you know
inconceivable and not understandable
they just don't believe science and they
they don't believe Authority well is
there anything that could have happened
in the last I don't know last twelve
months or so anything that would make
the public less trusting of experts and
authority and science I'm racking my
brain now anybody can anybody think of
anything an example of some time that
the
the experts were not exactly right I'm
coming up blank I got nothing now recall
my earlier story about car P dumped UM's
meme the reason it worked is as CNN
literally can't tell the difference
between parody and reality because they
deal with so much fake news that fake
news is sort of the the hybrid of of
parody and reality like it looks so
similar so brian Stelter tweeted this
maybe like it wasn't a joke you know
like the rest of the country wouldn't
laugh at this out loud you can't read
this you can't read this and not laugh
at it
but I don't think brian Stelter knew the
half of the country would laugh out loud
because his network has been feeding us
a non-stop diet of fake news from
experts everyone of the experts who lied
to us or got things wrong was featured
on CNN every one of them every one of
them often so I mean this is parody in
reality merging again alright here's the
funniest comment in a tweet that I've
seen in a while and I have to warn you
that I have a very low brow sense of
humor so this was some lowbrow humor
that's actually kind of clever that made
me laugh so I I'm doing this cartoon
most of you seen it called robots read
news and I thought most of them behind a
subscription wall on the locals platform
so if you want to see all of them
especially the edgier ones that I don't
put on Twitter you can see them by being
a subscriber locals LOC ALS and you can
see the link in my profile on Twitter
anyway the the comic I did a comic
mocking the claims in the John Bolton
book and the
the essence of the comic was that the
robot was reading the news and he
reported that the book says that
President Trump was taking a on the
resolute desk while asking questions
about nuking the moon now it's funny
because the Bolden book is so ridiculous
and is so filled with obvious lies at
least obvious to me that there's nothing
that you couldn't expect would be in it
I mean so so yeah so I said that it was
 on the resolute desk we'll ask
you about nuking the moon and here's the
comment I got from unstoppable Chuck
testa was a trump supporter he says
that's it I baked desk into the
cake what I voted for the guy I've been
laughing for two days of that I baked
cake no I baked desk into the
cake when I voted for the guy that's so
perfect because again the reason it's
funny is because if you are CNN if you
were CNN and you read this comment
you wouldn't know he was joking you
actually wouldn't know he was joking if
you were brian Stelter you'd look at
this and say like I think they would
vote for him if he on the resolute
desk well so we also in the news here's
a tweet by President Trump let's see if
you can see the foreshadowing of this
tweet now I think the president does
this a lot
he sort of he broadcasts or he he
suggests where things are going
before the decisions are made you know
sort of testing them in advance and
here's I think this is a test balloon so
Trump tweeted it was not ambassador
light houser's light eyes errs it was
not ambassador light Heiser's
fault yesterday in committee in that
perhaps I didn't make myself clear that
the u.s. certainly does maintain a
policy option under various conditions
of a complete decoupling from China
thank you the president just tweeted
that we're keeping open the option under
various conditions of a complete
decoupling from China do you see that
news on any of the any of the front
pages
it's the biggest news of the last 50
years here's what I think I think the
president is has been so rightly
embarrassed by China's you know
unwillingness to be a good negotiating
partner and I think the president gave
them every opportunity to be friends
which is exactly the right way to do it
all right I don't think the president
should have gone hard at China should
never have used the word decoupling
never the president never should have
used the word decoupling in a in the
sense of maybe it's an option two years
ago if he had sent it two years ago I
would have been whoa that's crazy you're
negotiating with him we don't know if
it's gonna work out yet maybe it'll work
out
you know maybe you can get something
done it'll be hard but maybe it can be
done so you certainly wouldn't say
decoupling two years ago you go in with
friend friend friend you're my friend
President Xi I respect you and then you
see what you can do now what was what
was the net effect of the president's
completely smart strategic original
approach which is if you can get it to
if you can get something done as friends
well that's always gonna be the first
choice right first choice always didn't
work not only did it not work but China
doesn't even look like it was serious
about any of it it looks like he was
they were just playing
now he has more options because now that
he's he's completely drained any any
options of them being good players and
responsible and you know good world
citizens no that's all gone now so now
he can just put it on the table give us
what we want or go die which is
what this tweet sent you have to read
between the lines but let me read it to
you and then I'll read between the lines
so he's saying that the u.s. certainly
does maintain a policy option under
various conditions of a complete
decoupling for China under various
conditions do you know what the various
condition is give us what we need or go
 die we're decoupling that's it
it's no longer a negotiation people now
it's an ultimatum he's putting it in the
form of you know diplomatic talk well if
you do this we'll do this but it's now
an ultimatum he just put decoupling on
the table and China if you're listening
China I think you are listening now one
of the questions you might be having
China because I'm pretty sure they have
people who monitor you know most of the
political talk in the United States I
don't know if they watch maybe in
particular but let's say they do China
you're probably wondering is that a
bluff would the president actually D
Koppel from China I mean I know it's
something that people say on Twitter but
the president just used that word is he
bluffing well let me say it to you as
clearly as I possibly can in China nope
nope 0% chance he's bluffing zero
there's no chance if you think he's
bluffing about decoupling you're wrong
you're wrong this is real now of
course it depends like you says on
various conditions because so China can
always you know offer concession
and and and take decoupling off the
table they have an option but it's
pretty clear that they don't have any
intention of doing that would you say
it's pretty clear that they're just
gonna push and take advantage anywhere
they can and you can't really do
business with somebody who has that
strategic you know attitude you can't do
business with somebody who only wants to
screw you and it's looking for every
opening to do it that's just not
somebody you can do business with so you
have to decouple if you're if you're
dealing with something like that so yeah
the president doesn't tweet this unless
he means it that is absolutely serious
China that when you don't give us what
we want and you won't you won't you know
you won't he's gonna decouple and it
will be the greatest thing that ever
happened to this country because China
has been dragging us down for a long
time
took 40% of our manufacturing while
we're getting it back we're gonna take
it back
China you've got problems there your
problems now let's see the john bolton
bombshell is that according to john
bolton who is a mind reader i don't know
if he knew this but the but john bolton
among his many qualities can read the
inner thoughts of the president i can't
do it maybe you can't but john bolton
can and he wrote a whole book about his
mind reading of the president's inner
intentions and here's what he found the
there's a he made a bombshell claim his
book that president Trump he wanted to
do good things for the country but only
for his own selfish purposes yeah yeah
the president was trying to get a good
trade deal with China just to get
elected I don't know you know this is
almost as bad as that like a store
selling you a product and they say it's
good for you they say you'll like the
product and it will have advantages and
solve your problems that's what they say
when they sell you things
but I have a suspicion the stores sell
things for selfish purposes it's really
not about the customer I hate to tell
you that because you're people you buy
things from probably they say hey this
will be good for you I think you'll be
happy if you buy this if you have this
car you're gonna enjoy it I'm starting
to think that's not why they do it I
feel like people don't sell things for
your benefit it's almost like there's
some kind of selfish thing they're
trying to do do they make money somehow
by selling you stuff instead of just
doing it for your benefit I confused by
capitalism and in politics too because
according to John Bolton there are
people that we've elected completely
unknowingly you know we thought we were
electing good people but I am shocked
there are people in the government who
do things in public that are good for
the public but not for us it's not for
us it's for themselves bastards
well the MBA has a new plan for getting
back to games to interesting features of
this one of course is that they won't
have an a crowd and it looks like
they're they're looking to pipe in
artificial crowd noise maybe from a
video game or something so this is a
real plan they've got artificial crowd
noise and it looks like they're just
gonna you know sample it over top of the
game now I am not in favor of that I
would recommend and I think think you
probably do it quickly
a an app or some kind of a bottle where
the people working at home can actually
cheer at home and then if you're
watching the game on TV and you go yay
that you're yay goes into your phone or
whatever device you're using it gets
summed up with all the other people who
are you know chanting
and then nobody hears your specific
voice it just gets summed up as crowd
noise and presented in real-time would
there be a delay there might be a lag
that could be a problem
because you do need instance instead of
noise I think you could do without the
delay probably yeah or at least without
much so I would like to see real crowd
noise as from your living rooms summed
up tin - crowd noise and that would
actually be cool but if you were to game
and you knew that there was a guy with a
button and he was just pushing the the
cheering button every time there was a
basket how quickly will that bother you
now it might not bother you because you
watch if you've watched sitcoms forever
they have the laugh track and you this
seems to work now a Seinfeld famously
did not have a laugh track did you know
that the Seinfeld famously did not have
a laugh track nor do movie is back when
funny movies were being made I don't
know when the last funny movie was made
but back when movies were funny of
course a movie doesn't have a laugh
track so you don't need one but it's
definitely true that it's been tested
and for some segments of the population
for some kinds of content it does seem
to help you know the scripted half-hour
comedies on TV but those are died again
so and I think the laugh track might be
part of why they were less popular talk
about free money here's one - that Trump
did he was asked about Colin Kaepernick
injury and if he should get his job back
now you all remember the story he called
the the people who were kneeling and
disrespecting the flag in Trump's
opinion he thought they were all
bastards was that no sons of
they're all sons of which of
course was interpreted as racist which
it wasn't because I'm pretty sure sons
of come in every flavor but
Trump said the things Kaepernick should
get a job if you know if he's still good
enough so you know he didn't have an
opinion on his skills but he said yeah I
think a team should hire him
that was exactly the right answer
because President Trump is what kind of
president what kind of president is
president Trump jobs is the jobs
president if you ask the jobs president
hey should this black guy I'm just to
say black guy because that's the context
of the story
should this black guy get a job what
should the jobs of president say there's
only one right answer yep if he's
qualified yep
Anand bigger asleep now that has nothing
to do with his disagreement with
kneeling but to separate the question of
should Kaepernick get a job you're the
jobs president if he had said
that Kaepernick should not get a job
because he disagrees with the the
kneeling I don't know if I could have
supported this president because you
know what I want I want people to have
jobs Kapernick or not I've been Pro
Kaepernick since the beginning much to
your displeasure I will reiterate that
just because I'm talking about it being
Pro Kaepernick means not necessarily
agreeing with all of his political
points or even the way he did it I'm
just saying that he was effective he
seems to be the real deal cuz you don't
see him I know he's he's still on point
on message he seems genuinely seems
passionate it's a cause that has you
know real concern I like him as a
patriot honestly I like him as a rebel I
like him as a patriot I don't really
follow football don't care about his his
athletic abilities but I agree with the
president absolutely if he's qualified
for the job he should absolutely get a
job very much so and in fact I think it
would be good for the game
I would watch I think I'd watch a
Kaepernick game even if I don't watch
football because I'd kind of be curious
how it would go so you don't have to
like him personally I don't know him
personally I'm just saying that as a
protester as
a patriot I like it even if you disagree
with some of the details let's see what
else we got going on here make sure I
didn't miss anything because it's all so
terribly important no I think it had it
all all right no Caesar triangles are
not see that's all you need to know
that's all I got for now people are
saying he's not a good quarterback I
don't know who knows I'll talk to you
tomorrow