bumbum bumbum bumbum
hey everybody get in here is breaking
news that news is breaking hard I hope
you're all watching over on c-span
they've got the Google hearings and the
CEO of Google is doing these hearings
and behind the Google CEO is an activist
just as the the as the monopoly
millionaire guy as activism goes got
some real good activism so look for the
monopoly man behind the CEO of Google at
the hearings today but let's talk about
wall funding so the president just have
a press conference with Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer in which they started sort
of negotiating in public in front of the
press and Nancy Schumer said you know
let's not negotiate in front of the
press blah blah blah now if you're not
up to date on what the problem is with
the wall funding I would like to explain
it to you in a two-person skit in which
I will play President Trump and the part
of everybody else Nancy and Chuck
Schumer will be played by Dale and it
goes like this
we need strong border security I will
shut down the government I also want
strong border security well I was a
strong border security
I want strong border security and I'll
give you money for it
well I want money for strong border
security oh yeah I'm shutting down the
government for that you're not gonna get
money for strong border security instead
what we've offered you is money for
strong border security if you don't
I'm gonna shut down the government or
something like that now of course this
substituent substantive conversation
about border security has really turned
into an argument about whether they can
or cannot use the words wall I suppose
if you call the defense everybody to be
happy but the Democrats can allow the
president to have a political victory
and here's the question I ask myself why
can't they negotiate in public I can see
lots of topics that you would not want
to negotiate in public for example trade
negotiations you definitely don't want
to do that in public decisions on
national defense you did not want to do
that in public discussions about how to
change a law you know that's in
discussion that's to brainstorming you
don't want any of that stuff in public
because people will just be throwing in
ideas it's too early there are lots of
things I would not want to see
negotiated in public but this one thing
the question of the wall and border
security I really want that negotiated
in public why not you could make a good
argument there are lots of things to not
negotiate in public and the public is
better served by that but this is not
one of those this is a situation that
the public is perfectly capable of
understanding and all the brainstorming
has been done we know what all the
options are you know we know we
basically understand the entire topic
thanks to you know talking about it for
three years
so as a citizen I request of my
government that this absolutely should
be negotiated in public period
the the border security should be
negotiated in public and I want to see
how they get around they'll the other
choice of words whether it's a a wall or
a fence I want to see the President of
the United States ask Chuck and Nancy in
public do you think that a solid wall
and a fence are equally good protection
I want to see him say suppose we have
different solutions for different places
but for the important parts where
there's the biggest problem is it okay
if we use the best technology how about
if the president simply said this
negotiating in public well Chuck and
Nancy neither you nor I are experts on
construction of walls and fences and and
what to do how about we make this deal
give us X amount of money and our
experts will decide where it needs to be
a wall and where it needs to be
something else why don't we not act like
we're good at that because we're
politicians and why don't we let the
experts decide where to put a wall I
would love to see this negotiated in
public Trump is likely an expert well
he's not the Trump knows construction
but who's it who is an expert on
building you know barriers on the border
that's a pretty pretty small expertise
and the other thing that was hilarious
about this is I saw that the press
whatever you call it talking to Pelosi
and Schumer afterwards imposing Schumer
were arguing these technical budget
things you know it sounded like well
we've offered a CR like last year but
the continuing resolutions of the
process and I'm just listening to it
going I really don't know what you're
saying we don't care about these budget
details and then the president says we
need a wall
it's like watching him you know club
baby harp seals it's just not a fair
fight wall good communicating good
persuasion it's visual it's you know
everybody knows what a wall is Chuck
Schubert well we promised last time and
why isn't this as good as last time when
last time we did a CR and you all know
what a CR is but sometimes you do these
in packages and we had agreed last year
so why isn't the stuff we agreed with
last year all versus we did a wall this
is not a fair fight so let's negotiate
this wall thing in public and if the
president doesn't want to do it with
Nancy and Chuck
how about proxies I would love to see
somebody else who actually knows what
they're talking about negotiated in
public how about just a you know a
Republican who knows what they're
talking about and a Democrat who knows
what they're talking about let's have
them debate it now the worst way to do
that would be to put them on a
two-minute segment on one of the new
shows they yell at each other they
interrupt and then time runs out I want
a good hour show could be on c-span or
something in which somebody who actually
knows what they're talking about maybe
they've got some backups with them you
know somebody who can do some
fact-checking in real time and you've
got a moderator and you say all right
all right should we have a wall
everywhere what do you two say about
that and and do you agree this some
walls are good in some places do you
both agree with that right in fact I'll
do it how about I do it I will moderate
the wall budget questions I'm actually
qualified for this
my my corporate jobs for years it was
exactly this it was negotiating budgets
so it was my job to talk to the
department heads and negotiate how much
their budget was and make it all work
under the larger budget so I could do
that I'll moderate and and here's the
thing I'm not even sure I have a bias I
don't think I haven't necessarily a bias
on this topic because to me it's a
technical question it's not a political
question
it's just what works you have both sides
agreeing that they want something that
works for border security so the the
critical part of the disagreement is no
disagreement at all
everybody wants good border security so
I don't have any kind of political bias
that would be relevant because everybody
is on the same side to begin with there
are just some questions about how much
would it cost a long would it take is a
wall as good as a fence just technical
stuff I could have this solved in 24
hours
put me on camera with two experts who
can do know what they're talking about
well how this all sorted out in 24 hours
the only people who can't have solve
this are the people who have a political
stake in it so the president has such a
strong you know political motivation
about calling it a wall and the
Democrats have such a strong political
political motivation to not call it a
wall that's actually the only remaining
problem do you get that that our
government is displaying a level of
incompetence that I don't believe we've
ever seen this might be the new highest
level of incompetence at least one that
we can understand as voters we don't
understand everything they do is he can
you can't really tell if they've done
something wrong if you don't know
exactly what there
and what's the right thing to do but in
this wall situation we know that both
sides agree we know that the money is
available you have two people agreeing
with each other as hard as they can
that's a very unusual situation they
just want to use different words for
things if you have a situation in which
people agreed on the fundamentals and
the only thing they were arguing about
is how you express it and what you talk
about and how you persuade and what
words you use that's all it's down to
who would you call to help you solve
that problem yeah you'd call me I'm not
qualified to do everything you know
there the list of things I'm not
qualified for it is infinite the number
of things I am qualified to do compared
to all the things that people can do
it's very small right my total total you
know a collection of skills is very
small compared to all the things one
could be skilled at but this this is
exactly what I do this is what I do I
figured out how to people who are in
complete agreement can present their you
know present their their case in a way
the break in the coal there was a didn't
coming call alright first time watching
me live well just gets better and better
doesn't it Trump promised Mexico was
going to pay for the wall well that
wasn't really the important part of the
wall was it so apparently money isn't no
longer than the problem because the
Democrats have have pros they you know
they promised money all right that's all
I had to say about today and I will talk
to you later