bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody come
on in here hey Donny diamonds good to
see ya what a day
well most of you are probably in church
or heading to church or wish you're in
church or doing a virtual zoom to church
I suppose nobody's actually going to
church today alright is there any place
in the country you could actually go and
be in the same room with each other I
don't know maybe we'll find out hey Omar
good morning good morning well there's
not much going on today which isn't just
a continuation of what was going on
yesterday but we'll talk about that but
not until we get the day started just
right I'll be taking some questions so
if anybody wants to queue up to be a
question asker this would be the time to
do it but first if you would like to
enjoy the simultaneous sip and of course
you would of course you would yeah you
would all you need is a cup or mug or
glass so take your chalices time to
canteen dragon flask confess of any kind
fill it with your favorite like weird I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine the
other day the thing that makes
everything including the pandemic better
it's called the simultaneous up and it
happens now go well let's see what's
going on the South is open for church
services what do you all think of that
do you think that you were right to
assemble in church should take priority
over the health of the public well
here's the way I look at it how could
you go to church and have those good
churchy feelings but also be willing to
kill grandma to do it so I'll give you
my opinion here's my
and in freedom's good but if the way you
worship your God risks killing your
grandmother for no good reason I would
say you've made the wrong choice I
wasn't expecting to take her strong
strong stand against going to church
today just kind of came out as most of
you know I'm not a believer but a very
pro religion because I think religion is
if properly used and it's more often
properly use than not religion is a
tremendous benefit to most people so I
hope you're enjoying your your day today
yeah but I have to question why anybody
would get any kind of a a group when the
health risks are so high and especially
why would you do it on a religious day
of it seems like that should be the day
that you you're worshipping Satan you
know if you were worshipping Satan
wouldn't it make sense to get together
with a big group so you could get
everybody affected in fact and kill
everybody in the nursing home feels a
little more like Satan ish but that's up
to you
all right you're all familiar with Voice
of America
that's our u.s. funded entity that
broadcast radio into other countries so
that we can propagandize them and tell
them that we're pretty darn awesome here
pretty darn awesome
and apparently Voice of America is not
as objective as we'd like it to be and
it's been accused by our government we
spent two hundred million dollars a year
on The Voice of America and apparently
it's starting to spout Chinese
propaganda that's right we're spending
over many billions of dollars on the
World Health Organization to not give us
yet - not give us good health
information we spend all this money on
the World Trade Organization to not give
us fair trials and apparently we're
spending a lot of money on The Voice of
America
to create propaganda against us I think
that's probably an overstatement there
have been some specific examples in
which they seemed a little bit a little
bit pro-china
which is weird I don't know how that
could happen given that we're the ones
who fund it I don't know honestly I
don't know how it happens but there it
is
so anyway that's the big story today I
continue to wait for this side before I
decide to get afraid of the coronavirus
as of today I am NOT personally afraid I
mean I'm certainly afraid for the impact
it might have in the country and other
people but for me personally I'm pretty
well well isolated here not too afraid
but I've I've proposed this standard for
myself which is there are a lot of
famous people in the world right if you
count all the famous athletes
celebrities politicians Sarah tons of
famous people in the world until the
first famous person who's under the age
of 70 dies from the corona virus and of
all those possible people whose names
you know and you would call them a
celebrity under the age of 70 if not a
single one of them in America dies what
are the odds I would be the first one
because if you think about it at this
point I don't want to jinx myself but if
I were to die you know me personally to
die from coronavirus tomorrow I would be
the most famous person who died of
coronavirus in the United States is that
wrong by the way who is has anybody
famous in the United States under 70
died I don't think so
so what would the odds that I would be
out of all the famous people in the
country really the world a very famous
dying yet and I'm all those famous
people one of the odds I would be the
one who dies seems pretty low so I
realize it's irrational and not based on
math or anything but until there's at
least one famous person dying
one of the odds is made speaking of that
babyface the singer producer entertainer
is 61 years old which is weird because
he has the most perfect nickname so he's
a singer named babyface he's 61 years
old and when I read that I thought well
that can't be right
he's not 61 I'm looking at his picture
he listed 35 tops he looks like he's in
his 20s and I'm looking at this guy and
I'm thinking he actually has a baby face
that's that's the most perfect nickname
anybody ever had anyway he and his
family unfortunately they have the
coronavirus there's there's no reason to
believe that they have any especially
bad problems with it but he's the most
famous person who's not Tom Hanks or
pink or that basketball player Gobert I
guess they're the famous one so far but
we hope he'll be okay
so Tom Hanks recovered enough to host
Saturday Night Live but they did it all
remotely you know Tom Hanks was in his
kitchen and all the rest of the staff
they did their own little skits like
their youtubers from their own homes and
I didn't see it but I've been watching a
lot of news TV where the anchors and
stuff are in their homes if you watch
the five you see they're all in five
different locations and stuff and if you
watch Bill Maher you saw you did it from
his backyard or something and here's the
question out of this show it was
somebody saying Joe Diffie but he was
over over 70 and I didn't know he was
anyway I didn't know John Prine was but
they're over 70 so here's my question
are the shows that were watching that
are being cheaply produced from people's
kitchens are they worth think about it
so he says Joe Joe Diffie was 61 Roy all
right well I don't count that one
because I didn't know who he was so if
I've never heard of him he's not famous
enough to count he was you know I'm sure
some of you heard of him but I'd never
heard of them
he's the famous
drummer and John Prine was over 70 with
underlying health conditions sorry Boris
Johnson they say nearly died they said
50/50 but he came through so anyway my
point is if you watching the news all
these people doing these low production
jobs from home
honestly they look just as good to me
have you noticed the only thing that I
noticed that's obviously sort of missing
is there are some people who do live
shows with live audiences or at least
other people in the room and they wait
for the laughs and the laughs doesn't
happen so the way Bill Maher did his
show I thought was clever and also also
a fairly self-aware because when Bill
Maher does his stand-up a lot of a lot
of the the show if you will has to do
with the audience reaction so he's not
just telling jokes and standing there
he's sort of moving with the audience
and you know if they laugh he responds
and stuff and I'm seeing other people
saying it's worse I don't know I think
it's different and I think it's
interesting so in the long run if yeah I
suppose you could say it would be worse
production is worse and stuff but
there's a little bit of adjustment they
need to make so the way Bill Maher did
his was he he had them dub in you know
fake audiences laughing at his jokes it
would be a different audience you know
and obviously from historical
black-and-white footage and stuff so it
was actually it was actually pretty good
the huge the hubris of Scot would be the
last thing that somebody said in their
comments before they got blocked anyway
enough of that so I would like to update
my permanent prediction record all right
you all remember that there was that
graph that showed that the number of
diagnosed pneumonia deaths for this year
seemed to drop off a cliff
coincidentally
at about the same time that the
coronavirus was picking up and so people
passed that graph all around the
internet and people said look it's
obvious that there's nothing happening
about ordinary pneumonia it's being miss
categorized as coronavirus and you can
tell by looking at the graph because
pneumonia stop at the same time the
corona goes up so it's obviously just
miss diagnosis I looked at that graph
and with no factual evidence whatsoever
said that looks like a fake graph to me
was I the first person on the Internet
that you saw might have been others but
the first one that you saw call out this
graph that people everybody was passing
this around it was very very well well
trafficked how many people saw that and
believed it and then I was maybe the
first person in the world
to tell you that doesn't look real
that's fake well it didn't take long for
data scientist by the name of so there's
an update to this story you've heard the
first part Tyler Morgan who put together
this amazing visualization in which he
showed that the only reason that that
one line seemed to drop off this year
was because there's a lag in the data
reporting and it happens every year and
every other year looked exactly like
this year if measured at the same time
but there's an update so people said are
you sure Tyler Morgan are you sure it's
going to happen this year just because
the other years they had that drop to
and then it got corrected does that
necessarily mean it's gonna happen this
year and we didn't know but now we do so
now the now the data has been reported
and data scientist Tyler Morgan put in
the actual data so nothing was changed
he just took the data the way it's
reported and the scary drop in
pneumonias just went away it went away
exactly as Tyler Morgan told you it
would because it went away all the other
years at the same time and so he just
waited for the same
I told you was gonna happen then reality
redid his graph there was there's still
people here saying it's not fake okay
here's what you need to do sir
it's amazing how there's no amount of
information that will change people's
minds you know even though I wrote a
book on that topic
so even though I'm most famous for
saying that the information and facts
don't change anybody's opinion even
though they should and I'm watching it
happen right in front of me here's what
you need to do the source for the data
it was written right on the graphs so
you could go to my Twitter feed and you
could find the graph look at the source
look at the data and see if he put the
right data into the graph that's all you
can find out for yourself did you could
look at the actual source it's a
government source so just look at it
look at the data and see if it's the
same day that you looked at the chart
and then come back to me and tell me he
did it wrong I think I don't think
anybody's gonna come back to me now I
haven't done that by the way I have not
checked that myself
but do you think this data scientist
who's gotten quite a bit of attention
because I tweeted him and he deserves
that he's really good do you think that
he just made that up I don't think so
who's more famous than me you know you
can check that there's a website called
Twitter fight is that what it's called
no Google fight right let's do that
Google fight cuz everything every now
and then I'd like to know not flight's
fight I guess that went away they don't
show it anymore huh foo go fight that's
why oh god I've got this weird situation
with my phone I don't know if this has
happened to any of you but the way I
hold my phone all day long is this
is on this corner of the phone right
here so when I'm holding it you know
this thumb is always right on this edge
and for a long time afterwards it'll
have a dent in it can you see that I I
spend so much time with the phone on the
corner I found that there's actually
like a u-shaped
it takes a while for it to come back but
I've so deformed the end of my thumb by
holding the same part of my phone then
when I try to type the end of my thumb
has two points instead of having one
point in the middle of the thumb it's
like it's like a little camel hump two
humps and I'm like a Miss tied to like
crazy so let's try it again
this is the worst periscope of all time
but there's not much other entertainment
happening so let's see my goodness there
it is make a fight all right so what was
that guy's name defi Joe Diffie so we'll
check him Joe di FF ie I think and then
there's me how interesting watching
other people type on their phones in
purpose
alright so we're gonna see this fight
and I'll show it to you as it's
happening if I can it's it's thinking
it's thinking so what this is is Google
will test the number of search results
well it looks like it's not gonna work
yeah it's just well that was the least
interesting thing that happened today
all right do you have any questions that
will take your questions now let's see
who has good questions for me let's try
address if I'm pronouncing your name
right address address address address so
you there do you have a question
I was thinking about a mental framework
for this crisis and I've been thinking
maybe we should change like collectively
to the thinking of like really resilient
animal or insect like an ant colony but
basically when it's under attack as the
unites forces and really doesn't worry
too much about the particular feelings
of every individual end or just holds
together follows orders and pull through
yeah I'm not sure they're thinking about
it differently would get us to a better
result because we we have pretty amazing
cooperation and innovations and
everything you know it's like everything
else in the world you know five or 10%
of the world just isn't gonna go along
with anything but 90% of the world are
doing pretty well you probably can't get
much better than that unless you
threaten to kill people but in terms of
how things are going I like that the
president is reinforcing how much he
thinks the the economy is going to
bounce back and how quickly and what I
like about that is he's he's basically
setting our expectations and he's picked
a future points and he said the end of
the year might be like record-setting
numbers I don't know if they'll be
record-setting but if everybody thinks
it's gonna be good at the end of the
year we'll all prepare for it so
businesses will make more products and
people will save their money to spend
and people will act as though we all
agree that things are gonna be good at
the end of the year and if we act as
though it is that it becomes good
because the economy is just the result
of all the intentions and the actions of
the people so that's my best answer I
don't know if that was any good but well
thank you that means that all right
next question let's see what bill has to
say bill went away bill let's try John I
don't know why people go away as soon as
I select them I don't know if that's a
technology thing or anything bill do you
have a question bill do you have
questioned build is not listening to his
phone later he's gonna say darn it I
almost had a phone call let's try
dancing Nancy looks prepared Nancy or
you do you have a question for me yes
you know what today is is it Easter
Sunday
I am wondering what you think about
something in the world of persuasion
that lasted over 2,000 years and
actually occurred in those days by a
very small group of people that were
able to influence the world down through
the generations it has continued so how
could that have happened well I I hate
to rock your world I feel I feel bad I
answered this question on Easter Sunday
but you asked and you know people don't
come here to hear me lie to them so I'll
give you my honest answer I'm not a
religious historian I'm not but I'll
make a I'll make a statement which I
believe to be true things I've heard
from religious historians which is that
there were lots of traditions and there
were lots of other religions that did
not survive had similar characteristics
of somebody who was killed and then they
were reborn as something bigger so
apparently that's just a normal thing
that happens with lots of religions so
if you go back in time there were lots
of different religions they competed
against each other in different ways and
something won you know a few of them
emerged so Islam emerged and and
Christianity emerged and lots of
different forms of Christianity so I
would look at it as just evolution was
some kind of survival of the fittest
which in some cases has to do with the
the quality of the story if you will you
know does it have a holy book you know
is it is it put together well you know
does it is it promoted by a leader
because there were a number of leaders
who sort of took up Christianity as
their thing now if a few leaders had
changed their mind you know if the King
of England or you know I know
Charlemagne or I don't know my history
well ago but if if some of the great
leaders just a few of them had simply
said no I'm gonna pick this other
religion probably would have gone a
different way so there are a bunch of
factors now why one religion does well
and one does not but I have to i would
pick one thing in particular maybe two
things about christianity that make it
work really well persuasion wise to get
to your question yeah one is the thought
that you can always be saved no matter
what bad you did so we'd like to think
that we can be good people even if we've
done bad things and christianity
directly says yeah you could do terrible
things but as long as you're willing to
you know at this moment change you know
and do the right steps to become more
godly according to christianity then
you're saved and you're saved forever
and you're your history is wiped clean I
think that is such a seductive an
appealing thought because people are
wracked by guilt and to have some
authority say you know all that guilt
you had we all got problems too all you
got to do is do these steps say these
things you know believe and believe in
these things and your history is wiped
clean and your guilt is gone so in terms
of getting rid of your guilt is great
and also it has the advantage that if
your life is bad you can always tell
yourself you know my life is bad but
I'll do these following things to be a
good person and then eternity my
afterlife will be awesome cuz because I
worked hard even though my life was bad
so between the fact that has a payoff of
infinity literally forever in at heaven
that's the best payoff you could
possibly have so you wouldn't expect
that people would work the
and you know be the most obedient to
whatever promise them the most reward
so you see Islam promises the big reward
Christianity promises a big reward if
you do the right stuff so you know
persuasion wise is fairly it's fairly
straightforward people will do a lot to
get a gigantic potential reward even
like a lottery you know you'll buy a
lottery ticket even if you have a woman
one in a hundred million chance of
winning because if you did win it would
be so great
you'd be happy so does that answer your
question
perhaps fairy tale what a good fairy
tale it is for so many people now
through the generations well well well
keep in mind I didn't say that no so so
I've I try to be more at least lately
you know well you mentioned so often is
we can't even remember you know who was
in the news last week and who is being
persuasive and it just writes me every
year at Christmas and Easter
particularly that this man had the most
incredible effect on human history out
of all people that have ever lived so it
just amazes me because he didn't have
any of the tools that we have today and
yet it still exists well or or you could
say the whoever wrote the Bible were the
influential ones because the Bible was
written after Jesus's life so if they
had not been written in a way that
people found influential and persuasive
for centuries
I don't know that why he did would be so
had it had the impact and more to do
with the people who collected it on
paper right would you agree well I don't
know when you think about Paul who was
influenced the most he didn't he didn't
have the Bible he didn't have you know
he was speaking to people about the
influence of this man Jesus Christ so it
was amazing that Paul didn't have
anything to go home
experience well I did have the message
you know I read that they had turned the
other drink didn't really mean what we
think it to me and today her that yeah I
don't know the details but I think
turned the other trick was a little bit
more aggressive I think in those days it
wasn't so much
you know hey hit me again and I won't
hit you back with the way we interpreted
today I think it was it was more of a
subtly psychologically aggressive thing
I don't know the details but it changed
but let me just say this my larger
theory of reality is that none of us
have brains which are designed to
understand reality meaning that a clam
doesn't know it's a clam but it also
doesn't need to you know my dog doesn't
really understand much about this
complicated human world that it lives
them doesn't need to so as long as the
creature can survive and procreate
that's all it needs so there's no reason
to believe that humans have this extra
ability to not only breed and you know
procreate and stuff but we can actually
understand reality when in fact we watch
you know the two of us can watch the
news on a Tuesday and walk away with
completely different realities one will
say the presidents a crook it's obvious
who's right there on the news the other
one would say that presidents the
greatest Patriot of all time it's
obvious it was right there in the news
we both watched it it's obvious and so
we can see that even in the simplest
situations people will look at the same
facts with you know eyes and ears and
stuff and come to completely wildly
different conclusions about their own
reality right that moment like in the
moment people are redefining reality
wildly differently so when you said when
somebody says is this religion or that
religion true I have the same answer for
all of them nothing's true you know not
not the nothing thing in your hand not
the thing you heard on news not what you
think of your life your purpose in the
world none of its true because we don't
have the equipment meaning our brain our
brain is not designed to tell us what's
true it's just as
to keep us alive and for that telling us
little stories does find so is it true
that any of us have the right little
story so might it be that the the Hindus
for example are the only people who are
getting the right story and everybody
else is interpreting a wildly different
you know the the Muslims and the
Christians I don't think so I don't
think so that seems possible I mean you
can't rule that out but it seems far
more likely that all the evidence
suggests that none of us have a an
accurate view of reality and we've all
created these stories that exist in our
heads which are internally consistent to
us but sounds like nonsense often when
we explain it to someone who has a
different movie in their head so I don't
say that
you know Jesus is real or not real that
Islam is real or not really real or
anything else I say that we don't have
the capacity to know what's real so
whether there is a a real version of
religion or not there isn't any chance
we'd find it
except by luck you know so there are so
many religions that if one of them is
right it doesn't matter which one if one
of them is like bang on it does mean all
the rest of them are wrong and you don't
know which group you're in that's the
problem all right I hope I didn't
but I have loved for the first time
years ago when you first introduced the
idea of the simulation it has just been
fascinating to me that and I see and yet
the flip side of that is that in this
world the Christian belief world we call
those Easter blessings and from and for
me you are today's Easter blessing the
Happy Easter Scott oh you're so nice I
love you thanks have a great day I like
when people are in a good mood just
because does it's Easter maybe she's in
a good mood all the time I don't know
let's see what Omar has to say Omar Omar
may the gods of technology connect us
but it looks like they may not so Omar
has got some technical difficulty come
back Omar come back
let's try Jan Jan Jan do you have a
question Jay
Happy Easter what's your question I've
to see what you thought about it so this
is a really rough idea I was talking
about it with my husband yesterday with
the restaurants being I think the
restaurants are going to have a hard
time coming back they're gonna have to
get really creative so what do you think
about a handheld mouth shield that you
could have the restaurants could provide
and now this is a rough idea and they
would they could brand it they could
make them look kind of fancy or funky
down the road but the idea is you can
see people's mouths and they would have
this little handheld shield and they
could take it with them
a handheld shield so the the kind that
the medical professionals attach to
their head is that what you're talking
about well you know how the old fans
many years of decades maybe centuries
ago women would hold those little fans
and they would sort of got themselves it
would be like a fixed it wouldn't open
up like a fan and be solid or opaque it
would be a clear translucent piece if
you will held on a stick and you would
hold it up to your face while you were
talking in a restaurant well you know I
will use the same argument I use for
face masks which is it seems to me that
anything that is a barrier to the force
of the air coming out of your mouth
should make some difference but I would
you know the obvious thing is that if
you have an amass con it's gonna keep
the air closer to your face if you have
a flat object in front of you seems like
your air would still sort of escape
around it but it would stop a little bit
of it my my thought is that it would be
hard to make that widespread it would be
hard to convince people it made enough
of a difference for them to take the
effort to to use them and have something
in one hand and yeah it's good thinking
I like where you're going with this
because I like the I like the general
thinking of is there some other thing
you can do with your face mouth area to
get us past that so I like the thinking
I'm not enough of a scientist to know
how much of a difference that would be
but as somebody says in the comments
maybe some I mean if if coughing into
your elbow makes a difference make some
difference if you could get people to do
it anyway interesting idea thank you for
that Thanks hi any any ideas that
require and then everybody will do X is
always a problem because getting
everybody to do X is pretty darn hard
all right I'm gonna add a studio hello
caller do you have a question for me
caller I'm talking to you but you don't
know it yes hi I'm Jenni DJ Elsie studio
yeah when you're writing the Dilbert
comics do you think that you're kind of
going through the process of having
conversations with yourself the internal
process I don't know if anybody's ever
ask you this question which is actually
a really good question the internal
process I have when I'm writing it is
that I usually start with some concept
so it's something that bothers people
something that happens a lot in the
office and then I then I say well which
characters would make sense to be
interacting around this concept and it's
usually pretty obvious you know if it's
sort of a nerdy thing it's Dilbert if
it's a boss thing it's the boss etc so
then I've got the concept I've got the
characters and then I say alright where
are they and it's usually in the office
and that I say alright who would start
the conversation
now as a as a writer here's a little
writing trick people have said they
really like to
writing tricks I'll repeat it if you
want a dialogue to look sort of
realistic even though it's in comic form
but enough to listen that people say oh
that happened to me you avoid asking
questions because it's really easy as a
writer to say okay it's two people
talking the first one asks a question
the second woman answers this becomes
boring right away now you can't avoid it
because of the real world people do ask
questions and stuff so I of course
include questions of the comic but the
first thing I tell myself is can i
rewrite it without a question so I
always have that that thought in my head
so I start writing the comic and you
know I reflexive ly cuz everybody does
first line is a question and I go okay
my rule is if I can avoid it the first
line of dialogue should not be a
question should be a statement because
in the real world
people don't care what you think yeah
99% of the time nobody cares what you
think
they simply tell you what they think
they try to get what they want they
trying to move their agenda they try to
be selfish so if you write dialogue
writer for people who are being selfish
self-absorbed and don't care a bit about
the other people unless you know happens
to be a character that that is their
very character you know characteristics
that they care about people but that do
the exception but they they're ordinary
people to make them look like real
people in real situations make them
super selfish and then the the audience
will say oh yeah I've had that feeling
before because you're trying to get to
people's internal thoughts you know not
the ones that they let other people say
so our internal thoughts tend to be far
more selfish and and dark than the ones
we let the rest of the world see so if
you're writing dialogue and you're
trying to entertain people it's often
good to have have your characters make
statements that matched people's dark
selfish thoughts that always works like
it if there's one trick of writing use
that one all right so then the question
is does it become kind of a dialogue in
my head I think that's where you were
heading with that
like do I hear the dialogue is that what
you're asking kind of so it reminds me a
lot if you're familiar with what John
Peterson talks about with archetypes it
kind of seems that a lot of your
characters are kind of archetypes
yeah they very much are a view what are
the things that reinforces that is if
you were to try to map the Dilbert
characters the way they exist into an
existing chess set you could do it more
easily than you imagined that is to say
you would quite easily know who the king
was which would be the boss you would
know who the queen is because the queen
is the most powerful character and
female that's Alice
so they map you know the the one that
looks like a castle you know with a
little square castle ahead sort of even
looks like Dilbert and Dilbert goes in
straight lines you know he's an engineer
I can only go in a straight line okay so
you know and I shook the the intern he's
a pawn he's literally smaller and you
know expendable in the world of Dilbert
because he's just an intern and if you
look at and of course dogbert would be
the the knight the little horse because
you don't see a comment it's like oh - /
+ 1 / yeah I didn't see that comin so
it's quite common that you could take
any popular TV show and you can map it
right into a chess set because to your
point we have these Universal feelings
of categories of people and we sort of
automatically our brains put people into
categories these these archetypes as you
say so
so there's that anyway to answer your
question once I have the the characters
set up and I've got this situation and
the first try I ask a question and they
say no no no don't make it a question
make it a statement
make yourself ish make it stupid that
looks like a person and then I just
iterate so I can actually hear them
talking to me as if they're the ones
talking and I don't know if I could
always do that or if that's just
practice or if everybody could do that
easily I don't know but in my mind I can
actually just see them and then they
start talking and so Dilbert will say
you know my pride
check is heading toward a wall or
something and they'll look at it they'll
say no he wouldn't say it that way and
then he says it a different way they go
no that's not the way Dilbert would talk
either and then Dilbert says something
else I go that's Dilbert okay
that's what Dilbert would say and that's
my first sentence and then I go from
there and just iterate when I get to the
end if there's something about the
timing or the setup that didn't work I
can go back and tweak things so that the
you know the the pace of the timing end
at the right place but it's very
iterative and it is it is more like
listening than creating and that's the
part that people who are not naturally
creative probably find to be the magic
part I don't know because you only know
you only know your own brains you don't
know what anybody else's internal
process is like well that you never mind
yeah but poem that I wrote which is I
can't stop writing poetry when I reread
write I wrote and judge myself yeah yeah
so judging yourself and rewriting is
really the process of writing so hating
what you just wrote is the most dominant
part of writing and also something else
that said and then this will be the last
thing because you got plenty of other
important callers to get to which is in
Greek mythology like they kind of
represent different archetypes like
there's like the God of love and the God
of War and all that stuff and people
were basically compelled by those
different gods and they were like
consumed or one could say possessed by
those gods and something you were saying
we're also reminded me of a different
poem I wrote a long time ago about chess
but yeah so those are some right all
right thanks to the thoughts I'd take
care all right let's take another color
let's see if see if Larry has something
to say Larry Larry Larry are you there
do you have a question yes I can hear
you go ahead so I had a couple of
different
one is about Bill Gates and the other is
about Joe Biden which would you prefer
Bill Gates or Joe Biden you mean former
president no no questions about topics
Oh give me Bill Gates
all right so Gates is apparently setting
out vaccine factories for seven
different promised vaccines which seems
like an incredibly you know generous and
proactive thing to do is gonna there you
know the gates everything is going to
produce them just in case they're viable
so that we don't have to wait but then
all these conspiracy theories probably
you know Bill Gates gonna put you know
microcontrollers in it and just these it
seems idiotic why does that happen and
how can houses help that the Gates
Foundation stopped it from happening
well some of it has to do with Bill
Gates legacy reputation because when he
was making his money as a young man he
was it was pretty much a shark so he
would at least he was famous for I
wasn't there so I can't judge it
personally but he was famous for let's
say bending the ethical limits at least
within you know what's the monopoly what
is fair competition and that sort of
thing so he has that which will always
dog him but I think those were also the
the actions of a younger a younger man
and he always said that his goal was to
make a bunch of money and then give it
away intelligently and now he is but
I've said this before and I'll probably
say it a million times I'm almost
positive that Bill Gates is exactly what
you see meaning that there's just
nothing there's just no pretense largely
because he doesn't need to he doesn't
need your money
he's literally trying to give his money
away so the thought that he would have
something to gain either politically or
monetarily flies in the face of
everything you know about him because of
the people I murdered a couple years ago
you have you know you don't care you out
Hugh money and he's got a thousand times
the money that you have so
the thing to think about all the rumors
and and complaints that go around about
George Soros Rosaura Soros is a rich guy
but he's just a fraction as rich as Bill
Gates if Bill Gates wanted power he
would be buying it directly he would be
doing what George Soros does have you
ever heard of Bill Gates buying power
anywhere I haven't have you ever seen
Bill Gates express that like clever
interests like oh I'd never run for
president gosh I'm certainly honored
that everybody's asking me but I know
I'm focused on you know that thing where
he really wants to be president he's
never done that
malaria oh yeah right right so I think
Bill Gates thinks that an elected job
would be a move back which I would think
if you if he asked me what is more
honorable and important President of the
United States or Bill Gates doing what
he's doing now I know we could get
somebody else to be President
like you could fill that job with other
capable people but how do you get
another Bill Gates Foundation like
trying to cure malaria and stuff I mean
that's that's a one-off so I think that
Bill Gates has he can't be trying to get
a promotion because he already has the
most honorable important job on the
planet he does need money so so he
doesn't have the motivation and and
here's another factor which maybe I have
a little special feeling for if you've
seen some documentaries about him
he's not normal meaning that he looks
like maybe it's Asperger's I don't know
what it is but he has the ability to
focus incredibly now one of the things
that comes with that and this is me
speculating a little bit so I'm a little
further than where I should be but just
for fun part of the you know the double
the other side of the coin for that
intense focus and whatever the you know
being on the spectrum gives you which is
like a superpower in his case it also
makes you fairly honest and blunt so
he's not the kind of guy who could hide
it I feel like I feel like even when he
was you know
being you know a capitalist evil guy
during his microsoft days i don't know
if anything was hidden it was just raw
power right I mean mostly he I don't
think anybody ever said you know Bill
Gates told me something I thought he was
lying you've never heard that have you i
under have you ever heard one accusation
in the entire in the entire history of
Bill Gates has anybody ever even one
time accused him of lying think about it
think about how famous he is and that
long he's been in the public eye can you
think of one example where somebody
credibly said that Bill Gates himself as
opposed to somebody else in Microsoft
ever one time has even been accused of
lying think about it almost everybody's
been accused of lying I don't know that
he ever has been
anyway somebody will think of an example
perhaps but no I'm I am I am 100%
confident that Bill Gates is the real
thing because all of the incentive would
be for him to be the real thing that all
of his incentives there's no incentive
for him to be anything except exactly
what he's showing you he doesn't have
anything to gain so ok good conspiracy
theorists here in the comment I don't
believe them alright thanks for the
question let's take another maybe we can
do one more let's see what TLC is up to
TLC can you hear me more name do you
have a question ok good so and do that
in a way that keeps everybody safe the
least vulnerable group seems to be
teenagers okay so what's preventing
teenagers from taking on what my crowd
will call the dirty jobs that are
keeping the country moving well yeah I
think that's effectively what's going to
happen
maybe without the under-18 people
because if you're under 30 you're also
pretty pretty safe relatively speaking
yeah I wouldn't be surprised if you see
that the people who have jobs are under
50 let's say do go back to their own
jobs but you might say to your point
young people filling in for the people
who can't go back to their job so I can
see that that would make sense as a
temporary situation
maybe yes yeah so now that they're all
not in regular school we can send them
into these jobs keep them away from
adults yeah you know I I think you you
hint toward a bigger point which is
everybody is going to be really creative
and flexible about how to get this done
so I don't think there's even one
element of society that isn't under
review right now that we've never seen
this before which is part of the reason
that I'm confident about the future the
future being you know 2021 and beyond
because the amount of innovation that
this is going to sort of accidentally
trigger because we've we've critically
re-examined everything we do from the
from the bottom up as if it didn't exist
maybe we have to start from scratch and
say okay what if I always had to give
food in in a world in which I couldn't
be around other people how would I do it
and then you think about delivery and
stuff and and so systems are being
modified just all over the place like
crazy just a ton of creativity and a be
testing going on so a lot of good stuff
happening I'm positive about that yeah
me dude I'm with you on that and I have
one more thing farmers dumping milk and
throwing out seas and this is an issue
with packaging right
so there's HRI food which is hotels
restaurants industrial food packaging in
production and then there's regular
stuff we get in the supermarket no more
food outside of the home traditionally
so now the week they can't ship those
lines over to package it in a way that
it can go into supermarkets but then
we're seeing these long lines at food
kitchens and other things I'm reading
this morning
you know India starving yeah well my
guess is that all of these are temporary
things so it is so temporarily you could
easily see somebody say ah if I had two
weeks I could solve this but my my milk
will be bad in one week
so so I think if you you know check back
in a year a lot of that stuff would be
worked out they'd have new systems and
just just like you said I think it's
only a timing thing I think they're just
takes a little while to work things out
but I think we'll get there so alright
thanks for the question thank you
let's do one more because it's Easter
Sunday can't think of a better reason
all right I'm gonna pick this one
because of your title based and running
toward what hello based do you have a
question our technology is not going to
add you it looks like all right so no
based will not be with us let's try
Blake Blake do you have a question for
me
morning yes I can't guess so thinking
about simulation theory and all this
persuasion it's it's all like you know
once you grasp it and wrap your head
around it how do you make more practical
applications of it for instance in
stressful situations where you need to
be calm and think about how to be more
persuasive like if you're in a court on
the stand or you're in a business
negotiation or something like that
good question and I did something like
this with a relaxation kind of exercise
but there's there's more of an everyday
part of this I find myself on a regular
basis to saying alright what if my
reality is not the you know the classic
one where I'm a real person who's born
and live and die and stuff but rather
what if I'm a character in a video game
and this video game is designed for me
to solve certain obstacles to get to the
next level and I say to myself does it
seem like I keep running into the same
problem everywhere and it feels like
that's what defines the level you're on
have you had this experience will there
be you know other people have all kinds
of different problems in different
realms but you for some reason keep
having that's the same flavor of the
same problem in different clothes one
time after another and you save yourself
and you save yourself is this my was
this my challenge for this level like I
guess this problem just keeps coming up
and up and every I could go to another
state move to another house change jobs
and I would still have this problem
because it would follow me like so
sometimes it's fun to think of yourself
in a video game so instead of saying oh
why am i plagued by this problem nobody
has this problem but me why does it keep
following me instead of saying that I
say oh I get it now
that's that's my objective from the
level I can't go up a level until I
solve this so then it makes it sort of
fun you say alright instead of this big
annoying thing that I'm a victim of what
do I do about this yeah
how can I get past this how do I get to
the next level so I'm not sure that a
this is real but it's fun to think of it
the other thing is that when you take
yourself and if you're and if you're
let's say a human frame and you just
send the suddenly look down on yourself
like you're a videogame it can take you
and of your stress because you can
actually just imagine all right imagine
that I'm the game creator Dale and I'm
just looking down on the game and I'm
looking at my characters what are the
odds that those characters are gonna be
you know let's say dad in a week not
very high right but if you are the
character
you're looking at this you know 1%
chance of getting the coronavirus or
stops that you're pretty worried but
then you take yourself up to the
gameplay level you go 1% chance I'm not
gonna worry about that let's go to the
next level so so it does help sometimes
to just imagine you're a different
person in a different context and then
you can imagine that the same situation
starts looking differently because you
have a different point of view it's just
a little trick I use to take me out of
my preferred frame so my preferred frame
is I am me I'm in this real world I have
these problems and that can really weigh
on you so even though the problems don't
necessarily change you can think about
them differently by taking yourself up
to you know game creator level and
looking down and saying that doesn't
look like one that's gonna stop him for
more than a few days you solved that
problem a hundred times yeah he's not
very happy but I give him 48 hours he'll
have that he'll have that over with and
then it just lets you see it more
objectively anyway that's the best I got
for you hope they help when you're in ya
got ya when but when you're so you give
us all the tips and we read the books
and stuff but when you're actually in
the situation you're like well do I use
this technique or do I use this
technique how like how do you frame
yourself when you're in the moment or
about to go into it like I get the
relaxation thing you just said about
taking yourself out of that space and
being above it but when you're actually
in it when the questions are flying at
you or you know yeah so it doesn't work
I don't find that this works when there
are other people in the room so if there
are other people in the room you're
pretty much you know tied to interacting
with them you can't just disappear into
your head
so I'm talking about in your quiet times
you know you're you're drifting off to
sleep you're sitting at your desk by
yourself so it's more of a private
process there's nothing you can do if
other people are around if other people
around you you will be drawn into their
their world so just save your other
thinking for when you're alone would be
my advice all right that's the best I
can do I don't think they helped too
much but thank you so much for the
questions like thank you all right I
think I can Eddie here
and tomorrow and this coming week we're
gonna have a lot of news it's gonna get
really news II there are some things
coming in the coming weeks that I know
about that you don't at least one of
those things is really really good
meaning that if you're wondering you
know are we gonna be having this problem
forever the answer is no and I can't
tell you what I know that you don't know
but let me tell you that when you're
looking at the tool box of tools for for
dealing with this coronavirus situation
there's a new tool that's better than
the other tools and you don't know about
it yet because it needs a little
development we're talking only about a
few weeks maybe three or four weeks
you're gonna see something that you will
say to yourself well if we had that
before we'd be in a lot better shape now
so and that's just one of the things I
know about so I'm talking about
something with the coronavirus there's
there's good news probably yeah
nothing's 100% but there are things I
know about that you don't yet know about
that would suggest there's a new tool
coming
that's better than all the other tools
and we might not only be three weeks
away so my prediction is that if you're
worried we'll be locked down forever
through this summer or something like
that very small chance very small chance
that we will be locked down all summer
might we be locked down until let's say
June first pretty good chance pretty
good chance I think yeah I think maybe
some stuff will open May first but I
maybe not much I think May 15th is gonna
be the first time that anybody gets
serious about opening stuff up just a
guess and I think June 1st if you had to
bet on it
would be when more things will open up
and then before June 1st so if I had to
bet on it it's gonna be June 1st and
this is depending upon these new tools
are on the way one that I know about
others that also look promising but
they're not really gonna be online
around June 1st that's when we can get
serious so as somebody says am i
bluffing no I'm not bluffing I could be
wrong meaning that maybe my optimism
will be misplaced but I know the tool
works and it's just a question of
ramping it up so basically we don't have
to wonder if it works that part's
answered it's a manufacturing production
distribution question which i think so
he says June 1st is too long well maybe
here's here's what I think
I've been thinking about my neighborhood
you know I've got this app called the
neighborhood so if I send a message it's
it's sort of geo-fenced to only go to
the people in my zone that live there or
or at least people who signed up to live
there
and I'm pretty sure that I'm gonna make
sure nobody starves in my neighborhood
I'll probably send a I was gonna send
out an email or something we're a
message on the next door app just to
tell people in my neighborhood that
there isn't any chance that they're
gonna starve unless unless we all starve
so if somebody needs a sandwich in my
neighborhood I'll buy them a sandwich so
yeah it's a pretty upscale neighborhood
so people aren't gonna be too much
starving here but the point is I can
personally make sure as long as the
supermarket's still have food and I'd
still have money I can make sure that
nobody starves in my neighborhood like I
can guarantee it I'll just put out a
message to say if you have some reason
you can't give food email me I'll take
care of it right away
so nobody in my neighborhood is going to
starve
likewise nobody's going to be kicked out
of their homes because nobody's going to
get evicted in this environment so if
you don't get kicked out of your home
and they're not going to turn off the
power they probably won't even turn off
your cable because everybody knows
people are having trouble paying bill
so at least for the next few months I
think everybody can stay where they are
maybe they have the option it won't be
fun but you could stay where you are and
I don't think there's any chance that
people won't be willing to help feed you
should you need it and I know that you
know part of the problem is that there
are people who just had normal good jobs
and lives who suddenly literally can't
buy food and I think that for many of
them just asking for help is going to be
the hard part
asking for help is going to be the hard
part right which is why in my
neighborhood and I'll probably just send
out an email so people contact me
personally because nobody wants to admit
they need help so you say June 1st is
too long but let me suggest this zero
people will starve to death in the
United States so I'm predicting that
zero people will starve to death because
of the corona virus I don't know if
there's anybody starving for other
reasons but not because the corona virus
we're not gonna run out of food and
we're not gonna run out of generosity
got plenty of that alright umm I'm
seeing in the comments that Mark Cuban
would crush Biden I think you're right
alright that's enough for now I will see
you tonight
you know and see you there