how did you bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
well everybody come on in here
gather round find a seat make sure
you've got a piping hot mug cup or a
vessel full of coffee could be a
different beverage I won't judge you and
here it comes
the simultaneous it so this morning I
want to talk to you about the power of
beret and now it's sort of obvious that
having a good brand helps you in a
variety of ways but I want to talk about
one particular way imagine if you will
that just hypothetically President Trump
threw a party and he invited everybody
they hangs around with and would call a
friend or knows real well and is chummy
with so it's just everybody he considers
a friend and he throws a gigantic party
first of all it would be a really big
party I'm kind of amazed how he can even
remember all the people he's met I mean
his life is sort of like meeting a bunch
of people every single day I don't know
how he keeps it all straight but I
believe if you were to look let's say
from a you know a hobby drone just above
the party this hypothetical Trump party
it would kind of look like a pirate ship
had collided with a billionaires
cotillion meaning that a lot of people
there would be billionaires and
beautiful people and you know the the
intelligencia and the you know the the
people with old money and and everything
else but a lot of the people there would
be you know Don King Roger stone sort of
a rogue's gallery of people that you
don't know if they've done anything
wrong
but yeah yes suspect maybe they did and
and you see that Trump seems to be
willing to be friends with absolutely
anybody yeah whether they're good
whether they've committed crimes whether
they have a terrible reputation yeah
doesn't matter they're the race their
ethnicity their gender if you would look
at the people he calls his friends it
would look like just the weirdest
collection from the you know the the the
dangerous crazy rebels and pirates to
all the good people now what does that
buy you all right so that's his brand
right so his brand is I could talk to
anybody so when when Kim jong-un is
looking at a president Trump and trying
to figure him out and he's trying to say
to herself okay this is somebody I can I
can deal with and the answer is yes you
know the it's not an accident that
Dennis Rodman was friends with Trump and
Kim Jong on you know if Kim had his
operatives trying to figure out you know
tell me more about Trump so I know what
I'm dealing with here one of the things
that he surely learned is that Trump
doesn't seem to be judgmental about
people I know it's weird because you get
to say to yourself well no wait a minute
that's crazy
you know everything he says is
judgmental he's like the most judgmental
person ever but if you think about it it
tends not to be judgmental about bad
behavior alright he has shown a he's
shown a cape at least if it's not
directed to him he's shown a capability
to deal with you know dangerous people
all over the place and he seems to do it
easily now I I'm taking this take that
brand idea and then
move it over to Kanye so Kanye was sort
of stuck in a in a channel right he was
a african-american well he is
african-american
you know rapper musician superstar and
he wasn't really allowed to deal with
other people you know it's like he would
be deeply judged if he you know put on a
red hat and talked to President Trump
and retweeted me you know it's like how
you can't associate with the people on
the other side but Kanye is saying hey
my brand is I'm gonna love everybody
gonna talk to everybody gonna listen to
everybody that has nothing to do with
agreeing with them that's just a whole
different category I can you know like
of love them hanging out with them I
don't have to agree with them and I
believe that's sort of a superpower for
your brand if you can get away with it
you you may have noticed that I have for
a long time been trying to create the
same brand power so some of you watched
the saga when I was invited recently to
be on Infowars
and I tweeted that I was going to be on
there and of course you know all the
although the people who think that
Infowars is a blight on the world came
to me inside ow you can't talk to them
you're gonna ruin your brand Scott don't
do it don't talk to them and of course
my immediate reaction was oh now I'm
definitely going to talk to them because
the moment you tell me who I can't talk
to who I can't like okay I love who I
can't spend time with you know we're
parting company all right because that's
one of my most fundamental rights that I
exercise as much as possible to make
sure it doesn't atrophy is the right of
free association
and this always started this started
earlier with me it started when I was
maybe 12 or 13
and my friends the people I hung around
with were all the bad kids now I say bad
kids without judging I mean the ones who
are in trouble with the law the people
who broke every rule they were doing
drugs they were drinking they were you
know having sex when they were too young
they were they were doing everything the
kids are not supposed to do and those
are the people I read with and I
remember my there was a teacher who
pulled me aside and said you know I I'm
paraphrasing but he said I've got some
life advice you know you really need to
stop hanging around with the bad kids
because even even at that age I don't
know how to tell the story without
sounding like a jerk
but you need to know this fact even at
that age I had been identified as
probably going to be a valedictorian
someday probably gonna get a college
scholarship which nobody in my college
nobody from my school had never done
before
my entire school had never produced
anybody who ever got a scholarship to
college with you the one exception was a
sports scholarship but but even at that
age my school was already thinking we
might have the first person who would
ever go to college and get a scholarship
and in fact I was according to my school
but people were worried because I wasn't
spending time with the good people I
spent all my time with the the criminal
types the the kids who were in trouble
all the time the kids who didn't get
good grades and it was always for the
same reason the reason I hang out with
the you know the interesting crowd is
because they were interesting I didn't
do any of those things so all of that
bad behavior I wasn't really part of
that you know when they when they would
go off to do the bad stuff that'd be
like okay or go to ride my bike so I was
not inclined to participate in all of
the things that they were doing but
there I just liked them better they were
more fun more interesting they had a
higher risk profile everything about
them was just a little bit more fun you
know and they were taking the risk not
me
so I've kind of taken that to my adult
life you know you remember what I first
started writing about Trump I tried to
make sure that people understood that
I'm closer to you know left to Bernie
than I am closer to being the right of
Trump and that too allowed me a bigger
field of operation because I was making
sure people could not pigeonhole me and
then say hey don't get out of your box
don't get any of your box so likewise if
I'm you know if I'm talking to black
lives matter or you know or anybody else
it doesn't matter I reserve the the
absolute unfettered right to associate
with anybody I want and to like them
even if they've done bad things right
I just claim that right for myself
nobody can take that from me now I would
also say that although I'm sort of wired
that way it's just sort of a personal
preference so it makes it easy it's also
a super power it's a super power to not
judge people for the mistakes they've
made or the decisions they made that are
not the same ones that you would now I
don't know this is a mystery about
myself I am insanely non-judgmental
about other people and I don't really
know if I was just born that way or if
it's something I reasoned my way into
over my life I don't know exactly how it
came about
but it's like a superpower because it
allows people to trust me in ways that
other people wouldn't be trusted and
their trust is well-placed because I'm
not judging them so if you look at some
of the some of the top persuaders you
you'll see this happen fairly
consistently let me let me put it
put a button on my point about President
Trump and Kim Jong that one of the
biggest problems in getting a good
solution in North Korea is that we have
this American history of not being so
good to people who surrendered
you know Qaddafi is always the example
we give it's like well he gave up his
nukes and look what happened to him but
President Trump was not the president
then and that creates a different set of
circumstances so do you remember when
the criticism was fairly intense that
President Trump had said some positive
things about Philippines president do
tarde is how he said do tart a now I
believe that do tart a is like is an
accused serial murderer yeah even the
words sound funny when they come out of
my mouth
he's an acute no no I take it back he's
not an accused serial murderer he's a
confessed serial murderer
so he's a guy who confesses to murdering
people personally and professionally now
of course they're drug dealers and ice I
expect that a lot of the country is on
his side it or he wouldn't be where he
is but the president instead of saying I
this terrible guy you know all the
things that you know your moral code
tells you you should be saying he just
says I could work with that guy he's
doing a good job over there now what
does that do you know that approach to
him that approach to Putin what does
that do when Kim jong-un is looking at
his his off-ramp he's like how do I get
out of this mess I'm in a jam
how do I get out and he sees the
president Trump is completely okay with
people who have horribly questionable
backgrounds and he's thinking to himself
I imagine you know I can't know what Kim
Jong I'm just thinking can't read his
mind
but one person in that situation is
gonna look and say all right what else
has
Trump guide up you know what is what is
the Trump you know background and
philosophy here and I think it wouldn't
take long for them to figure out that
they can work with him so here so here's
a president that is probably the one
person that a dictator who's in a bind
and he's looking for an off-ramp he
thinks I think I can work with this guy
he's not going to be judging me he's
just gonna figure out some practical
thing that's good for his country and he
just doesn't give her you know give her
a rat's ass what I have or have not done
in the past so I think that's a
superpower that Trump has I think it's a
superpower that Kanye is trying to
develop and you can see the pushback
it's hard to it's hard to get there and
you've seen the pushback with me I'm
you've seen me get you know just
disemboweled by people who think I
shouldn't be talking or even liking or
appreciating anything about other people
you know and I said this before when
Alex Jones invites me on Infowars Alex
Jones is really nice to me like
respectful nice you know generous every
part of my interaction with him is great
great guy now if you want to judge him
about anything else he's done half at it
I'm not even gonna judge you for judging
you know I'm not gonna say you're wrong
I'm not gonna judge it at all these are
opinions about other people who have
made other choices and you're welcome to
them but my interaction it was all good
and I'm gonna and I'm going to you know
I'm going to accept and appreciate the
parts that are good and if there's
something that I don't like you know I
I'm not shy about saying that either I'm
watching slight change of topic
many of you saw my list I tweeted round
and blogged about it was the many
different reasons that
President Trump was is deserving of
credit for progress in North Korea we
don't know how but eleven but so far
progress looks good and are you watching
any of the reactions to that list you
know I gotta say it's a pretty
persuasive list it would be hard to read
my list of the reasons that he deserves
credit and come away from me thinking he
doesn't leave deserve any credit and yet
that's what's happening and the the
criticisms are hilarious because you
know obviously what's happening this
there's a you know it triggers cognitive
dissonance of the at the highest level I
mean the thought that this president
that they had such a low opinion of
could solve the unsolvable is just sort
of a mind breaking experience so people
are having a legitimate mental problem
because because the the reality is not
conforming to anything they think is
possible so when they look at my list
and it is persuasive it is persuasive
they have to explain it away so their
brain has to guard I got to find a
reason that this is not persuasive so
here the some of the funny push backs I
got my favorite one was somebody
challenged me in the comments on Twitter
to say oh yeah name one of those things
on that list that deserves a Nobel Prize
that's not how it works
that's like saying name one part of my
car that you can drive can you drive a
tire can can you drive a hubcap wait a
minute I'm doing this all wrong you know
who's coming you know who's coming oh
yeah which part of the car allows you to
drive it is it the glove the glove box
is it the is it the turn singles try
driving a car with just turn signals and
nothing else that will work seem so the
idea that you could look at any one of
the many things he did and that's that's
the part that gets him the Nobel Prize I
don't think it works that way it's kind
of all the things you do or nothing you
know it's kind of the package the other
the other funny pushback is and it goes
like this
Dale can you tell us the other funny
pushback tell us one thing on that list
that any president wouldn't do name one
thing that any other president wouldn't
do well Dale here's one thing that no
other president would do solve the
problem how do you argue with the fact
that the things he's doing are getting
to a good result now you you can argue
whether if you take some variables out
you would have gotten the same result I
would consider that somewhat silly that
after 70 years of doing the same stuff
and getting no success whatsoever that
the very you know the few months that
President Trump is operating differently
is when all the success happens could be
a coincidence you know I'm not the guy
who's gonna say coincidences don't
happen but that would be a really big
coincidence you know a little bit more
than I can accept let's say other and
the in particular the things that are on
the list that are not normal for other
presidents is the war on companies
instead of countries he went after
individual companies that was strong he
put more pressure on than anybody's ever
put he'd get more verbal pressure and he
also opened up the paw
ability being friends so there's just a
lot there going on with his
relationships with the other leaders and
everything else it's a pretty strong
package you'll see my list if you look
if if you see my list you'll see that
it's a strong package all right oh yeah
how can you trust a liar now I don't
know if you're referring to our
president or Kim jong-un but if you
let's talk about both so one of the big
criticisms I'm getting is it goes like
this oh ho ho let Scott study your
history because if you I had ever opened
a history book if you'd ever if you've
never taken five seconds to Google North
Korea you would know that they always do
this they promise to get rid of the
nukes but they don't they don't do it
and you know you know who doesn't know
that John Bolton John Bolton has never
noticed that sometimes North Korea
doesn't keep their promises I don't know
maybe it's his mustache maybe his
mustache is keeping the knowledge from
going in his ears but he doesn't know of
all the people you know what's funny all
my friends know it everybody I talked to
knows that every look my my other friend
my other friend Dale my name is Dale Bay
his friend his name is Dale to ask him
ask him he'll tell you he knows North
Korea does not keep their promises but
does John Bolton know that even though
that's his whole job in his life and his
reputation he does not know that I don't
know why I don't why
Nancy yeah so there's a belief among my
critics that they alone have noticed
that North Korea has a history of being
undependable with these agreements I'm
gonna go out on a limb and say John
Bolton probably knows that I know I
can't guarantee it I'm not a mind reader
I can't get in his head but I'm just
gonna go out on a limb and say I think
John Bolton has noticed that they're a
little bit undependable and maybe you
need a little bit more insurances maybe
you need to have their nuclear program
already on a boat and floating away from
the island before you loosen up on your
sanctions whatever they're doing I'm
pretty sure they're dealing with that
problem all right so the other let's see
what other pushback am I getting that
that the main pushback I get oh here's
another one
it goes like this 2-mile is if you're
just joining these are the push backs to
my list of why President Trump deserves
credit for progress of North Korea and
she didn't Dale I don't know what that
means all right so why he doesn't
deserve credit is off I got my reason oh
it goes like this somebody will read my
my long list of why he deserves credit
and then they'll leave a comment that
goes like this lol oh are you crazy
are you serious seriously seriously this
you're saying that the stuff on that
list deserves credit
oh my oh my
this list ohohoho an scene and they just
leave out any reasons oh and the other
one is oh you think this deserves a
peace prize you do understand
to everything on this list is like
threatening war and you to think that
that deserves peace fries so I'm getting
that one yeah I think people don't
understand that this whole peace fries
thing is not exactly what they imagined
what they imagined it is if they looked
at the winners of paths of past Peace
Prizes you're gonna see some people who
have done some violence or threatens and
violence and if it takes a little
threatening of violence to get to your
peace well that's one way to get there
oh so I was gonna get to the question of
president Trump's lying so one of the
criticisms I get is I'll say something
like you know I'm glad we elected this
president because I was I was confident
or at least hopeful sort of hopeful
short of confident that he could make
something happen
in North Korea where others could not
and here's another one of the the push
backs I get he lied three thousand times
in one year and I'll say he avoided
nuclear war and solved the hardest
problem in the entire world by need by
by getting a good result in North Korea
or so so it looks so far and they'll say
how could you have a president who lied
so many times he lies and then I say
could you give me an example of how the
lying
has influenced an actual thing that
matters and and when you list the things
that have been damaged by all the lion
you know how big is that list is it is
it stuff that you can is it a concept
that's the problem is it a worry for the
future that it will turn into a problem
have you noticed that the problems that
people have with President Trump you
can't photograph let me explain that you
could you could take a photograph of
North Korea and you know you could take
a photograph of nuclear weapons there
they are and then when they're removed
you could take the photograph of the
empty the empty building the economy you
could see people going to work that
didn't have jobs you can see a statistic
that it looks good you know that
employment looks good so the things that
he's doing well you could see for
example the embassy moving to Jerusalem
right so every wherever there's a an
actual accomplishment there's something
you can see either a statistic a photo a
person you can see it but the things
that people have in terms of problems
about the president you can't see that
they're all in the invisible class you
know it's like he keeps lying there's a
lying there's all the lying true yeah
but where's the problem you know where
where's the part where my arm is
bleeding because of it where's the
problem where I didn't get a job because
of it where's the problem that somebody
bombed us because of it so most of the
problems that people have with President
Trump have something to do with their
imagination of what's happening in his
head or their belief that something bad
will happen in the future or
their belief that something's happening
now and it's making them feel really bad
so if you were to take all of the
criticisms about this president and sort
of put them in a in a list it would be
all the invisible stuff if you think
about it right I mean you could do this
exercise at home take all the complaints
it's like he is a racist he's got a he's
got a he's got an invisible racist
whistle well let's measure that
well I can't let's take a picture of it
mm-hmm can't get a picture of an
invisible whistle he's he's crazy well
we can't test for it we tried to test
for it and he seemed he aced the test
you know he's he is he makes decisions
that are without thinking again can't
take a picture of a lack of thinking you
know can't get a photo of it can't
measure it you know how do you measure
somebody's internal thought process
he keeps saying things that might cause
trouble with our allies in the future I
can't get a picture of that
I can't measure it is it a coincidence
that all the things he's doing wrong
can't be measured I mean that doesn't
mean that there there are no such things
as things going wrong that can't be
measured
there certainly are but it's getting
fairly consistent at this point
accomplishments you can photograph them
and you can measure them every one of
problems sort of how I feel about was
something and I imagine in his head he
might do something wrong and I think he
made somebody mad and I believe he
offended somebody that isn't me it's all
invisible can't measure it can't
photograph it
what can you photograph in terms of
North Korea nukes well
I'm being conceptual here in theory at
some point soon there will be a
photograph of an you know a nuclear test
site and then there will be a photograph
after everything's been removed
I would imagine we'll see those
photographs now it's early so it's too
early to say that North Korea is going
to work out
Pompeyo has told us the same thing you
said well we're optimistic but it's too
early to say this is going to work out
Oh am I saying major in an upstate New
York way is there a different way to
pronounce that it might be so too early
for you to say it is an accomplishment
yeah so the other the other criticisms
people are giving me is nothing's
happened in North Korea nothing's
happened
you keep saying he's accomplished
something he still has no nothing's
happened well technically true so I you
your technical truth but have we ever
been talking like this before yeah we've
never been in this situation before it
would be very hard for this to start
walking backwards it could it could but
we're probably in the 85% chance of
moving forward instead of backwards now
that doesn't mean we won't walk away
from the table you know I told you
before there's probably at least one
walk away in this process the president
even mentioned it you know in his speech
to thee and all right by the way did
anybody catch you a speech to the NRA
that was that was probably his best work
I thought his NRA speech was just he's
getting so good at the comedy when he
when he has a friendly audience it was
really good alright let's talk about
this judge Ellis TS Ellis who's CNN
called at least once TS Eliot but only
once that I heard
so he did some push back on this old
Muller thing about Manafort and said hey
you're not really after Manafort you're
just going after him to find a problem
so you can go after the president now I
try to I try not to get too deeply into
the legal analysis because I don't have
any skill in that area no expertise
nothing to really add and I think that
we civilians are continually surprised
what is possible and what is not
possible in terms of the law if you had
told me you know a few days ago that
it's possible for the judge to say you
know get the F out of here even if you
did commit a crime I don't care about it
because you're your real intention is to
go after a third party I didn't know
that was the thing and I'm not sure it
is the thing I suspect he's just pushing
back to make sure he has all the
information he has and it'll probably
proceed but I don't know I'm not a
lawyer so I think the pushback was
unexpected but entirely appropriate but
I don't think it necessarily signals how
it's going to turn out I think it might
be just normal judge you know pushing
back so could be nothing there we'll see
not normal but not important the judge
confirmed Muller's witch-hunt now what
would happen if we're looking at a
midterm election in which the Muller
investigation is wrapped up and didn't
find anything important and North Korea
is looking good
and we've watched over the summer
some programs rollout that are
specifically beneficial to the
african-american community because those
things are actually in the pipeline
right now we just don't have any have
any meat on it
you know there's urban redevelopment
there's you know I'll talk more about
that in coming days there's some prison
reform coming I don't know the details
of that probably some you know
flexibility on marijuana maybe something
else about you know drug crimes so there
could be and and and I hope there's
something about vocational training
happening and by the way one of the big
on unspoken facts is that you your
average well should I say this
I don't know if I want to say this
without the benefit of statistics so let
me say it as honestly as I can I don't
have statistics for what I'm going to
say so I'm being told by somebody who
should know but I don't have statistics
to back it up and that is that the that
the African American citizen population
is not so much against tough immigration
policies you know the I think the
country in general is kind of soft on
the people who are already here whether
legal or not if they've been good
citizens for for a long time or a good
residents I guess you would say but I
don't think the black community is for
open borders because why would they be
it's just it's just competition for
resources so it's easy for for a rich
guy to say yeah I'll open those borders
I'll get more you know free labor but if
you're competing for jobs why would you
want more competition so I think
President Trump just a gas but it looks
like he's gonna start cranking up his
outreach he's already talking about it
more Kanye made it easy
he gave him something to talk about
that's positive I think he likes to show
progress and until he had something to
show you know black unemployment it's at
its best level ever
Kanye saying hey give him a try so now
he has something to talk about and over
the summer I think he's gonna get a few
more things to talk about
so the midterms are going to get really
interesting is Kanye's attention
increasing my video views probably yes
my video views seem to be way up my
tweets and retweets are way up as well
even though my Twitter population is not
up that much but it could be it could be
just that I'm hitting the pocket on what
people are caring about it might not be
I mean the Kanye part might be a 5% of
difference 10% difference Ben Shapiro
had beyond what do you mean you mean he
talked about me how do you know this
isn't what Trump and Kanye spoke about
well I'm sure it is you know maybe not
specifically what's happening but I'm
sure that President Trump was smart
enough to say hey why don't you just say
you liked me watch it just but you know
if he didn't ask for the sale yeah
that's like the what are the tricks of a
sales person you have to directly ask
for the thing you want so he probably
did that doesn't mean that's why it's
happening but I would imagine he
you did Ben loves me good to know
I think that would be unverified
observation yes let's talk about Pastor
Scott's effort you look looks like
they're talking about having to get
togethers one with athletes one with
artists and I don't know this there's a
there's a risk with this that it looks
like it's just for show and the bigger
the group and the more celebrities you
put in it the more it looks like it's
just for show on the other hand
President Trump is really good at
putting on a show so the risk is that it
looks like you're putting on a show and
you don't do it well that's that's the
big failure but if it looks like you're
putting on a show and you do a good job
of it it could look like a different
thing in other words it is important
that people that influence others are
the are the first ones you know they get
to have a chance to have a change in
mind I suppose or at least to speak
their mind you know either one be good
so I don't know I would rather see a
smaller group of people who have
solutions then I would just a photo op
with some rappers who are complaining
about something and have no particular
solutions yeah reaching out to his
opposition is a winning strategy that is
correct it doesn't matter how the
meeting goes the outreach itself is at
least something all right I am going to
go do something else now and I will talk
to you all later have a great Saturday