[Music]
um hey Austin come on in here I know I'm
competing with the president who's doing
a press conference with McCrone right
now but but cronies talking in French
and we don't understand that so get that
just what were you it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams and the highlight of
the day is a little thing I call the
simultaneous mo you need to participate
it is a cup of mocha our glasses mr.
Stein challenge tankard thermos flask
and team ground goblin vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like off you join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing to max everything
got her the simultaneous up go Carl
you bought the the art the Jake temper
and I did the auction thank you
I'm glad you bought that well let's talk
about some things I was listening to the
press conference with President he's
over at the NATO conference in Europe
and it's interesting to hear him say
directly we should be friends with
Russia at the same time he's meeting
with NATO an organization entirely
formed to Russia and I I've said this a
million times but I think I'll just keep
sitting here forever we don't have a
reason to not be friends with Russia
if we thought poking each other now
right now we have a reason to not be
friends because we keep poking each
other yeah with cyber stuff and
sanctions and everything else but what
if we just stop doing that cuz there's
no game there's nothing you can do
that's gonna make Russia go away there's
nothing they can do that's gonna make us
go away so you know the thought about
weaking their weakening the other
country and comes in some
last and you know message with their
elections you can do all that stuff
that's not really gonna lead you to
anything good there's just nothing
there's no there there and I say this a
lot but we we tend to manage from a we
manage from a perspective of shortage if
there were only limited resources in the
world we needed of in Russia datum well
maybe you need to have a war or at least
treat each other like enemies but we
don't really have that we don't have a
resource shortage these artists
situation for both Russia and the United
States is that we get along we just both
make more money less war it's all good
now what is Russia's thinking on this
topic I have no idea but my guess is
that they poke us because they think
we're poking them and I'm sure we are so
what if we be stopped or what if they do
stopped is there any way to get there
and it seems to me that if you didn't
have Putin in charge well maybe there's
just no way to get there but really
there's one behind that that needs to be
changed just one person's and I think
the president is good at that stuff so I
don't know if we can get there where
Russia will be our friend we don't have
to worry about them maybe both of us can
worry equally together about China which
does look a little scarier all right
here's a good example of loser think in
the wild so as you know I'm sure you
know I wrote a book called lose you
think that's out recently and you should
buy it because it's the best gift you'll
ever give your family will love you
you'll be a star of the family for the
first time ever if you give them loser
think the best book in the world but
here's the example of the one in the
wild I tweeted around an article about
gun control which is pretty interesting
he a guy who's good with statistics made
the case that it makes sense to over to
a ar-15s because of the unlikely chance
that'll be some kind of a a war or civil
unrest or revolution or something and it
makes a really good case if you if you
haven't read it because I'm not gonna
try to have paraphrasing here but if you
haven't read his mathematical
explanation of why you need some pretty
high-powered rifles you should consider
a Twitter feed you can see if any way
that led to somebody making this
covenant there was something named
Olivier Libre and he says he's quoting
the article at the end this has you know
why would you want to own one of those
things talking about ar-15 and and the
author of the article said please don't
be surprised if they simply respond why
wouldn't you yeah that's the conclusion
of his article this has statistically it
makes sense don't a god the unlikely
chance that that you need one and so
this critic or at least commenter
Twitter says well let's take that same
argument made from guns the the war
wouldn't you he said that same argument
as climate change people asking why take
a chance
meaning why take a chance that climate
will be catastrophic you know don't take
the chance go aggressively against it
and here's a perfect example of losers
think now do you spot it and see if you
can spot it now so the the point he's
making is that if there's a good
argument why you should own guns just in
case that's an oversimplification but
it's a it's sort of a just in case in
the unlikely event the and the argument
really is that the unlikely event the
Ennead one is actually far more likely
than you imagined so the the article
might I tweeted around makes a good
mathematical argument that the odds
needing that rifle because of a social
breakdown actually pretty high
if you look over a you know a hundred
year period so here's a case you didn't
catch it yeah so he's using an analogy
so that's one problem right but here's
the thing I looked down his profile to
find out why his profession is is his
profession economist it is not it is
musician so this is the pattern that
caused me to write the book whenever I
would see an argument that it's not a
stupid argument and I have I have
nothing bad to say about Olivier who
made his point
those who think is about people have not
been exposed to different fields this in
this case I'm going to talk about how
Olivier was not exposed to economics and
maybe engineering and some other things
so as a musician he's made this analogy
it's like what you have if having the
gun is just in case the you know the
unlikely chance it's a big problem then
why would take the same argument to
climb in say well you don't know if it's
a big problem but you should treat it
like it is here's what the economist
knows that the musician doesn't may read
e but what the Economist knows is that
you have treat a difference a situation
of shortage and constraint much
differently that would treat a situation
to where you have abundance guns are
abundantly available we don't have a
limitation on how many guns we can get
not really you're running out of money
everybody who wants one can can't get
one let's say the criminal record first
so for all practical purposes in the
United States
guns are easy to get and there's no
shortage constraint or anything like
that you get all you want
compare that to climate change where the
solutions suggested cost trillions and
trillions of dollars do we have
limited trillions and trillions of
dollars we do not sow in the gun
situation of course it makes sense to
have a gun in case you need one because
it doesn't cost very much and it's a
good against the unlikely case of civil
disaster but in a case of climate change
you have a completely different
situation you have constraints that
don't exist with the puns everybody can
get a gun pretty much but with climate
change you can't spend your trillions of
dollars on one thing and still have
enough money left over to do other
things so the climate change analysis
you should compare your risk from
climate change to all of your other
risks so you can know where your money
goes best you don't have to do that
analysis with guns because most people
can afford a gun without it changing
their standard of living but certainly
if we reoriented our entire economy to
solve climate change we would have less
left over in case there's a pandemic in
case there's a asteroid heading towards
the earth less you know less ability to
recover from an emt attack or anyone of
you think of a dozen things that you
would still need that trillions dollars
for and the most obvious one is that if
you use your money to keep your economy
strong that defends against most of the
economic impacts of climate change at
the long-run it also allows you to build
devices that can suck carbon out of the
air if you need to move it allows you to
build nuclear plants so it's simply
having a strong economy and you're not
crippled by spending all your trillions
of this one won't risk just building
your economy gives you all kinds of
options so someday ten years from that
we say hey we'd really need some co2 now
today well we put a trillion dollars at
it I then maybe it's only half a
trillion because the cost of technology
is going down in time they're more
efficient and you stuck it directly out
of there so
that's just one example anyway my point
is that loser to think is not about
people being dumb
it's about this exact situation that I
gave you the musician doesn't know
what's wrong with this analogy when he
says get a gun just in case well why
isn't that just the same with climate
change
deal with the risk of climate change
just case and the difference is shortage
don't have a shortage of guns do have a
shortage of multi trillion-dollar
expenses if you do it once you know how
much leftover for anything else alright
so that was way too much on that Google
is being destroyed by its own awoke miss
apparently so apparently the Google
employees are very progressive and if
Google is involved in anything they
don't like they they're very vocal I'm
going to make a stink about it one of
the things they don't like is kids
engages and so and look some of the
employees look into it if Google in any
way is working with the people who are
putting the kid's engages and it turns
out they are terms that Google is Google
is one of the vendors who is providing
services to the people who are putting
kids in cages so the people who work for
Google we're unhappy to learn that they
worked for a company that was supporting
kids and cages now I just had this just
one example but I think you can kind of
see the writing on the wall here I think
Google might destroy itself with good
intentions because once you go down that
path of let's boycott things that we
don't like there's no real end to that
now I don't want to say it's a slippery
slope
I'm just saying that it's something that
doesn't have a stop on it so I'd like
the word
slippery slope because it it makes you
think there's something has a quality
called slippery as if it's inevitable
well you should look at instead this is
just see if there's any counter forces
this case I don't see one seems like
Google is going to have to stop doing
business with every entity that has done
something that's employees or a subset
if its employees are not happy with how
many how many of Google's customers are
involved in something as some subset of
its employees would not support well
that's a lot of stuff that's a lot of
stuff one of the idiots on Twitter well
as you have to be one of my critics and
saying that I should stop whining that I
lost friends and revenue talking about
Trump related stuff because I live in a
world in which you know it's fair to
boycott everybody has a right to buy
what they won't or not buy what they
want so I should not complain that I
lost income or than I lost friends
because my opinions that's just the way
the world works to which I said hey
or was I complaining show me where I
complained I did not complain I stated
as a fact I've simply said as the fact I
lost X friends lost X in government I
have said explicitly that I'm not gonna
care about that in the sense that I'm
gonna keep doing what I'm doing but
here's my larger point the person who
says yes it's it's good and it's part of
the free system that people can boycott
things they don't like to which I say if
you pursue that and let's say we make it
more of a standard that that's just
ordinary the people routinely boycott
companies where people who were involved
in any way
with stuff they don't like what would
that do to civilization it would
actually destroy civilization if you
couldn't work with deal with sell to buy
from people who at least have one
opinion or one thing you don't like
there will be nothing left now this if
you're talking about another country you
can absolutely break out another country
because we can we can sell and buy to
other countries but if you have country
that's literally treating you like an
enemy and is killing tens of thousands
of your citizens oh yeah you can point
out that that that's really just war so
I'm not opposed to a defensive war if
it's a defensive war not opposed to that
but other of my critics piled on there
was a wired interview wired interview
with me the Wired magazine in which
their headline assigned by prominent
editor said that I was arguing for more
civility online and people saw me
attacking all of my critics online the
trolls and they said you stupid
hypocrite cartoonist who really does the
point here boss because they're not very
creative they all l think that they're
the first ones who thought of that hey
I'm the first one who thought of this
idea of comparing the cartoonist who
draws a pointy hair boss I got it I got
it I'm gonna watch this I'm gonna
compare the cartoonist with a character
in his cartoon watch this what's this
the guard dudas he's like so clever
he's like the count the point of hearing
boss Oh pat myself on the back Paul
nobody thought of that one before wait
wait'll he sees us he's gonna is so
clever okay Yuri the millionth troll to
say the same damn stupid thing alright
if you can't insult me with a little bit
of originality
I feel disrespect
put some work at that into the
criticisms alright a little elbow grease
do a little research try to try to say
something better than he's the
pointy-haired boss or that he draws
Garfield those are the two things like
maybe you should have known somebody who
said before anyway my point is the
editor assigned it a title up to the
interview with me and said that I'm
arguing for more civility online and
when trolls came in and said how can you
argue for civility online when I just
see 400 comments yesterday insulting
your critics I was that civility do you
see what happened he had looked to the
story said that I'm arguing for more
civility online that never happened
I never hadn't I never used the word
civility if I did it wasn't I don't
think I did it's not a word I would
typically because that was simply a word
assigned by an editor still my critics
are criticizing me for something that
was just a misleading headline from an
editor has nothing to do with me now if
you were to read those I think you would
say extended description of the fact
that something like 60% of the things
that people say about me even in
well-known publications it was just
wrong or it's at a context in this case
has had a context what I do in my book
and what I talked about in the article
is the 48-hour rule for accepting
apologies and the 20-year rule for just
ignoring things that people did when
they were in high school you know unless
it was murdered or something terrible
now those two things make the world a
better place and they they reduce the
temperature but there is never been a
time in my life I've ever said we should
be civil to trolls terrorists
criminals in the act and I
don't think you'll ever find anything
I've ever said that says we should be
civil to I've never said that
so most of my critics in fact almost all
of them yesterday not all maybe 80% of
my critics yes and there were a lot of
them came in to argue that the headline
that I didn't write and is completely
misleading is making me a hypocrite
because I said something completely
different in a different context David
typical day on Twitter what else we got
going here funniest story from yesterday
there's some pretty funny lately is that
the Trump administration has decided to
not give credentials press credentials
to Bloomberg anymore which would deny
the Bloomberg reporters access to the
White House since the president I guess
and and of course he's doing it as a
response because Bloomberg is running
for office and he and Bloomberg the
company announced that they would have
bought new investigative articles about
Bloomberg but they would continue to do
it about other people including Trump
now what do you do with that now so
Trump or his administration I don't know
came up with this idea now I didn't see
this coming did any of you see this play
this was completely invisible to me in
retrospect I should have seen it coming
but when I saw that announcement that
they were going to deny press
credentials to Bloomberg you know
Bloomberg the company I thought to
myself that that's good that is so so
good strategically you can make your own
decisions about ethics and free speech
and all that I don't think our free
speech is too affected by one
organization in one special case having
some
limited-access doesn't say anything
about the rest of the process this is a
special case so I don't think it's a
First Amendment situation in any
practical sense but as a strategy just
as a political strategy you're not going
to see much better than that
you know I tell you all the time that
the the trademark signature moves from
Trump is that what he sees free money
sitting at a table he picks it up this
was free money sitting at the table that
I I didn't see it did any of you see
this coming it was exactly the right
play here's why it's exactly the right
play
what does it make you talk about it
makes you talk about whether it's good
or bad - did I Bloomberg access because
they've announced that they're gonna be
unfair does it matter
nothing else matters that's it that's
the whole play the play is they know you
have to talk about it because it's
something the president did you know the
White House did it matters it involves
Bloomberg it's the First Amendment you
can't not talk about it and every moment
you spend talking about it makes
Bloomberg look like it to all even
though you know on in one sense you can
kind of understand how we got here you
can understand that realistically
Bloomberg wasn't going to you know do
hit pieces on their own founder so since
Bloomberg was not going to do hit pieces
on their own founder because they
couldn't you know they get fired
it's completely ethical for Bloomberg to
say look you know we would never be
trusted
and we certainly have too much bias and
stuff and too much at risk to do honest
stories about Mike Bloomberg so the most
ethical thing we'll do is we're gonna
say we're just out you know we'll just
not cover it because we can't do it in a
way that would look unbiased
that's actually pretty other
cool thing to do but the only way that
that would be completely ethical as if
they also don't talk about the other
politicians including truck now we all
realize that the moment it came out that
you know if viewed in isolation
that's an ethical and I would say
responsible thing to do if you're a news
organization who knows who knows it's
not even a doubt but you know that you
can't cover this one individually in a
way that even anybody would think was
unbiased it's way better to say you're
out okay we're just not going to do it
because we know we could never be
credible on this one topic I actually
thought that shown an ethical
consideration that I sort of appreciated
but when they said they were still gonna
come to the president it was like wow
wow you are halfway there
my friends you were halfway there and
the president took them there through
the way so we got they got halfway to an
ethical place the president just said
hey who left this free bunny leg on the
table
seriously seriously it's free money
anybody anybody nobody all right free
money so he says lube and Bloomberg and
all you have to do now we have to talk
about it and the more you talk about it
the better the worse it is for not only
Bloomberg the company but Bluebird in
the candidate so as a as a strategy and
that was good
now for those of you who are new to my
periscopes and you're saying to yourself
I know what you're saying to yourself I
don't need the DOE beard Scott why do
you say everything the president does is
good and everything everybody else does
is bad why do you do that everything you
does Orange very good what do you say
that scene for those of you who are new
I often criticize the president's for
example if the president
a trade deal with China before they've
executed that mean
fentanyl dealers I'm gonna be seriously
pissed off like you've never seen me I
think the president could do better or
the immigration could do better on
health care do better on marijuana
legalization tons of things to criticize
him about so I criticize the president
about a lot of stuff but this play this
was a good play I gotta say all right
the President had a couple of good
tweets that are funnier than even his
funny ones so I think to used to pull
today or yesterday he said thank you to
great Republican John Kennedy for the
job he did in representing both the
Republican Party and myself against
against like he used the word against
because for representing both the
Republican Party and myself against
sleepy eyes Chuck Todd on beat the
depressed
beat the depressed now my understanding
is that the President did not come up
with that nicknames for the show meet
the depressed
I think Rush Limbaugh did somebody was
suggesting Mark Levin
so somebody else came up with that word
but the fact that the president used it
in a tweet made me laugh heartily
because you know now everybody's seen it
beat the depressed and it's so perfect
because Meet the Press is pretty much
complete sadness all the time they're
sad about war in Japan bad and if your
entire show is we're very sad about
words made bad we're very sad May I'm
sad when I'm sad or which made bad I'm
sad
that's the little show so meet the
depressed is pretty freaking hilarious
so congratulations whoever came up with
it
he have another funny one in which in
which the president referred to to Mike
Bloomberg and I'm terrible at reading my
own notes but he oh here's his other
paint he goes mini Mike Bloomberg's that
I guess that's the kill shot he's
testing out mini Mike here's a mini Mike
Bloomberg has instructed his third-rate
news organization not to investigate him
or any Democrat but to go after
president Trump only the failing New
York Times thinks that is okay because
their hatred and bias is so great
they can't even secrecy straight it's
not okay height before but I think he
was calling a little little biker or
whatever but mini Mike is instantly
sticky as much as you know what the
bully 2 went now we don't want to live
in the country where the bully wins but
this is sort of a special case because
of this case and I'm gonna look at a
paraphrase it but this is how I select
the way I sought in 2016
president Trump ran to be the bullying
chief he ran to be a bully he was just
gonna bully people who had it coming he
wasn't gonna believe his people he
wasn't gonna bully his supporters but he
was gonna bully other countries he was
gonna believe you know China if he could
and and certainly we knew he was gonna
bully his political opponents so his
voters knowingly completely
well-informed about what they were
getting purchased through their votes
their own bully
so in a sense the country hired a bully
to bully on our behalf
very much like hiring a murderer to kill
somebody who needs to be guilt
so do I do I support bullying no no no
not as a federal thing but we got kind
of a special case he was actually hired
to be a bully so if you hire somebody to
be a bully and then he bullies people
who have it coming
you know his political opponents whoa ah
I don't think you can complain too much
if you hire somebody and they do exactly
what they were hired to do and they make
it humorous at the same time now I feel
sorry for Judd Apatow who used to make
funny movies and as you know Hollywood
no longer values funny movies because
they're too insulting to somebody there
somebody was the butt of the joke and so
you can't really make funny movies the
way funny movies used to be made so Judd
Apatow can't make funny movies but he
hates President Trump if you've seen his
Twitter feed you know I pretty had
President Trump has used Twitter too for
all practical purposes create his own
funny movies and the reason that trumpet
can still be funny is that he's never
politically correct so the very thing
that Judd Apatow can't do anymore
what and here's the funny part why is it
that Judd Apatow can't make funny movies
anymore it's because of people like
capital C or unboundedness Judd Apatow
can't make movies in which you made fun
of anybody you know which is the old way
of making movies because the people like
Judd Apatow who would complain about
people making fun of people so he and
his people that would let's say agree
with him in the anti-trump world
I've made it impossible for Judd Apatow
to funny movies anymore
and that he has to fire up his Twitter
every day and watch Trump make a funny
movie every day it's a small fee in the
form of a tweet but Trump is doing John
at Patel's job cousin Javed Judd Apatow
is Jed Apatow can't do his job
because if Judd Apatow did his job make
you funny movies he would be boycotted
by Judd Apatow honeybell love that I do
not love that come on by the way I think
Judd Apatow is an amazing talent in his
movies are great but it's a funny
situation is all I'm second at that I've
got a new hobby where when I get
especially ignorant roles coming at me
on Twitter I click on their profile to
see if they're musicians unsuccessful
writers or they have the hashtag resist
because the number of people who come
after me on Twitter and have one of
those qualities musician who is now
successful writer who is not successful
order hashtag resist comments are just
vile like they're just bleeding in the
of their computer so anyway I look at
their I always look at the profile of
the trolls cuz it's for me to be
President Trump was just asked just a
few minutes ago when he was doing his
press conference with McCrone president
but progra somebody in the crowd asked
him if the president or the United
States supports the Iranian protesters
I've told you that it's better for the
United States to stay and they're right
it's better if we're not seemed to be
supporting the protesters because that
is easier for the regime sighs easy it's
the CIA you know it's not about us it's
external threat you should rally around
us so here's how the president s answers
the question do we support you no do we
the United States
the government doesn't support the
Iranian protesters Trump said he didn't
want to comment on that but yes I don't
want to comment on that right now but
yes the answer is that I don't want to
comment on it but yes so I think that
meant that we support them with our
minds I think I think the he didn't say
this but I think this is true
speculating here that he was making a
distinction between supporting them
financially or with you know with out of
the CIA were supporting them with
weapons or anything like that we're not
doing that
but do we support them sort of
intellectually morally with our wishes
and their hopes yeah we do
sounds like he has some more
clarification on that topic coming up
remember a few years ago I predicted
that in the first year by the first the
end of the first year of the presidency
those critics would be saying some
version of this
okay sure he's effective but we don't
like him though the we didn't like you
part was partly because he's Republican
but partly because his character they
would say his personality they would say
his mean tweets they would say and I
actually I'm running into trolls who
will state their selves you know that
he's a horrible monster and then I'll
ask them okay okay let's let me accept
your characterization accepting your
characterization that the president is
you they always have like five different
words in their list he's a racist rapist
cognitive criminal no insane or
something so they always have like five
things and then I asked them okay
accepting that that's true does that's
your characterization what's going wrong
you know what see yeah
throw that in there what did it what is
wrong what is he broken what what has he
done to the country because now it's
been three years you would think that
all of those bad qualities would start
translating it to bad things for the
country so I asked that question and I
actually had somebody retreat to this
point they said that I know darn well
that the real problem is his character
and morality so one of his biggest
critics actually had retreated all the
way from having no no problem at all
with his results everything's going well
but his character and his morality you
know the things you can't measure and so
I offered you this deprogramming tip I
might do more of this before Christmas I
like giving you some things to say the
relatives or the anti-trump and
deprogram them and let me tell you what
I suggested here I'm sure I wrote down
here yes so when somebody would one of
your relatives comes full anti-trump it
goes on a rant here's a fun little thing
you can do to deprogram them now you
can't really deprogram people in real
time they don't change their minds but
you're gonna have a lot of fun with this
one so this one's fun it goes like this
so this is my tweet but you can imagine
wording this with your own words so
imagine you say to your relative who's
the anti trucker who's just giving you
the laundry list of all the things that
are wrong
suppose you said you know Uncle Bob I
hear what you're saying but Uncle Bob
does it give you a sixth sense end of
the movie kind of a feeling when you
realize everything that can be measured
is trending positive but weirdly
everything you can't measure
looks like a disaster to you is it does
it make you feel like you just saw the
ending of The Sixth Sense now the
reference to the ending of The Sixth
Sense I'm assuming almost all of you
seen that movie if you make a reference
this is the end The Sixth Sense
everybody who's seen the movie and I'm
not going to spoil the movie so I'll
just assume that you've all seen it but
anybody who saw the end of The Sixth
Sense knows what the feeling is
the feeling is oh crap
everything I thought was wrong and you
have to reinterpret your history so I
take a feeling with the end of the sixth
sentence because everybody in the
theater had the same feeling yeah at the
end they're like Oh everything I thought
about this movie was dead wrong dead
wrong dead wrong but not the movie too
late so here's another way to attack it
suppose you sent to your anti-trump
relative hey Uncle Bob it's just so we
can get on the same page let's do this
let's make two lists what is the list of
everything that involves the federal
government that you could measure things
which have statistics things that we can
track so that's one less things you can
track and it'll be another list of
things that are important but they're
they're not subject to you can't put a
number on it you can't put a statistic
you can't really compare it so so the
list of things you can't measure it
would be the president's character the
impact from his failing the
fact-checking 11,000 times in a row the
morality the lissa the the friendliness
of our allies mercies and you so you see
where I'm going right you can make a
list of all the things that can't be
measured but seems important then your
second list is all the things you can
measure unemployment rate
number of our military that are killed
mount that other countries are donating
to NATO and the even and by the way you
have to fact-check me on this but I
believe that because the economy is so
strong that more people have health care
now than at any time in our history
probably both as a number and as a
percentage but effect Jack then William
I also think in I need a factor to this
that the rate of rise of health care
costs has leveled off which means
they're still rising but they're not
rising like this suddenly the Trump
administration rising like that and sure
enough there are specific things the
Trump administration has done it is
doing for price transparency allowing
you know associations across state lines
allowing Florida and other states to buy
discounted pharmaceuticals from Canada
etc but my point is if you made two of
us things you can measure and things you
cannot you would discover then on the
list of things that you can't measure
the president is killing it now some
people are going to put it on that list
some things letter responsibility of the
states for example the homelessness the
homelessness primarily is something
that's unfortunately the states need to
deal with and the states are probably
making the mistakes that are causing the
problem there's not a ton that the
federal government could do about that
anyway it would be a fun holiday
experiment to see if you can trigger in
your anti-trump uncle or family members
the feeling at the end of the sixth
sense where you present to them that
everything they have a problem with with
the president is stuff you can't measure
and everything that you can measure is
going well because they should have that
once they realize that that's true and
I'm sure they'll find some exceptions
but that is basically true let me go let
me go chew on that for a while huh is it
my imagination that all the things you
measure are going wrong all right
somebody else said that another way to
deprogram people quickly yeah this is
something that somebody else has to
their data craft friends
he says you realized that the Democratic
plan is to give your money to an illegal
aliens in the form of free healthcare
and apparently that's enough to
deprogram people on the spot I haven't
tried it so I can't confirm that you can
deprogram somebody on the spot but is
that an unfair characterization of what
at least the more extreme Democrats who
are running for office are saying
because they do want to give free health
care to illegal immigrants and they do
want to open the border so that as many
can come in as what right so the
Democrats plan is literally to give your
money to to poor people in other
countries and not just a little
trillions because if you open the border
and then you have to pay for health care
if everybody who wants to come in how
many people would want to come in to get
some free health care how about all of
them who the hell would stay in Mexico
if there were no border restrictions you
can get free health care in the United
States the entire I want to say this
where that was swearing but sometimes
you just have to swear so let me give
you a little heads up there's gonna be
an obscene word coming so cover the
cover the years of your toddlers who did
not go to school
cover your own ears
you don't want to hear this curse word
that's coming up are you ready
it's the answer to this question how
many people in Mexico would start
walking north to cross the border if
there were no border restrictions and
they could get free health care in the
United States every person say
you have to you sometimes you just have
to use a swear word to make the point
all of them they'd all come here
why wouldn't they would you stay in
Mexico if you could just walk north and
having a better life and free health
care the day the moment you showed up
they'd all come now I think most people
understand that so this little
deprogramming thing is that the
Democrats by policy is that even a hint
there's no hidden agenda here the
Democrats say it directly we want to
give your plea they you pay taxes to
people from other countries it gives the
better lives there's a little less
explicitly what they're saying I'm not
even interpreting they're saying that
directly you can forget every other
element of politics and just say well
I'll just give you this one thing
are you okay with that and by the way it
probably means less healthcare for you
because your money is not infinite all
right I've looked at oh yes so we've got
the so there's a report coming in the
inspector general's report is doing who
knows that's how we're gonna happen I
feel like we've been waiting forever for
this you know Horowitz
inspectors Inspector General's Pro so
there's already leaks so everybody's
trying to look at a time to frame it so
that when the actual news comes out it
will already be pre framed and
everybody's lined it will be made up
before they actually see the information
and so some of the leakers are saying
that there's that it suggests that the
FBI had every reason to spy on the Trump
campaign so that's what the leaks are
telling us to expect but then we're also
being told that you you assume that
these leaks from the the opposite side
that attorney general bar is going to
disagree with the conclusions based on
the same set of facts so I mean so the
rumor is leaked is that bar is going to
look at it and even if the Inspector
General says this is enough to support
what the FBI does did the bar is going
to look at the same data the same report
and say nope don't see it now are either
of those rumors true we don't know who
knows you know that's how rumors work
you know until you know but we'll see
it's good persuasion to get people pre
framed because that's the data won't
matter at all remember I taught you that
we the new world we're facts don't
matter we're watching in real-time as
peoples bides being made of by the leaks
the facts won't change anybody's mind or
you know just about no money there's a
hit article in The New York Times about
Harris is that anti Harris or pro Harris
I haven't seen it all right
how can anyone fathom a crime occurred
how can they fathom that there are so
many crimes that have occurred that
there are kills reasons to impeach this
president that's actually what they
think there there are countless obvious
proven crimes I just don't know of any
somebody's asking Brian is asking you
know will I rerecord my book had a
failed almost everything still went big
in my own voice I'm thinking about it
I'm
thinking about doing that for God's
debris as well so I've built out my
little studio in my house and I need to
use it but I'm thinking of just doing a
sort of a YouTube reading of my book and
gods debris right now it's it's already
an audio book misread by a person who's
good at doing that so maybe I'll do that
and if I did that I would probably just
loosen it on a youtube channel and it
would just be there for free the latest
is that it's impeachable the Trump
refuses to participate in his own defeat
come back you through the studio I can't
walk you through the studio because
there's a surprise in there but you'll
see it eventually all right what about
Biden's beloved leg hair yeah I haven't
talked about that apparently that video
came out 2017 so it's not to do with but
if you haven't seen it it's pretty darn
entertaining it's Joe Biden babbling
about little kids brushing his leg inner
eye that's all you need to know that Joe
Biden was talking about little kids
brushing his leg hair when he was it
when he was shot okay all right so then
he bit his wife's finger onstage because
he thought it was funny
I called him Biden Biden now Joe Biden
oh yeah there's Melania and her coat so
Melania is showing off the holiday
decorations in the White House and the
Washington Post comment on it was that
her coat looked bad yeah
decorations are great but she's got a
bad coat and now I looked at the coat
it's not a bad
it's a really good coke it's an
excellent coat so they they just can't
say anything under bigger ously good
even developable of yeah let me let me
put it this way if you're criticizing
Melania for not being stylish you're on
really shaky ground because have you
ever seen Melania not looking perfectly
particular and stylish no you're not not
even one time and not this time either
so if you're gonna if you could to
criticize suddenly on style I would
think that the minimal requirement is
that you have more style than the person
you're criticizing and that is not the
case I would love to see her a critic at
the Washington Post out in public
let's take a photo on any day all right
here's your outfit now just randomly
let's take a picture of Melania compare
their outfits which one's going to be
more stylish I rest my case
that's all I got for now and I'll talk
to you later bye for now