Uh, might be a good day
ahead. Stock market is
up, so it's a good day to check your
stocks. Let's get our show going
here. Get the comments working.
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take a chance on taking it
up to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains. All you need is a cuper mug or a
glass of tanker chalice a canteen jug or
a
flask a vessel of any kind. Fill it with
your favorite liquid. I like coffee. And
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure, the dopamine hit of the day.
The thing that makes everything better.
It's called the simultaneous sip. And
it's going to happen right now.
Go. That's
good. That's good. Well, happy uh hump
day. Although I'm going to call it Trump
Day cuz the theme of my notes today is
that it feels like everything's going
Trump's way
suddenly. Now, I don't know that that's
true. It might be just a weirdness of
the way the news broke, but there's a
lot of stuff that seems to go pro Trump
suddenly. Let's get into it.
First of all, Trump is teasing us that
uh quote, "We have a big announcement to
make. It's going to be a truly
earthshattering and positive development
for this country and it's not about
trade." Uh what do you think it is? What
would be a truly earthshattering and
positive development that we don't yet
know about and is not about
trade? Could it be the end of a
war? That doesn't feel like that would
be, you know, a positive development for
this country. It'd be good for the
world, but I don't know if he'd say it
that way. Could it
be? Well, I don't know. What do you
think it
is? He's so good at the
show. I don't know. You know, we'll talk
about that. So, we'll talk about all the
the things that are happening, but they
don't seem to fit truly earthshattering
and positive developments for this
country. There's a bunch of things that
could be happening for other countries,
mostly, you know, their benefit. I don't
think it's that. I don't know what it
is. So, we'll
see. Anyway,
um, believe it or not, according to the
National Pulse, the US and the UK are
set to sign a bilateral trade deal. Oh,
here it comes. All right. The first
thing they need to know about all the
announcements of trade
deals, probably they're over they're
exaggerated.
Meaning if if somebody says to you
today, "Hey, we got a trade deal with
fill in the blank whatever country," it
probably means not
really. It probably means that it's
close. It looks like it might happen,
you know, maybe in a month, maybe if we
make some agreements that we haven't
made yet. So, I'm not willing to believe
any of the uh we almost have a trade
deal, but that's the news. Um,
and the early reporting is that the UK
is signed they're they're poised to sign
a bilateral trade agreement, but they
would not accept our our food products.
That's part of the reporting. It's not
confirmed. So, this is unconfirmed
stuff, but uh I wouldn't be surprised if
they say we won't get we won't accept
your food products because it has
hormones in it or whatever. Now,
wouldn't you like an option to buy the
European version of American
food? Would you buy that? So, we've got,
you know, various chemicals and
treatments and hormones and whatever in
our food, and the Europeans use that as
an excuse not to buy our
food. But I would love a section of the
store where it's our food, but it's made
in a way that only Europeans will
accept, so there's no chemicals. I would
buy the European version of American
food, you know, grown in America.
So maybe there's something that good
that will happen to that. Uh, US and
Iran are going to hold the fourth round
of
talks.
And I guess it's good that there's a
fourth round. And there's also some
clarity of what Trump would accept. And
if you combine it with what Rubio said,
um, they're looking for a complete
dismantling of Iran's ability to make a
nuclear weapon. But it looks like
according to Rubio, there might be a
path
uh if Iran agreed, there might be a path
for Iran to have domestic nuclear power,
which would be unfair for us to deny, I
think. So, we'll see there. More on that
in a minute.
Um and then Trump envoy uh Witkoff,
according to Jewish News Syndicate,
um he's hinting that the Abraham Accords
might have a breakthrough that uh that
we could know something about it uh by
next
year. So that would be a like a real
alignment of the Middle East. I I think
a lot of it is just um will you accept
Israel's existence and will will you all
do trade with each other and it looks
positive. So Iran is the big stinker in
the Middle East and we're even
negotiating with them. So that all looks
like it's heading in the right
direction. So you see why I say it's
it's not just hump day today. It might
be Trump Day. So everything is either
teasing that something really good is
coming in a variety of areas from trade
deals to whatever Trump was teasing
about to the Abraham Accords to at least
we're talking to Iran. I mean they're
willing to have a fourth round of talk.
I'm still not super optimistic about
that but better than not
talking. And then uh Trump was teasing
that India might drop all
tariffs. Um then I saw separately that
they might only drop tariffs on auto
parts and
steel. So I would say that story is
unconfirmed and I'd wait a little bit
more for that.
But it does look like India is willing
to do something that we would really
like. You know the the details of that
to be determined.
But we might be looking at trade deals
with the UK and trade deals with
India fairly soon. Now you should
understand that the trade deals are not
really going to be fully you know fully
signed and everything that usually start
with some kind of letter of
understanding. So the letter of
understanding would be well it is our
intention to do this and it's your
intention to do that. Do you agree? But
it's not the deal. The the deal has to
be really detailed and have every kind
of contingency worked into it and that
takes a lot
longer. But uh Trump says that India has
quote already agreed to eliminate all
tariffs on US
goods. I don't know if that's true.
I think Trump might be getting ahead of
himself a little bit on some of the
claims. Let's say it's directionally
true because Trump is usually pretty
good in, you know,
directionality, meaning that we might be
close to a deal or that's how it's going
to turn out or it'll be something like
that. So, that's all positive. Then on
top of
that, you know, I was a I was a little
suspicious whether the Hoodies genuinely
said that they wanted to stop fighting
with the United States and stop bombing
our ships.
And so far it looks like it might be
true because what the hoodies did say is
that they're going to keep attacking
Israel. And if they have the ability to
give a statement that says we're still
going after Israel and vice versa,
Israel is going after
them. That would have been the
opportunity for them to say and we're
still going after everybody or uh or
Trump is lying. we don't really have a
ceasefire deal, but they
didn't.
So, I guess we're uh negotiating with
them through some other country. But it
looks like it's
possible that Trump did something that I
didn't think was
actually possible to do in the real
world. He may have bombed
them into
into exactly what he wanted, which is to
stop bothering us in the Red Sea,
bothering our ships. Now, it almost
seems impossible, doesn't it? It and I
was saying it doesn't look possible to
me. Like, I I didn't have a better idea.
So, you know, maybe it was worth a shot,
but I didn't really see that there would
be some some situation where he would
just bomb the living crap out of Yemen
and then the Hoodies would say, "All
right, you made your point. Yep, we we
surrender. Uh, we're not going to bother
anymore." Did anybody think that would
work?
And we don't know the
details, but it seems to me that, you
know, in Trump's first term, he also had
some wins we weren't expecting against
ISIS, for example. And it was always the
same thing. Like, if you look behind the
curtain and find out why he had some
success that we had not had before, it's
usually because he unleashed the full
lethality of the military and wasn't
much reporting on it.
So, so if what happened is is a HEG
being focused on, you know, lethality
and not focused on trans in the
military. If they just said you can make
your own local decisions, you know, you
don't have to check in if you see a
target because that was a big problem
before. Um, you can go after any site
that looks like it would be productive
for our, you know, our national
interests.
Maybe that's all it took. M maybe the
only thing we really needed to do was
unleash the military's full lethality
and then Yemen said, "Oh, okay. We
weren't expecting
that and we'd better we better
surrender."
Well, in the same time, um, you probably
remember the Israel because they the
Hudis had sent a missile that came close
to Bengurian airport that the, uh,
Israelis
destroyed the port where Yemen was
importing 80% of their food. And, uh, I
think they may have I don't know if they
already destroyed the the the main
airport in Yemen, but that's a pretty
big response.
And it makes sense because Israel can't
really be Israel if they can't have
their own airport because the the
Hoodies might missile attack it at any
minute. So for Israel to respond in what
looks like an over response, taking out
the port that handles 80% of their
food, that's a big response. And taking
out maybe their only
airport, that's a big response.
So, um, we'll see where that
goes. Anyway, so if it's true that Trump
at least got the Hoodies to agree not to
attack the ships in the Red Sea, maybe
except for Israel's ships because they
have something still going on. That
would look like one of the
greatest achievements of his presidency.
It would be quite impressive. I didn't
expect it to happen and I'm I'm not
positive it's happened, but remember
this is a hump day, but it's actually
Trump
Day. So, we're just going to let's just
assume it's real just for today because
it feels
good. Well, allegedly, James O'Keefe is
going to have some kind of story today.
uh that would be the reason that he
disappeared for a while because he was
afraid that he would get
killed. Now, Alex Jones teased that uh
Alex Jones knows some of what the topic
of the story will be, but he doesn't
know the details. And Alex Jones agrees
it's this is
big. Now, has it has it been released
yet? Because sometimes this stuff
happens while I'm talking to you. But
has James O'Keeffe released his newest
story? Uh I have to admit I'm interested
now given that uh you know the nature of
James O'Keefe's stories. Do you think it
will be good for
Trump meaning that it will be something
that shows that there's very bad
behavior by
Democrats or do you think it'll be bad
for Trump because it would go after some
Republican thing?
Well, if you look at
history, you you would probably assume
that whatever it is that James O'Keefe
is up to, you know, if he drops his
story today, it's probably bad for
Democrats, which would mean it's a
perfect story for Trump Day. Yeah. Not
hump day, Trump Day.
Um, now on the uh scarier side of
things, you probably heard that India
did an attack on Pakistan that was in
response to um a Pakistani militant
attack that killed 26 people in
India. And of course, this is a
long-term thing that's been simmering
forever. and occasionally there's some
some action back and forth but uh they
are both nuclear nuclear countries and
these are bigger attacks than what we
normally
see and I guess Pakistan is already
responding to India's response so with
some artillery but artillery seems like
maybe
a you know could have been worse I think
India was sending in missiles
And if the response is artillery, it
would feel like they're just making sure
that India didn't get a free punch. So,
I'm not sure they're escalating. They
may have just said, "All right, all
right. You did this, we did that. You
know, let's get a go." So, I'm not
afraid of that yet. And I don't think
that that has anything to do with Trump
at the moment. There's nothing he can do
about it.
Um, speaking of Trump,
um, he's escalated his public calls for
military action against the, uh, Mexican
cartels and he said that he had made an
offer on Monday to the, uh, Mexican
president and uh, this this is what he
said about the president of
Mexico. Now, I ask you, would any other
president ever use these
words? There's some things that that
Trump does so
perfectly that it doesn't look like a
president should even do this stuff, but
when you just sort of look at it, you
go, that's sort of perfect. This is what
Trump said about the shine bomb, the
Mexican president. Quote, she is so
afraid of the cartel, she can't even
think straight.
She is so afraid of the cartels she
can't even think
straight. Now the funny thing about that
is it rings true, doesn't it? Like when
you hear that you think, okay, that's
you just got to the center of it. She
must be afraid of the cartels. We all
knew that, right? That's not news. But
when you add the the she can't even
think
straight, it probably is because when he
talks to her, he's talking about, you
know, solving the cartel problem and
she's not responding like she wants to
solve it. You know, that would look like
she's not thinking straight. So, I I
just love that framing that she was so
afraid of the cartel, she can't even
think straight.
So, uh, now that, uh, Trump has moved
our military, um, to a lot of locations
on the border with
Mexico, I think it's causing some of the
cartels to have to arrange their
business differently. And I guess the
cartels are fighting each other, which I
always wonder if we're behind that. Do
you ever wonder if we're behind that?
Like, wouldn't it be easier for us to
get the cartels to fight each other than
it would be for us to fight them? So, I
always wonder, do we send some
information to one that sort of suggests
maybe they should fight with the other
one? I don't know. We should. If we're
not doing that, we're missing a obvious
move. Anyway, so my question is this. Do
you think Trump would ever attack the
cartels in
Mexico without approval of the president
of
Mexico? Now, uh, one
possibility is that he could give her
deniability. So she could continue to
say, "No, you are definitely not allowed
to use your
military, but then we could maybe use
the
military." And then she could say, "I
told you not to use the military. Uh,
we'll do everything we can in our power
to stop you from using your military." I
mean, they're not going to attack our
military. That would be suicide. So
maybe there's a good cop bad cop
situation where the president of Mexico,
Shine Bomb, can pretend that she's
opposed to
it while letting it happen. Well, not
letting it happen. What the hell could
she do really? Because she's not going
to turn the Mexican military on the US
military. I mean, that would just be
insane.
So, I think that they would stand down
and they would just complain a
lot, but maybe they'd be getting what
they wanted, which is the cartels
getting whacked. Here's what I
predict. I predict that after a given
amount of time, and it might not be
right away, that there will be a limited
attack
um probably by drone. So, not with boots
on the ground, but by drone on a cartel
facility. Maybe a maybe a
military, you know, maybe they will find
the cartel has a ammo dump or something
and it will go after it because it's
really just
military and it'll be a test and then
Shine Bomb will say, "Damn it, I told
you to keep your military out of our
country. You can't do that again.
whatever you do, don't do that again.
And then we'd see how bad it was and
we'd be like, "All right, that wasn't so
bad. Maybe we'll try it again." So, I
think Trump is likely
to test it
out and uh see what the public reaction
is. See what the see what the Mexican
public thinks because I'm not sure what
the Mexican public would think. Would
the Mexican public really be angry if we
took in a cartel
facility? Or would they say, "Okay, you
know, we're not supporting the cartel,
but you can't do that in our country."
Or would they say,
"Finally, finally, cuz our own
government won't do this. Finally,
somebody's going to take on the
cartels." Which would they do? Probably
a little of both, right? There's always
people on both sides of everything. I
don't
know. In related news, one American news
is reporting that uh Bondi has announced
one of the largest fentinel seizures
seizures in US history. And they also
captured a um one of the Sinaloa cartel
leaders who I believe was in the United
States operating somewhat freely in the
United States. Now, largest one of the
largest fentinel seizures, it came with
a bunch of other drugs as well, but you
shouldn't get excited about large
fentinel
seizures because the ability of the
cartels to just make more large
fentinel shipments is really high right
now. So if you, you know, if you get a
million pills, they just say, "All
right, we're gonna have to work overtime
tonight, make another million pills."
It's not the biggest problem in the
world. And I think it's all sort of
factored into the cartel business model.
Okay, we're going to have a certain
amount of very large
captures. So they just make sure they
make enough that the large captures
don't change the nature of what they're
doing.
So, I don't think that's going to help
too much, but it's better than not, you
know, it's better than not catching
them. Well, apparently,
uh, Scott Basant, Treasury Secretary,
and, uh, our trade representative Greer
are going to meet with the Chinese, um,
uh, what would you call them? Sort of a
trade. They're not really a trade
delegation, but they're sort of capacity
at the moment in Switzerland. Now, that
turned out to be the perfect solution
because China didn't want to look like
it was, you know, anybody's
um slave. So, if we had said to them,
hey, let's talk, and then we said the
place that we're going to talk, then
China would say, you can't push us
around. we're not going to go where you
want us to go. So what we found was a
place they were going to be anyway. They
were going to be in Switzerland for
other business. So then Bent says,
"Well, why don't I just meet you in
Switzerland?" Could that be more
perfect? No. I mean, Switzerland being
famous for being
unaligned and they're going to be there
anyway.
So it's just the perfect opening to have
the conversation about you know how do
we talk about trade. Now you should not
expect that any agreements will be made
um except agreements to make agreements
basically but uh they'll be talking on
Saturday and
Sunday and Bent is trying to you know um
trying to make sure that you curb your
enth enthusiasm about what's possible.
He said, "We're going to agree about
what we're going to talk about." And
then he says, "My sense is that it will
be about deescalation, not about big
trade deals." So deescalation would mean
that we say something like, "Okay, we
intend to do trade talks. We intend to.
So in the meantime, can we drop some of
these tariffs?"
So
maybe, you know, and then China would
not feel like they're being, you know,
under duress. They would feel like
they're negotiating with a with a peer,
which is what they've asked for. So it
looks like there's a path. Um, and it
looks like everybody knows what the path
is, which is first you
deescalate. You treat them like a peer,
not like somebody that you're pushing
around. So far so good. And you know the
thing that Trump did is he made it at
everybody's top priority. Without that,
I don't think anything would be
happening. So Trump gets the win for
making it a top priority. And then the
market has to deal with the fact that
the thing they were most afraid of is
that China, you know, our China trade
deals would go off the rails. Everything
would be bad. And that would be bad for
the market. But now you can see that
there might be a fairly reasonable path,
which is first you meet and agree upon
what you're going to talk about.
Probably you talk more about
deescalating instead of a whole trade
deal. And then everybody goes, "Phew,
we've got 90 days or maybe to the end of
the year or whatever they need. And in
that time, we're going to talk about all
those trade related things and tariffs
and IP theft and everything else that
were bothered uh by China. And then the
markets are going to say, "All
right, it looks looks like a step in the
right direction." And that's why I call
it Trump Day instead of hump day.
Um, according to just the news, Tulsi
Gabbard, the uh
DNI has uh released uh a fully
unredacted version of a uh Biden memo
directing federal uh law enforcement to
go after noncriminals in the United
States. Just think about that.
There was a Biden
memo authorizing federal law
enforcements, this is four years ago, to
target Americans who are engaged in, now
remember, none of these are
illegal. So they were they were uh
authorized to go after Americans engaged
in uh concerning noncriminal
behavior, noncriminal
um in the name of fighting domestic
terrorism.
So with a specific eye and those serving
in the military,
what they're they're going to especially
look at people just serving
patriotically in the
military really.
Um people who own
firearms,
what people who legally own firearms are
going to be targets of law enforcement.
um or spreading what officials consider
to be xenophobic
disinformation.
What xenophobic
disinformation? I feel like you could
put a lot in that that
bucket.
Unfreakingbelievable. It was a June 2021
memo. So now you understand uh why the
FBI was monitoring conservative
Catholics and parents who protested
against school
boards and
uh I mean it's just this is just head
shaking. Now this is the sort of news
that won't make it onto the major media
news, right? So Democrats will never
hear this news.
But do you think Democrats would be
happy knowing that Biden had ever
authorized
uh federal law enforcement to go after
people who were explicitly not accused
of any
crime? Not accused of any crime and also
not accused of preparing for a
crime as far as I can
tell. Unbelievable. But of course, you
know, good for Trump. So, it's another
another good for Trump thing.
Um, the Daily Wire is doing an
investigation into the African
Development
Foundation, which is one of those uh
organizations that Doge tried to
penetrate. And when Doge went after
them, uh, the African Development
Foundation CFO refused to let them see
the books. and uh tried to lock them out
and file a
lawsuit. And you say to yourself, "Well,
that's pretty aggressive. Why would the
CFO try so hard to deny Doge looking at
their books?" Well, it turns out there's
a reason. The CFO had been steering,
allegedly, had been steering fake
contracts to a friend of his who then
wired cash back to the CFO.
Oh
god, everything is exactly what you
thought it
was. You thought these these various uh
charitable groups and NOS's you thought
that they looked like money laundering
operations because they didn't have any
you there was no real audit trail for
anything. It was exactly what it looked
like. It was exactly what it looked
like. It was just gigantic money
laundering
theft.
Unfreakingbelievable. But again, it
makes uh the Trump administration look
like the honest ones who were, you know,
fighting crime and makes it look like
the uh the Biden administration either
wasn't good at finding and fighting
crime or they were in on it.
So again, it's not just hump day today,
it's Trump day. Everything's going his
way. Um, then meanwhile, Joe Biden did a
BBC interview. Did any of you see a clip
from that? So Biden decides that he'll
talk to the BBC. Now, maybe that's
because all the American media is
pretending that they're mad at him for
his insiders not telling telling anybody
that he was mentally
deficient. So, is that why he's talking
to a foreign
press because, you know, he doesn't have
that friction with them? I don't know
it. But it was a bad idea because Biden
looks completely mentally deficient in
the
interview. And you know, you sort of
forget how much we got used to. Now, I
don't forgive anybody for not being able
to see it because it was still pretty
damn obvious for the entire term of
Biden's uh well, even before he got in
office, it was obvious. But when you see
it again after you haven't seen it for a
few months because we've been sort of
denied any uh Biden spontaneous
comments, you know, we've only seen him
read a speech, but when he tries to talk
on his
own, oh my
god, how in the world did we put up with
that for so long? So that was a total
failure, which is good for Trump on hump
day. That's now Trump
Day. Well, in other news that doesn't
have to do with Trump, uh uh the UK is
going wild in a good way. Uh with AI
powered, uh
scans. So apparently they've got a new
uh AI powered 3D heart imaging that 56
hospitals have that's going to turn
routine CT scans into precise
personalized coronary maps. So
apparently it's going to replace a lot
of work that doctors would do, but it'll
do a an even better diagnosis than the
doctor. And they're already rolling it
out. So I feel like one of the biggest
things that's going to happen and maybe
Trump will just get lucky because he
happens to be in office when this just
coincidentally happens is I think
there's going to be this
enormous
cost-saving trend in healthcare.
Now, you know, maybe it'll start in
other countries and spread to us, but
think of all the things that AI could do
and robots could
do that uh we haven't quite
implemented. For example, I'm pretty
sure that robots can do surgery better
than human surgeons.
Now, I wouldn't personally want to go
under the knife with a robot doctor.
Um, but I could probably get used to it,
you know, if I saw enough science to say
it's better. But I'd need a human to be
watching. You know, I' I'd want the uh
the surgeon, even if it's in a different
country, you know, they could be eating
a sandwich and playing a video game, but
every once in a while, I'd like them to
look at what the robot doctor is doing
to say, "No, no, that's the wrong organ.
No, no, no. Uh, he's here for a heart
problem. Uh, you're taking out his
kidney. Stop doing that."
So if if the AI is better at
imaging and we can reduce the cost of
imaging, which I think is a it seems
likely, doesn't it? Doesn't it seem to
you that the cost of these big CT and
PET scans and all those things, doesn't
it feel like the natural direction for
those would be much lower cost over time
because we'll innovate and there'll be a
better way to do it, etc. So, I'm
thinking that the diagnosis part of
medicine is going to get real cheap
because of AI and
startups. And then I'm thinking that the
uh
treatment in many cases will also get a
lot
cheaper. Um the hard part will be the
hospital
stays. So, here's just a question I was
noodling on.
If you have a hospital, you have to be
ready for pretty much anything that that
could happen, right? So, you're ready
for every kind of possibility. So, you
need to have every machine, which
probably means a lot of your equipment
is sitting around idle. I'm just
guessing. So, I don't know anything
about this industry. So what would
happen
hypothetically if uh startups started
doing you know little hospital functions
where they only do one thing. So let's
say for example there's a mini hospital
that pops up that only does hip
replacement
surgery because probably there's a a
certain set of machines that you use
just for that and then you can make sure
that you have real specialists who are
just good at that. Wouldn't it be
cheaper? you know, wouldn't you be able
to get all kinds of uh, you know,
efficiencies if you only worked on the
one thing? And there's plenty of them. I
mean, you wouldn't run out of, you know,
hip surgery possibilities. So, I'm just
wondering if there's some way that the
whole hospital thing could be
rethought so that the more, you know,
the common problems, if you, you know,
if they're not life-threatening, the
life-threatening stuff, you just have to
be ready for everything. But if it's
just a ordinary surgery, couldn't you
have a place that just is specializing
in that and it would be cheaper? I don't
know. Maybe. But I think healthc care
costs have some possibility going down.
Um, apparently, uh, former Google CEO
Eric
Schmidt is one of the backers of a, uh,
startup called Future House, and they've
just released an AI agent for discovery
in
biology. Now, it's currently in beta,
but apparently it can do uh, open-ended
and directed data analysis. So if you
give it a whole bunch of data, it can
look for whatever you tell it to look
for, but it can also look at the data
and just see if it finds anything that
might be interesting that you didn't
know to ask for. Now, that would be be
amazing. But here's my
question. So,
[Music]
um, so I'm seeing Adam dopamine says the
healthcare isn't expensive because of
doctors. That's true. it is expensive
because the government killed the free
market for health
care.
Um, I'm open to that argument. That's an
area I don't know enough about, but it
wouldn't surprise me if the Trump
administration can sign some executive
orders to make uh the healthcare market
more
competitive. So, you know, maybe that's
coming. Anyway, so my question is this.
We've had AI for a while now. Has AI
ever come up with a genuine
insight in any
domain? Now, is that and is that what
this uh this biology based a AI agent is
going to do? So, it's an AI agent for
discovery in biology. So, it's going to
be zipping through
data. Is it going to come up with its
own like great insights that we didn't
know to ask it to look
for? Because I've not heard of any
example where where somebody said, "You
know what? I can't believe how dumb we
were. We've been looking at this data
forever and until we turned the AI onto
it, we didn't realize that we were
sitting on the answer to our problems.
We just weren't asking the right
questions." Has that happened even
once? I don't know. So, it's making me
wonder if AI can ever do that or or at
least, you know, the current technology
of AI.
I I feel like by now we would have seen
all these great insights and it would
be, you know, it would be posting on X
better than Naval and uh it'd be saying
things that you knew were good for you,
but if it hadn't framed it that way, you
weren't going to do anything about it. I
mean, just think of some of the things
that I've
done. For example, uh you know, if
you're new to me, this will sound weird,
but those of you who have been here for
a while, it won't sound weird. So, how
many of you have heard me say something
or write something in one of my books
that caused you to change your life,
either lose weight or stop drinking or
exercise more, build a talent stack or
do systems over goals. Now, those are
those are insights. Those are, you know,
reframes in some case, but basically
they're designed to make you see
something that was sort of always
there. It's just that I saw it
differently. And in seeing it
differently, or even just putting it in
different words, I could turn your
general desire to improve into you
actually doing things and then you would
actually improve. Now, that is a genuine
insight. Has AI done
anything that would cause people to go,
"Whoa, that, you know, there's a new way
of thinking. I I'm going to try that
out. See how it works." I don't think
so. So, it makes me wonder if there's
any kind of cap on that that AI can't
get
past. We'll find out.
Well, Scott Jennings, who continues to
be the uh star of
CNN, he was talking about what I would
call the half opinion of Democrats. Now,
that's my word, the half opinion, but uh
he says, "Ask a liberal for their trade
strategy and they'll say a lot of words
that essentially translate into, uh, let
China keep eating our lunch."
Now that's you know his own take on it
which is
funny but it's right if you say well
what should we do about the fact that
China has unfair trade practices? Well
we shouldn't do a tariff
war. Okay so that if we don't do the
tariff
war then they just keep eating our
lunch. Well but tariffs are bad. Okay, I
hear you. But if we don't do the
tariffs, you're okay with us just
continuing to be robbed. It's like they
can't really consider the the full
picture, but uh you see that you see
that
continuously in the differences of
opinions that the that the Democrats
have half opinions. Um, I would say that
Gaza, you know, the people who want
Israel to stop dominating Gaza, also a
half opinion. Now, no matter what you
think about the the ethics or the
morality of what's going on over there,
I I just stay out of that completely
because that's not my domain. Um, you
have to admit that if you say, "I want
the the killing to stop," you're sort of
ignoring half of the question, which is,
"What would happen if the killing
stopped? Would they just reconstitute
Hamas after a while and then Israel got
nothing out of all that
devastation?" That's not really an
opinion. It's half an opinion. Uh, I
want people to stop
fighting. Not really an opinion. It's
halfway
there. Anyway, same with uh Doge using a
scalpel. Um, what would what would
happen if Doge had tried to do things
the normal way that people try to do
things? How how would that go? They
would walk in and they'd say, "We'd like
to have access to all your books and uh
see what we can cut in your
organization, but of course, we're going
to do it the right way. So, we would
like to check with you leaders of this
group uh to make sure that we're not
doing anything that's inappropriate."
And then the leader says, "Oh, good.
That's exactly what you should be doing.
And by the way, there's nothing here
that could be
cut." None of that would work.
So, if you don't like the chainsaw with
the break your first and then fix it if
if you have
to, you're not really talking about the
real world. It's a half pinion. My half
opinion is we should not do anything
that's a mistake. Okay. Yeah. You
wouldn't do
anything if you never wanted to make a
mistake. That that just doesn't work for
any
domain, you know.
All
right. So, here's a here's something
I've noticed as a general
trend. Republicans try to do
policy and
Democrats play with the
rules. And I'm going to give you some
examples of that. So, here's the theme.
The theme is that Republicans try to fix
actual
problems and Democrats not having a
better idea for fixing
problems try to use the the rules. They
game the
rules. Here's some examples. The
elections. So, the Democrats have just
wildly gamed the the election laws to
make legal uh voting without ID and
voting from home and and a whole bunch
of things. But all of this seems to be
rules related. The Republicans are more
like they just want a fair
election, but then the Democrats are all
about let's play with these rules. What
about uh the the Maryland dad? The
Republicans just want to get rid of
somebody who's looks to be an MS-13 bad
guy. They just want less crime, fewer
criminals. What do the Democrats
complain about? The process. They're
going to talk about the
process. How about the uh we were just
talking about Doge.
um they wanted to complain about the
process of
Doge, whereas the Republicans were, can
we just get in there and cut all of this
garbage and if we cut too much, somebody
will scream and we'll fix it, which is
what they
did. And and meanwhile, the Democrats
are just trapped on process. Yeah, but
you should have used a
scalpel, which means nothing really.
What about the uh Trump's tariffs and
trade
wars? Same thing. Trump says, "We're
getting ripped off. I'm going to stop
it." So, he does a very big move to, you
know, do these wild, you know, tariff
reciprocity and more. And, uh, he's
going after the problem. The problem is
the countries are ripping us off and
they're not paying attention to us when
we say stop ripping us off. Now they're
paying attention. So he's getting close
to a solution. So what do the Democrats
do? They complain about the way he's
doing it. Again, it's not about the
solution, it's about the way he's doing
it. Um, and of course they complained
endlessly about Trump's
personality, which has nothing to do
with
anything. And, uh, there's the
lawfare. The lawfare is not about really
having a, you know, better country or
fixing crime. It's about manipulating
the
law to to win basically. So again, it's
about manipulating the rules and the law
and the, you know, the the standards
basically going after a president with
every every possible way you can with
these lawfare things. That's
new. What about all the censorship
attempts that we learned about with the
Twitter files and we learned about with
this latest uh Biden memo that came out?
Again, instead of just having, you know,
free speech, which would be a sort of a
Republican goal, free speech, they go
after all the rules. They find these
clever ways to build NOS's and and you
know, have have the uh the external
forcing uh or our
external processes turned internally so
that we can censor Americans. Again,
playing with the rules. What about the
fake
news? Again, it's not about what's real
in the real world. It's about a
narrative. So, that people don't know
exactly what's real, but they're playing
with the the rules of the the fake news
basically. What about all these
NOS's again creating a whole
rules-based structure that they can hide
money and get stuff done that maybe
nobody wanted done? What about all those
Soros prosecutors? Again, it's playing
with the rules. What about uh climate
change being a driver of
everything? Playing with the rules.
um where the the better goal would have
been let's get as much energy as
possible. Um, I think I think Doug
Bergamo was the one who explained it
really well recently that even if you
think that we need to get to a point
where there's less CO2 in the
atmosphere, even if you believe you have
to get there, Bergam correctly says the
only way you could ever get there is
through um technical innovation. And the
only way we're going to survive to get
to a point with technical innovation at
that level is if we have tons of energy
right now from every way we can get it
because AI in particular will be sucking
up that energy. So AI might be actually
the technology that determines how real
any of the climate stuff is. And if it
is real and has to be solved, probably
would be the technology that figures out
the best way to do
it. So in general, Republicans try to
get some policy done and Democrats try
to game the rules. It's just so
consistent. It's it's weird.
Well, meanwhile in my state there's a uh
an estimate by Kenneth well by the
center square that's what's writing
about it. There's a new study from the
University of Southern California,
uh, Michael Meech, and he's looked at
what is likely to be California gas
prices by the end of
2026. And that would be after the uh,
two refineries that say they're going to
close have closed. And that would be
1/5if of our state's refining capacity.
So currently we have the nation's
highest gas prices,
$4.78 per gallon, which by the way is
cheaper than I've seen anywhere. So I
haven't seen 478 on a sign, but I don't
get out much. So may maybe I haven't
seen anything under five. So I don't
know if that's my local area or it
changed recently and I just haven't had
gotten gas in a month.
But the estimate is that California gas
by the end of
2026 will cost
$844 per
gallon based on the things that we know
are going to happen. Not based on weird
speculation, but based on things that we
already know are definitely going to
happen. Uh our state is so pathetic.
Here are a few things that we don't get
to have in our state. A movie
business. Remember when California had a
movie business? Can you believe that we
destroyed the entire film and movie
business? We completely owned that and
it's completely dead because of taxes
and basically bad management.
We're not going to have gas because, you
know, half of the half of the citizens
won't be able to afford gas if it's
$844. We don't have fire
insurance and we don't have fire
mitigation. So, it's more important to
have fire insurance than ever. Um, we
don't have safety on the streets or in
the
stores. We don't have electricity when
it's windy.
Let me say that again if you didn't know
that we don't have
electricity when it gets
windy. That's because the wind might
blow some power lines down and and start
a fire. That's a real thing in Southern
California. Um I don't think it's hit me
in Northern California yet, but it
could. When the wind reaches a certain
level, they turn off the electricity in
my
state.
Um, and for all of that, we have the
highest state
taxes and unaffordable
homes. So, that's that's what California
got for you. Good job, California.
Anyway,
um, and then here's some news from the
brighter side of news. Joshua Shva is
writing about this. So, there's some new
research. Uh, one of the things I enjoy
is making a prediction years before it
could come true and then knowing it's
going to be true and then just watching
it
develop. Now, here's here's just one
that makes me laugh. There's new
research that reveals that plants absorb
31% more CO2 than previously thought.
Now, now suppose this is
true. How good are those climate models
if they got if they got plant absorption
of CO2 off by
31%. Do you think that they put those
100 variable climate
models, everything was fine, uh but they
had this one little thing and if they
just tweak that then it'll be just just
right.
So, the the thing I've been saying on
social media for a while that just
always makes me laugh whenever I see a
story like this, I always say, "Wait
until you find out about the climate
models." In my opinion, there's a 100%
chance that sometime, probably in your
lifetime, there will be a
whistleblower. And the whistleblower
will be somebody who worked with climate
models and will be maybe done with that
industry or you know maybe they're just
brave and they're going to come out and
they're going to say all right the
climate models are not real. How do I
know? I made climate models. What do you
mean they're not real? Okay, we were
just guessing. If you tweak anything,
you could get any number you want. Every
now and then we would produce a an
estimate that was outside the zone that
the industry would allow. So we just
tweaked it so it was in the zone.
There's going to be a whistleblower on
on the climate models. You wait for
that. I guarantee it. It's it's the most
predictable thing in the world because I
think everybody who's worked with any
kind of prediction
models I think we all and which I have
in the financial realm not in the
climate realm but it's the same the same
thing once you add a certain number of
variables to a prediction model it's
completely
useless. You can't you can't predict the
future and nobody's ever figured out to
predict the future with you know a
hundred
variables. So just wait till you find
out when the whistleblower appears. It's
coming. According to modernity, Steve
Watson is writing that uh CBS News did a
piece about China that almost seems like
CBS wants China to win the trade war. So
CBS News sent a correspondent over to
the manufacturing fair in
China. And uh the the theme of the
report was that the poor uh the poor
factory workers and manufacturing people
in China were being punished uh for
quote being good at exporting their
products. So, we're punishing the
Chinese, the poor Chinese workers for
simply being good at what they
do. Um, so, and it's terribly unfair and
what we're doing to China is very mean.
That's CBS
News. All right.
Um, according to the National
Pulse, there are some medium-sized
companies, manufacturing companies that
are just swamped with new business in
America because people are looking for
alternatives to Chinese products. So, in
some cases, there are things we don't
make in America.
In other cases, there are things we do
make that maybe were a little more
expensive than the Chinese version, but
with the tariffs, um, they're they're
just doing great business right now. So
for example uh US manufacturers such as
Jurgens, Grand River, Rubber and
Plastic, Safe Source Direct, Acurrounds,
Whirlpool, and Excel Dryer. They're all
reporting just businesses booming
because they're American businesses and
and they were doing something that China
was doing a little bit cheaper, but
maybe not now.
So, this is sort of a
hidden a hidden benefit because these
are not the biggest companies, but
they're uh they're located in various
places, Ohio, Illinois, Massachusetts,
and Michigan, and they're just doing
booming work. And
that is your hump day. That's really
Trump Day.
Well, I don't know if you saw the clips
of uh Prime Minister Carney of Canada
meeting with Trump, but it was very
interesting. So, Trump managed to
balance the fact, you know, that we have
this friction with Canada with the fact
that his charisma is so strong that he
can make uh Prime Minister Carney sort
of smile and have a good time while he's
telling him he wants to take over his
country.
and he actually pulled it off which is
funny.
Um so Carney tried to frame the idea
that you know Canada would ever become a
the 51st state of the United States. He
he said uh that Canada is not for
sale. So he said it very well. He said
some things are never for sale and you
know Canada will never be for sale. But
when did we say we wanted to buy
them? I don't recall that. I think Trump
was just saying it just makes more sense
we would be one country. He didn't say
we want to buy
you. And and I would agree there's no
price. So yeah, I would agree with
Carney. Canada is not for sale and it
should not be for
sale. But Trump calls it a potential
marriage.
a marriage where two people say, "You
know what? This would be a good deal for
both of us." That's a completely
different
frame. So, uh, and then Trump reinforces
the fact that they're getting $200
billion a year of free military
protection from the United
States. Uh, I don't know if that's a
real number, but it's one he's using.
And that would be something that
wouldn't be unfair if we were part of
the same country. And then you wouldn't
have to worry about any tariffs on
anything because we'd be part of the
same
country. And maybe the cost of
government, you know, may be reduced
because instead of two entirely
different governments, maybe you just
have one.
Now, I'm not going to say that this is
likely that Canada and the US will have
a marriage and become one, but
um right in front of the entire world
after Carney says in front of the press
that Canada is not for sale, Trump just
shrugs and he goes, "Never say
never." And then he says, "I've had many
many things that were not doable and and
ended up being doable." And I thought to
myself, okay, that really is
true. There's nobody I know more than
Trump, except maybe Elon Musk, who's
taken on things that everybody knew were
undoable and sort of made it work. You
know, closing the border was undoable,
but he did it. Becoming president the
first time was undoable, but he did it.
Becoming president the second time was
undoable, but he did it.
um getting the hoodies to stop attacking
the ships seemed undoable, but he did
it. So, he does have a track record of
doing the undoable. It it's hard to it's
hard to deny him that.
Um but I would say that uh and there's
also reports that Carney privately asked
uh Trump to stop talking about making
Canada the 51st state. And I agree.
I agree. We should stop talking about
making Canada the 50 for a state and we
should adopt Trump's newer model if you
wanted any kind of a marriage to happen
there. Uh to talk about it more like a
marriage meaning that it would happen if
both sides say you know what this is a
good
idea. And at the moment there's no
proposition on the table that Canada
could look at and say, "Oh, actually, if
that's what you're talking about, that
wouldn't be a bad idea at all." So,
there's nothing really for Canada to
look at at this point. It's just it just
feels like Trump
is Trump is just making the
impossible seem like maybe. And I think
he's actually pulled it off because if
you asked me a few months ago, what are
the odds that US and Canada would become
one country? I would have said, come on,
that's not going to happen. There's no
scenario in which they're going to sell
the country or yeah, no, that's not
going to happen. If you ask me today,
I'd say,
huh, probably
not, but it's not impossible.
So Trump pulled that off. He he
actually changed my mind from completely
ridiculous to, huh, I don't know, you
know, you you could imagine there's a
scenario in which there's a proposition
that's just so good for Canada, maybe
lowers their
taxes. I don't know. I mean that our
systems are different enough that it
would be a massive transition or problem
if we ever did it. And you'd have to
figure out a way that it didn't make
them look like the little, you know, the
little uh partner that's being dragged
along, but rather, you know, they they
they got their full respect. And uh I
think it could be done. I'm not gonna
I'm not going to predict it will be
done, but the fact that he turned it
from this is ridiculous to
maybe is pretty
impressive. Well, I guess Trump's also
issued some or is expecting to issue
some executive orders. Zero Edge is
reporting on this. Actually, Axio has
reported on it first, I think. um to
accelerate the deployment of nuclear
reactors, mostly getting rid of the
regulatory burden.
Now, that's a big
deal. Um I thought that something like
that had been worked on before, but not
through the president's office. I think
maybe the, you know, the energy
department or something had been trying
to reduce regulations, but maybe they
didn't get there.
So if we get to the point where we can
make the small nuclear reactors and just
approve a few
designs, then we could just say, "All
right, as long as it's this design, just
go wild and and make a bunch of them."
You know, the smaller reactors, that's
probably where the big win is. So, this
again is another
potentially gigantically
important thing that Trump could do that
nobody else did. Reducing the
regulations for nuclear power
plants.
Um, it's uh it's Trump Day.
CNN's uh polling data guy Harry Anton
was talking about uh Trump and how he's
doing on crime and apparently Trump is
doing well on crime and doing quote far
better than Joe Biden who was so far
underwater Anton said that my goodness
he was setting records at minus 26
points you rarely ever see it. So
apparently Biden was so bad on crime
that he set records for being bad on
crime. And and then Trump ran on Law and
Order and it was one of the reasons he
got
elected and now he's uh uh he's now plus
two net approval rating on that. But
here, listen to this. uh and said if we
go back to uh March of
2024, all right, so that's a year ago,
March of
2024, Trump was underwater on crime at
minus13 and he got all the way back and
now so he's doing 15 points better than
he was a year ago in terms of how people
are viewing him on crime. you know, one
of the main things that the public cares
about. And uh and and then Enton
mentions something that we've been
talking about. He said the Alcatraz idea
uh was a way to focus the public on the
fact that Trump is the anti-rime guy.
Exactly. Exactly. So even Harry Inon
completely gets Trump at this point that
maybe Alcatraz is a place that could end
up being, you know, a prison maybe. But
even if it doesn't, the fact that he put
it in your head makes you think, "Oh,
that Trump is the anti-rime guy." I
mean, Biden never would have done that.
So Alcatraz doesn't have to happen. It
just has to inhabit your brain. And sit
next to Trump is strong on crime. Yeah,
he must be strong on crime. He's trying
to turn Alcatraz into a, you know, into
a place to handle more
criminals. So, uh, I love the fact that
even Harry Anton completely understands
that that play.
Um, Columbia University, one of the
universities that was losing federal
funding because they didn't do enough
about anti-semitism at their school. Uh,
they lost 400 million in federal funding
and now they're going to lay off 180
staff members that do administrative
stuff. Do you think that maybe they had
180 too many staff members anyway?
Don't you think that maybe they won't
even notice the difference if 180 staff
members go away? I feel like that might
be less of a, you know, less of a
problem than it sounds like on paper.
Um, so they probably only cut the fat
out. And a lot of a lot of the federal
funding for quote research at these
schools, I think most of the money
actually just went to
um administrative
stuff and and very little of it as a
percentage went to the actual
research.
So, I don't know. It seems like it's
moving in the right
direction. Now, you've heard this story
before, but it's getting weirder. Uh,
Senator
uh what is his name? Uh, Tillis. So,
Senator Tom Tillis, he's opposing the
confirmation or nomination of Ed Martin
for the job of the US Attorney for the
District of Columbia.
Now, what you need to know is that the
the person who's in that job as US
attorney for the District of Columbia is
going to be in charge of some of the
most important stuff because it's
DC. So, whoever is in that position is
going to have tremendous
um influence on the world. If he doesn't
get confirmed, it's possible that
because of the weird way that DC works,
Judge Boseberg would be the one who
appoints the
replacement. So, we could go from the
friendliest of the mega Trump people
that you could have, Ed Martin, to the
worst thing that could ever
happen. And it could happen because Tom
Tillis doesn't like Ed Martin. So, I
asked myself, as does the news, what is
it that Tillis has against Ed Martin?
Well, you've heard
before that he doesn't like the fact
that Ed Martin uh well, he doesn't like
his views on January 6. So, let me give
you a little bit more about that. So,
Tillis, this is according to reporting,
uh, he doesn't like the fact that Ed
Martin might pursue the Federection
idea, the fact that the Feds were maybe
a little too active in causing the
events of January 6. That is unconfirmed
at this point, but uh, if Ed Martin
thinks it's worth looking into and
Tillis does not, that would be a
difference.
Um, Ed Martin was a little more
favorable to the pardons of the January
6 people where Tillis thinks they should
have all been in jail if they violated
the law.
um and
uh doesn't like his involvement in the
stop the seal steel movement which had
baseless claims of election
fraud and
um Tillis said uh he he might support
Martin for a role that wasn't the DC
district but not in Washington he said
where the January 6th events occurred
citing that as a friction but then he
also goes on He doesn't like Martin's
quote lack of
prosecut prosectoral experience and
controversial actions such as failing to
disclose over 150 appearances on Russian
state media and sending threatening
letters to political opponents. Now,
here's a little uh rule that I learned a
long time ago, and I've I've mentioned
it before of how to detect a lie.
If somebody says, "Oh, I sorry I'm late.
Traffic was bad." That might be true
because there's one reason. If somebody
says, "Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. Traffic
was bad and my car got a flat tire and
uh I had the wrong time on my
calendar." That's a little less likely
to be
true. People who have real reasons
usually have one. There's like one good
reason. But when you start throwing the
entire, you know, the entire laundry
basket at it, it's like, well, I'd be
okay with him being um in this job if it
were not Washington DC. And then he
throws in the lack of prosectorial
experience, which would be the opposite
of his earlier point. His earlier point
would being, oh, he'd be perfectly fine
for some place not Washington DC, but
then he says he has a lack of
prosectoral experience, which would
suggest that he thinks he's not
qualified for those other places that
are not
DC. Right? So, there's something that
just smells a little wrong about the
reasons he's
giving. And then there's what this one
about 150 appearances on Russian state
media. So that would be RT. I'm pretty
sure the the outlet RT. Now RT is
definitely Russian state media. There's
no doubt about it. But I too have
appeared on RT. Um not recently but
during the the first uh election cycle
for Trump. And I remember, you know, I
was getting lots of requests because I
had a different take on Trump, that he
was persuasive. So RT would often invite
me on and then I would do an interview,
usually live, and they would show the
entire thing, and they wouldn't, you
know, have much push back. And I thought
to
myself, is that really a problem for me?
because I was fully aware that RT meant
Russian, you know, Russia today and that
it was a, you know, Russia dominated
media. I was completely aware of that,
but it didn't matter because as long as
they didn't edit what I said, why did I
care who it
was? So, I've I've stopped, you know, I
stopped accepting uh offers from RT
because they got too much heat. And I
understand why, you know, because
because they can also influence things
by who they have on. So, if they have on
one set of views but not another, I
could see how that would be
propaganda-ish. But from my personal
perspective, as long as they didn't edit
what I
said, why did I care what edit what
outlet it was, they got to hear me. I
just didn't care. So, at the moment, I'm
playing it cautiously and I wouldn't I
wouldn't go on RT. But there was a time
when a lot of people who were normies
went on RT because they didn't get
edited. So, what was the problem? It was
also before, you know, Russia attacked
Ukraine. So things were different
then. I don't know. So my take on uh
Tillis is there's something else that is
the problem. I believe he's trying to
protect something or hide something and
I do not trust that the reasons he's
giving are real
reasons. There's something fishy about
this. Something really fishy. I don't
know if we'll ever find out if that's
true, but uh smells fishy to
me. The postmillennium is saying that
there's a new report by the NA National
Intelligence Council that uh it's
probably not true that the head of
Venezuela is uh controlling the
activities of the Trenda
Arawa gang in the United States. But
it's probably true that members of the
Madura regime uh were active in helping
them get to the United States and other
countries as a destabilizing force. So,
it's it's probably not true that they're
operating like a a wing of the Madura
government, you know, like a
paramilitary force or something because
they're a little
independent and spread out and they're
kind of concentrating on smaller crimes,
you know, not big terrorist acts or
something. So, that sounds true.
Um, so there's probably some
understanding that if it's destabilizing
to the United States, they're kind of
okay with it, but beyond that, I don't
think that they're giving them orders.
So, it's probably less likely that
you're going to see some big trend or
terrorist event, you know, you know,
orchestrated by the head of Venezuela.
Probably not. But there may be plenty of
people in the government of Venezuela
who are happy to see us struggling with
the gangs. All right, ladies and
gentlemen, that is my show for today.
Um, I think I've made my point that it's
Trump Day, not hump day. So, we'll see
how much more good news there is coming.
Um, we'll check in on uh the breaking
news. And, uh, thanks for joining. We'll
see you same time tomorrow for more fun.
And uh locals, I'm going to talk to you
privately in 30
seconds if my