oh hey everybody if you're wondering why
my sound quality is so bad there's a
reason for that
can't find my microphone but will that
stop me from the simultaneous snip I
don't think so no I don't think so I've
got a Wi-Fi problem in my hotel I'm on
the road and hotel Wi-Fi doesn't work so
I am hot spotting it today so this is
your hotspot simultaneous sip the best
there could ever be at when it's late is
better than ever because it made you
eight all right grab your copper mugger
Steiner chalice your beverage holder of
any kind it could be a canteen shot
glass thermos it doesn't matter fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
and gets better every time you do it the
simultaneous it go soo um I'm on the
road again promoting my book which I
know by now every one of you have F
acquired most of you have read some of
you have acquired several versions of it
from Kindles to hardcopy to one of your
book yes I'm going out and Dave Rubin
today I'm not sure exactly when his show
airs I'll I'll find out and I'll tweet
it at you but what is better than being
in Southern California and getting to
talk to Dave Rubin nothing nothing it's
the best thing ever I'll let you know
when the episode shows so we'll be there
in a few hours
so I've been trying to figure out I
swear I've been trying really hard to
understand this whole Ukrainian phone
call situation and I've been
with people on Twitter to try to get a
better sense of where am I my blank
spots are you know where do I have a gap
in my understanding that needs to be
filled in and it's it's you may be
having the same the same experience I'm
trying to understand it but it's really
hard so here's here's where I am at the
moment this is my current take the
question of whether there was a quid pro
quo or not is irrelevant
you got it the question of whether there
was a quid pro quo is a complete
distraction and irrelevant because if
the president were asking for something
totally appropriate that he's allowed to
push we would want him to do that
so if he's asking for something
appropriate he's allowed to push but
let's say he was asking for something
there was inappropriate
is he still allowed to push doesn't
matter because if you're having a
conversation with the man who controls
the biggest military in the world and
has the fate of your country and your
administration on the line and you've
got to make him happy
how could he turn off the quid pro quo
is there a way to turn it off so the
question is not whether or not there's a
quid pro quo because you couldn't turn
it off if you wanted to if Trump walks
in the room its quid pro quo all around
everybody watching everybody who's an
assistant everybody has acquitted acro a
quo or they wouldn't even be there so
arguing about whether the quid pro quo
exists in the in this specific instance
is just loser think because he can't
matter either way it doesn't matter if
he said or else or if he didn't say or
else the the implied relationship it is
always at stake in every conversation
there's an implied quid pro quo so the
arguments about that may have some
legal significance but because as far as
I know there's no claim of a law being
broken so what if quid pro quo did have
meaning in a legal context would it
matter well not in this case because
there's no there's no allegation of a
crime the president is not accused of an
actual crime by at least by people who
know what they're talking about so I
think the whole quid pro quo thing is a
complete waste of time
the only question we should be asking is
did the president do something that was
appropriate or inappropriate and hearing
it's interesting because I've been
debating with some people who are
smarter than the normal people on line
to try to see their point of view I'm
actually really trying to understand
because I'm having some trouble just
really grasping the other point of view
and so I argued with somebody using
placemark yesterday and we we went all
the way down the rabbit hole and in the
end this is where I came out he said the
president violated a norm a norm that it
wasn't what it wasn't a question of
whether this particular request was good
or bad but rather the problem was that
this type of request is bad so it wasn't
about so the best my opponent could come
up with to argue that the president
should be impeached and then sounds like
I'm making this up the most he could
come up with is that this sort of thing
not this specific thing but this sort of
thing would be violating a norm and
there should therefore he should be
impeached and I thought to myself do you
know what else is violates a norm
everything how about everything violates
the norm if it's this president
there's no norm he hasn't violated so
the question should be you know keep
going down the rabbit hole quid pro quo
is irrelevant because it's just there
all the time
then there's is it appropriate well is
it legal that's the next question that
apparently it is the next question you
should ask yourself is was he trying to
hide it well he did it in front of a lot
of
people and here's the key not only did
he do it in front of a lot of people he
asked Ukraine to to announce it in
public or Rudy did or somebody did now
do you think the president if he were
trying to keep it a secret would have
would have asked Ukraine to announce it
because obviously that would be tracked
back to the president asking for it
began there were plenty of witnesses
so could you really say that the
president was trying to keep this a
secret
it looks like the opposite it looks like
he was trying to make it as public as
possible he'd made the phone call in
front of people now there's a question
about the the transcript of being on the
server and I think that was probably
just a cover-your-ass sort of thing
where they didn't want to you know maybe
they didn't want people to look at the
language and pick it apart because they
you could always find something so I
think that that should be looked at is
just normal bureaucratic cover our ass
put this on the secret server a kind of
thing but in general and I don't think
that was Trump's decision to put it on
that server that doesn't sound like
something he gets involved with but in
general the president wasn't tried to
hide anything if you asked for it to be
publicly announced and it's obvious who
was behind it you're kind of asking for
it to be right out there all right so
quid pro quo doesn't matter because it's
always there no matter what
yeah you can't take it away if the if
the godfather asks you for a favor he
doesn't need to say or else if your boss
asks you to do a project the boss
doesn't say or else it's just always
there right it's not illegal nobody's
claimed that it's not hidden because he
clearly didn't do the things you would
do if you were trying to hide it and
then you go down the rabbit hole and
then it becomes you don't want it to be
a norm and what they mean by that is you
would not want it to be a norm in their
words for the sitting president to use
his power to dig up dirt this is this
would be their hord's on an opponent now
that enorm you would want to avoid or is
that in norm you would want to normalize
let me ask you this if Don jr. had been
taking money from let's say Russia would
the Democrats want to look into that yes
if Dodd jr. were taking money from
Russia let's say an oligarch connected
to Putin and had some kind of sweetheart
deal now this one's harder to imagine
because dog jr. is already rich so you
probably wouldn't be involved in
something like that you wouldn't need to
wouldn't make any sense but just imagine
it would you want to know you mostly
Trump supporters on this periscope
wouldn't you want to know what was up
with that if dog jr. was taking a bunch
of money from a Russian oligarch you
stock as far as hit no he's not but if
he were that's not democrat or
republican is it so so the next thing is
you have to be consistent if this very
specific situation you were reversed I
would want it to be a norm in other
words if President Obama while still in
office
had learned that candidate Trump who was
listening the nominee by that time if if
President Obama had learned that
somebody in the media Trump family was
taking a lot of money from Russia would
he want the public to know what do you
want that investigation to you know tell
us what we need to know probably that to
me that would seem like an entirely
legitimate thing for a president to want
to know so when somebody argues we don't
want to make this a precedent or we
don't want to make it a norm that's
looser think because this specific case
is something you would want to be a
normed you would want your government to
look into anything that is so clearly
and publicly known to be potential
conflict so I would apply that both
sides I think it would be entirely
appropriate now some might take this too
well
what about looking at Trump's taxes and
I think that's a special case as well
you can't take every case and say well
that's just like his taxes if the IRS
doesn't see a problem with his taxes and
nobody else is complaining about
something specific then I'd say sort of
up to the candidate but if New York
State or somebody else found something
that was evidence of an actual potential
problem that I would want my government
to look into it well I wouldn't want to
be saying supportive things of a
candidate who had some big problem with
an entanglement somewhere in a foreign
country so first of all you've got to be
consistent you've got to say that
whatever your whatever your stand is
about Joe Biden and the president asking
for whatever he asks for you've got to
say would you do the same if the roles
were reversed and I think you would why
wouldn't you why would you not want to
know if your leader is owned by another
country how could we possibly not want
to know that so here's my summary of all
that and I've said this a number of
times I saw today that the apparently
the GOP has for talking point defenses
about what the president did or did not
do and one of the defenses is that
there's technically no quid pro quo and
I guess they can make a good case for
that because the president is on record
as saying directly it's not quid pro quo
he used the word favor and apparently
the some of the cranes according to pro
Trump GOP types
apparently the Ukraine didn't know
anything was being held up so there was
no and then they got the money anyway
without doing the thing so they're
arguing that the quid pro quo doesn't
exists and I think I think that might be
a losing argument because although it
may not technically exist there's no way
any normal voter is going to say he was
talking to the President of the United
States the only one who had the power to
save his country
militarily in case you know Moscow got
out of control I think it's a losing
argument to argue quid pro quo doesn't
exist because although it may be a does
exist it's a losing argument because
it's just always there it's in the
atmosphere you can't say it's not
sitting on the table it doesn't matter
if it's sitting on the table where you
can see it it's in the atmosphere you
can't you can't remove it it's there
with every conversation so I would go to
the next argument which is was it
illegal and was he trying very hard to
hide it and it wasn't illegal
it wasn't trying very hard to hide it so
then the next question is was it
appropriate and appropriate comes down
to is it good for the country and can
you imagine any situation in which you
as a voter be you Republican or be you
independent or be you a Democrat can you
imagine not wanting to know what's going
on there wouldn't you want to know as a
voter Biden is leading in all the polls
he's leading in a min ahead head-to-head
at least of the polls he's leading
head-to-head against Trump he could be
our next president don't you want to
know as much about that guy as possible
that's how it works
you know when you're running for
president and you're the number-one guy
people can ask a lot of questions and
the public wants to know so the only
thing I would want to know under this
whole thing true or false it is in the
public's interest the voters interest
that we have more information about
whatever it was going on there with
Biden that's the only thing I would
argue everything else is sort of not
understanding the question because if
you're arguing quid pro quo it's like
you don't know how anything works
because you couldn't take it out eat
even if the president had no intentions
of quid pro quo you can't erase it from
the situation it is the situation you
know it's not the situation then you can
take this part out it's the situation
two leaders talking and especially in
this specific situation where you create
the United States and will need us
probably for a lot of things and for a
lot of years all right so that's my
that's my take on this
that's my audio quality by the way I'm
surprised this live stream is working
because I'm just I'm just hot spotting
it off Am I
quid pro quo threats are violations of
labor negotiations irrelevant
oh so one of the arguments is it wasn't
actually the president's job so what
what law does that violate so it wasn't
the president's job is that a law no
it's not law what is it when you say it
wasn't the president's job what is it
it's a norm it's a standard practice
that the president doesn't get involved
in investigations and then doesn't get
involved especially with investigation
of an opponent but if that investigation
of the opponent isn't happening what
should the president do let's say the
let's say bill bar or whoever it goes
over there and talks to the Ukrainians
and isn't getting the kind of response
he needs what do you do does Bill Barr
just go back to the President and say I
tried but they're not answering my
questions would bill Barr do that and if
he did what would the president do would
the president say gosh I can't get
involved in this because that would be
against the norm or would the president
say oh well we do have a legitimate
right to know what's going on over there
and if you can't get if you can't get it
done through your you know more official
sources you know justice to justice and
so to speak what do you do you always
kick it up to the boss do you think that
the president would have made this call
if bill Barr could have just gone over
there and done it himself
the only people who think that bill Barr
can do it without the president's help
or people who have very little
experience
in the real world in the real world if
you work for a big company and you even
want marketing to talk to sales
sometimes the bosses have to talk first
in fact normally in order for people to
get anything done have you ever tried to
get another organization to work with
you without the the agreement of the
boss it's hard because the people in the
other organization work for their boss
they don't work for you they just report
to their boss and if the boss isn't
saying to do it why would they waste
their time just because you want it you
only do things because your boss tells
you to do it or you know your boss wants
it so until the bosses have talked the
underlings are a little bit toothless
and obviously you know and let me ask
yes if you think that the bill bar could
have gotten it done on his own do you
think do you think Trump would have
gotten involved no obviously it wasn't
happening for whatever reason it wasn't
happening so he violated a norm and he
got involved now again if this were
reversed and and Trump and Don Jude
you're I hate to throw Don jr. under the
the analogy boss because he hasn't done
anything he's done nothing except
produce a book people like apparently
but if you imagine it the other way I'd
feel the same you'd want to know what's
going on and you'd be happy that the
president got involved if there wasn't
any other way to make it happen it's not
perfect it's not perfect but we don't
live in a world where everything can be
buttoned up and perfect all right
that's way too much on that isn't it but
it seems like that's the only news today
will you be able to visit with James
Woods wall in LA
well it wasn't on my itinerary I have to
admit that was not on my top hundred
list of things to do in LA although
James Woods is kind of awesome in his
way
so do impeachment hearings help Trump
probably you know we'll have to see how
they go
the Nick ele thing so nikki Haley said
that Tillerson and john kelly were
trying to undermine the president and I
think Tillerson at least has said that
didn't happen so once again it's she
said she said and I'm not sure any of it
matters I'm not buying the not buying
the theory that nikki Haley is playing
this game where she's trying to replace
Mike Pence and then hang around at old
Trump gets an itch to take over the
presidency maybe seems on seems unlikely
somebody said how often do I change or
update my glasses way too infrequently I
should do it more often and Christina
was one who picked these out so you
would have to you would have to give her
credit if you like them my old ones I
think made me look older these these at
least make me look more current if not
younger am i buying DJ tees book
triggered many books behind but I'm sure
that would be a good woman we're losing
you somebody said are you having
problems with the connection yeah I
haven't seen the climate change
Greta Thornburg mural in SF but I did
see the Babylon B version where they
they altered a so it looks like lasers
are coming out of her eyes to shoot SUVs
I'll tell you the Babylon B is just
killing it lately
if you're not following the Babylon be
you're missing some of the best viewer
that you'll see so it's sort of like the
onion except they have a conservative
bent which makes them the you know
they're usually in the political realm
that is pretty pretty hilarious I did a
podcast for them coming up
I'll tell you about when it's out
connection is fine good that's good to
know
Ari's anything else going on that most
of you saw me on the Greg Gutfeld show I
hope and you know is interesting if you
heard me on the Greg Gutfeld show when I
played it back I noticed that everybody
has a better voice than I do they have a
more commanding powerful voice you know
Greg Greg has a really you know powerful
voice that kind of takes over a room as
does cat you know she has a different
kind of voice but it really it cuts
through the noise it really gets your
attention Tyrus of course and then Dave
Smith comedian who was there he has a
great voice and I would listen to my
voice it was for the the end of my day
you hear me in the morning one of this
periscope and it probably sounds a lot
better but by the end of the day I've
been talking all day you know I could do
25 interviews a day at a book tour and I
know that much left on the tank by 6
p.m. you know because my day starts 3 or
4 in the morning will i watch the
hearings only if I'm around that was up
again do you say somebody says be more
natural be more natural on the Greg
Gutfeld show I don't know what natural
would mean in that case it's important
to match the energy of the show so
anybody in fact in my book in my book
lose I think one of the things I teach
is that some of the worst advice you'll
ever get is to be yourself or to be
natural because that never works you you
should be whatever the situation calls
for and who you are is what you do so if
you're the person who comes into a room
and simply acts happy you're that guy it
doesn't matter what your internal
thought is that's who you are that's
what you become
so for whoever said I should have acted
more naturally maybe act natural is not
be natural I couldn't be more natural
but I suppose I could act natural in
other words I could put other different
kind of performance that look to you
more natural but that's the best you can
do acting natural would be the worst
advice because I would just sit there
low energy mumbling like I usually do if
you're on the TV show you're not
supposed to act natural
you're supposed to crank it up to
unnatural and entertaining so I tried to
do that but the others the others who
were you know with me or more
experienced at that sort of thing you
can tell you seem kind of nervous you
know it's you know it's funny I wasn't
nervous at all I don't get nervous for
most things I mean I visited the
president of United States in the Oval
Office and I don't even think my pulse
was elevated so I've sort of reached
that point in my life where things like
this don't embarrass me they don't I
don't I don't treat them as a risk and
when something isn't a risk then you're
not really too worried about it
I mean I was you probably detected that
I was concentrating to try to remember
what I thought I was going to say in
case I got the questions I was hoping to
get that sort of thing but my pulse was
probably baseline do I like cat timpz
humor yes very much
I think cat is incredible would like to
hear you and Rush Limbaugh talk well I I
sent my book to sturdily and we don't
know if if if Russia will want to talk
to me but if he ever does I would love
to do that all you got to do is act
naturally yeah you seemed a little
nervous but it wasn't you you may have
seen me
looking unnatural which is different
from being nervous because I didn't have
any any nervous at all actually you look
taller on periscope that's true I
noticed the same thing when you see me
on a couch with normal-sized people I
look smaller especially if Tyrus is with
the one on the end
you like my epic Times interview Thank
You boob
do you always I do I always operate at
maximum persuasion no it's hard to turn
it off because it just becomes the way
you act you know some people ask me are
you trying to be persuasive and any
particular context and I always say the
same thing which is persuasion is
something that you know it's something
you've become because all communication
is an attempt to be persuasive
sometimes you're persuading people to
just have a good time so you're trying
to entertain them sometimes you're
persuading them to change the moment
sometimes you just want to like you but
all communication is persuasion and once
you know the right way to communicate
you're also just automatically
persuasive so you can't turn it off it's
just who you become what would you do
differently next time I get failed I
would smile less I would smile less when
I was actually really happy and when
you're there in person it's even funnier
than it is on TV because there's also
stuff that happens during the commercial
breaks which is just as funny as the
stuff that you see on screen sometimes
sometimes the good stuff happens in the
breaks and so the entire time you're
there from the from the moment I reached
the green room ahead of time it's all
fun people by now I knew most of them
and and the Energy's high everybody's
joking around everybody's in a good mood
so it's just a really good time it's a
by far the most fun to do
did anything get edited out yes but only
for time so we went a little bit long
and edited a few minutes out I assure
you and how does it is there online
training you recommended for learning
hypnosis there is not I'm not aware of
any way to learn it from a book or from
a website I've never heard of that I'm
not saying it wouldn't work but there's
something about the in-person experience
because it's you know it's it's a
physical process where you have to do
things and somebody has to watch you and
all that and you need practice yeah Don
Jeter got heckled by Trump supporters
for not taking questions and not much of
a story your book Kindle versus audible
well that's a personal personal choice
what about brexit you know I just can't
get interested in brexit I want to be
but I'm not all right
just looking at your comments I'm gonna
have to get ready to do my first thing
today and I will need to run and I did
what to miss the simultaneous it so no
so so Kay for teens to quit vaping
hypnosis would not work on your teen to
quit at vaping here's a little tip about
hypnosis hypnosis does not work better
than any other well-known method for
quitting cigarettes or vapes or losing
weight this secret is and you learn this
as Adventist that the person has to
decide to quit once the person has
decided to quit every method works yep
and and maybe one of the three people
actually have decided the other 203 want
to quit or maybe somebody else wants in
to quit there's no method that will make
them quit hypnosis cannot make somebody
change their mind to want something too
at least in this unit context in other
contexts yes but no hypnosis would have
no value in stopping somebody from
vaping because the reason they vape is
that they want to vape now if your teen
came to you is that damn I really super
want to quit I'm not kidding I just
can't quit can you find me some help now
under that condition hypnosis would work
the same way everything else would work
it wouldn't matter what method you
picked once the decision is made the
rest just happens so what we often
confuse wanting to quit with deciding to
quit and those are completely different
wanting to quit means you're not gonna
quit deciding to quit means you're gonna
quit and sometimes you can tell the
difference either there are probably
been times in your life where something
happened you know there was the last
straw
and you said to yourself okay all the
other times I wanted to stop doing
whatever it is but I just decided and
you feel that moment if you don't feel
the moment today's the day I decided
don't bother
there's no method that will help you
you're not going to quit something you
want to do yeah that's what Alan Carr
stresses this book how to give up
smoking you should that's I see a bunch
of you who are having a realization of
that the first time you hear that it's
quite a mindful like I used that word it
might blow your mind because we go
through life thinking that our wishes
and our decisions are somehow the same
thing and they're not
likewise when and this is stolen from
somebody rich who once said this I wish
I could credit the right person but I
can't somebody said that the way to be
successful is to figure out what the
price is and then pay it now it the
first time you hear that you say to
yourself well that's sort of saying
nothing
figure out the price of success and pay
it yeah Great Scott put that in your
bumper sticker you know put it on the
bumper stick it means nothing to me
but it's the most powerful thing you'll
ever hear in your life when I first got
an offer to be a cartoonist I knew that
I would have to work pretty much every
day every morning every weekend and
every night for years to make it likely
I would succeed and I actually made that
decision on day one the day that I was
offered a contract to be a syndicated
cartoonist and by the way most people
get that contract fail the overwhelming
number 90% maybe 95% fail even after
they get a contract to be syndicated in
newspapers because you still have to
perform and I made a promise to myself
an actual promise in in real words a
specific moment and I said Scott I make
a promise to myself I won't fail because
I didn't try hard enough there will
never be a time in my life when I look
back and say you know that cartooning
thing could have worked out for me if
I'd worked a little harder and I said to
myself I can't control everything but
I'm gonna make sure there will never be
a day in my future when I say to myself
if I'd only done that a little bit more
and so I read lined my effort for years
and if you're wondering why so few so
few cartoonists ever make it to the big
time so to speak it's because they they
don't or can't or won't do what I did
which is I put my I put everything into
it I left nothing on the table I didn't
have a scrap of energy left at the end
of every day and I would fall asleep for
four hours wake up and I would run
actually run during the day to get
everything done and that this is not a
joke back in the days of fax machines
that if I'd hear my fax machine going
off and
my other room that little condo I would
run to get it pick it up and if I had to
throw something away I would run to the
garbage pail and then if I got a phone
call I would run to the phone I would
run to everything while I was inside by
your home and the reason was that by
running I could buy myself an extra
three percent I left nothing I left
nothing to to chance that I would ever
ask myself why didn't I work harder
I read mind for 10 years so I tell you
that story some of you said that's
inspirational I'll do something like
that I have also my objective I'm going
to leave it all out there I don't want
to ever say I didn't work hard enough
but others of you just said I don't want
any of that I don't want any of that and
that's a good choice for some of you
this level of sacrifice is just not
something that will never work for you
don't do it but go back to my advice if
you want to be successful find out the
price and then buy it
somebody says were you single yes I was
in a relationship but I was not married
how did you mitigate the stress that
came with that persistent effort I
exercised almost every day and keeping
busy turns out is good for me so good
things were happening and I enjoyed it
it was mentally stimulating and I kind
of like I kind of like pressure
I've always performed well under
pressure somebody says I did the same as
a heart hairstylist good for you you you
figured out what it would cost and then
once you knew the price
you didn't ask yourself could I afford
it you just went down did the damn thing
sometimes you just have to decide it's
not what you want it's what you decide
the exact way I was able to retire
forty-three cents Brad there you go
drugs back then not in those days the
there are periods of my life when I was
more or less prone to smoking massive
mirror amounts of marijuana but during
the time that nil Burt was starting was
not one of those times but yeah it was
often done during that period all right
that's all I got for now I'm gonna have
to go get ready I would like to talk to
you all day but I got to run and I will
talk to you later