yeah I'm early I'm early I'll tell you
about that in a
minute well we don't know how many
people are going to join us in this new
earlier shorter version of the
show but 11 of us so
far you're the ones I call the high
Achievers get in here will
you let's figure out how this day is
going to go
we're going to have some
fun all right I've got a little uh
scheduling uh overlap today so I'm doing
the show earlier and shorter but I
didn't want to miss out I didn't want
you to wake up and say where's my
simultaneous sip which for many of you
might be
recorded but I hope you uh figure it out
and come here and make it all work cuz I
take some responsibility for having
developed a simultaneous sip Habit in
you I feel like I have to deliver every
single day so here I
am and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand well all you need for
that is a cuper muger glass a tankered
chin a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine of
the day
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous zp and it
happens now
go when I say I needed that oh my
goodness well I've got the uh the
swaddling blanket of comfort on me
today because it seems to me that the
country is in a a weird mental state and
what you need is well me you need me you
need me to snap you out of this bad
mental state it looks like there's Doom
coming from every direction and the
elections look iffy yeah we'll fix all
that I've got an idea to fix all of it
actually
really so although today's story will be
short you're about to see the best idea
ever just wait for
that well JP Morgan announced that
they're going to put a limit on Junior
investment bankers hours so if you're a
junior investment banker at JP Morgan
they will no longer let you work more
than 80 hours per week no matter how
much you want
to what who works 80 hours a week unless
it's their own company well you can make
a Millions as an investment banker if
you do everything right but looks like
there's a lot of competition for those
jobs and so the question I ask myself is
if I can see a time sheet for that
entire 80
hours how much of that time are you like
just really kicking out the
work because you know recently I got
some attention for uh having a good work
ethic because I like to show up every
day and I'm not big on vacations I like
to work every day but even I don't work
80 hours a week 80 hours a week do you
have any idea what that would do to you
I mean there's a report of somebody
dying from overwork and in Japan you
hear about it all the time but there's
no good reason to make somebody work 80
hours a week There's no way that that
extra 10 hours or 20 hours at the end is
your good
time you would have to have all kinds of
breaks and I don't know you're going to
have to have an affair with your
co-workers to make that all work so a
pretty broken
system meanwhile uh MSNBC has decided to
spend some considerable time uh telling
his audience what a terrible person
Laura lumer is now Laura lumer is a if
you've not heard that name she's
associated with the right and she's I
guess I would say an independent
researcher journalist and she's broken
some good Scoops so she's she's got some
serious credibility in terms of scoops
Hoops uh but she's also controversial
and it's not my job to defend anything
that anybody else said so you should
hear this first I'm not defending
anything that anybody else said but do I
need to why would why would that be my
job no I'm on a pirate ship all right I
signed up to be on a pirate ship if they
let another pirate on the pirate ship
you know what I'm not going to do um I'd
like to examine your past statements for
acceptability no I'm going to take
whatever weapons that pirate has CU we
need to get a mission done and I don't
give a rat's ass what what anybody ever
said to offend you do I agree with
everything ever said by RFK Jr I doubt
it I mean I can't think of a specific
example but I doubt it do do I think he
shouldn't be on the pirate ship no I
think he should be very much on the
pirate ship I want to be on the same
ship as him so Laura lomer is very
effective and they wouldn't be talking
about her unless she had made a big dent
in universe and if you're a pirate who
can make a big dent in universe and you
want Trump to win because I think is
vital to the survival of the United
States and that's the kind of pirate I
don't mind associating with but it's
kind of funny
because we've entered this weird
political mode
where we're trying to take people down
by who they associate with and then it's
kind of a contest it's like MSNBC say
all right all right we're g to say that
Trump is associating with this this
horrible racist they would say Lura
lumer and of course that's weird because
MSNBC is the most famously corrupt and
racist
organization in the public
knowledge that that would be an
interesting question could you think of
a more racist
organization like just overtly racist
than
MSNBC actually I can't think of
one I actually can't think of
any well that's weird it seems like
there be some competition for the top
spot but there really isn't yeah MSNBC
is
so blatantly racist that they're they're
going after Laura L now again I'm not
defending Laura
lomer I know you're going to say the ADL
I thought of the ADL but they're so
special
purpose that they seem like a different
kind of animal yeah the ADL is uh not my
favorite organization they they defamed
me in public because racist yeah you're
right the ADL might be
competitive because they went after me
because they're
racists I assume I mean they made a
racist Claim about me
anyway
um so here's what's happening so the so
the Democrats are like all right you've
got Laura lummer haaha and then we say
oh yeah you've got dick Janie
haaha and then the Democrats say well
you've got that terrible person Scott
Adams and then I say oh yeah you've got
Adam
kiner and then they say we''ve got that
terrible person fill in the
blank I I feel like there are enough
terrible people according to other
people that we could do this all day
long all right now here's the funniest
story of the day as I told you that
every meme about uh Trump is funny and I
don't know how it expands all
generations whatever it is that's funny
about Trump as a personality or a
character or a meme or whatever if works
for every generation and on Tik Tok
today this is real by the way this
sounds like I'm making it up but it's
real there's a viral uh Trend going on
where the ticktockers young ones like
you know older teens are dancing to
Trump saying at the uh at the debate
they're eating their they're eating our
dogs they're eating our
pets and they've turned that into a
autotune um sort sort of a line that
they dance with so you can hear Trump's
voice they're eating our they're eating
our dogs they're eating our pets and you
see the people dancing they're eating
our dogs they're eating our pets and
it's freaking hilarious and where does
that come from like where in the world
of all the things that a Tik tocker
could dance to they pick that and it
works it works it's like it's hilarious
and I watched several of them this
morning and I thought oh I'm glad I saw
those are pretty
good so that never gets
old anyway are they eating our pets
well let me tell you how the news uh
determines whether something is
true would you like to see an example of
me doing some investigative
journalism
watch there's nothing behind that closed
door
how do I
know well I don't see anything behind
it well but that's because the door is
closed so well how could you see
something behind the door if the door is
closed well there's no reports
whatsoever of anything from behind the
door I know but you wouldn't necessarily
hear about it unless you talk to the
right people as in opening the
door but there's no indication there's
there's anything behind the door I know
but you can't know what's behind the
door unless you open the door and look H
I don't know you found you sound like a
conspiracy theorist because you're
always thinking there's something behind
the door when we've proven there's not
no you didn't prove it you didn't prove
it you simply stated it without checking
that's the opposite of proving proving
would be doing something actively not
doing
something is called not proving it
so yeah we know that no dogs or cats are
being eaten because some of the news
people ask the
government they ask the government now I
would like to put out at least an
alternative hypothesis to the eating of
the
pets there may have been somebody
who tried to kill a goose at the park I
think that's likely I mean if you needed
food and you're used to killing ducks
and geese where you grew up and you saw
a geese and it looked like it was free I
could see that happening the cats and
dogs part especially the
cats seems like it's at least a little
bit likely to be a mass
hysteria I know I know I'm a broken
record Mass hisy areas everywhere so it
could be that I'm just filtered that way
so I see Mist areas because my brain is
kind of tuned to look for them that's
how I knew that there would be no
information about a secret Sonic weapon
at the embassies because that was really
a classic Mass hysteria even with all
the evidence that there was something
real happening and maybe there's
something real happening but the odds of
it being a secret Sonic weapon were
really not very high now could I be
wrong and someday they'll find a secret
Sonic weapon sure because unlike the
news I do not declare that something
doesn't exist simply because I haven't
seen it what I did predict is that they
wouldn't find it it would never be
confirmed so think of it as a prediction
not a fact so far the prediction is
holding now let me ask you this if you
went to my neighborhood my current
neighborhood and you surveyed all of the
people here and you said do you have an
outdoor
cat some of them would say yes an
alarming number of them would say we
used to you know what I mean we used to
have an outdoor cat it didn't come home
we don't know why but there are mountain
lions and all kinds of dangerous things
out there and uh outdoor cats disappear
a lot and sometimes they'll be gone for
days and come
back now
if you had heard that the uh the
immigrants in your town were eating cats
and then your cat
disappeared what would you tell people
uhoh I think they got my cat they may
have eaten my cat now that's how a mass
hysteria starts because if you have a
natural situation where cats disappear
pretty much all the time I mean outdoor
cats they don't last a long time where I
live
so you you could imagine that people
would start hearing stories of other
people losing their cats and presuming
it was the immigrants Etc
so here's my best guess of what's really
happening my best guess is that there
are a few legitimate claims of an
immigrant eating an animal might have
been a goose might even be one example
or two where somebody ate an animal like
a pet maybe I wouldn't rule it out
because I haven't seen it
and you're going to say to me but Scott
we've seen the videos and the phone
calls and stuff well I don't trust
anything anymore I don't trust any
videos you don't know where they came
from or what you're really looking at or
whether it's been edited whether it's AI
you can't tell but my best guess is that
there's a little bit to it but the rest
might be a Massy areia because then
people say but my cat's missing for two
hours they got my cat and then they
complain about the cat and you hear
about it but they don't tell you later
the cat came home in two hours I think
it might be that but again I'm
speculating so unlike the news I can't
tell you what is a fact without
investigating all
right in aora the town of Aurora 10
members of that Venezuelan gang Treno
arago have been arrested Fox News say
they're associated with that alleged
building takeover so the question of
whether a building has been taken over
or not is still a little bit
contentious U I think Aurora is saying
no but there are gang members and
they're put down a uh they put out a uh
a statement saying that uh the the gangs
are not taking over Aurora and they're
they got things under control well maybe
according to the
express there's a big breakthrough in
prosthetic hands so a mechanical hand
for somebody who's uh lost a hand they
figured out how to make it controlled by
the
brain so they actually showed a video of
somebody with a mechanical hand whose
brain was controlling the fingers and
the
grip and uh Daniel 34 year old from
Italy uh he tested it because he'd lost
a hand and he said uh quote it feels
like I'm moving my own
hand oh my God
really
really could that be true because the
hard part would make it would be the
part where you feel like it's your own
hand I don't know how they did
that I mean I I suppose it's could be
just a psychological phenomenon as much
as a physical one I don't know but what
if this is true and by the way this is a
little this a little too good to be true
falls into the category of maybe the
demo
worked but you know maybe it's not so
easy to just slap these on people and
say there you go you got a new hand but
uh it does raise some
questions if you can get a prosthetic
hand that feels just like you're moving
your own
hand makes me wonder what other options
are available I'm going to sip a coffee
while you fill in the
joke not even saying the obvious I'm
just letting you fill in your own joke
at home this see it's a prosthetic hand
that feels just like your
own but if I were at home and I were
writing this joke I'd say something like
this I wonder if I can get a female hand
that doesn't sound like feel like it's
my
own all right I had to say
it all right what else do we got going
on uh fentanyl is killing uh 200 people
A Day in the United States and costing
1.5 trillion per year according to the
times of India and their headline is how
China is destroying us families with
deadly drug
fentol well yes it's true that China
seems to be the source of the precursors
and they do seem to pretend that they're
going to do something about it while
clearly not doing anything about
it or anything that matters and then
they send that to the cartels in Mexico
and the cartels pressed into and ship it
across the border and
kill 200 people A Day in the United
States that would be about one every 8
minutes one every eight minutes so we've
been on for 33 minutes or let's say I've
been on for three
deaths so we could change the way we
keep time in the United States by having
8 minute increments that's one fentel
overdose
death so we're uh we're three fentel in
to the uh three fenel ODS into the
show oh hold on hold
on four somebody else just died every
eight
minutes every eight minutes somebody's
dropping dead from fenel in another s
minutes I might remind you there's
another one now here's my current
working hypothesis on this there's no
way this could have persisted this long
the way it is unless some dark part of
the United States government is in on
the plot and we do have at least the
suggestion that the the countries that
are south of our border our country
wants to control their governments in
any way that we can because that that
would have a legitimate value to the
country making sure it doesn't become
you know an enemy controlled country
making sure we have access to resources
all that stuff so
we probably can't control a country
that's owned by the cartels unless we're
working with the
cartels so it seems to me that cartels
probably control most of the governments
and therefore if we work with the
cartels and let them earn they will let
us have our little geopolitical control
because the last thing the cartels want
is what's the last thing that the
cartels
want foreign
control the last thing the can the the
cartels want is China or Russia for
example to get real active in their
country
so I don't I to me it seems obvious that
the US government at least some portion
of it the security State part of it uh
probably gives the talk to only
Republican leaders not not everybody
because it'd be too sensitive but I'm
sure if you're the Speaker of the House
for example there's somebody in that
dark part of the government says look
here's the deal if we stop the cartels
from earning we're not going to be able
to work with them and we're going to
lose control of entire Central South
America and the entire country could be
in trouble so I know it's terrible
terrible terrible that 200 people a day
are dying from fentanyl but that's the
cost of having this control and that's
worth
it I feel
like that would explain everything and
it would be consistent with all
observations it's consistent with human
behavior it's consistent with incentives
and it's consistent with history it
might not be true but it's the only
thing that fits the observations because
if you're telling me that the United
States really really wants to fight this
Fentanyl and the bord is kind of porous
that's no sorry if we're not physically
attacking the source of the fenel which
we're not going to do by the way even if
Trump wins there won't be any bombing of
the cartels I think there's no chance of
it because I think the people doing the
bombing will say no they'll say you can
order us but we're literally not going
to
go why because there's a dark part of
the government that has a lot of control
over things who would say maybe
don't I do believe that it's possible
Trump does not get the talk and the
reason is if Trump got the talk he might
tell you all right here's the deal I'm
just going to be honest with you we
can't attack them because we're working
with the cartels you know that would be
the nightmare scenario for any alleged
deep State hypothetical group that's
really controlling things behind the
curtain so and we've we've seen you know
that the generals Etc suggest that Trump
should not be told the full truth that
the intelligence people know so it would
completely explain a lot of things if no
but he told Trump which is why he's
saying things like we'll bomb the
cartels which will never happen um that
would explain
everything wouldn't it and Mike Ben you
know is uh let's say compatible with the
idea that we have some cartel related uh
dealings with the the government south
of
us the details could be you know wildly
different than what I'm speculating but
it does seem like we may have a cozy
relationship in some way that's not
completely
public all
right according to project
Veritas uh they're still in operation
even though they lost um
o'keef um there's this Department of
Justice immigration attorney that says
they got him undercover saying that
Biden has the authority to end illegal
immigration but he doesn't because
Democrat Mega donors control the Border
the gayway punted is reporting that um
does that sound right to you now just
because it's a doj immigration attorney
that doesn't necessarily mean he knows
what's happening I he might be talking
as just a citizen who's speculating like
the rest of us because if you asked me
what's going on I'd say well somebody's
controlling that border I think the doj
person legitimately believes that the
mega donors are controlling the B
border um but I don't think he
understands that the mega donors are in
turn owned by whatever that deep entity
is that's running things behind the
scenes so if this doj's belief is that
let's say Soros is the funer who's
keeping the Border open does he go
further and say is Soros his own
man two Soros is now Elder and and
younger are they their own men
or are they influenced by somebody let
me give you the most obvious
interpretation is they're not
independent the most obvious I mean I
mean let let's be honest Alex Soros is
getting married to uh Huma abedine does
that look organic to
you to me that reminds me of you know
the old kings and queens in Europe you
know you'd have to marry your your
German cousin or something to make make
sure that make sure that everybody's you
know not going to sell you out keep it
in the
family so to me it looks like I keep it
in the family move and that the Soros
money it's just what it looks like do I
have any proof nah no I'm saying that if
you're trying to understand the
world the the world in which he's just
donating because he thinks it's you know
good for the immigrants is kind of
absurd it is good for the immigrants but
it's absurd to imagine that's why
they're doing
it the the why of it is clearly
something that we not being told so what
would that be it all comes back to
basically the same answers for
everything the people behind the
curtain all
right um did you know Ryan sedra was
reporting on this that when there's a
debate there's always somebody who hooks
it up to a dial test now a dial test is
where you get what you hope is a mixed
group of people in a room and they
literally have a little dial where
they're sitting each of them and as
they're watching the debate if they like
what they're hearing they'll dial it up
and then they'll dial it down if they
don't like what they're hearing so you
can see uh overlaid when the candidates
are talking you can see the graphs
moving oh they like what they're saying
right now oh and then they're divided by
Independence Democrats and Republicans
now you would not be surprised that
whenever K Harris talks the the Democrat
line goes sh way up to the top whenever
Trump talks way it goes way down to the
bottom and vice versa Republicans up
when Trump is talking Republicans all
the way at the bottom when Kam is
talking but here's the interesting thing
where do you think The Independents are
your common sense would say somewhere in
the middle right somewhere in the middle
well didn't work out that way apparently
when Trump was talking about the economy
The Independents tracked the Republican
line
perfectly perfectly they they didn't
even basically you could barely see any
difference so The
Independents are economics
voters what do you think of that so that
that's my that's my statement of the day
I don't know if it's true I'll just put
it out there as you can you can test
this against what you see in here I say
the independent voters are the ones who
are not caring about the eating of cats
and dogs they're not caring about who
got accused of saying the thing that
made somebody mad they're not caring so
much about the Mean Tweets they're not
caring so much about anything except the
economy so maybe we're making a big
mistake to call them
Independents maybe all they are is
people who prioritize the economy above
other things and they say the rest is
garbage everything else is garbage just
give us an economy maybe stay out of
some Wars we'll be
good
so so that's interesting so that would
be a suggestion that um Trump would win
because if he's and and there is some
evidence that in Michigan for example
the New York Post is reporting that
Trump IVF proposal where where the
government would pay for your scientific
IVF in vitro fertilization so you could
have more babies and also some kind of
uh support for people with major newborn
expenses so Trump would help having
babies uh according to a new
poll uh that made Independence swing
pretty hard to his side so that would be
a second indication that there's another
thing that could move
Independence which
is can you directly help me have a baby
now the number of people who are either
using IVF or have a close family member
or friend who is using IVF is really
high now isn't it let let me ask you in
the
comments have you used IVF or do you
know somebody who's close to you who
has so just say yes if you've heard it
if you've used it yourself
planning to use it or does it have a
connection to your life at all because I
feel like it might I feel like a lot of
people would have some connection to
that
topic anyway uh you could argue that
that has some e it's an economic thing
but I think it's more it could be and I
wouldn't take too much away from this
one this one poll and this one state
over this one
issue I'm looking at a lot of yeses
coming in some NOS as well yeah so if
you look at the wall of yeses coming in
to people who have some direct or
indirect connection to IVF that tells
you it's at least you know a real topic
but secondly here's my here's my
interesting
question you the news has to fill up the
24 hours so we end up getting excited
about things that we all know are not
important because we're trying to fill
up the thing it's about memes and who
did who shook hands right and you know
who tripped on the stairs and you know
all that stuff but what is what is more
core to your human
existence than
reproduction mating mating is the core
human value so it could be that the
person who sort of accidentally stumbles
onto that wins in the landslide and
nobody knows why you know I've told you
a number of times in the past that all
of our behaviors all all of them are an
expression of our mating Instinct
because it's the only thing we're
optimized for by
Evolution if you get mating right then
you get to survive as a species
everything else doesn't matter so much
you just got to be able to mate period
just make more of you and everything
will be fine so we we evolved so that
any suggestion of anything that's in the
domain of sex or reproduction is just
automatically goes to the top of all of
our lists even if we don't know it like
e even if you're completely oblivious to
it it goes to the top of your list so
even what I'm doing right now feels to
me like an expression of my mating
Instinct I'm literally showing
off that's what I'm doing like like
right now I mean I do it for other
reasons too but the other reasons are my
conscious
reasons my conscious reasons are oh I
enjoy this topic and it's easy and I
like dealing with all of you and you
know I like the experience everything
that's my conscious reasons do you know
what my real reason is I'm showing off
I'm I'm displaying I'm just showing you
my feathers and will that increase my
mating options well if I were in The
Mating mood it would and I don't think
the fact that I'm not logically or
rationally in a mating mode allows me to
turn off the Instinct I think the
Instinct remains it's just too embedded
in my entire being
so if Trump comes up with something
that's
uh Pro extra babies that might be
different than the question of abortion
because the abortion question gets I
think you know I'm not a woman so I
can't judge this I feel like that's just
too much government control on your body
and that nobody can Ser nobody can be
okay with that at least half the country
they can't be okay with it so the F
thing could be a surprising home run
that nobody saw coming just because it's
one of the few things that Taps into
your most Basic Instinct which we act on
all day long but we're not aware of it
so this this would be the thing I'm
trying to add to the conversation is
that your rational brain and IVF don't
have any connection I mean there's a
rational you know we save money Etc
that's rational but that the real draw
of it
if if it really is moving Independence
in a big way like this one you know
unconfirmed poll is
saying this could be important it could
actually move the
election anyway I wouldn't say that's
confirmed yet but it's sort of
suggesting
that um so you know that Taylor Swift uh
endorsed kamla Harris and she did in a
very public way right after the debate
so she got maximum attention and she was
clever and she was holding her cat and
saying that she's a childless cat lady
making fun of JD Vance and uh Mike Benz
points us to NATO's YouTube channel so I
didn't even know NATO had a YouTube
channel but on on the NATO Channel where
nobody's hiding it because again it's
NATO's own
channel this this isn't somebody talking
about NATO
this is NATO's own channel and there's a
screenshot that Mike Ben shows that says
quote goal identify key actors to train
and spread desired me
messaging uh example encourage opinion
leaders to share counter IO I don't know
what IO is but content what is IO in
that context of NATO
interoperability intelligence opinion
I don't know but sounds something NATO
related all right so yeah the goal is to
identify key actors to train and spread
desired
messaging and then there was a uh photo
on that same slide right next to
identify key actors to train and spread
desired messaging and it was a photo
of Taylor
Swift it's actually Taylor Swift's photo
right right next to Nato saying that
they're that they're going to try to
bring in these personalities to help
them with their
messaging oh man
so my take on this is we've entered the
don't even need to hide it
facee it seems like the people running
the real country are not trying to hide
it and the reason is they don't need to
and here there are two reasons they
don't need to one is the news is so sat
ated with complicated stories that you
and
I have too much to worry about I can't
pick one of them out you could easily
imagine that this alone the Taylor Swift
thing would be the number one headline
story in the country oh my God NATO is
is weaponizing our celebrities against
us that would can't you imagine that
would be a headline story that people
would talk about for a month do you know
why it's not a headline story and we
don't talk about it for a month
because the things that become headlines
are not organic there are a few entities
which have close intelligence
connections which decide what the
headlines will be for all the other news
if the New York Times says this is our
big story and they hit it a few times
the other news just picks it up
Washington Post same
thing CNN maybe so the the point is if
the news can tell you what is news they
control the narrative
and everything is so complicated that
you can't do much with it yourself you
know you've seen me I follow the news
maybe because I do it literally every
day top
2% would is that fair of people who are
aware of and capable of following some
of the details of the news would I be in
the top
1% only because I do it every day not
because of my magical abilities maybe
top 1%
I don't understand the lawfare
stories I I just get them all confused
there's too many of them and there's so
many stories like that where the details
of them are are so confusing that how
could anybody understand it so as long
as the as long as whoever controls the
media decides which stories to focus on
and then they keep everything else
complicated the public is completely
neuter
do you know why there's not a big
protest about the use of uh of
of electronic voting machines do you
know why there's not uh protests in the
streets well first of all we're divided
so maybe one side doesn't mind it so
much the other is it's complicated and
they'll just tell you no the machines
are
fine well but I think they're not H we
had an expert look at them they're fine
everything's too hard to
understand yeah take
Ukraine if your story of Ukraine is uh
Putin's a monster and he's invading
countries because he's basically
Hiller if that was your view you're
you're missing out on a lot of details
about why the United States may have
always wanted to control Ukraine and
NATO's growth and the security State and
the military industrial complex and the
Maiden uh overthrow in Victoria Newland
I mean to actually
understand
Ukraine is incredibly
complicated so at this point the bad
guys can show their work right in front
of us and we'll just go ah I have so
many other things to complain about like
the national dat it just seems more
important I'll let that one go so we let
it go they can do stuff right in front
of us
now let me give you another example
where they can do it right in front of
you Daniel Dale I talked about this he
still has a
job he he ranked the the lies and the
fact check for the debate 33 to1 with
Trump lying 33 times and Harris only
once now this is an example of where
there isn't in my opinion the slightest
chance that he thought that was
real do you
disagree see I I don't think there's the
slightest chance that Daniel Dale is the
fact checker on CNN and doesn't know
what the facts
are but he scored It 33 to1 what's that
tell you well it tells me that
something's happening right in front of
you right in front of you they're doing
it right in front of you there's no way
that was organic I don't know where it
comes from I don't I don't know what
forces caused it and I'm not saying
somebody talk to him because we don't
need to do that everybody knows what
they need to do
you don't have to have a conversation
about it everybody knows so if Daniel
Dale still has a
job then they can do anything they want
right in front of you doesn't have any
consequences at
all all right so let's look at uh how
secure our elections are now that we
have a few data points we know that uh
the Democrats are massively using
lawfare against Trump and that the
Department of Justice is
corrupt um in a really deep way so could
you say that the election is
unrigged if one team has been
essentially illegitimately law faring
one candidate out of office for over a
year I would say that that would be
enough to say the election's rigged if
nothing else happened just by
that how about Dr Epstein's work in
which he is he claimed that Google is so
obviously biased and fixed it can
completely move the election dial one
One Direction or another and it always
moves it toward Democrats do you think
that he's he's got a handle on that well
we don't know because I have trouble
trusting any data or any expert at this
point but I haven't seen him be
debunked haven't seen the debunk we did
hear that his wife was killed in a
suspicious car accident right after
people warned him that he might get
killed in a suspicious
accident so everything about that
screams that he's on to something but
you know I'm not the one who can confirm
that of course we have mailin votes
massive mailin votes that suggests that
the intention is to
cheat because there's not really an
argument on the other side that you know
there was no way to vote without mail
and ballots so mail and ballots are a
signal of an intention to cheat what
about the use of voting machines which
we've been told are Totally
Secure
well um have you heard of the secure it
act so that's a proposed legislation
that would uh close the election machine
vulner what the election machine
vulnerabilities
what huh well now I'm all
confused so the elections were secure
and we know
it but there are so many vulnerabilities
in the
machines that we need legislation and
major work and a huge
budget to fix the
vulnerabilities that we've been told
don't exist or at least have not been
exploited how would anybody know that it
wasn't
exploited here's my second question that
the news will never answer you ready for
this uh I'll make you a bet the news
will never answer this question it's a
very simple question are all of the
vulnerabilities that we're talking about
and it's stuff like uh shared passwords
across
States um some password credentials are
in the code so anybody who knew what to
look for could have found it some of
them you could connect to the internet
when you shouldn't some of them have uh
old software and they think the new
software would fix some bugs in the old
software that could have caused a
vulnerability so there a whole host of
[Music]
things but are those things the types of
[Music]
things that you could always catch it if
it happened there's the key question are
these vulnerabilities which I think
there's General agreement there's lots
of them because even if you think the
machines are great you're probably still
looking to upgrade them because software
gets upgraded so
how do we know do you do you ever
remember the news telling you well it is
true that there are um potential
vulnerabilities in the voting machines
but even if somebody tried to exploit
them they would get caught now we don't
want to be in that situation of course
we'd rather they don't even have
anything to exploit but if they did
exploit them in any prior year Well we
caught them because we've got a we've
got a check in the balance to which I
say wait a minute if you could catch a
problem on a voting machine what are you
looking at to catch it does that mean
there's some parallel system where you
can look at it and say well your voting
machine total didn't match this total
because if there's an alternate system
that's more reliable and you can use it
to test whether the voting machines have
the right total shouldn't you just use
that other thing as your Source if
there's some other thing that tells you
that the vote was right use the other
thing
otherwise I would be assuming that
there's no way to know if the machine
got the right answer or
not so there's the key question if we
all know and I believe this is now
established it's now
established uh that the voting machines
have vulnerabilities that at least
potentially could be used by bad
people are they the type that if they
existed in past
elections and they got
exploited that we definitely would have
caught them and what does that look like
how exactly would you catch them I guess
it depends on the type of
exploit but they're really telling us
two opposites one there are lots of
things that need to be fixed in terms of
current vulnerabilities two the election
was Secure and we know
it can those both be true
to me those seem like
opposites if if these vulnerabilities
are the kind that you have to fix it's
sort of suggesting by by nobody saying
it that somebody could have exploited
them and gotten away with it so this
again is the news saying well we haven't
looked behind the closed door but we can
guarantee there's nothing back there how
well nobody said there's anything back
there I know but you never looked
right do do you see how obvious this
is just think about the fact that you've
been watching shows and news and reports
about this topic election Integrity for
years and and today is the first time
anybody said the only question that
mattered if somebody had already used
any of these
vulnerabilities did you definitely catch
it because the system catches that kind
of stuff
if you've never heard the answer to that
question let me tell you the answer to
that question we would have no idea if
they were exploited that is the answer
it's the most important question and
most important answer and the news on
the left and the right doesn't even ask
it what's up with
that why is this the first time you've
even heard the question am I right how
many of you your brains are exploding
right now when you say my God that is
the only important
question since we've confirmed lots of
vulnerabilities in lots of different
ways if somebody had use those
vulnerabilities which we've confirmed to
exist would they definitely have been
caught
how it's not much of a vulnerability if
you get caught every time you use it now
I suppose there' be a different kind of
vulnerability where it just takes the
machine down and you know let's say they
take the machine down in Trump territory
so that that would be maybe harder
spots all right so we got that so we got
uh let's
see um the lawfare against Trump we've
got Google who is rigged we've got
mailin voting which only has one purpose
for rigging we've got the use of voting
machines that have lots of
vulnerabilities but they can't tell us
if they've been exploited in the past
um and uh let's see oh Montgomery County
in Texas just halted their voting
machine upgrade according to John
Becker now why would you halt a software
upgrade or an improvement in your
election machines because they're
they're there to fix a a problem I mean
that's the whole point of a software
upgrade there's either a vulnerability
or something and uh they've decided not
to and I think the reason is that they
can't be sure that the upgrade will be
secure that's a good point how much time
does it take to check every upgrade to
know that it's secure and how can you
know that a new software is better than
the old software I'll bet the people who
do the upgrade can't
tell now let me inject what Dr
insensitive jerk on X says good account
to follow by the way Dr insensitive
jerk um he has lots of good statements
even though his name doesn't sound he
sounds like a troll but his trolling is
always data related you know sort of
logical data related stuff so he's
good he says the following it's funny
that anyone believes a voting machine
could be secure against the men who
designed the hardware or wrote the
software how do you make it secure
against the people who designed it
that's not a
thing it's definitely not a thing you
can't be secure against the people who
made it so and how would you know that
the people who made it are all on your
side no way you can't possibly know it
gets better uh Dr incens of jerk points
out that even reading the code won't
help because hiding exploits an innocent
looking code is literally a sport now
when he says it's literally a sport to
hide the real meaning of you code in the
code I mean he doesn't really mean that
right it's not like it's an actual
International contest where experts see
if they can be the best to hide some
code and some
code it is it's an international contest
in which they see who can do the best of
hiding malicious or just hiding code in
other
code it's literally a
contest it's the international OB
obfuscated code
contest now look at Elon Musk when he
took over
Twitter he had access to the code did he
not and when he had access the code he
was like oh I found some problems here
we corrected them and then what happened
oh uh well looks like we didn't know it
but there's some other problems but we
corrected them and then what
happened okay there's some other
problems but we got them and then what
happened okay we found some other
problems but we corrected them I think
it took him a
year just to pour through the the code
and find all the things that were
rigging the results probably a year and
and the we're talking about the best
Engineers who are experts on the
system do you think the election people
are the best
Engineers you think there are a lot of
Elon Musk who said oh I could build a
rocket to space and make a car company
or I could work 8 to5 on that election
uh machine upgrade
stuff no you can't tell by looking at
the
code all right let's see uh we got the
total media control working on one side
as we on the debate we saw the Democrats
uh game the primary so that the voters
weren't uh involved really we saw that
Biden was replaced and we see the
immigrants are being shipped in and
every attempt to make them voters to rig
the system so let's uh let's go through
the full list now so is this election
going to be fair well we see law fair
before and we'll probably see law fair
after even if Trump were to win he would
be lawfare at out of office or or at
least they would try very hard so that's
rigged uh Dr Epstein's Google research
if that's true that's rigged the mail in
votes there's really no reason for that
other than rigging the use of voting
machines they're full of vulnerabilities
we know that and we wouldn't know if
they had ever been used before for
rigging and we won't know in the future
because that's how they're
designed um let's see what else we got
uh we got the media total media control
the Democrats rigged the primary uh
replacing Biden and keeping comell
Harris from our view and then of course
the Immigrant shipped
in so that's the bad news let me get to
the good news the reason I was wearing
my swaddling blanket today is because
you guys need some good news here's some
good
news voter enthusiasm is probably all
that makes a difference in this race so
the the smart people the ones I agree
with um say that getting your base more
of them to show up is going to be way
more likely to work than getting people
to change their
minds because there's not so much mind
changing going on but you might be able
to get more people to show up now I
don't think you it's hard to get people
to show up in person because it's hard
to get somebody's you know ass off
the couch if they don't want to do it
but it might not be impossible to get
people to mail by to vote by mail so
here's what I'd do from this day on
every every time there's another Trump
meme I would put a QR code on
it and the QR
code should take you to the Pennsylvania
page where you can request a mail-in
ballot and you should know that's what
the QR code is for and it should say
Pennsylvania mail and ballot I I posted
the link to the Pennsylvania mail and
ballot because winning Pennsylvania
might be the whole game a lot of people
say
so if you wanted to just drill in on the
one lever that might move the whole
thing besides IVF which could be
surprisingly effective you put a QR code
on your memes ideally you'd want
somebody like you know Laura Trump or
Scott presler maybe Scott presler should
do this because he's doing H signups in
Pennsylvania come up with one QR code so
everybody isn't using one and you just
say put this on your
memes and then everybody is what's that
QR code for but it maybe label it you
know P Pennsylvania mail and ballot
something like
that
uh yeah there's
another
okay so that is my suggestion put a QR
code that takes you to the link for
Pennsylvania Pennsylvania mailin votes
and just put that in the corner of every
Trump Meme and you're gonna get a lot of
people getting a mail and vote how hard
is it to give somebody to fill out their
mail and vote well I'll tell you I think
the podcasters who are pro Trump should
stop their Pro uh should stop their
programs and say hey if you're watching
right now from
Pennsylvania let's fill these out
together so you know take a moment I'll
give you a minute just go find go find
your mail and ballot just find it right
now and then fill it out vote for Trump
drop it in the mail and then put it in
the comments tell me in the comments you
just filled it out so you need to make
it a group social
situation U and that could
work Linda ronat complained about Trump
going to uh I guess he's going to Tucson
and he's going to be in a stadium or a
facility that has her name on it and she
didn't like that because she doesn't
like Trump the surprising story about
this story is that Linda ronat still
alive how many of you thought Linda
ronat had already
passed I did I saw the story I like how
is she talking from Beyond the Grave
she's 78 but she's a uh she's a cat lady
uh she's she had adopted kids but didn't
have her own kids but she does have a
cat and she said in her message quote
Trump hates women immigrants and people
of
color how do all the bat sh crazy women
come to that
opinion now I
get that Trump has different views on
let's say abortion than some of the
country but where in the world do you
get that he hates any women immigrants
or people of
color that there's not ever been even a
cintilla of evidence of that he's only
ever talked about policies which are
unambiguously good for the United States
such as closing the
border and that he just has a normal
protect every life opinion whether
they're male or female fetuses somebody
who wants to save every single female
fetus isn't exactly a woman hater if he
said oh we only want to abort the female
fetuses then that would be a woman hater
right there that would be a woman
hater but no he wants to save all the
babies you know that would be his
view he wants to do IVF why because he
hates women
no oh my God how do you even come up
with that all right ladies and gentlemen
this is my show for the day uh I'm not
going to talk to the uh to the locals
people privately today because I got to
run but have a great day and I will get
back to you maybe tonight in the man
cave for the locals people but I'm not
sure yet and I will talk to you soon
thanks for
joining and I'll have one final sip
before we go
oh that was good bye for
now for