I guess it's uh just about time for a
show you are so
punctual good work on that the stock
markets up a little bit Tesla's down
nvidia's
up now let's get our comments going
here soon as we got comments we got a
show there they are
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
Valentine's Day
Edition I don't think you get any better
than this but if you want to try you can
take this experience up to possibly
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brain
and for that all you need is a cuper m a
glass of tanker chel Ain a Cen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called
simultaneous zip that's right
go oh that's so good so good
all right people let's see what's in the
news today besides Valentine's Day
everybody got big plans for Valentine's
Day yeah me
neither you know uh it's not optimal to
not be in a
relationship but at the same time it
does save a lot of effort on Valentine's
Day it's hard to get Valentine's Day
wrong but uh given this Valentine's Day
you might be interested that Gwyn pelt's
company it's called goop that's the name
of her company goop they're selling a
sex pillow
$200 H $200 for a sex pillow now I think
the pillow is meant to give you extra
control during sex with another person
however there's no prohibition against
having sex with the pillow itself if you
don't have a partner so partner no
partner the pillow can fill in uh the
only question I have is how do you get
the goop off the
pillow sorry that whole thing was just a
set up for that bad joke that's all it
was put it on your mind you can't sell a
sex pillow and call your company goop
and then let me just ignore that I'm not
going to ignore that no no that's a
responsibility as a professional
humorist I have to I have to comment on
that well there's a a fascinating news
study in s poost Eric Dolan is writing
uh you you'll never guess this but
thanks to science we know this now
there's a study that suggests that the
Afterglow of sex can boost your
relationship satisfaction for at least
24 hours while and here's the surprising
part while sexual rejection creates
negative effects for several days huh
huh I wonder how many people they had to
survey to get that answer because if it
was more than one guy they worked a
little too hard just go to any guy uh do
you feel better about your partner after
you've just had sex
yes uh how do you feel when your partner
rejects you for sex
terrible and we're done here if you can
find even one man who says you know I
kind of like it when she rejects me for
sex and it's kind of creepy when we have
a good sex
no never happened next time just ask me
I can save you a lot of
time well according to the Federalist
and John lot Jr is writing um he says
that the FBI doesn't just have a
transparency problem they're actually
distorting data now what kind of data
would the FBI want to distort it's weird
isn't it why would they distort data
well here's an
example
um the the data about how
many how many situations are solved by
citizens who have guns very political if
it turns out that it's rare that a
citizen could stop a crime or save any
lives with their own personal handgun if
it's rare well that would be maybe a
strong argument for not having guns some
would say I wouldn't say that but if the
number of people or the percentage of
time that people with a
handgun kept a crime or a murder from
happening if that was a big percentage
well that would really change everything
wouldn't it well it turns out that the
FBI was reporting that uh only about 4%
of the time the person with the handgun
makes a difference the real number
according to whoever the cprc is is
closer to 35 to 40%
35 to 40% of the time if somebody has a
personal handgun it stops a crime or
prevents somebody from getting killed
except maybe the
per so remember what I told you that the
I told you something that is really hard
for anybody to accept the first time
they hear it and it goes like this all
data that matters and the the matters
part is important all data that matters
is fake and it has to be
it's not an accident it's because the
people who control the data always have
an interest always and so they just
shave the data and change the
assumptions and decide what source to
use and which one not to use until they
get the right answer it's always the
foxes counting the chickens if you're
going to have the foxes count the
chickens don't tell me that it's
accurate who who who trusts the foxes to
count the chickens no it's never
accurate the the only stuff that's
accurate is when nobody really cares one
way or the other then it might be
accurate even that's probably sketchy so
a perfect example of that even the FBI
faking data or at least choosing the
data they
like well according to a Irish study the
Irish examiner Shan Murray is reporting
that the methods that they tested to
reduce people's belief and conspiracy
theories have no effect
now if I hear that a bunch of
researchers tried to deprogram people
from their conspiracy theories and it
didn't work you know the first thing I
think is well whose method did they
use what was it a professional Persuader
who tried to talk people out at their
conspiracy theories or was it somebody
who doesn't know how to do it if if you
put me in the study and said all right
we're going to see if Scott specifically
can talk people under of their um
conspiracy theories I think you'd find
that I would do better than average
because it's something I've studied
right I'm a specifically I'm I'm a
trained hypnotist and I write about and
talk about and use persuasion all the
time so in
theory if it could be done at all I'd be
a little better at it than a person who
doesn't practice but there's a bigger
problem did you see it what's the bigger
problem when you're running a study to
see if you can talk people out of
believing conspiracy
theories there sort of a built-in
problem it kind of assumes that the
researchers know what is true and what
isn't and you know what how do they know
how do they know what's true because if
they had the wrong opinion their own
research showed that they wouldn't know
it because you couldn't talk out of it
so if the researchers thought something
was true that wasn't or something was
untrue that was true how would they know
since that their own research showed you
can't change anybody's mind if they're
wrong about a conspiracy theory so it
looks like nonsense to
me total
nonsense um there's here's a few stories
in a row that kind of make a picture so
Fox News is reporting David Spectre is
writing there's a former Marvel
executive you know the Marvel superhero
uh universe so the Marvel executive is
suing Disney because he was allegedly
denied a promotion for being an old
white guy now here's the fun part the
reason he knows he was denied a
promotion for being an old white guy is
they said we can't promote you because
you're an old white
guy they told him directly so lawsuit
now here's what black Americans have
never understood about um what you call
I don't know Reverse Racism or just
racism I guess they don't believe that
when white men are told they can't be
promoted and this has been true for
decades because remember it was you know
decades ago that I was told in direct
language you're a white male you cannot
be promoted here and then I changed
companies and next company told me this
same thing direct words not no beating
around the bush said it just that
directly this has been happening all
over the country for decades and the
white men just don't talk about it in
public because if they do you know what
happens the black men call them mediocre
said no you're lying you didn't get the
promotion because you're a mediocre
white man that's what happened to me
yeah the the the black
citizens poured into my comments and say
well no you're lying they didn't tell
you that directly you just are sore
because you didn't get the pro promotion
because you're a mediocre white man in
other words they were really
racist all right uh meanwhile attorney
general uh Missouri attorney general is
uh Andrew belly is suing Starbucks
because they have some kind of a a uh
race and sex based hiring practice which
would be of course
illegal so so now you've got Disney
which just actively discriminating
against white men you've got Starbucks
being sued for actively discriminating
against white men and then you've got
Goldman Sachs that just decided to scrap
its policy that said it wouldn't help
take a business public if they had an
all-white board
members so they said you you got to have
some diversity and you got to have at
least one woman on the board or we won't
work with
you which is of course racial
discrimination and gender
discrimination and U the good news is
that they changed so they're not going
to be that way but here's the bad news
I'm not going to forget
that if you think you can just change
from discriminating against white men to
not no I'm not going to forget it you
know I don't have any business to do
with Goldman Sachs but every one of
you you can you can drop dead all right
Adam Cora is talking about uh the
progress in cleaning up the LA fires
guess what the progress is in cleaning
up the LA fires and getting rid of the
debris and moving people back
in doesn't appear to be any according to
Adam Corola uh who's got a house there
he says remarkably no progress has been
made in the clean up oh no his actually
words are a quote zero attempt at
cleaning now over a month no cleanup
attempt no official government website
you can go to for any kind of timeline
when the power is going to be on when
can you get when can you get back to
your place the answer is no GD
idea now let's compare that this is
California's performance now let's
compare that to
Doge doge is already spinning up a
website in which they will be reporting
everything they're
doing it's all going to be there it's
already it's already up so Doge
consistently does the thing you expect
and want them to do and California seems
to only be able to fail it's like we
don't have as a state we have no
capability of doing anything and I think
it's always the same problem I think
it's the the state just necessarily
needs to inject eject corruption into
every big move and cleaning up La is a
big move they probably are just holding
out for diversity and getting their
their cronies the jobs and figuring out
some way to monetize this for the
government itself so I don't trust
anything about the California government
they have they have not earned any trust
I assume that the reason it's not
happening rapidly is just pure
corruption uh it could be
incompetence well bet it's corruption
and the corruption is they're trying to
f figure out okay how are we going to
make it look like it's not corruption
all it is I think that's probably what's
slowing him down I have no trust
whatsoever in my state
government well here's a story that I
seem to wake up to every single day it's
like Groundhog Day here's the story
there's a federal judge who blocked
something that Doge wants to
do how many times has that story been in
the headline how many s has some judge
done that
so here's what it should say presumed
crooked judge blocks Doge progress now
we don't know that they're all
crooked but it seems like it takes about
a minute to figure out that somebody
bought their bought their uh appointment
or their daughter or their wife is
working on something with usaid or
there's just some nefarious connection
or they've got a history of being you
know a rogue judge these are not normal
judges and one of the things that uh
Elan mus
says is if if any judge
anywhere can stop anything that Doge
does doesn't matter where the judges
anywhere in the country he says you
don't really have a government if any
judge anywhere can stop really be
stopping Trump the president and that's
a good
point how how can we have a
government when people who were not
elected you know these appointed judges
I think mostly they're appointed um can
stop anything from happening and they
can just keep doing it all day long so
somehow we have to figure out how to get
Freedom From The Crooked
judges um destroying the reputation
seems like a good
start but only but only if it uh is
honestly destroyed as if if they have a
conflict of interest they're not
admitting to and not recusing themselves
yeah you have you have to go after that
pretty hard so I don't know what can be
done but we can't run a country if
corrupt judges can stop everything you
just can't
so I would I would love to hear an
alternative like what can you can't
really you can't even impeach them
because you need two-thirds and there's
no way you you're going to get that so I
don't know um
Governor Nome made a what's being called
an about face according to the New York
Post so California governor um he's
ready to veto a bill that's coming from
his own party that would force uh the
prison system in California to um it
would keep them from cooperating with
ice or the immigration people so there
is a bill in California that says the
prison system can't coordinate with the
people who want to deport um the
non-documented
immigrants but the good news is nome's
going to say no now is that because he's
preparing to run for president and he's
just trying to look like he's a little
bit interested in the Border that's what
it looks like because otherwise I
thought he was all in on spending $50
million to you know Trump proof the
state but if instead of Trump proving it
is making it easier for the immigration
people I don't
know now I will uh uh I have the I have
the voice of Mike CERN Vision in my head
reminding us not to say good things
about uh
Democrats who can't be trusted
whatsoever even if they get one right so
don't be too excited if a Democrat gets
one right it doesn't mean anything you
know you you still can't have them in
charge
well of course RFK Jun got sign got uh
um fully nominated he got approved he
got all the votes he needed it was tight
but JD Vance made up the difference and
uh he's in um what did uh Schumer say
about that so Chuck Schumer goes in
public Kelly means pointed this out that
uh he goes in public and he says just
minutes before the vote for RFK Jr
Schumer said um that RFK wasn't
qualified because she was never a
pharmaceutical or insurance company
executive as the other former health and
H Human Services secretaries
were uh did he really say that in public
he said in public that the head of the
chicken coup should be a
fox really uh we'd like to put a fox in
charge of the chicken Coupe no no maybe
not don't put the fox in charge maybe
somebody who is exactly the opposite of
a pharmaceutical or insurance company
executive like RFK Jr yeah how about the
opposite of that is there anything that
Democrats can get right they actually
are on record wanting
somebody who would be the worst choice
you know even generically somebody who
was a for executive that's the the
problem not the solution he can't tell
the difference between the problem and
the solution no that's the problem that
they're too connected to
Pharma
weird all right um here's a thing I
didn't know about did you know that uh
president Trump appointed RFK
Jr's um
daughter-in-law to to be part of the
president's intelligence Advisory Board
now that's interesting
because um amarillis Fox Kennedy is her
name in middle name Fox she's a former
CIA officer she left in 2010 because she
was disillusioned by the corruption
within the
CIA now how much do you love the fact
that somebody who is disillusioned by
the corruption of the CIA is now on
Trump's presidential intelligence
Advisory Board I like it
she must know where the bodies are
buried I like
it right so that's good news and she
wants massive intelligence
reform well Trump's going to put on the
reciprocal tariffs today I assume he's
also doing some targeted ones um but
it's a little
unclear so the reciprocal tariffs are
that if any company or any country is
tariffing us uh he will tariff them back
in the same exact amount
now I don't know if that really works
because
usually they pick our you know tariffs
are usually strategic to an industry
where there's some imbalance in the
industry so I don't know if that works
but on paper it makes sense um and I
think uh Dana Pino said this on the five
that the whole tariff thing we don't as
individuals we probably don't know where
it's going but it's going to be real fun
to watch
so that's kind of where I'm at I'm like
H reciprocal tariffs and then I I
searched my brain bank for whether
that's a good idea or a bad idea and I
end up with I don't know I don't know
you know I I know a little bit about
economics and business I mean that's my
educational background but I don't
know I have no idea where that ends up
but I do like he's pushing the button I
do like is messing with it so something
probably could come out of it one of the
things that Trump does right and just
consistently right is he'll shake the
box when there's something that's not
quite working doesn't mean he knows how
to solve it but shaking the box is
usually the best first thing so this
reciprocal tariffs everybody gets a
tariff you're not exempt that's a pretty
big box shake so it might turn into a
bunch of little negotiations with
countries that maybe give us some
Advantage Maybe not maybe it's all we
need maybe just keep us simple you tear
off us we tear a few end the story I
don't know so uh I'm gon wait and see on
this one could be good meanwhile the
house budget now this is the budget um
that's been pushed forward by the house
the Senate still has to weigh in but
it's a $4.5 trillion
budget and it extends the 2017 tax cuts
for 10 years I like that
part
um and it's going to be uh let's see the
but it also increases the debt ceiling
by $4
trillion so does that mean that the debt
is going to go up $4
trillion or are they just thinking ahead
and it might be you know one trillion
per year which would still be bad um but
it might get to four
trillion so all this work with Doge but
at the same
time we're looking at raising the debt
ceiling by 4
trillion can anybody explain what's
going on
here because I don't understand and
again I'm somebody who watches news
every single day you know I like dive
into things pretty deeply I have no idea
no idea what's going on here but it
doesn't look good um it says they they
would try to get their congressional
committees to find at least 1.5 trillion
in spending cuts really are those
committees going to do something that
Doge isn't doing how does any of this
fit in with Doge are the Doge numbers
already baked into these estimates or do
they fix them later when when the Doge
Cuts become you know more uh let's see
more transparent and we know what's
going on
this doesn't make sense it looks to me
and I'd love to be wrong but it looks to
me like Republicans are going to drive
up the
deficit and that they know it and that
they've just all agreed to do it what
world am I living
in now I you know the first time I
brought this up I got a little heated
about it but I decided let me let me
back off a little bit I want to see what
Elon says because he's better at math
than I am if musk says yeah you know the
budget that they passed out the house
makes sense because if you consider the
Doge Cuts everything's going to work out
maybe I I would love to hear him say
that but so far correct me if I'm wrong
Elon Musk has been silent on this has he
not I haven't seen a I haven't seen a
comment if musk is silent about about
the budget that the Republicans have
passed that could only mean one
thing because musk is not silent on
anything that is big and matters and
what would matter more than this I mean
if you're working on cost cutting and
then the Republicans are worth are
working on making it all a waste of time
because they spent the money you saved
this is what I think's going
on I fear that Congress is so broken
that when they hear that uh musk can
find a way to cut a trillion dollars out
of the budget instead of saying yes
let's bank that reduction and that'll
reduce our deficit here's what I
think I think our politicians both
Republican and Democrats say oh we just
got another trillion
dollars and then they got to spend it
which is the opposite the opposite of
what you should be doing but that's what
it looks like it looks like they're
taking the Doge Cuts as a way to spend
money on other things in the same amount
as the cuts now I'm just saying it looks
like it I'm not saying that it is so can
somebody in the government who's good at
explaining stuff could be JD Vance could
be Elon Musk could be you know vake if
he's if he's dug into it enough I want
somebody smart to give me a whiteboard
and say this is what we're going to
spend this is what we're going to cut
here's how Doge Works into it here's
your your deficit for one year and then
this is the deficit as it will go
forward you need to tell us that because
correct me if I'm wrong if I don't
understand it as much time as I put into
understanding things like this and and I
have a background in this domain if I
can't understand it there's no way that
the the average you know barely
interested person understands it so yeah
we need we need some help on this one
please so I'm going to give a little
grace period and I'm going to I'm going
to back off of my heated cursing anger
over this because I might be wrong I
might be wrong it's happened before so
I'd love to find out I
am well John Bolton is in the
[Music]
news I love the fact that once you know
the
players then when they talk everything
makes sense but not until you know the
players
so John Bolton
says that Trump is a Russian agent
working for the Kremlin or at least he
acts like it he acts like a Russian
agent working for the Kremlin and maybe
he
is it would have surprised you to know
that John Bolton used to be involved in
usaid there there are no coincidences
yeah Bolton was part of
usaid um or he got funded by it or
somehow he was involved with it
so how many of you think that Trump is
an agent of the
Kremlin I don't think so well one of the
things that Trump's getting done is that
the military uh in anticipation of Jo
Doge coming for them are putting
together their own list of things to cut
now I don't trust it I don't trust it
but it's interesting that they're get
trying to get ahead of it so apparently
there's some weapon systems that even
the military thinks they don't need you
know that might be outdated or whatever
and so they're putting together a list
of outdated drones and vehicles and
things that you could cut billions of
dollars to now I think it's a
trick because they might want to be
trying to head off Doge it's like oh
Doge yeah you you don't really need to
dig into this we we've already done the
work for you uh thanks for setting us on
the right track uh we've already found
20 billion dollars to cut out of the B
budget we're
good but Doge might find a lot more than
20 billion so I don't trust the military
finding their own Cuts because it's
never worked before it's probably
probably more of a trick than an actual
you know good thing but we'll see so the
uh the Trump administration's buyout
offer to get rid of government workers
uh I think they were hoping to get
100,000 people to sign up for the early
early package to leave their work um but
they got 75,000 so far I don't know if
the window closed yet but
75,000 that's pretty good if if you're
shooting for 100 and you get
75 that's really good because how in the
world could you estimate how many people
will take an
offer it if you estimated it this well
you said 100 and you got
75 that's pretty impressive I don't know
if you if you've never done this kind of
work where you're estimating things that
are impossible to estimate this is kind
of impressive if you got within
25,000 so that's good um that's reported
by Dylan Burrows at
rsbn um but the other thing the Trump
Administration is doing is getting rid
of what they call the prob probationary
employees so I guess if you get a job
with the government I don't know if this
applies to the whole government but
you're on a firste prob probationary
period so if you don't work out in the
first year then I guess it's easier to
fire you so after the first year there
might be some protections that kick in
make it harder so they make sure that
the first year you got plenty of time to
find out if you're bad at your job and
they can get rid of you but the Trump
Administration will use that
same um the same fact to find the people
who just Jo joined and they're typically
the easiest to fire for a variety of
reasons now you might say to me Scott
the reason they hired these people is
because they needed them yes that's true
and let me say again the Doge process
does assume that they will cut too much
it's just built into the process it's
not a mistake if they cut too much it's
the process so the only way you can tell
what really matters is to get rid of it
and see how loud the yelling is there is
no other way if you think you can study
it and then scientifically and
surgically get rid of only the important
stuff you know you're you're only
removing the tumor but the the the
healthy skin around it is left intact
that's not a thing that's not a thing
nobody can do that it's just not doable
and no company would do that they would
do exactly what elon's doing they would
cut too far too far and too fast
and then when the yelling started they
say whoa whoa what' you say and they'd
listen to it and if they had a good
argument they put it
back let let me tell you what happened
when I was working for Crocker National
Bank in San Francisco and it was a about
the time that the um Wells Fargo was
doing a takeover so Wells Fargo was
going to take over that bank now it
happened to be just by luck that that's
that was one of the times I got told
that I could never be promoted because
I'm a white white male so I had just
quit just at the same time that Wells
Fargo bought my former employer and what
they told all the employees because I
stayed in touch of course what they told
all the employees is don't worry about
losing your job because we're going to
look at each individual employee and
each individual duplication of effort
because two Banks if you put two Banks
together you have all kinds of
duplication so they said don't worry if
you're one of the good ones
you'll be still with the combined uh
entity but you'd only have to worry if
you're bad at your job so that made it
easy because everybody thinks they're
good at their
job so nobody complained in advance too
much because they're like oh well I'll
be fine because I'm good at my job so
then the the transaction goes through do
you know what the first thing Wills faru
did after the transaction was
complete they simply eliminated
completely
everybody working in the duplicate
duplicate areas of the company they
bought all of them they got rid of all
of them and they just said we already
have people who do that and we're the
winning company we're the company that
bought you you're the company that got
bought the company that got bought you
just lost all of your duplicated stuff
you're all unemployed and will just keep
all of our people so it was a complete
lie it was a big lie super lie but
but some of us were smart enough to know
they're not going to be able to talk to
every employee and sort out which ones
to keep and then combine these two weird
apart departments that aren't exactly
the same of course they're just going to
fire the people in the acquired Bank of
course they are and sure enough now it
didn't didn't bother me because like I
said I just left to another company but
uh yeah there's only one way to do this
you cut too far you make Dr it cuts and
then you adjust if you need to no other
way to do
it um and it's also common to get rid of
first first year employees That's Not
Unusual well uh Trump has again um got
outside of the box when he's talking
about the uh military budget and he
suggested that the US Russia and China
could possibly all agree to cut our
mutual budgets by half now the first
time you hear that you just laugh at it
go okay you're not going to nobody can
convince their adversary to cut their
budget by half and you're certainly not
going to convince China who would like
to become the dominant world power
militarily economically in every other
way you're not going to get them to cut
their budget
right that's the same thing I thought
when Trump said let's make Canada a
state and I said to myself okay that's
not real he's just playing with them you
know maybe it's a
negotiation you know maybe he would like
to do it but you know clearly that's
never going to
happen but already it looks like it's
possible the candidate becoming a 51st
state I still wouldn't bet on it if I
had to bet I'd bet against it but
watching it go from a ridiculous idea to
huh how would that work
you know I'm a little bit
interested and then it turns out I I
don't know how official this is but I I
have it on good authority that if you're
not looking at the politicians and
you're talking to the public there's a
lot of openness in the Canadian public
because Trump says there would be
benefits for you I could lower your
taxes tariffs would go away you'd be
well protected and the Canadians are
looking at their own government and
saying okay under normal circumstances
this would just be
insulting under normal circumstances but
they can see that their own government
is
so
toxic that whatever it took to get rid
of their own government looks like a
good deal become a state yeah if we can
get rid of this government because the
government is destroying us so Trump
took the Canada 51st state from the most
ridiculous idea that maybe you've heard
in 10 years to already it's huh I don't
know maybe we should flesh this out a
little bit what exactly would it look
like you maybe we should do some kind of
a suggest some kind of a poll in Canada
to get some real numbers see how close
we are that now to me that's that's just
mindblowing it's just mindblowing that
that could go from crazy ridiculous to
maybe I don't know wouldn't rule it
down and so that's the context in which
I give you Trump saying that you could
reduce the military budget of the three
big
Powers first impression come on they're
not going to do that that'd be
ridiculous here's my second impression
because I'm already up to my second
impression if you wanted to do something
really big
there's never been a better
opportunity so I'm going to throw out
just some ideas these are the bad ideas
so nothing I say should be taken too
seriously it's just to get your mental
process maybe working at a different
level the weird thing about Russia China
and the United States that I think makes
it us all unique is not one of those
countries would ever want to attack the
mainland of one of the other countries
China would never want to attack Russia
or the United States United States would
never want to attack Mainland Russia
like with an invasion or something or
mainland China it would be crazy now has
that ever been true in history I don't
know that it has where we have a
situation where you you know the only
border is China and Russia and I don't
see any chance that either one of them
wants to change that border there's
that's not even a conversation so what
happens if you've got three powers that
coincidentally all have the same
problems this is where it gets fun all
three countries have the same
problems one is demographic China's got
a big demographic lots of old people not
enough young people it's almost
unsolvable it's like a you know Doom
heading their way United
States much the same we've got that
demographic problem Russia demographic
problem so we've got a bunch of
countries that are going to have severe
economic problems and you could argue
that we all three already do it's it's
harder for us to know exactly what's
happening in Russia or China because the
information is not reliable but there's
good reason to think that they might
have as much debt problems as we do
growth problems as we do we might be in
very similar situation
the only thing you
need is a common
enemy what if you had a common
enemy that's really the only way you can
get adversaries on the same page common
enemy and you know how uh Trump started
out with when he talked to Putin he said
yeah we talked about the history of
World War II which was the the cleanest
example of Russia and the United States
being on the same team for a while and
it worked out saved the world in a sense
so if we could find a way to be in the
same
team there might be something here it
might not be crazy so imagine if we
could say this and again the these are
not good ideas so when you jump on me
and say but you forgot this you forgot
that I know I know these are not good
ideas it's just to sort of deepen the
thought suppose Trump said to the the
other big countries how about this
forget about the United Nations why
don't the three of us agree that we will
never under any
circumstance uh invade or attack the
homeland of the
other now I think they would all say yes
yes if there's any way we can make that
happen yes we will never attack the
Homeland all of our problems are about
smaller countries there's Taiwan there's
Ukraine you know there are other
countries on the border of Russia
probably some other areas in the border
of China and then the US has its own
interests you know Greenland and Panama
and maybe
Canada and could it be that they could
reach an agreement now this will scare
you but could it be that we'd reach an
agreement where we'd say all right all
of the remaining property disputes let's
just settle them right now let's just
say if taiwan's your next door neighbor
and there's no doubt where it's going in
thew long run why don't we just say all
right Taiwan is yours no not today not
today the very minimum we need to do is
get the the chip making facilities out
in Taiwan but suppose suppose we said
why don't we make a 100-year plan and
that at the end of a 100 years Taiwan
and China will be the same country
because in 100 years there's going to be
you know Ai and changes and robots and
who knows if the chips will even be made
there anymore and everything will be
different so nobody really worries about
a 100 years but suppose you just say to
China we don't want to fight you but if
you go in and and get rid of our chip
access we have to so let's just take it
off the table let's just say for a 100
years we absolutely will not fight over
Taiwan and at the end of 100 years you
guys work it out you know I'm I'm not
saying that it gets absorbed but you
guys work it out in 100 years
now again it's not a great idea it's not
a great idea I'm just helping you think
it through then suppose we said uh each
of us have our own
interests so why don't we just take care
of our most local interests so we'd say
you guys don't fight with us over
Greenland or Panama and China maybe
should you know put a smaller footprint
on South America because Monroe document
you know the Monroe do I mean says you
know this this is sort of our domain
over here but in return we'll we'll stay
out of your business as long as it
doesn't go you know crazy in Taiwan too
soon and then you say to Russia all
right what's your biggest problem now
here's the trust problem you know you
think they're going to try to take over
all their neighbors and of course they
might so could you say how about if we
can just at least solve Ukraine and
agree not to move NATO any closer how if
we do that could you get a deal on
that maybe maybe you'd have to do
something to make sure they didn't use
uh you know uh their their uh let's say
they're clever ways to take over the
governments that they want to take over
on their borders but I feel like if you
if you made it zero risk of them being
attacked by NATO which you could do I
think I think you can get down to it if
you can get down to zero risk that NATO
wants to attack you then suddenly their
need to control the other countries goes
way down goes way down so could you do
some big deal where you just settle
everything at the same time and some of
them just have a a long-term plan and
others maybe don't need a long-term plan
now then you say look we also have a
common
enemy now I hate to put it in those
terms but uh because I'm not talking
about Islam in general because there are
plenty of moderate excellent Islamic
people but the radical version of Islam
which can spread if you let it is a
mutual risk to all three of the big
countries so China Russia and the United
States all have an interest in keeping
the radicalized part of Islam controlled
so you say to them we work together to
take care of
that and we also do something to work
together to worry about our demographic
problem perhaps maybe something about
our debt problems that are the same and
the best way to get rid of your debt
problems would be to reduce your
military spending by half so as crazy as
it is to imagine that we would negotiate
with
adversaries about cutting their budget
for the
military you know and you you'd expect
both sides would cheat and they would
hide their budget in secret places so it
looked like they cut it but they didn't
you know that's that would be a real
problem but could you get to the
point where where China Russia and the
United States feel like they're on the
same
team meaning that if China destroyed the
United States they would lose their
biggest customer but they would also
lose the their ability to control
external risks such as radical Islam
um could you find a way that we just
feel like we're the the three Horsemen
of the future and that um we do have a
responsibility to keep the smaller
countries operating and make sure that
we all have access to resources as
needed you know in the free market sense
and maybe the the old United States that
was very colonizing and we like to
control other countries um as Mike Ben
says you know if you don't control the
small countries you can't make pencils
because we don't make pencils in the
United States just one example so you
have to sort of control of markets so
you have access to the raw materials
what if we didn't what what if the the
world has changed and you don't need to
overthrow a country just have access to
their minerals you just make an offer if
China has a better offer they get it if
we have a better offer we get it but
maybe we say if it's in if it's in our
universe over here maybe you guys can't
be part of
that but there should be places where
everybody can get everything you know
you can get your raw materials for
anything
so question is can Trump do something
that big and I'll just remind
you that things that didn't seem
possible before suddenly look a lot
possible now I'll tell you what the uh
the bad guy guys are saying about Trump
talking to Russia they're already saying
oh he's he's a Russian puppet you know
sort of the John Bolton thing uh he's uh
if he they're already saying about
Ukraine that if Trump decides that the
current Borders or what will be the
final
borders and that NATO doesn't um include
Ukraine in the
future that would look like giving
Russia everything they want
which would look like Putin winning
which would embolden him you don't want
to embolden your
adversary and I say that's the wrong
frame I don't care if Putin thinks he
won I only care what I want why do I
care what other people want I care what
I want what I want is the Ukraine uh War
to be over so that you know there's no
argument about the Border countries
we're not sending you money nobody's
dying that's what I
want um if we decide that NATO will not
include Ukraine that's what I want I
want that so why are we talking about pu
what Putin
wants let's just get what we want
everybody who's talking about Putin
winning and getting everything he wants
why are you even care what he wants
other than
negotiating
but your happiness can be disconnected
from his happiness I just want what I
want I want to be out of this war and
not pay for it I don't care about the
rest not
really so yeah the first reframe is
don't care what Putin feels he won or
didn't win you only just just get what
you want as a as a
taxpayer anyway I guess uh there's some
fake news in the Wall Street Journal
somebody saying suggesting the advance
means that under some conditions the uh
the US military would get involved in
Ukraine what Vance did say was that uh
all options are on the table which we
always say right so I think that was
taken out of context all options on the
table is just what we always say because
it makes sense to we say it it doesn't
mean we want to put military there
that's not going to
happen
anyway um according to the Daily Mail
Health and Human Resources spent 22.6
billion giving migrants cars homes and
credit cards from 2020 to
2024 cars homes and credit cards now I
think what that means is it helped them
get home
loans uh made it legal for them to own a
car maybe there's some financial help
stuff like that
um but it looks like they uh yeah looks
like they were putting America last if
you know what I mean but here's what I
would caution you um I think we've seen
already that some of the early claims
about who spent money on what have been
so easily
debunked for example the condoms to Gaza
really condoms to mosm Beek now I agree
that we should cut it no matter where it
was going but the original report had
even the wrong country which is a pretty
big deal
um and you know it goes from giving
condoms to
terrorists to helping reduce the spread
of AIDS in a country that doesn't have
the resources to help itself I mean
that's a pretty big difference to know
where where it was aimed at um but again
you know I would be against that
asending either
way
and uh let's see we saw the the Reuters
story there was a story that Reuters was
being paid by our government for uh
massive information deception that they
use different words but was something
was right on right on the invoice and
people jumped to the assumption that we
were
paying to have Reuters brainwash
people I think the real story was that
Reuters was being paid or some some
element with the name Reuters somebody
said it's a different company then
reuter is the news agency but it might
be the same parent company I'm not clear
on that but the
but I think the real story was they were
being paid to study
it now studying it's real different than
doing it you would study it to try to
reduce it
happening that's that's the opposite of
paying for to somebody to do it now do I
think we should have had huge expense to
study that no the the expense is still
wrong and you know not really
supportable in my personal opinion
but you've I think you've seen enough
examples now where the original
reporting of how crazy it is about some
expense don't assume these are
true I think you can assume the big
picture they're crazy expenses that we
can get rid of most of them that's true
but when you see these really just two
on the nose like condoms to
Gaza to
Hamas that was way too much on the nose
like you should have spotted that right
away I think I did I think I called that
out as a you know don't believe this one
so just don't believe all the
stories but they might be useful for
making the
case but don't believe them um Doge
apparently has penetrated the
IRS I don't know how much money they're
going to or corruption they're going to
find in the IRS but I'm very interested
so I love the fact that the IR s is
being
audited we we went from the IRS is going
to audit you we've got 85,000 people to
track you down all the way to how about
we audit the IRS yeah how about that so
that makes me happy I saw uh John
Stewart on his podcast talking to Jen
Saki and he had a really interesting
question which
suggested his own thought process and he
asked her does management at MSNBC
tell you what to say because she has a
show on
MSNBC and she said no no they don't tell
us what to say no no we we have
Independence so we just look at the news
and decide what to say now you might say
really and then every one of you decides
on the same the same take so you all
independently just all by yourselves
came up with exactly the same take on
every story
because they never vary they all have
the same take on every story and and
even John Stewart wasn't buying it so I
think he was willing to accept that
leadership does not give them a memo
every day say cover this this way and I
think that's true but he pointed out
that Roger
ALS also did not tell people what to
write but they all kind of agree on Fox
News don't
they yeah there there's not going to be
anybody in Fox News who comes out
against Doge or against Trump being
president and as John Stewart pointed
out you don't need to tell people what
to do they know what Their audience is
they they know what the other people are
going to say they know what they can say
to fit in where they work you don't need
to tell them specifically they they just
sort of working out with each other so
even John Stewart see to be suggesting
although he didn't say it directly but
his line of questioning suggested that
he thinks that MSNBC is part of the
problem meaning that it's such obviously
propaganda that you can't not notice it
can't not notice it so he was actually
without using the words he was basically
accusing them of being worthless
propaganda um but
politely and I wonder if she I wonder
wonder if Jen saki believed what she was
saying that they have Independence and
just coincidentally all have the same
opinion I don't
know
anyway um let's check and see how uh how
did MSNBC cover the US Aid story well if
they were independent I would expect
they would cover it in all of its
elements uh they they hit every variable
so you'd have a good understanding of
both sides of that story if they were
real
news let me ask you if you watch
MSNBC when they covered us Aid did they
ever give you the Mike Ben's version of
the world you know the one where usaid
has never been a real charity it's
always been only only not in addition to
but only a statecraft tool for
overthrowing other countries or at least
controlling them do you think the msnpc
ever fully fleshed that out even if they
said it's not
true because how in the world do you
have a story this big the main headline
story and not mention what the other
argument is I don't think they've ever
mentioned it they're treating it like
it's a bunch of
Charities and uh people are going to die
if you cut off their funding they
already have some example of somebody
who was cut off of oxygen and died I
don't believe the story but you know so
no if if MSNBC doesn't even cover not
just the other side of the story but the
really really important part of the
story they're not news so don't imagine
that they
are well Thomas Massie representative
Massie had Michael shellenberger in to
talk to uh some part of Congress
and
uh uh Michael shellenberger says about
that um he said that USA this is him not
at the event but talking about it on X
later he said USA said it was a
charitable group it wasn't it was a tool
for regime change after 2016 it turned
its guns inward in 2019 a front group it
created fabricated the evidence used by
the CIA and moles in the White House and
house Democrats to impede
Trump that's
treason now you could say but but that
didn't
happen you know if you had some evidence
it didn't but how does
MSNBC not cover
it isn't it just screamingly obvious
they're they're not going to have
Michael shellenberger on to you know
question his thinking they're not going
to have Mike Benz on to say all right
we've got some different opinions
but we want people to hear yours so we
can you know have somebody debunk it or
something nope they'll just act like
there's only one opinion it's a charity
and mean old Trump is cutting the
charity and children will die Thomas
Bassie um said at the event I think he
said uh maybe this was an x no it was at
the event he said USA funded an
organization that fabricated evidence
which was used to impeach president
Trump which is what uh shellenberger
said and the Deep State frequently funds
regime change efforts abroad but when it
uses taxpayer money to undermine our own
government isn't that
treason so we have a member of our own
government who's looking at a part of
our government that we know a lot more
about this week than we did you know
last month and he's saying if you just
look at what they did just on the
surface they use taxpayer money to try
to impeach an American president in a
totally illegitimate effort using the
same tools that we used to run coups in
other countries isn't that
treason and the answer is hell yes hell
yes it's treason this is not a debatable
point how could it not be treason of
course it's treason it's the most
treasonous thing you'll ever see in your
life
so meanwhile Bill Burr the comedian um
he's got a podcast and apparently he
said uh he went off on billionaires and
he suggested that there were like rabid
dogs who need to put down so he believes
that the billionaires are the reason
that there are poor people now I'm you
know I'm summarizing him these are my
words not his but he thinks that if the
billionaires were not hoovering up all
the money then there would be money for
other
people how dumb do you have to
be to have that
opinion that's that's really dumb like
I'd love to say oh he's not looking into
this context or something but that's
just
dumb now he seems Smart in general
because when he does his comedy it's
very clever and so it suggests a high
intellect but do you really think the
billionaires stole the money does he not
know that Mark Zuckerberg wouldn't have
any money if he hadn't created Facebook
and created tens of thousands of jobs
and a tool that's used around the world
how much money would he have do do they
think that Elon Musk would have any
money at all if he hadn't created
multiple startups that added value to
the country electric cars that nobody
else could build a spaceship to
Mars he wouldn't have any money if he
didn't do those things what were the
poor people going to do it on their own
let let's see the Poor People's rocket
oh wow I guess uh mean old Elon Musk is
hoovering up all the money for the poor
people because they were going to build
a rocket to Mars the poor people were
and you know according to Bill bur now
they they got shut out so I guess I
guess they can't build their rocket Tom
Mars now old mean old musk just sucked
up all the money basically stole it from
the poor
people and you could just go down the
list which billionaire did not create
the wealth that the billionaire has a
small part of and most of these
billionaires don't even own the majority
of their own companies you know by the
time investors get their part and stuff
I don't know what what percentage does
Zuckerberg control of
Facebook I think he has some kind of
voting special shares or something but
it's less than half isn't it so this is
a complete lack of understanding how
anything works and yet he's
unembarrassed to have a public opinion
about
it I went and checked uh what AI said
was his net worth so so according to
perplexity and these net worth numbers
are always garbage because nobody really
knows what anybody did with their money
or what investments they made that's
that's not public information but they
they estimated he's a net worth of $12
million he makes a million per Netflix
Netflix special now if he has a if he
believes that wherever there's wealth
that's out of line with you know the
Baseline that that's an indication that
somebody's stealing money from the
poor how does he explain
himself how does he explain that does he
not understand that when he does a
special on Netflix Netflix makes money
and a bunch of people get employed to
put on the event and then a bunch of
people are happy that they watched it
and they pay money and the
economy improves because Bill Burr made
you know cumulatively $12 million how
does he not get that the does he think
he's also stealing and if he just keeps
it up he'll be a billionaire too but
he'll be bad person how in the world do
you come to the opinion the billionaires
stole the poor people's money now maybe
it happens in some country but the only
way it happens in this country is if you
make you make some
value that's way way more than you're
keeping all right uh so here's Chuck
Schumer again being pathetic and again I
think about John Stewart who who said in
public the other day on one of his shows
please please stop sending Chuck Schumer
out there because every time they send
Chuck Schumer who's like their best guy
right now it's so embarrassing to be a
Democrat because you're like God no can
you send anybody but Chuck Schumer no
not the super villain lady no can you
not AOC no no
they they just don't have anybody who
isn't embarrassing at this point there's
no embarrassing people non- embarrassing
people so this is what Chuck Schumer
said about
Doge um he said uh everyone knows
there's waste in
government oh okay so he's agreeing
there's waste in government he goes that
they should be cut but doge is using a
meax doge is using a Mex and I'm adding
it to my list so my list is generic
empty stupid that Democrats say
about Trump and musk all right here's
the list so far Trump is going to steal
my democracy doge is stealing my privacy
Trump is forming a
kleptocracy uh he's got dark Inc Senator
motives it's a constitutional crisis
look at all the chaos it's chaos um he's
a co-president musk musk Is Not Elected
doge is a hostile takeover he's Trump is
rewarding Putin and then doge is used as
a
Mex do you know why Schumer doesn't want
to use a
meax too
masculine yeah the Democrats don't like
masculine stuff like a meax oh that's
pretty masculine maybe a teaspoon so I
think chuck would say maybe maybe not
the meex how about a teaspoon and make
sure your pinky is
up speaking of masculinity I forgot to
brag so I don't want to lose that option
today I told you the story about clay
Travis was at some event he was on stage
and he made the point that the Democrats
have a problem with the the male vote
because they don't have uh masculine
Role Models now your first thought is
it's not about the masculine Role Models
it's about policy right they if if men
are moving
to the Republicans is because they like
the policies but it turns out that that
with young men they're not much less
liberal than they ever were that hasn't
really changed so policy-wise young men
still like Democrat policies you know
they're probably more pro-abortion than
the average Etc but they're still moving
Republican so the policies actually are
not what what's driving young men to
start to lean right and heavily lean
right it's probably the role model and I
think clay Travis is completely on point
that when when he asked he actually said
this uh who is the most masculine
Democrat right now in America mayor
Pete mayor Pete now immediately the
Democrat Karen who was on stage said oh
is that an anti-gay thing to which I say
why would you even say that what kind of
anti-gay question is that because if
clay Travis doesn't mention the gay part
at all it's not part of it it's just
that mayor Pete
doesn't doesn't jump out as a super
masculine character now there are plenty
of masculine gay guys right I don't need
to name names but it has nothing to do
with gay there are plenty of masculine
gay guys tons he just isn't one of them
so they couldn't leave their frame their
little frame is you're a sexist you're a
racist they just can't get out of it
they're so locked in it's all they can
see so Clay did a good job of saying has
nothing to do with that I mean do you
look at him and say he's masculine I
mean he had a better argument than that
but the reason I bring this up is that I
wanted to remind you and maybe get a
fact
check around 26
I started
saying there seems to
be two parties forming and it's going to
be the woman party and the man party now
doesn't mean there won't be both in each
but the dominant the dominant let's say
policies and and approach would be very
female in the Democrat Party and very
male in the Republican party and the
Republic Republican party would be you
know masculine men and people who like
masculine men and Democrats would be
mostly women and people who are happy to
follow the lead of women and that's
exactly where we are I couldn't think of
a masculine Democrat the closest I can
get is
uh is Governor
Nome Newsome at the very least he's you
know tall slick hair uh
heterosexual looks like he goes to the
gym I would call him masculine
wouldn't you is that
fair I would call him masculine so uh
but I think he's he's too degraded as a
candidate I don't think he has a I don't
think he has a chance of rising up
there's he he's going to have some
skeletons I don't think he can make the
make the move but yes I would like to
claim credit for seeing this trend years
in advance so the reason I point it out
is because I make predictions it's a big
part to what I do if I get them wrong
you should remind me to say it publicly
which I'll be happy to do if I get it
right um I'll probably remember to tell
you and it's all part of trying to
figure out who's good at predicting if
if I got it wrong I think I'd tell you
but uh got that one right all
right people keep ask me what would be
the best way to persuade a liberal to
become a conservative or a Democrat to
become a Republican or an anti-trumper
to be a prot Trumper and people always
ask me that question and I always I
always feel I don't have a good answer
because on one hand I think you know
maybe if I spent a lot of time with
somebody I might be able to move him a
little bit but I've never had that
experience I've never experienced
changing anybody's mind like while I'm
talking to him I don't think words
work words don't really talk anybody out
of anything most of the time especially
in politics when you're locked in but
then I saw uh a suggestion from a user
on X called uh Bill hind Daytona and
bill says I've recommended to my liberal
friends to lift weights testosterone
goes a long way toward curing
liberalism that's actually
scientifically
true if you increase the testosterone at
least in men if you increase their
testosterone they do become more
conservative they do become more
Republican that's a fact so my new
answer to the question how do you
persuade a liberal to become a
conservative if it's a man see if you
can convince them to lift weights or do
what Zuckerberg did you know get into
MMA fighting or just do something that's
going to build your testosterone and the
rest will take care of itself because I
think the Democrats are large l ly the
party of I can't do it by myself I need
some
help and the Republicans are largely I
can do it by myself just get the
government out of my way so how you feel
about your own confidence and abilities
completely determine if you'd be better
off getting helped or better off getting
the government out of your way and the
testosterone is completely determinant
of whether you feel confident and
Powerful to make things happen on your
own so yes the more you can get people
to lift weights the more likely they're
going to be Pro Trump that's absolutely
true scientifically that's a very clean
um
approach Elon mus said something
interesting um well he always does but
apparently he's had top secret clearance
for years I guess Biden gave it to him
in 2022 we don't know why I assume it's
because of SpaceX um but here's what he
said that is really interesting he said
I've had top secret clearance for many
years and here's the fun part and have
clearances that themselves are
classified what there's something higher
than top
secret he's seen things that even people
with the top security clearance in the
government haven't seen and not only did
they not see it they didn't even know
there's a higher
classification what
what do you know what that makes me
think I don't believe that we've
captured any alien
technology I don't believe we have but
when I hear
this I go huh suppose you had just
hypothetically suppose you actually had
an alien spacecraft with alien
technology who would you want to show it
to
to see if there's any possibility of
reverse engineering
it
right there's one person in the world
you would be most interested in showing
it to to see if he could reverse
engineer and it's Elon
Musk so immediately when I hear that he
has you know extra top secret clearances
Beyond clearances that ordinary people
can't even have it's not about the
Kennedy
assassination right it's not about I
know just some normal Secrets it's not
about oh the CIA is doing this that
would be normal
clearance to have special extra Deluxe
clearance that's got to be some good
stuff we don't know what that domain is
but given that he's the space and
Technology
guy maybe they have a
ship I don't think they do I think I
think we have zero space
spaceships but wow this made me this
made me wonder I had to question myself
a little bit I'm going to stick with it
we don't have one anyway according to
the UAE zero edges reporting this uh the
UAE Ambassador says the Arab world has
no alternative to Trump's Gaza plan
that's the plan where the United States
takes control of Gaza but Israel and
other countries rebuild it um which is
pretty surprising
because you'd expect that the Arabs
would come up with a plan that was also
practical to compete apparently not um
and he and the UAE Ambassador says
directly that removing all the
Palestinians and then rebuilding it is
probably the only thing that would work
that's what I think um he said it's
difficult but
inevitable that the Trump plan of
removing all the Palestinians and
rebuilding is the only way anything
could go now that's exactly my opinion
it's been exactly my opinion from the
start there is one and only one way this
can go they're going to clear all the
people out of Gaza now can you confirm
that I've been saying this the whole
time am am I imagining that I've been
saying the whole time the one and only
way this will end is with all of Gaza
being um depopulated
I want to see if I really said that
loudly and clearly enough that anybody
heard
it all right just confirmed okay so some
of you heard me say that well so again
if you're looking for who predicts well
this was a pretty shocking prediction
because remember I predicted that it
would be
depopulated and rebuilt and that the
Palestinians may not even be allowed
back
in uh long before anybody even suggested
that was a Poss
possibility
so that that's a that's a a win for me
on that one now if I know for some of
you it drives you crazy when it looks
like I'm bragging about what I got right
but remember I make
predictions so if I don't tell you I got
one right you know you're you're losing
half of the value you you should know
when I get one right and what domain it
is because maybe that's a domain I can
guess better than other domains there
there are some domains I can't guess for
example uh I can never predict who
anybody's going to pick for a vice
president I have no
visibility experience knowledge I can't
do anything on those but stuff like this
you know what is what is a logical plan
you know how can you get from here to
there I'm pretty good at that pretty
good at
that
anyway um meta has some kind of
breakthrough according to tweak Town
tweak Town that's really the name of a
publication
um apparently they can strap some
sensors on your head and they can
successfully read 80% of your
thoughts now the the 20% they can't read
is still big enough that they can't do
much with this
technology but what happens if it keeps
getting better what happens when the
AI can predict what you're going to do
before you know what you're going to do
because here's the joke we already know
that so without Ai and without these
fancy sensors we already know from brain
Imaging and other lots of experiments
that the part of your brain that handles
rational thought doesn't even activate
until after the
decision that that's one of the most
well understood things for many decades
they' every once in a while they retest
it and they're like y yep sure enough
the rational part of your brain is a
rationalizer it rationalizes the
decision it doesn't make the
decision what makes the decision is some
combination of irrational
impulses but then after it's made your
little rationalizer says oh it's because
I could see the greater opportunity in
that direction and maybe sometimes it's
true too but it's usually not why you
made the decision so we're going to have
a big problem with believing in free
will
once AI can tell you what you're going
to do before you do
it that will be the end of the Free Will
argument and that's coming you know I've
I've long predicted if you like my other
predictions you'll like this one too
I've long predicted that the belief in
free will will be
destroyed it's just a matter of time
because there's there's just like an
obvious path until it happens and AI is
probably the last the last leg of the
trip so that that's ahead of you
now what all of you want to say is but
but but how can you say that unless you
have free Free Will and then I say no I
had to but but how did this other thing
no you had to but but how did I choose
this you had to but but but I thought I
had Choice yeah you had to think it it's
always the same answer you had to you
didn't have a
choice all right that's all I got for
now ladies and gentlemen this
Valentine's Day is kicking off just
great my neighbors is getting noisy
doing some construction so I'm going to
say goodbye to the folks on YouTube and
x and Rumble and I'll talk to the locals
people privately for a moment but 30
seconds until private with
locals
e
e
e e