bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody hey
Chris Joanne Janet Greg come on in here
all of you gather around
those of you who are moving slowly this
morning hurry up hurry up it's time to
get ready for the simultaneous up when
we reach a thousand you know what that
means yes you do grab your mug your
vessel your glass your cup your chalice
and get ready for the simultaneous up oh
that was a good one
so I hope you saw the the funniest story
of last night so attorney Michael
avenatti stormy Daniels lawyer who's
also toying with a run in 2020 for
president unwisely agreed to appear on
Tucker Carlson show and it sounded to me
like part of the negotiation for
appearing in what would be an unfriendly
setting was it looks like Tucker agreed
not to use his insulting nickname for
avenatti now the insulting nickname I
believe is creepy porn lawyer so Tucker
noted that and he did not use the name
so he talked to two avenatti and said no
you know I agreed not to use the
insulting name so I'm not going to use
it and then whoever is in charge of the
chyron the little label that runs here
and it looks like you're not gonna be
able to see it too clearly if I turn it
sideways maybe you could see a little
bit better but right below foxnews runs
a guy run almost the entire time that
often are these on screen this says if I
quote creepy porn lawyer toying with
twenty20 run
so they bring this poor bastard on who
agrees to go into unfriendly territory
under the condition that Tucker not call
him by his his nickname and and he
spends the entire time on there
underneath the label with his nickname
now I don't condone that I don't condone
it but I can't say it wasn't funny
so Norm Macdonald says some people are
prompted me to talk about said something
that bothered people and then he needed
to clarify and apologize and in his
apology he said something else that
offended people so he had to go on the
view and apologize for the apology but
all of it was within 48 hours
and so I say Norma Donald you have
passed the 48-hour test to clarify
and/or apologize for what you said so
his latest clean oh it's Friday so
today's Friday so his show should be on
Netflix tonight I believe so everybody
watched Norm Macdonald on Netflix
tonight his new show somebody's asking
if I'm sick no I I just have some
allergies that always bothered me in the
morning they don't bother me in the
afternoon usually alright
I'd asked I'd asked those of you who are
using my startups app interface by one
hub it's a free download that if they
wanted to be a citizen reporter they
could turn it on and they could be paid
any any amount that they decide they
want to be paid they just listed in the
app
if somebody calls them they can turn the
app around if they're near a hurricane
Florence to show us some things that we
wouldn't see on the news give us some
extra views only I think I think two
people have done it so far one I
couldn't reach today I reached one and
but we got disconnected and I decided to
do periscope because it was time I'll
probably try that again but if you if
you look for a keyword reporter or
Florence you may find the same
individual on the interface by one hub
at so if anybody else wants to go on
there they've got a good view of some
flooding or something that would be
newsworthy just go in the app and we'll
see if we can find you oh I I can I can
commit that I'll try to call you so if
you have if you are near Florence and
you can give us a view out your window
someplace from a safe place I will call
you and see what you got going there all
right next topic so the big scandal of
the week is that the President Trump has
complained that the real death toll from
the hurricane in Puerto Rico was some
smallish number or closer to 18 than the
new estimate which is the 3,000 now my
understanding of the new estimate is
that it goes beyond the people who died
let's say that the day of the hurricane
and it uses some statistics to say that
in a normal period this is how many
people died in Puerto Rico but in during
this period X larger number of people
died now a lot of that is being
attributed attributed you I say to the
aftermath of the hurricane in other
words no electricity no services maybe
cook people couldn't get medical care
maybe there were more accidents I don't
know exactly all the causes but the idea
is that the hurricane caused a number of
deaths
because it took so long to recover from
it
now here's my take on it so the big the
big controversy is that the president is
denying the three thousand number saying
is closer to 18 now we know the
president likes to exaggerate a little
bit likes to use a little hyperbole so
let's say that his when the president
says less than eighteen if you if you
translate that to non Trump language it
means fewer than 100 right so let's say
that the president in essence is
claiming fewer than a hundred people
were killed by the hurricane and the
official government toll and what you're
seeing on CNN and most of the outlets is
that it's closer to 3,000 how do we
explain that how do we explain that well
let me tell you it's the difference
between a businessperson and a political
person the political number is three
thousand the political number is three
thousand and I'm going I'm going to
assume that they counted it correctly so
in other words it's presented as an
estimate and it's a difference between
how many people normally die in that
period versus that when he did that
sounds like a reasonably good way to
estimate something so I'm going to say
that the three thousand is somewhere in
the ballpark it's a it's at least a
responsible estimate but it's a
political estimate what was Trump's
number Trump's number well to the
political context but his frame on the
world this and lots of other things is
business it's a business frame in the
business frame how many people died in
Puerto Rico from the hurricane fewer
than a hundred how can both of those
things be true how could it be true that
in a poll
Nicholson's 3,000 ish people died but in
a business sense fewer than 100 died can
both of those be true yes they can years
how in a political sense you're looking
for who to blame right whose fault is it
you saw the same thing with why did
Hillary lose the election how many times
did you see somebody say Hillary lost
the election because of X no it was
because of Y it was because his Eve's
because of ABCD and there were a hundred
things that were the reason Hillary lost
the real answer is there was no without
reason Hillary lost there were hundreds
of them and if all of those hundreds of
reasons the hell are lost had not
happened just the way they did she
probably would have won if you were to
take away any one of the things Hillary
did take away just the deplorable zhh
take away just to comment about women
being you know it's time for a woman to
get elected take away just what she said
about some topic there were hundreds of
things that had to happen just the way
they happened for Hillary to lose so the
business analysis you know a business
frame on why Hillary lost is that a
hundred thing a hundred things happened
and they all had to happen just the way
they happened or she probably would have
won the political analysis of why
Hillary won politics you say well let's
find one reason and blame it on that and
they say oh it's because there are a lot
of racists in the Republican side and so
it was really a race election
but that's just one of the variables it
counts you know race was part of the
equation but there are hundreds of
things they all had to happen just the
way they did a political analysis picks
one out of the hundred that will sound
the best when you say it let's say it's
let's say it's I'm gonna say it's racism
uh that's the one reason but that's the
one reason Hillary lost now it's
ridiculous but in a political context
that's normal you picked the one thing
now let's let's take porto rico is there
one reason meaning the hurricane that's
the reason that 3,000 people died who
might not have otherwise died was it one
reason was there one thing that happened
well not really you know the the
president's critics would say well it's
two things
it's the hurricane plus it's the
inadequate response but two things but
those are political reasons here's a
business reason you ready for this
here's the business frame this would be
more of a trump typical frame i'm not
saying i'm reading his mind i'm saying
that a political and a business frame
would look different and it's clear that
trump's opinion fits the political frame
better but beyond that i can't read his
mind right so a business person would
say there were many variables which
caused these people to die and they
include terrible management by the
locals bad government by the locals
because had they had good government a
robust infrastructure more preparation
better emergency response more
coordination with fema had they been
more prepared earlier there would have
been a different result
so all of those things had to happen in
the same way that hundreds of things had
to happen for Hillary to barely lose all
of those things had to happen in Puerto
Rico it wasn't just a hurricane if the
hurricane had come through and Puerto
Rico was just nailed down they were
ready for a hurricane
their economy was screamin they had
agreed to become part of the United
States their economy was was just you
know pumping away their you know tourism
was hopping they were knocking down the
old sheds that weren't good for
hurricanes and they were building new
ones that were hardened according to
local codes that would require them to
harden them for the hurricane everybody
in the island knows they live in a
hurricane zone so they would be working
as hard as they could were there
excellent government and their high
economic output to put together an
island that could really withstand and
then they would be they would
communicate with the people on the
island really well and then the people
in the in the the island would know the
Hurricanes coming they would go to their
designated hurricane shelters which
they're good economy and they're
excellent management and good government
had provided for them they would hunker
down until the Hurricanes over and the
loss of life would be zero zero right if
they had good management on the hurt on
the island they know a hurricane is
coming because there's always a
hurricane coming so is the problem that
3,000 people died because of the wind
was it the wind that killed you know and
and the the water that killed 3,000
people well it was necessary it was a
necessary condition of the specific way
they died but it's not the reason it's
the political reason the political
reason is you reach into all these
things that all had to be true and you
pick out the one thing that makes your
opponent look like a jerk that's a
political estimate
3000 people probably did die but not
because the wind was heavy because they
weren't already let me give you another
example let's say I rent a helicopter I
go out over the ocean I get really high
and then I jump out of the helicopter
with no parachute I hit the water I'm
unconscious from the impact and I drown
what caused my death right I rented a
helicopter went over the ocean jumped
out became unconscious on impact and
then I you know drowned in the water and
maybe I was alive long enough then had
there been some way to rescue me that I
could have been rescued what killed me
yeah was it the gravity was it was it my
depression that caused me to want to
kill myself
was it the impact was it the drowning
was it the lack of rescue was it that
I'm not very strong so the impact hurt
me the way it might not have hurt
somebody else
was it the way I landed if I'd gone in
feet-first it would have been better
was it the height that I jumped from the
answer is all of those are ridiculous
things all of those things had to happen
for that specifically result it wasn't
one of those things it was all of those
things that allergies are good for
explaining concepts they're not good for
a persuasion I tell you that about three
times a day all right so if you're
looking at the Trump explanation for the
hurricane it is quite reasonable from a
business framework to say it wasn't one
thing that killed all those 3,000 people
it was the bad preparation it was the
bad government it was the the level of
response which wasn't good enough no
matter who they who you blaming that on
was that FEMA was it the locals who
couldn't use the stuff that FEMA had was
it their lack of preparation or lacked
government was it that their power
infrastructure was bad was it because
they didn't have medical supplies and
generators in place because they had a
bad economy I mean you could just go on
and on all of those things had to happen
let's take another one suppose they'd
been suppose porto rico had voted to
become a state would anything be
different well maybe you know maybe that
would have caused their economy to be
better or maybe they'd be more tightly
integrated with fema i don't know if any
of that's true but what I'm saying is
the number of the number of variables is
pretty big and to say that 3,000 people
died because of the hurricane in my view
which is not a political opinion I also
take the business opinion which
considers all the variables not just the
one you want to embarrass your enemy
with in my opinion the 3,000 is a valid
political number but it's not a valid
business number business says you look
at all the variables no exception in
politics you could ignore all the stuff
that's inconvenient and just pick the
stuff that embarrasses your opponent and
that's what 3000 does but there are
reasons the reasons have a lot more to
do with the situation when the hurricane
came I mean 90 percent of the cause was
in place before the wind even started
blowing you know it was a situation that
it was a disaster a disaster by its
design and that design came from the
leaders right the leadership of Puerto
Rico designed a disaster situation that
was guaranteed to be destroyed in a
hurricane guaranteed so I would say that
you know mayor's like Cruz whoever
whoever's the I forget her first name
last name is Cruz and she was the mayor
of whatever in Puerto Rico
Trump's biggest opponent I would say
that she has to take you know she and
other political leaders you know
collectively I think they'd have to take
85% of the blame just you know sort of
in a general sense probably 85% of the
blame was yes San Juan Thank You Carmen
Cruz thank you from San Juan I love
having the comments here because you're
like my extra brain you know I'm
technically a cyborg when I'm plugged
into all of you people
ah now when I when I put it in this
framework of the business analysis
versus the political analysis did that
ring true did that ring true at all how
many of you heard that and said oh yeah
that makes sense I'd like to see your
comments on that Scott do you think
we're pretty I do
so so hurricane hit in Wilmington
I believe the death toll will be low why
is the death toll low in Wilmington why
was the death toll low in her last
hurricanes last year the ones they hit
the mainland was it because the wind
didn't blow as much was it no that's
because there was a different level of
preparation different situation
different management different
everything so that's my point of that
all right so I'm gonna skip leave that
point for now apparently Kirsten powers
of CNN said on one of the I may be on
Jake Tapper's show I'm not sure we show
us she said that that Trump supporters
were I think she was talking about with
Fox News viewers that overlap she said
that they live in an alternate universe
where Puerto Rico never happened you
know the Puerto Rican disaster never
happened with the hurricane now of
course you know that's hyperbole she
doesn't mean that literally alternate
universe and she doesn't mean literally
that they think Puerto Rico didn't have
a hurricane but what she's saying is
that they're experiencing a and
alternate universe that's a half right
that's half right you know I'll give her
a credit for being half right here's I
always I'm gonna be careful here before
I insult everybody watching when
somebody says that the people in the
other news silo are in an alternate
universe to complete the thought it
would be more accurate to use vmi
analogy to movies
because when you say there are two
movies on one screen you are not
indicating that one of them is the right
one right if you're just saying two
movies on one screen
you're not saying - the right one huh
and you're living in that weird other
world where your movie is all wrong so
mine is depersonalized
but when you say the other side is in an
alternate universe you're kind of saying
well we're in reality and they're in
non-reality that is a low level of
awareness the higher level of awareness
is to realize that you're both in an
artificial reality and I'm here I'm not
talking about whether reality is of
simulation I'm talking about the fact
that both sides you know in general not
every person in the world but both sides
in their generic sense are experiencing
different universes and I don't think
either one of them is real in in the
sense that they correspond to physical
reality and they understand what's
happening in everything else
they both seem artificial to me now
which side is crazier which side is
crazier people on the right who are
experiencing their movie or people on
left or in a different movie there is
one side that's usually crazier they're
both crazy in the sense that they're
both divorced from reality is sometimes
right but it seems to me that the side
that's in power in this case Republicans
are less crazy because they're in power
you know that reality works out well if
you're in power if you're getting the
stuff you want you know you're getting
your judges you're getting your economy
etc you don't need to imagine a
different world you're living in exactly
the world you wanted it's the one you
expected it's the one you voted for so
the the group that's in power and
getting what they want
is experiencing something a little bit
closer to the facts the the side the
Santa power is crazy
for the entire time the throne of power
so I think the situation is reversed
from when Obama was in power and the the
birthers and the other crazy stuff was
happening on the right so right now the
Trump derangement syndrome was really
just Obama derangement syndrome when he
was in the power it's very similar it
just doesn't seem like it because you're
in one of the movies but from my
perspective I haven't you know I haven't
been against Obama so I didn't
experience the same thing but I observed
it you know I observe the craziness
being very similar but it's not that
it's not the side that's crazy it's
whether or not you're in power at the
moment this seems to be the activating
thing I it around or retweeted Jordan
Peterson's tweets which was on that NASA
story that where NASA is talking about
how the earth is becoming greener
there's way more greenery for last 35
years and it's very substantial now the
word and they and they send seventy
percent of it they estimate was based on
higher co2 co2 is good for fertilizing
your plants apparently if that's the
right word I'm not sure if fertilizing
is the right word but here's here's the
thing I'm having trouble understanding
why when they when NASA did the story
about how much greener the earth is
getting and remember it's a lot greener
like it's a it's a big affect very easy
to measure and they also know this is
because the co2 they believe 70% of it
is from co2 and that seems reasonable
because
commercial greenhouses actually pumps
co2 into it because it's so good for
plants so there's not really I don't
believe there's any scientific
disagreement that more co2 causes more
more greening and it's good for the
plants up to some level we don't know
what that level is so that's all true so
here's my question which one of the
planets or which one of the climate
models predicted that you see where I'm
going on this which one of the planet
models the climate models that predict
climate change which one of the many
models that were looking at to figure
out how the world goes predicted that
much greening I'm thinking maybe some of
them did you know I'm not willing to say
none of them did because I don't know
the answer to the question but if they
did predict it why didn't a so I'll
leave that out of the story remember I
always tell you to look for the negative
space look for the thing that's missing
NASA is talking about a co2 it's a it's
a story it's a story about climate
change it's a story about co2 and it's
coming from NASA who is very involved in
the question of measuring co2 and
climate change under those conditions
saying that there's been a major change
in greening caused by co2 how do you do
that story and not mention that the
model said it would happen how do you
leave that out could it be because the
models don't predict that and if they
don't aren't they missing an enormous
variable now I'm not saying that the
greening would be enough to compensate
for any warming but I also don't
understand how you could go through such
a period of things being better on the
way to things being
worse I suppose as possible right
there's got to be some level where co2
is just too much but how long does that
take because what would happen if we go
through a period where the you know the
Sahara starts greening which by the way
is possible I don't know if you know
this but there are plans for
legitimately greening the Sahara and
other deserts you know you we know how
to do that now what would happen if
things just got greener would the world
be worse off I mean this seems like
pretty good stuff you know if the or or
let's put it another way at what point
does it become dangerous for humans at
the same time it's great for plants is
that is that a thing
who is more sensitive humans who can
adapt and we can wear jackets and we can
put on sunscreen and we can we can be
indoors and we can have air conditioning
and stuff
who is more sensitive plants or humans I
actually don't know the answer to that
question you know it might be humans but
I got questions this greening thing
seems to work against my understanding
of of how things are supposed to be
working
scientifically alright again if anybody
wants to be on wants to be on my app it
interface at one hug please please do
that somebody yeah so I looked at a
number of people who are using the
interface by one how about I want to
give you a sense of some of the some of
the experts there on there I I took
screenshots of some of them
so we've got a senior elderly adviser so
if you've got an elderly person who
wants to know okay what are my options
for taking care of an old person what
kind of homes what kind of insurance
what kind of services you could find
that out you know Justin Dory a
professional skier who can coach you if
you want to be a professional skier
we've got a life coaching conversation
parenting of special-needs these are the
experts on interface by Wayne Hub app
you can learn to play drums or a guitar
there's a citizen video journalist
so it doesn't say the topic but somebody
who will turn on their phone if you call
them you can learn about crypto
currencies so there's somebody on the
interface but when he'll bap who
promises to explain why people voted for
Trump which is actually a really good
idea right because the if you looked at
the if you watch the Google video there
was a whole room full of people like
Google just didn't understand I don't
think they understood stood how Trump
won there's somebody teaching music
piano green buildings Photoshop business
in Asia discipline life coaching drums
Microsoft Excel DJing
there are a couple of people who will
teach you to be a DJ appliance repair
that would be handy medicine pediatrics
there's a there's an interpreter there's
an Arabic English interpreter so you
know there are apps that will do
interpreting but sometimes you want a
person suppose you're in a situation and
you just need an interpreter you could
just go here and say okay you know talk
to the phone and he'll tell me what
you're saying there's a Jewish Studies
guitar startup funding Ruby on Rails
JavaScript landscape these are things
you could experts you can find to her
live maybe not at the moment but
yesterday they were life traveling in
Israel let's say you were planning a
trip to Israel
there is an expert who has travel to
Israel you can tell you what to do or
not do cosmetology opiate addiction
treatment somebody on here who will who
has some experience with opiate
addiction and treatment if if you're
brand new into that category let's say
you kind of can't who's got a problem or
something wouldn't it be good to start
with somebody who knows what they're
talking about and then Donovan Loomis I
talked to him on periscope and he's an
expat who's living in Korea so he's a
Korea expert essentially because he's
just cuz he lives there please explain
money exchange under your face yeah I'll
give you the quick version so as of the
15th which is tomorrow I think you'll be
able to trade the when which is the
token that works within the app on an
exchange if you don't know anything
about cryptocurrency you can ignore all
of it just use your credit card and just
pay in regular money so we just have two
paths one is crypto what is money
regular Fiat Fiat - money Fiat exchange
fiat fiat currency what do you say after
a fiat and so you can trade the our own
tokens within the app and then you can
exchange them on LA token calm that's
one exchange it's on for other
currencies you could exchange it for
aetherium or a Bitcoin for example and
then and then you could take it to
something like coin base and if you've
got I think coinbase changes your
aetherium and Bitcoin to cash so there
are a few big exchanges that can change
it crypt out into cash
the smaller exchanges can only change
crypto into other crypto so in the short
run as you're building up your when
tokens which could go up in value but we
don't call it an investment and you
should not either
if you're building up a store of them in
this short term you would have to go
through two exchanges to turn them into
cash but they're more for people want to
hold on to them anyway in the long term
it will be easier to turn it into cash
so the more people who use the app the
more liquid everything gets right so
there's a correlation between how many
people use the app and how valuable the
when tokens are and therefore whether or
not exchanges will like to carry them
and everything will get easier to
exchange as the the take rate goes up so
LA token calm will start trading I think
tomorrow is the the first trade day and
then the price of the when will
fluctuate you assume it fluctuates a lot
on the first day so it could be much
lower than what it was inside the app
could be higher we don't know there's no
way to predict that stuff in the long
term it will stabilize and as more
people use them and the demand for the
app goes up and the demand for the
tokens goes up then the potential for it
to go up in value tremendously is very
high but it's not an investment does Yap
allow paypal not yet so we've got a
number of things we need to upgrade and
if people buy the when token that they
can get at interface dr. Winn hub calm
or they can buy them on LA token calm
tomorrow so as long as people buy a lot
of tokens that will provide financing
for the team to continue upgrading the
product
and I think that's all for now is this
similar to Google Hangouts Google
Hangouts I don't believe has a way to
make money so our what interface by when
hub does is allows you to set your own
price for the connection so you've got
something to offer and it could be just
conversation but it also could be an
expertise it could be that you're on
site at a disaster people just want to
see what you see so if you have any
reason to charge for your time during a
video call doesn't matter what the
reason is you just set your price people
either like it or they don't all right
why not take cash we do take cash now so
the lid the last upgrade this last week
adds a credit card option the credit
card option though we take a cut and the
bank takes a cut so it ends up about 20%
out of the from the experts cut if they
take crypto they keep the whole thing
but they accept the risk the crypto is a
little less liquid and they might have
to go through some exchanges and the
value of it certainly in the in the
short run is going to be quite what
would you call variable could be much
higher it could be much lower than the
price that you paid to to acquire them
can when hub but be used to learn to
cook meth unfortunately it can be used
to learn anything how do you make money
on this so when people make calls using
their credit card the startup takes a
cut of that they do we don't take a cut
if you use the when tokens that are
built into the system and you can
acquire on exchanges but because we own
those tokens you know as founders we you
know we hold on to some tokens if other
people use them if other people are
buying and selling them
and their value you know and it
establishes a value then the tokens that
we hold to go up in value so we make
money whether you use credit card or
whether you use tokens but in very
different ways one is more reliable and
short-term the other is more more
hopeful but is possible
who owns the content well the content is
not recorded the content is live is you
talking to somebody on video live so we
don't we don't hold any of your content
nor do we see it it's like a phone call
[Music]
talk about Kavanagh well there's some
magical accusation against Kavanagh but
we don't know what that is so I'm gonna
wait on that
that's a wait and see how does law
enforcement monitor a win hub no comment
but it's a it's a private transaction so
it would you know if they wanted to
monitor it I suppose law enforcement can
do anything they want but it's it's
intended to be a private conversation
between two people just how private well
it's as private as private as you could
expect by any digital communication
meaning it's designed so that nobody can
see it in other words we we don't have
any backdoor on it we can't see your
phone call you know we we don't look in
on your calls we don't have that
capability nor would we want it but like
everything else in the world if the CIA
or law enforcement said give us a
backdoor to that thing I suppose we'd
have to but that hasn't happened
so somebody says so it's not private at
all it it's as private as any digital
communication could be meaning that at
the moment nobody has a reason or the
capability to look at it but you but
nobody can say that can't change in the
future if the government says they won't
look at it this content recorded
restored no it is not it's just like a
phone call as private as FaceTime
exactly or Skype exactly no end to end
encryption not in the not in the sense
that you're asking now now it's not
meant to be for so you super secret
breaking the law where it's not for that
all right that's enough for now I gotta
go do something else you should - I'll
talk to you later