ba-ba-boom hey there's everybody come on
in dear Janice the rest of you where are
you wake up it's time for I think you
know coffee with Scott Adams grab your
cup your Stein you're jealous you moved
your thermos your tankard good and if
you've got it and you filled it with
your favorite liquid it's time for the
simultaneous sip join me oh good stuff
sue I saw that Georgia passed the
controversial heartbeat bill so that
women cannot get abortions if the law
holds up they would not be able to get
an abortion if there was a heartbeat
now I don't want to get into the
politics of abortion but I want to make
one comment I had said a while back that
individual states would have trouble
backing off from Roe vs. Wade it would
have trouble banning abortion because it
would be bad for their economy so this
will be perhaps a test case so three the
three companies have already three
Hollywood production companies already
pulled out from Georgia where they said
they won't work in Georgia I don't know
if they were there but what I'm
wondering is if you will see that major
companies will no longer agree to move
to Georgia so here's the economics of
that kind of law nobody is going to move
to Georgia because of the new law in
other words nobody will say hey I didn't
know where I was going to move I've got
an idea
I'll move to Georgia because I like that
new law it's not a law that makes you
move there you you may like the law you
might dislike the law but you would
never move because of the law
you wouldn't move there because of it
but a corporation almost certainly could
never move into Georgia now because the
employees would have too much resistance
so if you had a normal fortune 500
company
you'd have I don't know 40% of them 30%
whatever the numbers would be so
incensed about moving into Georgia
that the company just wouldn't be able
to do it so stockholders employees would
prevent that so I think Georgia may have
just shot their own economy but we won't
know I mean we might not know for five
or ten years all right
there's an interesting test case right
now I'll call it a test case about the
where's the dividing line on social
media banning and as you know a number
of conservative right leading people
have been banned lately and people are
saying hey if you're going to be banning
people on the right how about a similar
standard on the left now as you know
Farrakhan who some people call left some
people call right I don't know what he
is he's just sort of his own person but
he got banned so people are saying well
it's not just the right there's also
Farrakhan but he's sort of a gray area
but there's there's a cleaner case now I
don't know if you've seen Mike Stern of
it she's having a problem with a
Democrat troll the person he named on
Twitter is Rick Berger and apparently
this guy's behavior should by my reading
of it cross the line to be been able and
he's made enough of a he's made enough
noise about it that certainly the social
media companies are aware of this troll
and so this will be a good test if if
that troll who has been just horribly
abusive to to the sort of its family
if he stays on social media and he's not
banned I think we can I think we have a
conclusion so if he stays on there you
know you have to wait a little while for
the process to work but if he's still on
there in a week Serna is abusive
troll i I think that tells you
everything you need to know and if he's
gone and that's a good that would be a
good sign it means that there's some
kind of balance maybe it's a system
that's imperfect but it's crawling
toward getting better which would be
maybe the best you can do in this
situation
all right those are a few of the things
going on I tweeted yesterday that
president's tweet about the fact that
Gilead if that's sort of how you
pronounce it the drug company that's
making a AIDS preventative drug that
they got that the administration got
Gilly had to donate two hundred thousand
doses which would cover I think most or
all of the people who could not afford
it
so that would give you a very protected
population so I look for that story on
CNN go to CNN hey we're some updates on
this story because it looks like a
really really big thing in terms of the
president's initiative to eradicate AIDS
at least in this country and it's not on
there so I went over to Fox News is like
oh well at least Fox News will have it
it's not on there unless I missed it and
then I googled it and I thought well at
least we'll have you know some other
news outlets and the only one I could
find it was the Washington Examiner a
very pro Trump smaller publication and I
thought to myself is this fake news I'm
not even saying somebody's saying that
Fox Business covered it somebody else is
saying that the New York Times as well
do a search on it
do a search on that it feels as though
it's being suppressed doesn't it to me
it seems like it would be should have
been one of the biggest stories in the
world so Jane somebody says here James
Wood says he will not be on Twitter
until everyone has free speech well I
guess James Woods will not be on Twitter
because I'm not sure a free speech quite
applies to a private organization but
you want to get as close to it as you
can the good news is James Woods is the
healthiest person among us if he's
turned off social media he's probably
the better for it all right
so if you do a google search though
which I just did the what you're talking
about the New York Times article about
it it doesn't come up I mean it's not on
the first page and it's the New York
Times there is an older article about
the initial administration's initiative
being announced a few months ago
but I didn't see it on the top page so
maybe maybe it's just me somebody says
they got the New York Times he has the
first one well it was the first place
but I think it's an older article I
don't think it's a new article anyway
the point is it seems under covered but
there may be some there may be some
coverage I don't know about now think
about your world right now think about
the biggest problems in the world so
you've got nuclear power which will
probably solve climate change people
don't realize it yet but the nuclear
industry is revitalized and there's
almost no coverage of it but it's
probably going to solve climate change
and make energy a lot less expensive
we've got these AIDS drugs that appear
to be really really effective
the you know AIDS is certainly going to
be shrinking in this country I mean
almost guaranteed I would say and then I
told you about a technology that in some
university lab where they can D sell and
they water chemically so instead of
using a lot of energy to push water
through a membrane or to steam it off
the the usual ways that people
desalinate they can do it just by mixing
chemicals which would be a low energy
process and they already know how to do
it there's nothing to be invented they
just have to you know engineer it up
until it's industrial sized that's the
sort of thing that would make water and
no longer a problem so you could solve
water AIDS and climate change and we
already see the solutions now it will
take a long time for all these solutions
to be engineered into the you know the
scale that they need to be but we
actually have those solutions now they
all exist you don't have to invent
anything you don't need to invent
generation three nuclear which has never
had a meltdown in generation four is on
the you know is coming online and that
one can't meltdown even if things go
wrong and so if you get all these things
going you know a lot of big problem
solved I was also wondering and I don't
want to jinx anything
but when was the last time are you
worried about terrorism is it my
imagination or is Isis and al-qaeda
completely useless you know think about
it I I don't want to give terrorists any
ideas but if you were a terrorist
couldn't you do a lot of damage to this
country just you you know if if you were
evil and you planned and you know you
wanted to do whatever you could I can't
I can't convince myself that al-qaeda or
Isis are even trying anymore or or are
we so good at catching them that we just
catch them all because we might be able
to catch them all
it's entirely possible that our you know
total lack of privacy as yet as cured
and for all practical purposes may have
cured terrorism because it might not get
every individual wants to grab a gun and
start shooting but it might get all of
the big plots you know the big big
bombings and stuff it might get all of
them so summary says since the
notre-dame well I'm talking about this
country in the United States you know
you don't hear any news about you know
big organized al-qaida like plots why is
that do we really have such a good
handle on it that that it's been reduced
to almost done nothing all right
yeah la had that bust what do they found
thousands of guns I don't know what
that's all about
so he says we have many terrorist cells
across the US just waiting well wouldn't
you think with all of the incentives
that the bad the bad guys have wouldn't
you think there would be more successful
attacks all right yeah I know the
Caliphate is destroyed but they seem
ineffective so it almost seems as if
terrorism is no longer a big deal so
you've got the Syrian war has wound down
you've got North Korea is just trying to
get some attention but they don't seem
to be serious about nuking us you've got
the limit let me tell you let me make
another prediction I want to say very
clearly that you should never give
financial advice from cartoonists never
get financial advice from cartoonists so
what what follows is not financial
advice
but when you're looking at the China
trade negotiations and it it brings the
stock market down what would you predict
is going to happen with Chinese trade
negotiations is there anyone that thinks
we'll never reach an agreement does
anyone think does anyone think it won't
be solved because even if we don't reach
an agreement we'll just tariffs each
other until I'm some kind of you know
stable situation was created just from
the tariffs so there's almost no suit
yeah there's almost no scenario in which
things don't get worked out China wants
to work it out Trump wants to work it
out it's going to be hard you always
have some walk away as you always have
some threats this might be the most
obvious stock buying opportunity that
you'll see in a long time it's sort of a
fake problem it's a problem that you
talk about but not a real problem
meaning that the US and China will get
along they will get along one way or
another might be a month might be six
months could take a year but China and
the United States we're gonna get along
I just it's impossible for me to see a
scenario where things just unravel and
the economy falls apart yeah it looks
like a buying opportunity but don't get
your advice from cartoonists why not no
tariffs it's a good question why not no
tariffs I think the the problem is that
when you have a country like China what
they could do in a no tariffs situation
is they could they could dump a lot of
products in the United States below cost
put all of the US manufacturers of that
product that in a business because they
can't compete with products that are
being sold for less than a cost and then
once all the competition is gone the
only company is existing or Chinese they
survived because the government was
keeping them alive and then they can
take over the the new territory cuz
no competition so there are ways that
might not be the best example but the
thought is that if you had no tariffs
one of the countries could cheat there
are a couple ways you can game the
system so putting tariffs on people who
are dumping prevents them from dumping
so I'm no expert in this area and so but
you know in an approximate way the the
idea of having no tariffs isn't as easy
or as perfect as it sounds on paper I
think the funniest thing is that we're
selling more soybeans to China
now I'm no doctor but I'm I definitely
avoid soy whatever I can
how many of you avoid soy for health
reasons now so much health reasons I'm
not saying it's unhealthy but the the
idea that it it does some mimicry with
your hormones that you might not want I
don't know if that's true by the way I'm
not a scientist but it's in the news
people talk about it I could swear that
I could feel it I don't know if that's
true but my impression is that when I
ate a lot of soy I could actually feel
the difference in my chemical makeup but
that might have been psychological yeah
look at you it's a lot of soya avoiders
it would be hilarious if we ended up
selling soy only to China and it
completely changed the nation of you
know it just completely changed her
there somebody says that hormone stuff
is BS maybe I don't know I I just know
that I feel different when I eat it than
when I don't and if it's psychological
its psychological but psychology is real
- wow there's a lot of people who avoid
it here alright does anybody have any oh
so I saw it I saw a tweet yesterday that
I was going to retweet it was from
Camilla Harris and it was one of these
lawyerly tweets about what Trump did or
did not do about us indictment or a
subpoena or a and it was so boring I
just thought the big problem with comma
law have you noticed this nothing she
does looks genuine or human and it's the
lawyer problem you know calm lares was a
lawyer and for all I know she is really
good at being a lawyer but you take that
lawyer skillset and it doesn't translate
as perfectly to giving a rally speech as
you like and I ask myself how could
somebody with a lawyer background ever
beat Trump in an election I feel as if
that's the very but the worst trade-off
now Biden was Biden a lawyer can
somebody fill me in Biden was an
attorney before he's a politician right
but he's been a politician so long that
I would I would call him a politician at
this point not the Lord so at least Joe
Biden knows how to talk like an ordinary
person when you listen to kumla she just
doesn't talk like ordinary people talk
she's a little a little plastic you know
a little bit it's look it looks like
she's not comfortable with who she is
which is not saying she's not
comfortable but the way it it comes off
yeah the impression she leaves is that
she's trying to she's putting on a play
and it's not believable it's sort of the
Hillary problem and when I say it's the
Hillary problem before anybody jumps on
me and says you're being sexist I mean
the lawyer problem
you know Hillary Clinton was a lawyer
Camas lawyer I feel like there's there's
a precision that you learn with that
craft that you need to be a lawyer to be
a lawyer you want to use exactly the
right words and exactly the right order
because it matters to be a politician
it's something closer to the opposite of
that the politician is not working with
precision the politician is working with
feeling and big concepts and keep it
simple you know the one of the things
Trump does better than anybody is keep
as simple and watching a lawyer somebody
who's trained as a lawyer try to keep it
simple pretty tough all right when I
watch Trump one of the things I ask
myself is I try to imagine myself in the
future let's say 10 or 20 years in the
future in 20 years what her historians
gonna say about Trump's technique his
style really everything about the way he
operates what do you think the experts
who can say about Trump in 20 years I
feel like they're gonna say he's the
best there ever was on a whole bunch of
areas now they may not say they
certainly won't say he's the best there
ever was on all things presidential you
know they're always going to be things
somebody's better at but I think they're
gonna say nobody was better at at a
press event I think they're gonna say
nobody was more transparent I think
they're gonna say nobody was more
persuasive I think they're gonna say
nobody was ever better even close at
giving a rally speech I think that
Kennedy just lost his spot when you say
wouldn't you say that if you're thinking
about all the great presidents at least
you know in modern times
I didn't hear Lincoln talk but in modern
times you'd say well probably Kennedy
was the standard for captivating the
crowd
but now I would say that's that
certainly it's got to be Trump so the
things I think that Trump will be
remembered as the best president ever
would be negotiating deal making putting
uncertainty into things or the other
thing I think he'll be remembered for is
the idea of being friendly with
dictators while negotiating hard on the
details as he is with China right now I
mean looking look at the situation with
China and the US
I mean think think about this one of the
thing one of the things that you don't
notice is when problems don't happen and
there's a problem not happening right
now which is should be the the only news
here's that here's the problem that's
not happening the President of the
United States and the leader of China
are good friends and they respect each
other think about that were we're in the
midst of really tough negotiations on
economics with some really big tough
super gnarly problems this is exactly
the sort of thing that would normally
get two countries to hate each other has
Trump gotten us to a point where there's
no real risk of leader and leader really
you know being mad at each other at the
same time that we're negotiating like
you know like demons
you know below the surface it's exactly
exactly where you'd want this to be you
know the negotiations will turn out one
way or the other but the the way it's
happening is exactly where you want it
to be so I think that Trump will set the
standard for how to deal with countries
that are a little bit adversarial but
also we're friendly with him the
frenemies if you will
I think he's setting the standard for
that he's also completely d legitimized
the news industry
and people have different opinions on
that and the there two ways to look at
that one is my god the news industry has
been diligent mised and and you need the
free press to have a good functioning
democracy it's the end of the world
that's one way to look at it the other
way to look at it is that the press no
longer is the guardian of the Republic
the press their business model has
shifted because they can measure what
kind of things make them more money and
reporting the news honestly is not
always the thing that makes it and the
most money so the press is legitimately
I think the enemy of the people and if
that's true at the same time that
they're also valuable I think both
things can be true at the same time I
think that the press can be valuable in
large part and you know lots of
legitimate to valuable people within
that business at the same time it could
be so destructive to the Republic via
fake news such as the Russia collusion
stuff the fine people hoax the how many
hoaxes have we seen now I was going to
make a list of all the press hoaxes and
there were so many of them that just
sounded exhausting I the reason I didn't
make a list is that because there are so
many of them that I can just come up
with off the top of my head so I think
the president has done a valuable
service in waking up the public about
the legitimacy of the press and again I
think you can hold the opinion that a
lot of the press is good and valuable
and and you're replaceable at the same
time a lot of the press is legitimately
an enemy of the people and they are not
working in the interests of the public I
think those are both true at the same
time all right
I'm just looking at your comments here a
trump just called Joe sleepy creepy all
right well I got to see that let's see
in it let's see what Trump said I need
to read the exact quote okay bear with
me please talk about yourselves - damn
it
whenever I try to look seriously
whenever I try to find anything while
people are watching it all goes wrong
all right so Trump's tweet he says looks
to me like it's going to be sleepy
creepy Joe over a crazy Bernie
everyone else is fading fast so he's now
he's calling him sleepy creepy the fact
that the fact that he keeps playing with
a nickname he knows it's it's world news
every time he plays with the nickname so
he's taking all the attention now that
the the weekend news cycle if you've
noticed the weekend news is not very
interesting b-52's just landed in Qatar
I don't know what that's all about but
if I were Iran I wouldn't be too happy
so I'm not entirely convinced that Joe
Biden is going to make it to the
domination you might see you might see a
lot happened after the next debate so
from the beginning I was saying that
Gamal Harris might be the one it was the
most risk to Trump
but the more I watch her the worse she
is performing so she doesn't seem to
have whatever it takes to capture the
attention of the public so I think that
unless Biden self-destructs he might you
might make it you might make it to the
nomination we'll see I'm not taking any
callers because I don't have my right
microphone with me today all right
the child's videos I just I can't
imagine Biden winning it feels to me
I almost feel as if it feels as if Trump
wants Biden doesn't seem like Biden
would be the best matchup for Trump
because you don't want to run against
anybody who has a natural contingent
right you don't want to run somebody who
was nailed down the black vote or nailed
down the woman vote were nailed down the
gay vote running against any one of
those people would be a little harder
but running against somebody who's just
the bad version of himself I mean that
just feels feels like the easiest thing
in the world oh so I see questions about
Kerry in Iran well so the issue is that
Trump has accused John Kerry of maybe
negotiating with Iran or advising Iran
against the interests of the United
States and of course John Kerry he says
that's ridiculous he's just doing what
all former heads our former secretaries
of state did which is keep in touch
that doesn't sound even slightly true to
me you know as as political lies go some
of them sound a little bit true some of
them sarin well I could see why you'd
say that's true but when John Kerry says
that his conversations with Iran are
nothing more than him staying in touch
with the people that he was in touch
with what he was in office that doesn't
even sound slightly honest
I can't believe that of all the people
John Kerry wanted to stay in touch with
it was the Iranian government because
they'll be friends forever
well what what did he think that was
going to be about I mean what did he
think was going to happen so I can't
quite bring myself to think that John
Kerry is actually working in the
interests of Iran over the United States
like I I can't quite wrap my head around
the thought that he would do it and do
it somewhat publicly because he's not
really hiding the fact that he's
visiting with Iran right that's not like
a big secret his daughter's husband is
married to Iran VIP Iranian VP so he has
some connections over there but it would
not surprise me it would not surprise me
if he said some negative things about
Trump in Iran how could he not if he was
talking to people he knows and he was
talking to them privately I just don't
think he was helpful so I certainly
certainly wonder what's going on over
there so none of that is good but I
doubt it rises the level of prosecution
but none of it looks good his son-in-law
is Iranian somebody is saying well but I
don't know that that would make him want
to you know just the fact that has an
Iranian connection doesn't tell you that
he wants to favor a reign over the
United States I don't think that would
be enough yeah yeah shouldn't Americans
be allowed to talk to foreign
governments yeah so I I doubt it could
be prosecuted it just seems like a
really really bad thing for him to be
doing as a as a patriot as an American
is hard to square it
so I just don't know enough about that
he's trying to salvage the nuclear deal
what's the salvage I don't see how that
could be salvaged by the way look at all
the deal how many deals has Trump
canceled you cancelled the Paris climate
Accords
TPP he cancelled our trade deals with
China I guess he cancelled NAFTA and he
canceled the Iranian nuclear deal TPP
yeah that's a lot of canceling and how
many of them have worked out worse so
far none right there are things that are
in progress and we don't know how
they'll turn out but as far as we know
nothing bad has happened yet has it so
we'll see all right well I don't know
how much else to talk about I'm gonna do
some other things and I will talk to you
later