don't dip do but boom hey everybody I
know there won't be many of you here I'm
coming to you from totally the wrong
timezone but some of you let's say on
the east coast of the United States
waking up early
those of you in Europe whoa I'm getting
some regulars here do you people ever
sleep you do not so I'm not in Singapore
now that would be fun I'm in Amsterdam
in the Netherlands I'll let you look out
the window here in a minute if you like
but I thought I could take a few days
off from periscoping and from
simultaneously sipping but I can't I
can't
it's time for the simultaneous up
because the news is too good too much
fun you're too happy and you're ready
for your coffee let's have it
[Music]
that's good Dutch coffee right there all
right so where to begin
it's all fun stuff let's see let's start
with President Trump saying that he
would be ready to back some legislation
bipartisan legislation which is
important to get the federal government
and of the criminalization of weed
business now why is this important
well it's important for a number of
reasons number one it's good for people
good for the country I've referred to
this as a layup meaning that this is the
easiest to win a Republican president
could ever have what is more Republican
than let the letting the state's work it
out what is more Republican than waiting
for some small trials to give you
evidence and then you say okay based on
the small trial we could go bigger and
certainly there are enough States of
experiment
this at this point there you have enough
evidence to make a decision and so
that's that's important but there's
another part of this do you know how
much I like winning have I ever
mentioned that to you
some people think I'll get exhausted by
all the winning but um night I'm not
tired yet
you know I am not tired of winning
coffee yeah if you drink enough coffee
you won't get tired of winning that's my
secret a lot of people will just get
exhausted from all the winning and
they'll be like Oh what do I do I can't
take another win and then I say you can
take a few more wins you can do it just
have to drink your coffee so here's what
I'm talking about I have been getting
shat upon for approximately I don't know
seven years for something I did back
then just shat upon and let me tell you
what I did back then it was in a day
when Mitt Romney was running against
already President Obama for his second
term and I ended up endorsing not
essentially but in an indirect way
endorsing Romney now when you hear that
you say to yourself well that makes
sense you know you you seem to like
President Trump
why wouldn't you like Romney makes sense
right but not for the reasons that you
think the reason was the President Obama
when he was running for his first term
said that he would leave the states
alone when it came to medical marijuana
dispensaries but in his sometime I think
it was maybe toward the end of his first
term he changed course and started going
at least making noise that he was going
to go hard at dispensaries and there was
a specific Californian gentleman who was
obeying the laws of California he was
trusting that Obama meant it when
said you would leave his hands off of
this business and he was now being
charged with crimes that could have put
him in in prison for 10 years 10 years
of prison for somebody in my state
because wait for it because the
President of the United States who was a
Barack Obama at the time lied that's it
because if Obama had kept his word and
kept away from the dispensaries this
gentleman obeying all the laws in
California providing a service for
medical marijuana users doing a public
good and making money - you know was it
what's more American than that he would
have been fine but here's a real problem
if President Obama had changed his mind
on the policy and then given his new
reasons even if I didn't agree with the
reasons I would said well people changed
their minds and I would said I might not
even agree with his reasons but those
are reasons he showed his work and I'm
willing to say that even though I
disagree with the reasons and maybe
strenuously disagree with him the system
is still credible because he he
explained why he did it
he changed his mind people change their
minds I'd be okay with that at least in
terms of the system being credible but
he did not do that
President Obama simply changed his mind
and I think people asked and I don't
believe he ever gave a reason now when
you change your mind on something that
will cause somebody to go to prison and
maybe lots of people and you don't give
a reason that's cause for firing that's
a firing offense and then the context of
the presidency that means either
impeachment or don't don't really so on
that one point I endorsed Romney and I
said this I don't even I didn't even
care about his other policies what I
said was that there was only one
one legitimate candidate left so even if
you didn't like Romney's policies and
even if you loved Obama's policies this
one obvious point of distrust in my
opinion eliminated Obama as being a
credible candidate for a second term and
all he had to do is explain why he
changed his opinion and I would have
changed my mind on that even if I
disagreed with him but I went further
and I said and here's the fun part
remember this is about 7 years ago ok
right no it would be yeah 6 or 7 years
ago
here's the fun part I said that I
I was endorsing Romney because I
believed wait for it that a moderate
Republican could get could get what
Obama couldn't get which is let the
state's decide on marijuana do you know
how much people shat on me for that
prediction the prediction that a
moderate Republican could get something
done on medical marijuana or even
recreational simply by leaving it to the
states and Republicans would say I don't
like that oh you're leaving it to the
States
alright okay so Republicans could sell
it internally
whereas Democrats might fear that would
make them weaker in the next election
because because it would just be handing
a it would be handling a weapon to the
other side so of course the
Conservatives whenever it was handy
would say yeah you're legalizing drugs
you know we're against that and it might
cost them some votes but if a Republican
does it the Republicans go why are you
doing it and the answer is I'm being
consistent with Republican policy giving
it to the states so and so here we have
a a moderate in my opinion moderate
Republican President Trump who is doing
what I said could be done six or seven
years
and got a shat on for it now we don't
know if he'll follow through with it but
it looks like it looks positive
yeah there's legislation is real he's he
said in public that he'll endorse it
it's it's a layup
all right I don't know what took so long
maybe the only thing that took so long
is that he was waiting for some
legislation where he could you know talk
about it in concrete terms but it's the
perfect time to do it all right so I'm
very happy that my Romney prediction
from years ago which everybody laughed
at me laughed at me I say oh how they
laughed at me who's laughing now and
drinking the tears of my critics will
you join me for a quick sip of coffee or
beverage that I will call the tears of
my critics that's good tears all right
there we have the story about Dennis
Rodman who apparently has got funded
from pot coin and somewhere else they so
his trip to Singapore has been financed
he'll be over there and I had speculated
that he would be in in a very
non-traditional way he would be additive
to the process let me tell you why now
there's the obvious reason that he knows
both people he was the he was the first
person who sort of broke the seal of can
we even talk to them he's the one who
the first person who said publicly hey
these two guys could probably get along
he's the one who gave Trump's book art
of the deal to him probably the
beginning of Kim jong-un's
you know travel to figuring out who this
president Trump was so all credit all
credit to rob him right say what you
will and I'm not saying that you know
his efforts alone or or
you know make this happen but hey
somebody's got to go first he he puts
skin in the game he took
tremendous risk reputationally
physically in every other way and I
think he did it for the right reason
I believe that when Rodman accepted the
very first invitation that his thought
process was probably lots of variables
like well this might be interesting in
you know I think I'll enjoy it as well
but I think he thought to himself this
could actually make a difference
and sure enough it probably did at least
in the way Kim jong-un thinks now the
reason that you know the two arguments
for why he should be part of a process
in any way or not part of the process
comes down to this the process is very
serious and so serious people like to
keep serious topics in serious mode
right but you what you you may have
observed that the g7 meeting that
President Trump was not keeping things
in serious mode he was literally joking
in public with you know Justin Trudeau
you know joked you know that Justin's
decided to get rid of all their tariffs
you which wasn't true it's just funny
and apparently he's been joking around
at that meeting with other people who he
had an otherwise tense situation with so
the first thing you need to know is that
we don't have a stiff president we have
a president who's known for joking and
so that changes your equation about
what's appropriate right because you
know chances are both the President and
kim jeong-hoon will be joking in their
own way during the process of this this
meet now the thing I talked about is how
bringing bringing a context to a
negotiation is sort of the pre suasion
you know it's part of it's part of
getting people's minds prepped putting
you in the right state of mind taking
you to the to the friends mode instead
of the war mode right if your mind is in
war mode and you're trying to talk peace
you might be in the wrong mode but you
bring Dennis Rodman in
and he is the most visible and it helps
that he's visible that like he's he's
actual a physical object a human being
who who we all can see in our minds so
visual things have a greater impact so
he's not only visual in the most
spectacular way but he is also
representative of friends with both of
these people so if you bring in that
kind of a background feeling you know
you put that kind of a frame on it
simply the fact that he's in the
Singapore changes what's possible right
so from a persuasion perspective having
Rodman's name come up as much as
possible and it helps that he's going to
be physically there it makes him a story
you know when the negotiations happen
the negotiators won't be able to talk
about it they'll be sort of in meetings
and stuff but where will Dennis Rodman
be I'll tell you where Dennis Rodman
will be on camera all over the place
Dennis Rodman is going to be probably
more prominent than any of the other
players because they're actually busy
and they can't really talk about the
negotiations until they have something
done but if the if the atmosphere is
being filled with Rodman goodness people
are just going to absorb that the he's
he is the most visible unforgettable
sign of friendship between the United
States and North Korea and and
specifically the two leaders that he's
the ideal ideal thought to put it in
everybody's mind I'm somebody asked
about Michael malleus I am scheduled for
Michael malleus interview it's coming up
when I get back to the back to the
mainland back to the States and I'll
I'll tweet that out so you don't miss it
so good for Rodman for all the right
reasons all the right reasons I think
his head's in the right place his
intentions are in the right place skin
in the game
well good now let's talk about the
kneeling NFL protestors I'm in I'm in
Amsterdam right now if people are
wondering so you probably you also the
story by now that President Trump has
offered that the the NFL protesters can
come meet him in the White House and if
they have suggested people who are the
subject of unfair treatment by the
police or the justice system more by the
justice system in this case than the
police that he will consider pardoning
them probably one of the smartest most
clever things you've ever seen in your
life all right
so first of all Trump has set up this
pattern by pardoning a number of
high-profile people and lately the
people he's been pardoning and even
talking about pardoning because he's
talking about Mohammed Ali now tend to
be brown or black and he just invited
now that he's established that pattern
that he's the guy who is pardoning brown
and black people that that our last
president would not part him for
whatever reasons now we set up that
pattern and now he can say with complete
credibility that if you guys come in and
meet with me and you've got you know
serious suggestions about who to pardon
that there's a real good chance some of
them will get pardoned obviously not all
because of not every situation is equal
but that's real now there's no NFL
protester who could see that offer and
think he's not going to do it right now
they have to bring him legitimate cases
you know somebody who really was
overcharged or served more than somebody
ordinarily would you need real cases of
injustice but here's the here's the the
cleverness of it the protesters weren't
exactly protesting jail time it's part
of the bit larger package of
of discrimination and that that they
perceive and feel and experience every
day
so it's part of the package but by
making this offer the president has
somewhat reframed it from police
brutality which here's the thing that
one's hard to fix because the police
brutality thing is hard to fix
politically because first of all the
statistics don't bear out the complaint
so right there you have a dead-end right
you can't do a major policy about
something where the statistics just
don't back it up but you also can't be
the strong against crime strong in favor
of the police and come out with a policy
that clearly is not good for the police
or the police are not behind so it's a
tricky place to navigate for this
president but he found this weird black
back door that I think just presented
itself by circumstance and a little bit
of luck but it's not luck that he
recognized the door you know other
people would have said well there's a
door that just appeared I guess I'll
leave it closed but he saw he watched
the door appear through this pardoning
process and he saw the door appear and
he thought I'm just gonna open that damn
door watch this you just opened the door
now by so doing he did what he always
does which he sucks all the attention
from the thing it was on to something
nearby and and now he'll he will have
changed the the conversation from is he
a racist to look at all these black and
brown people he's pardoning for the
entirely legitimate reasons who were the
subject of a little bit of war a lot of
unfairness and they're sentencing or
something about the process was unfair
it's hard for the kneelers and the rest
of the country to watch this anecdote
after anecdote because remember every
time he does one it's a new story and
it's a new person and it's a new it's a
new visual and
you see you saw the pictures of the the
grandmother the Kim Kardashian
recommended woman the grandmother who
was greeting her her family you see her
get out of the car and she's just like
runs over and embraces them and it's
like it's just great TV even even
president Trump's critics they can't not
film that right so all of these stories
are visual visual visual as somebody
just said here they are happy stories
and they absolutely kick the the old
filter in the face the old filter was
well he's a darn racist and he's sending
all these secret racist dog whistles to
his base if you're his if you're part of
the some racist organization right now
if you're in the KKK if you're a white
supremacist and you're watching this
pardonez a black person the pardons a
black person pardons a brown person
Barnes a black person pardons a black
person pardons a black person guess what
the last president wasn't doing this
pardons a black person pardons a black
person and does it for the right reasons
the very reasons that you know
generically the NFL protestors were
we're hoping could give fixed and they
see him making real difference in real
people's lives visual on camera look how
happy they are when they're out of jail
who can look at that and say it's all
part of a trick it's all part of a trick
the racist know that this part of the
whistle isn't real they're that they'll
listen to the other part of the whistle
but not this part of the whistle because
they know he he secretly whistled in
advance that he was going to do a fake
whistle you know it just gets harder and
harder to hold your your old view that
what that all of his actions are
designed to you know to inspire this
tiny little bit of his supporters who
are also gross racists
so so that's fun you also saw the story
about I think at least two separate
technologies were being surfaced in the
news for directly taking the co2 and of
the atmosphere and turning it into a
usable fuel now I tweeted which which
which climate model had that in the
model now if these new technologies work
oh and here's the thing the new
technologies don't have to be free or
cheap because if you assume that the
worst-case scenario of climate change
according to the proponents of that view
the worst case change is that it might
cost us multiple trillions and you know
kill Lex number of people now I don't
believe those those predictions but if
somebody comes up with some scrubbing
technology that only costs one or two
trillion dollars it's going to look
cheap so it only has to be better than
the alternative in order for it to start
making a difference and then you just
you just say how does technology usually
move you know once a lot of people and a
lot of money are in this you know
atmosphere scrubbing business and there
are at least two to three completely
separate technologies for doing it they
all reach yeah they'll reach economies
of scale they'll attract more more
testing smarter people they'll get
better or cheaper the whole time so the
the cost of cleaning the air should take
the same curve as the cost of computers
the cost of you know the the cost of
most things that technology is driven
down all right
so since the beginning I've been saying
that long-term prediction models of
anything whether it's finance or
something about the population or
something about the environment it
doesn't even matter what the category is
they're all worthless beyond one or two
years because there are so many so many
you know big Black Swan types of
unexpected changes that happen in the
atmosphere or the environment I mean
that you isn't it for am not where I am
so predictions are worthless because the
unexpected is what determines the future
the future is never a straight line
prediction and that's always what's been
wrong with the climate models now in
addition to other problems but that's
one of the big problems now I've been
saying this for a long time you I think
most of you saw me predict in the in the
past year or two that there would be
technological breakthroughs that would
break the curve and even if humans are
heating up the atmosphere we would
figure out how to how to fix that
because of the and what is that called
does anybody remember what I call it
when you have lots of time to fix a
problem that everybody sees coming
what's the name for the the law that
says yeah that's it
it's the Adams law of slow-moving
disasters the Adams law of slow-moving
disaster says that when everybody can
see a common even though there are lots
of skeptics that the main scientific
community believes this is coming and
they're all putting their minds to
fixing it that it's very predictable you
know we didn't run out of money all
right we didn't run their fuel we didn't
run out of money the year 2000 thing
didn't didn't cause a problem do you
remember when the the Gulf of Mexico was
completely destroyed or so we thought
turns out it wasn't as bad as we
because humans were pretty good at
cleaning it up the the nature was better
than we thought of cleaning it up etc so
yeah so for most of these things that we
have yeah that we have lots of warning
about our ability to remediate is really
really good now you know that let's talk
about health care I I tweet whenever I
can any kind of good news about
innovations in health care I think the
Trump administration has not succeeded
in in the health care reform they've
made some they've made some good
decisions some things that have happened
are good but it's more in the realm of
reducing regulations that sort of thing
reducing mandates and those are good for
the free market but I think a lot more
could be done just with spotlightz and
just with persuasion and those are two
things that this president does better
than any president he can make you think
about and focus on whatever he wants and
I think if we thought about and focused
on doing small trials of new health care
processes and systems not just
technologies but you know the whole
system I think we could get to far
better lower lower cost health care
pretty quickly he got burned on health
care yeah so he did not succeed in that
so yeah and there was a story also about
you know President Trump
signed the the right to try bill and
then there was a story about a woman who
had only three months to live she had a
cancer that had not responded to any
normal cancer treatments and so they so
she was allowed to do something
experimental and I I can't believe this
hasn't already been done because it
sounds so simple given current
technology that I wonder why this wasn't
already a thing that's been tested and
approved but the thing they did which
apparently set her on her way to a cure
is they took some of her white blood
cells out and then they cloned him until
there were just billions of them because
I guess it turns out it's hard to have
too many white blood cells it's one it's
one of the few things yeah I'm no
scientist but it sounds like it's one of
the few things you can just put a lot of
them into your body and you just get
healthier yeah that seems to be the only
the outcome yeah Charles Krauthammer
you'd be a perfect candidate for that
it's sad to hear that he's only got a
few weeks left apparently but so what
they did was they made billions of her
own white blood cells pumped back into
her and they just did their thing
sometimes people just need more of that
so that's the sort of thing that could
really be myth that could be really
making a difference now there's
something else that I've been saying for
a few weeks and I want to check back
with you on on it to fact-check me all
right so you're all fact-checkers right
now most of you on this periscope are
people who watch the news and pay
attention especially what it things that
President Trump does tell me if this is
true or not true and by the way but we
should all understand that confirmation
bias is weighing on us quite heavily in
this next question so I only need your
opinion and we'll let's mentally adjust
our combined opinions to say we could
all be under a confirmation bias okay so
with that caveat
my questions number one I I told you
that for the past month and now it's
been more like six weeks President Trump
has been unusually nice true or false
the the the moment that people thought
he wasn't is when he made that animal
comment which really was about ms-13 and
nobody's asking him to be nice about
that true or false
somebody says false look at the number
of throughs going by yeah for about six
weeks it's the most underreported story
in the world that although he's being
you know tough with people he's
negotiating with he's also being
friendly he is being firm with North
Korea in terms of we need to get the new
denuclearization or the sanctions don't
come off but both he and Pompeyo
are talking in almost clinical just
economic terms and you noted that the
one time that somebody in the
administration departed from that you
know when when when Rudy Giuliani made
the tragic I don't even know how to
describe this mistake but you know he'd
and I don't even want to repeat it
actually you know what he said so you
know what he said about North Korea
I know frankly I'm not even gonna repeat
it gives you also the news and instead
of the administration rallying around
him and saying well you know he didn't
mean it that way or you know he that's
just the way Rudy speaks or anything
Pompeyo said no was it Pompeo or I think
it was a spokesperson for the
administration said he doesn't read uhz
n't speak for the administration on
North Korea they just they just totally
they just totally dismissed him now I
think you know I don't know what
benefits Giuliani is bringing that we
don't see you know what's happening
under the hood what he says in closed
meetings which is valuable probably a
lot but
I don't think I'd let him talk in public
anymore
he's certainly not about topics that are
you know outside of the the legal
context so if you look at the the Summer
of Love as I've as I've called it you're
seeing also now let me see if you agree
with the second point all right so first
of all we got agreement that President
Trump for around six weeks or so has
been unusually nice it looks like a
change and and it seems to be very
effective and keep in mind that if he
can maintain this through the midterm
elections oh my god
you know it's he always had this secret
weapon is that the secret weapon was
just stop insulting people you know you
wouldn't ever think of that as a secret
weapon but it was something easy to do
that he could pull out anytime he wanted
and just wait for people to notice so
the so the funny part about this is this
is now the second time or third time
I've mentioned this on periscope and you
know by now that enough of the media
watches my periscopes that this message
is sorting to percolate you know on both
sides and nobody's touched it yet so
nobody I don't think anybody in the
general media as mit has made any
observation like the one I've made now
which is that he seems to have pivoted
toward a kinder nicer you know what can
I do for you kind of thing now that
would also make sense because he's
starting to deal you know he was always
fighting from behind if you look at the
entire election cycle you know he was
the scrappy fighter who was who was
making progress by being the toughest
meanest one in the fight he was the
junkyard dog and when he was in junkyard
dog mode it was very effective when he's
in a junkyard fight he was just the best
junkyard dog in a junkyard
fight and as a new president he was also
being criticized about everything and
assumed that he would fail tomorrow and
it was nothing but criticism he was
still in junkyard dog mode he had to
fight back hard to just sort of maintain
his place in the junkyard but now he's
getting some stuff done now it's getting
harder to avoid seeing that the that the
economy is strong he's got some pardons
that are really working against the idea
that he's some crazy racist he's moved
the embassy to Jerusalem Israel loves
him makes it harder to hold in your mind
they he's a crazy racist he two of the
most powerful how do I say this without
sounding like a sexist but still making
the point let me say it in reverse so
he's got women in the jobs of CIA
director and homeland security those are
two jobs which are our old are older
sexist models of the world would have
imagined being jobs that the men would
traditionally have right I'm not saying
they should or that ever made sense I'm
just saying that traditionally are our
sexist pattern-recognition would have
would have had a problem with that
or at least be surprised with it not a
problem necessarily but these are the
sort of things that that a fight is so
hard against the notion that he has a
problem with women that he has you know
a problem with other races that he has a
problem with Jewish folks because the
facts just continually refuted and if
you probably have noticed the persuasion
that I've been doing relentlessly on the
left has anybody noticed my calling out
their mind-reading how many of you are
starting to see when the critics of the
president are in mind reader mode
so so check me on this have I been
effective in getting you to see things
from that mode there are things that
really have happened and then there are
things which we imagine he's thinking
and their criticism has moved almost
entirely to the imaginary world where
they can see is his thoughts yeah well
once you see it the first few times you
see it everywhere but and look at all
the essence and so you see how many how
many people are now picking up that
filter it's a really useful filter
because and now let me ask you a second
question I'll wait I'll wait a way for
you to be done answering this one
there's a little time like here so you
can stop answering the first question I
want to move you to a second question
have you also noticed that the critics
of the president are almost stuck
entirely in that mode that the
mind-reading mode is sort of all they
have left so that the the amount of
their criticism is the same but they've
moved off policy and they're on to a in
his mind this is that now the other
thing that they do to criticize them is
what I call word thinking so if you
haven't heard me talk about word
thinking it's where you try to win an
argument by just say no my definition of
this word means it's something else
that's not thinking that's just talking
about the definition of words it has
nothing to do with whether what's
happening in the world you don't change
the world by changing what word you use
about it I mean you could in the terms
of a persuasion but not in terms of
understanding the world and so one of
the ways that you see this word thinking
from his critics is when he talks about
that he's already started building the
wall now when he says we've got 1.6
billion and we've already started
the wall what do we as critics say they
say no you haven't started the wall all
you're doing is upgrading parts of the
border security that already existed
what is he upgrading them to the wall do
any of you remember my prediction
probably I know maybe a year ago it was
a while ago I don't remember and I'll
look for confirmation that there's at
least somebody here remembers me saying
do you remember me saying that they
would need a wall solution in which
Trump could honestly claim he's building
the wall and his critics at the same
time could look at the same set of facts
and say he wasn't and what did I say
would be the way to do that I said the
way to do that is that you fix the
important parts of the border that have
inadequate fencing or whatever that was
there before why does it make sense to
do those first because you've already
proven there's there are problems there
if there was if there were an existing
fence that was keeping everybody from
getting through you wouldn't need to
build a wall there but he's picking the
very places that are the most important
to put the wall now I'm by the way in
all of these discussions of the wall you
know I often say so many positive things
about the president's you know technique
that you could you could often assume
that I agree with all the all the
direction of things the wall is a good
example of something where I'm not sure
I know what's the best thing to do how
much wall you need how much is enough
how tall it needs to be how easily
somebody could get over it I don't know
but here's what I do know it definitely
makes sense to build a little bit of
wall though wall and see how it goes
all right so that's one thing I can say
with certainty now if you do let's say
you do a 10-mile stretch which all
you've done is you've upgraded an old
fence or a smaller wall or a wall that
was easier to climb over and you replace
it with one that's hard to climb over
see what happens if it doesn't change
anything
and people just drive around to the weak
to the weak part well at least you knew
they didn't go over the easy parts so in
other words you've at least found out
that somebody is going to drive ten
miles because they can't get over this
part or at least not easily enough that
it's worth even trying so then you've
got an argument for building some more
wall but suppose you build ten miles a
wall and people are going over it just
as easily as they were going over the
fence
it could happen yeah all it would take
is one low-tech method to get over you
know whether it's throwing a rope over
or whatever it is it would only take you
know one low-tech method to prove that
the wall doesn't make sense but where
would you test the wall first there's
only one right place to test it there's
only one right way to do this if it's
like every other project you know that
any corporation that would do you go
first
to where it makes the most difference
which is where you already have wall it
just isn't a good enough wall because
people are getting over it and you build
a better wall and then you see what
happened that's how you would do this
project so the Trump administration is
doing forget about whether you want a
wall or don't want to wall either way
they're doing the right thing because
you have to upgrade the parts that are
falling apart
even the Democrats have voted for that
so there's no Democrat who wants at
least in the Congress who seems to be
supporting no border you know they're
just saying well we don't need a wall
per se but even they would have to agree
if you just do ten miles with your
upgrades these are the same places that
are important and muscle in the ones you
were going to fix anyway in some fashion
and then you know you then you have a
second decision
do you do more so the wall I think I
would say that President Trump has a
100% credible argument that he is
building the wall because he's doing it
the one and only way that any sensible
project manager would tell you to do it
build it where there's already wall and
there's already a problem because people
are climbing over then see what happens
to do a little bit of it get funding
more if you need it later all right so
that's happening so you're seeing in so
many cases that the criticisms of Trump
right now have moved from you know from
factual policy things to all right well
I guess a lot of stuff is working but
you know we call that a different thing
we have a different name for it we call
it not the wall or where we imagine
something in your head that you're not
talking about let's talk about Anthony
Bourdain I was not going to talk about
this
because I try to follow a rule and I'm
sure I'm sure I violated this but it's
my intention to let tragedies sort of
what's the best word I don't like to be
early talking about a tragedy because
the first you know the first days after
something like the Anthony Bourdain or
the Kate Spade suicide the first days in
my in my opinion are for the benefit of
the friends and family and that's it
right it's not for us to second gasp
it's not for us to jump in it's not for
us to have an opinion it's it's not for
us to you know connect it to the larger
world but I'm going to make an exception
in this case and here's why as we talked
about school shooters and now there are
lots more of them we should also talk
about apparently the suicide rate in the
United States has skyrocketed it's up
something like 30 percent since 1999
the statistic is it's up a lot and so
people ask you know what are the causes
for that and are we learning anything
here well here's what I'm learning when
Robin Williams killed himself by hanging
himself on a doorknob I said to myself
is that a good way to do it you know I
wasn't planning to do it myself but I
had to say I was curious and so you know
I looked into it a little bit I mean
again not for my own purposes
now when Kate Spade hung herself do you
think she was influenced by the fact
that Robin Williams did it and it worked
and it did not leave it did not leave a
messy corpse that a family member would
find you know if you blow off your head
you're you're damaging your family if
you hang yourself it's still terrible
but you're leaving and intact
corpse so there's there's some kind of
weird consideration in that so so I
think the odds that the media here's the
important part the media reported how
Robin Williams did it probably made it
closer to the top of mind for Kate Spade
and for a lot of other people the fact
that case paid just did it is almost
guaranteed to be one of the variables
not the only variable of course but one
of the variables that caused Anthony
Bourdain to say looks like that works
okay now in the same of the school
shooting now imagine if you would this
alternate this alternate explanation
suppose whatever there is a celebrity
especially a celebrity suicide suppose
the news followed the the following
process suppose they would report in one
place
the method because the method it's done
I think that's a legitimate piece of
news so you don't want to you don't want
to lose the fact that there are some
things that are just legitimate news but
suppose you said we're going to publish
this in one place in just ordinary terms
you know in descriptive terms you know
it was done by you know a strangulation
self strangulation method or something
and just generically and then anybody
who wrote about it could not mention the
method but could link to that antiseptic
message all right so I'll say that again
so imagine a law or even just a standard
probably doesn't need to be a law it
could just be a news media you know
self-imposed standard that says they'll
report that there was a suicide and the
reporter who was but when they talk
about the method it will never be in the
body of their report but it will at the
end have a link that takes somebody to a
very antiseptic the least active
description and you would get somebody
like a cognitive scientist to say okay
if you describe it this way people are
not going to say that's a good idea
if you describe it this other way if you
just let people use whatever language
they want to describe it they might
describe it in an attractive way right
so this this whole pre suasion idea that
the context you see information changes
your opinion about whether it's a good
idea or whether it's actionable you get
the experts to take the the dangerous
the dangerous information and you have
them put it in the least dangerous form
you just have one of it and you let
people link to it so that you don't you
don't put any responsibility on the
writer of the article to describe it in
the least the least active form so I
would suggest that I would suggest that
we have experts
translate it to an inactive form so you
don't lose the news value but you do
lose the accidental persuasive value
now I have one other comment about
Anthony Bourdain and I feel that this is
unfair but it might be useful so this is
it's irresponsible for me to say what
I'm going to say but it's also really
useful in a positive way so I think I
think this is more of a plus than a
negative or else I wouldn't say it but
be careful with this if you do a Google
image search on Anthony Bourdain you're
going to see something in his face that
the lying experts call out all the time
look at pictures where he's smiling you
may notice that there's a disconnect
between his eyes and his mouth all right
now let me do an impression genuine
smile the eyes and the mouth are both
smiling like that a fake smile the eyes
can stay sad while they while the mouth
looks happy if you look at Anthony
Bourdain's you know just a selection of
images just do a google search on him
and look at the ones where he's smiling
there are some in which it looks like
his eyes and his mouth are in
coordination looks like maybe he just
laughed at a joke or something but more
often you see you see dead eyes that
look like pain and depression even
though the mouth is happy he was quite
open about his past drug use I've seen
no evidence that he is currently taking
drugs except that his his body suggests
drug use so I don't want to start any
rumors that are unfair but because he
was very open you know he never tried to
hide how much drug use he had in his
past from cocaine to heroin to who knows
what
it would be hard to believe he wasn't on
drugs at the end but maybe but he
certainly looked like it so here's why
so while it is inappropriate for us to
act like doctors and think we can
identify depression in somebody if you
see somebody whose eyes and smile are
not lining up at least consider asking
some more questions yeah you don't have
to point it out and say hey your your
eyes and your mouth around the lion what
the hell's going on there are you gonna
kill yourself you don't need to do that
but if you see this in somebody you know
well yeah it's easier with somebody you
know well because you know what their
face is supposed to look like if the
eyes never smile they may need some help
now the bigger question is why are so
many people killing themselves why is it
an epidemic and I say to myself when I
hear when I see a news report that says
hey why is this suicide and epidemic I
say to myself why isn't it there's
everything every possible reason for
this to be an epidemic it's not one
thing it's almost everything right so we
started by talking about how it becomes
top of mind that other people are doing
and so of course the news coverage is a
big deal secondly people are less
religious than than ever I think that's
true people are less religious which is
one more reason to think there's no
meaning meaning in life if you haven't
found your purpose and you don't you
don't believe in God and you also
wouldn't be worried about the afterlife
so there's that I would also say that
the nature of modern civilization has
removed meaning and connection from our
lives so if you if you go back a few
hundred thousand years it was a tribal
life and people were we had evolved to
be optimized for this tribal social
cultural life and then when we realize
hey if we do mass-production and get our
economy going we can all we can all live
in our private little condos and then
you don't have
you know interactions with people
anymore so I would say that people went
from social creatures to something
that's not and they even depressed
people were part of his social structure
which probably did a great deal to you
know keep them from wanting to off
themselves so yeah and there's there are
studies that say that even a lot of drug
addictions are actually psychological
meaning it's not really the drug there's
just something about the way you see
yourself and your connection to the
world and if you fix those things in
your life getting off drugs turns out to
be almost easy even even bad drugs so
yes I would say that our world and then
then you add to you add to all those
things how busy we are
how little sleep we get how we're we're
jet lag how we're obsessed with devices
and looking at screens how we have easy
access to implements of death from from
guns to pills to now information on how
to do it from these three famous
suicides so if you put all those things
together it would be more remarkable to
me if suicides were not by 30 percent so
I think we're seeing exactly what we
should be seeing given the variables
that have changed when let me do a tie
back to something I periscope before
some of you probably saw my periscope
with Bill pulled a who's doing the
project where he's clearing urban blight
someone Detroit and Pontiac Michigan his
his nonprofit came in and Bulldog
bulldoze down to you know bare field
places that had been run down buildings
with you know prostitution and drugs and
stuff and crime and and now we're
starting to think okay how would you you
know rebuild in these properties what's
what's the most part
productive thing you could put back and
I think the biggest mistake would be
just to build homes the way we build
homes you know building homes the way
you normally build a home or even a
cheap version of building a home the way
you'd normally build a home it feels
like not good enough it feels like you
have to start first with what will give
people social connections in this piece
of real estate what will force them to
interact in ways that they actually like
and I'll give you simple examples that
you could for example say that these
homes are built primarily around people
with children and that there's a sort of
a central a park just for the the
community and that there they all rang
the little park and it's a safe place
with lights and video cameras and the
kids can go out there and play sports
and stuff doing that alone causes the
parents to become friends with each
other because you end up pairing up to
hey can you watch the kids while we do a
thing you know I'll watch your kids next
time you know are you going to the
school thing you know can can we carpool
that sort of thing so there are a number
of ways you can simply create a housing
area where you've intentionally created
situations for people to interact
without forcing it the the bad version
of that this is the worst version ever
is you say hey we'll have a social
director and we'll we'll have a bingo
night and everybody get together or
we'll have a Easter egg hunt and
everybody gets together that doesn't
work because those are artificial ways
to force people together and they don't
like it not many show up it doesn't have
any lasting value I talked about the
fact that my best living situation was
in my worst physical physical you know
room which was a dorm in a dorm room in
at college when I was you know eighteen
through twenty twenty I guess twenty-one
and the reason was that the dorm gave me
access to all kinds of people my age
that was interested in exactly the
people I want to hang out with etc and
it sort of made it unimportant what the
physical room looked like so if you
imagine that your communities could be
built around common interests if you
just build them around the common
interest whether it's raising kids or
it's being single or it's even or it's
even people who work at home people have
startups just a common interest it could
be sports whatever people have a natural
reason to interact and if you give
people natural reasons to interact
instead of bingo night at 3 o'clock
everybody common make friends you know
they will they will do it themselves and
then that works so you have to get that
right
if you want to take care of suicide if
you want to take care of education if
you want to take care of anything you
got to get you got to get the social
element of the physical buildings and
how they're structured and you know what
they can do right lifestyle first
furniture second and then you build as
cheaply as you can around that and then
you've got something the the normal way
that homes are built is opposite of EPs
so here's the normal way building
happens a builder will get a you know a
good piece of property that's in the
right right part of the world and
they'll build homes that look good and
that people think oh I would I would
like to spend time in that home
it feels good I'm everything looks good
but then they get in their home and they
realize that they've lived there for
five years and they've never met the
neighbor because the person who builds a
home and sells it to them isn't really
about that they're really they're not
about your social interactions they're
about selling you a house so if you
start first from how do we get good
social interactions and then then figure
out what you have to build to get that
that day you've probably heard from me
if not somewhere else that Bill Gates is
I don't know how far along he is but
he's working on the idea
of building a sort of a city from
scratch and I don't know what that means
to Bill Gates but I'm assuming it's
oriented towards low-income people
because you know this is would be
consistent with his with his charitable
work in in recent years you also saw
that Kanye West's has already started
hiring architects to design what will be
his future ideas about architecture and
building and the the first design that
came out of that
to my surprise actually was for
low-income easy to build and yet very
attractive housing with good light and
easy to clean and maintain yeah I think
there's probably still a lot more work
to do to get it to lifestyle but you see
you know two of the most creative
smartest richest people who are very
into this idea of building good and
emphasis on good housing that also just
happens to be perfect for people who
don't have a lot of money and it might
be the one and only way you can solve
the problem that people are too
expensive now you know if all you're
doing is trying to pay for people's
health care and housing through raising
taxes you've got a democratic demo
demographic problem there will be too
many old people too many poor people too
many people whose skills did not keep up
with the robots to just tax the people
who are left you need to figure out how
people can have a great life not just
okay but a great life by a community
that is designed more rationally and so
when you see you know Bill Gates is
working on it
I know Elon Musk is you know building
those free bricks and he's got at least
one other project where we're building
and expensively as part of it with
robots in particular you see Kanye
working on it you see me working on it
you see Bill pull day working on it
so you're seeing some of the well here's
the thing not one of the people I
mentioned
needs to be doing this right that what's
the one thing we all have in common all
the people I just mentioned we don't
need to be doing this because we can all
afford to live in a pretty good house
everybody I mentioned already has their
own house right we're literally doing it
I think I could speak at least in this
in this limited way I think I could
speak for everybody I just mentioned
this looks like one of the biggest
problems in the world
is how to it's how to get our lives more
meaningful by by putting us back in
contact with you other human beings and
being able to afford to live into our
old age those look like the world's
biggest problems because a lot of the
other stuff is getting solved right and
it's not an accident that you see the
people who live in the future at least
in their minds you know Kayne lives in
the future
Bill Gates lives in the future and in
fact has been one of the best predictors
of the future of all time Elon Musk yeah
he's already on Mars the guy lives in
the future right bill Polti lives in the
future so when you see all these people
who live in the future start focusing on
the same problem that means something
right we're all seeing the same thing
and and I'll take myself out of the
group just for this following statement
these are people who are good at
predicting the future so if you see them
all seeing the same future that means
something yeah
glenn beck has a design based on walt
disney concepts you know i'd be
interested in that because the the walt
disney concepts i assume you mean for
the theme parks are probably well
thought out in terms of human
interaction
I wanted I'm going to take you outside
to my balcony you want them outside
because I want to give you like a great
example of how to build a good place now
I might get if I lose the signal when I
go out here I probably won't sign back
on so