pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pop oh hey everybody come on in here
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
the best part of the day your adrenaline
and dopamine hit maybe a little bit of
serotonin today yep today it's gonna be
special a whole bunch of good chemistry
it's gonna happen in your body get that
get that day going right and you know
the best way to do that is with the
simultaneous app it starts with a cup or
a glass or a mug could be a tanker to
tell us or a stein maybe a thermos maybe
a flask any kind of vessel that you can
fill with a liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of this simultaneous it whoa
tingly all right I've got a bunch of
things to talk about today let's talk
about the census controversy so the
question on the census which I guess we
do every 10 years or so by
constitutional requirement is the
question of whether a president Trump's
administration can put on the
questionnaire are you a citizen which
apparently is something that we have
asked in the past for hundreds of years
but in recent years we haven't and the
thought is that if we include that
question bad things will happen now I
have made the mistake of watching the
news on this topic and if you watch the
news talking about this topic of whether
we should have a citizenship question on
the census you're gonna want to put a
gun in your mouth because I don't know
what happened to the news that broke it
means yeah you're not we're not that
surprised that there's fake news it's
not a big deal if somebody gets us act
wrong but watching the news talk about
the census question I just want to I
just want to punch the television
because here's
the conversation goes hey if we put that
question on there then maybe people who
say they're not citizens will not get
properly represented because the census
determines representation in Congress
and then somebody else says no that has
nothing to do with representation
because the Constitution says you count
all the people it doesn't say count all
the citizens so even if you knew this
summer citizens and some were not it
would have no impact on representation
because you would still use the big
number for representation and then the
next person will act like nobody had
ever clarified that in other words
somebody will clarify that that question
does not change representation and the
very next person who talks will talk as
if it does and say you can't do that
because then they won't be represented
and then the other person will say no
actually the question has nothing to do
with representation it's just
information we can use in different ways
so I I don't know what's wrong with the
news the news is just broken they can't
explain to us that that information is
not part of representation it might be
important for questions yeah somebody's
naming the name here you know what I'm
talking about but here's the question
that I haven't seen anybody ask and
there's something missing I guess
there's a gap in my knowledge that I
don't know the answer to this so maybe
you can help me why do we have to ask
that don't we already know and when I
say don't we already know who is a
citizen what I mean is donal citizens
have to have social security numbers you
don't we have enough data in the country
to know who is a citizen what we don't
know is how many people are here who are
not citizens am i right I'm all right we
know everybody's social security number
you know that includes
people have fake social security numbers
but those are the people who would also
fill out a form and say they were
citizens so if you're saying that the
fake people with fake social security
numbers matters I say it doesn't because
if you had a fake social security number
you would fill out a census and say yeah
I'm a citizen so you get the same same
result it's inaccurate but it'd be the
same so here's my question let's say
everybody filled out the census and they
do not tell you if they are citizens or
not they tell you their name and they
tell you do they tell you the address
they're living at let's say that's part
of the census do we not have a database
of all of the names and addresses of
people that we can compare to the people
who have social security numbers in
other words if we had a data of all the
people whether they'd be residents or
not if we knew what that population was
and we also know how many of those exact
same people are citizens does that not
tell us who is not a citizen because
they answered the census but they do not
have a social security number that puts
them at that address I wouldn't be exact
but neither is the census the census
isn't exact you know sort of a
reasonable estimate that's good enough
so who has who has asked that question
am I the only one to say do we even need
it we probably have all the information
we need if we also have the census
information that's the part that's
missing somebody says what database what
I'm talking about is the government
knows it who has the social security
number and who doesn't and to have a
social security number is pretty close
to being a citizen somebody says
permanent residents have social security
numbers that's okay we know that too
right that's in the database that
doesn't doesn't matter at all because we
know they're permanent residents that's
in the database too so I don't know if
we really need to ask but
either way there's gonna be an
unintended consequence whether we do it
or we don't do it if we do it then maybe
non-citizens will get extra power and if
we do it maybe fewer people will fill
out the census and illegal or
non-residents they don't have to be
illegal would get less representation
would it matter with the country be
worse off either
there's no I don't have a reason to
believe that the country would be worse
off if some people didn't fill out the
census we know it would be different but
we don't have any and any suggestion
hint evidence that we would be worse off
so let's say if California's count let's
say California's count was under counted
so well what difference does it really
make you know I get that the Electoral
College make a difference and then we
could get different outcomes but with
the different outcomes which we there
would be different outcomes but with the
different outcomes be worse no how do
you know that so we're trying to fix a
problem that no one has identified as a
problem if we have an inaccurate let's
say it's 10 percent inaccurate if your
representative government is 10 percent
inaccurate that would get you a
different result than if it were
accurate but would it be worse in other
words would the laws be worse would you
be less free somebody's saying you would
get less money yeah I guess I guess
those people would get less money and
they would also have an option of
filling out the census or not so I guess
they could control that much money they
got by whether they filled out the
census so as I wonder what is the
penalty for not filling out a census is
there a legal penalty if you decline to
fill it out
is that's just another gap in my
knowledge so I think the government has
a legitimate need to know this this
information and I would come down on the
side of if the government can't ask you
if you're a citizen and I'm not sure if
you have a government right that's sort
of the point where you don't really have
a government anymore if your government
can't even determine if if you're a
legal citizen can't even ask the
question I'm not sure that's really a
government so I do think there's
importance
there's importance to try to count the
actual human beings are here somebody
said it involves money how much money
gets a portion that probably does make a
difference but those are all things that
states can also control to some degree
because states can stop being sanctuary
cities for example if a state wanted to
have fewer illegal or let's just say
non-citizens
there are things I could do and if they
don't do those things and that causes
them to get less money or a bad result
well at least they had the choice so
yesterday I spent way too much of my
time debunking the fine people the fine
people fake news you know the one it's
the one where people say the President
Trump called neo-nazis and white
nationalists fine people in
Charlottesville but if you read the
transcript he said the opposite so it's
a news that's reported as the opposite
of the actual news that's easy to prove
because you just look at the transcript
you listen to the video and he says
exactly the opposite of what the news is
easy to demonstrate so I got into it
with a pastor yes a pastor online what
happens when you show somebody that
their entire worldview something that
was very important is fake do they say
to you well thank you Scott I'm glad you
cleared that up for me
so now they don't do that even the
pastor I actually caused a pastor to use
the f-word
and said eff me because he was so angry
when his worldview fell apart in public
and but I also learned three new things
that I'm gonna share with you on
persuasion if you can get the person
you're debating with online or somewhere
else to say one of these three things it
means you won the debate
and I heard this a lot yesterday and
when you hear this it means you won and
when the other person says blah blah
blah full-stop or blah blah blah period
or blah blah blah end of story
if you hear any of those things full
stop period end of story
it means you already won the debate
because those are those are direct
signals that somebody doesn't want to
hear any of the information that they're
actually not dealing with data when
somebody says and I heard this about the
Sharla's Ville because people would say
it was all Nazis full stop not and I
would say well actually I've talked to a
number of people who went it was a very
diverse group I've talked to them
personally they they disavow all forms
of racism they were there for free
speech person purposes and I know this
because I spoke to them personally now
if somebody said that that would seem
like a direct proof you know to the
extent that people believe died I've
actually had those conversations and I
have that would be a direct proof that
there were some people there who were
not bad people
now wouldn't somebody say oh well Scott
I didn't know that you actually talked
to people who were there it does sound
like you've collected information and
that maybe maybe most people weren't
good people but there were some good
people there I get it what do people say
in response to I talked to those people
and found out you were wrong they were
all racist full stop and end of sentence
period so declare victory when you hear
that the funny one was somebody said I
was trying to revise history I'm trying
to rewrite history my response was I'm
literally copying and pasting history
I'm copying the transcript that we're
talking about and I'm pasting it into
Twitter so you can read it
I'm not rewriting history I'm literally
literally copying it and pasting it and
some of it and what does somebody say to
that you're rewriting history
no I'm copy pasting history so here
you're tell so you'll see if you know if
you were following me yesterday a few
hundred of you were watching me interact
with these people and slap them down you
saw a lot of them would change the topic
so I would I would show conclusively
that the President did not call the
racist fine people because that's the
transcript but they would not say oh man
I was wrong all along
never they changed the subject two other
people were there and they were bad it's
just a different topic so I used to
chase them down the funnel and argue
that but now I just declare victory and
I just say I accept your surrender you
also saw the word salad reply where
somebody is their belief is debunked
they get into cognitive dissonance and
instead of just saying oh yeah okay
right they start spewing words and
sentences that almost sort of look like
they could make sense but they don't and
that's when you know you've won they've
just they've gone into the word salad
category and then the other thing is if
they resort to anything that's magic
there and in this case the magic is the
secret racist dog whistle so a lot of
people once they had had their world
debunked on this topic don't say yeah
sure yeah maybe he maybe he technically
said the right thing but even though
he technically said the right thing
we're pretty sure that he was sending a
clear racist dog whistle when you hear
that you can you can kind of declare a
victory did you see that Lee Alyssa
Milano tweeted today that we can't
normalize this behavior about the
president's tweet in which he did a
humorous poll a survey on his website in
which the choices were you know with
things such as would you who would you
trust with the economy President Trump
or a lousy lying Democrat now it's
obvious that the whole thing was just a
joke it was nothing but a joke it wasn't
a real survey just a joke and what is
Alyssa Milano say we can't normalize
this and you know what I say I'm sure
glad we'd normally is this does anybody
get hurt by that was I know did your
taxes go up did it did it affect your
health care No yeah half of the country
to laugh at the other half
I suppose that's maybe maybe good for
half the country at least but it
certainly didn't hurt anybody and I
think that after President Trump said
administration you really don't need to
worry about somebody else doing this do
you do you really think that whoever is
the president after Trump do you think
that they would do something like that
no you don't have to worry about it
being normalized because this is very
specific to his personality his brand
the way he interacts with people
nobody's gonna do this you couldn't
normalize President Trump if you wanted
to because he's a one of a kind there's
no such thing as normalizing him that
was pretty funny
apparently the British ambassador whose
tweet or whose email insulted the
president it was a private email but he
became public and the president would
add him hard and said bad things about
him called him stupid he quit today
I don't think anybody's surprised he's
sort of had to resign didn't he he
didn't really have a choice let's talk
about the border detention centers and
the dog that didn't bark are you ready
for this I like to talk about the things
that have not been reported I'm going to
delete the volume people all right
everybody who complains about the volume
gets deleted we do know that the volume
plays okay on playback so all the
complaints we hear are either trolls or
people who are disturbing the flow like
like it's being disturbed right now so
let me stipulate I do know that some of
you hear that sound differently there's
nothing I'm doing differently and when
the replay is is played if when you see
it on on YouTube it will look fine or
good enough anyway
so everybody who talks about it will get
blocked okay everybody good on that and
there's nothing personal it just ruins
the show like it's doing right now right
it ruins the show so that's the only
reason you're getting blocked it's not
because you're wrong it's not because
you weren't sure you weren't trying to
be helpful and I think it's just I don't
want it so it's for the good of the flow
all right
here's something that's missing the dog
that didn't bark on these border
detention centers are you frustrated as
I am that you don't feel like you know
the real story of what's going on in
there because I hear the you know you
hear the aoc version of drinkin a no
toilets and you say to yourself well
that's probably not exactly true but
then you hear the official Border Patrol
story that says everything's great we've
got lots of supplies you know things are
humane people are doing well
but can you believe that not really
and I'm not going to say that this is a
problem with the Trump administration
per se I'm just going to say that if an
entity is being criticized and the
entity being criticized says
no that's not true I'm doing great well
that's not really credible it could be
true it might be true but it's not
credible because they have an interest
to say that they're doing it well here's
what's missing why don't we have an
independent somebody was just watching
these places why why is there not I'll
just throw out an example why is the
Catholic Church not sending volunteers
in just to be observers
well how about FEMA why don't we send
into some FEMA observers to see if any
of these centers are doing so poorly
that there are basically a humanitarian
disaster
so that FEMA can quickly step in with
some extra supplies or build some tents
or something so if somebody says they do
I do not believe that if you're saying
that there are auditors or there were
members of the government who were who
are checking other members of the
government I'm not going to call that
credible and I've never seen an
interview have you have you ever seen an
interview with anybody whose job it was
to be independent somebody who doesn't
work for the government and does not
have a job like Congress person somebody
who's not in that line have you seen
anybody say yeah we're just observers
and we stop in every day we talked to
people see how things are going right
that's the dog that isn't barking I so
wanted to trust the administration that
that they're telling us they're doing
the you know a good job and that it's
true
and it might be it might be true that
we're doing a pretty good job of keeping
things humane there I mean I certainly
wouldn't want to spend any time there I
know you wouldn't either but maybe we're
doing as well as we could could it be
true but because we don't have any
independent voice anybody I would trust
to be independent and accurate to tell
me that they're doing a good job I don't
trust it so I'm going to go on record as
saying I do not believe the government
is doing a good job
in the detention centers I also don't
believe they're doing a bad job what I
do believe is we don't know and that's
unacceptable the fact that this is such
a big big deal is such a big deal now of
course some of you you're saying well
but the politicians visit all the time
you know that people people can go there
and they visit I will say that's useless
if if a detention center finds out that
a or C is gonna visit tomorrow do you
think they act the same as if that she's
not going to visit of course not when
the boss visits you clean up your act
you vault but some of you I have worked
at big companies when the CEO is going
to visit your visit your department do
you act the same when that when the CEO
is gonna show up no now do you act the
same when the auditors are gonna show up
and how no you don't we the country have
at least the question being raised as to
whether we have something like
concentration camps that's the
provocative word used by the critics on
our own border that are filling with
thousands and thousands of people might
be true ish might be completely false do
you know which one it is
do you know what's happening in those
detention centers I don't I don't
because the only information I've had is
not credible
it's from partisans on both sides that's
all I have partisan information is not
information
it's nothing you could trust so I'm
gonna I'm going to come down hard on the
administration on this point I'm not
going to come down hard on Border Patrol
for doing their job or not doing their
job because that's the part I don't know
and I can't no I am going to come down
hard on the administration for not
providing some kind of mechanism then a
church group or some kind of independent
auditors can check out these facilities
at a detailed level actually talk to
people show up without an appointment
and you know show up anytime they want
day or night if you don't have that you
have something like a giant
concentration camp slash detention / /
processing center with no visibility
that lack of visibility is a completely
unacceptable problem and I'm going to
say that the Trump administration is
completely failing on that the dog that
doesn't bark is missing and that's a big
big problem for me as a citizen of this
country and as a less a citizen of the
world it is unacceptable to me that we
don't have visibility on this it might
be acceptable to be what the conditions
are if I knew what they were but
absolutely I am NOT pleased as a citizen
I have not been served
and I am concerned that we don't have
visibility of a very important issue to
the country completely unacceptable so
those of you who like to say you support
the president no matter what he does
this is a clear exception I do not
support the President on this topic
because there's a part missing
that's just so obviously missing nobody
could give that a pass you just can't
give that a pass if somebody says we
might have a concentration camp and it's
on your property do you say well I don't
need to look no you can't give that a
pass all right let's talk about Michael
Isikoff latest story I guess Michael
Isikoff is working there for a Yahoo
News investigative reporter type and his
news story says that the the Seth rich
conspiracy story the idea that Seth rich
stole data and gave it to WikiLeaks and
was murdered by Clinton for it he says
that conspiracy theory which as far as
we know is not true was started by the
Russians just let that hang there
so Michael Isikoff
says that the whole Seth Richardson that
FoxNews and in Hannity especially
hammered on that that was actually
planted by Russia as part of their
disinformation efforts and so I read an
article about it and I thought wow in
order to say something like that I would
think that you'd have to have pretty
good evidence and when I read that
evidence I'd say wow there it is but I
did not find pretty good evidence for
this claim and so I would say I asked
myself is Michael Isikoff credible and
then I said well what else has he ever
done well one of the things he did was
he was one of the primary people behind
the steal dossier now to be fair he also
said publicly and fairly soon that the
dossier had a lot of unverified things
and certainly some things that were
likely not to be true so he did have his
skepticism about it but he also was a
primary reporter for that for that piece
of disinformation so Michael Isikoff we
know is a promoter of Russian
disinformation is is that too strong a
statement because I don't want to say
something that's libelous or is not
obviously true from the facts we all can
see would you now say that the Russian
dossier was was at least filled out by
Russians in other words the information
in there came from Russia we know that
it's not true and we know that Russia
often gives us untrue information for
their own purposes and we know that
Isikoff transmitted it and made and so
he was part of the channel that brought
that information to the public and and
created a lot of a lot of what we
believe about the story so if the person
who is very associated with promoting
Russian disinformation tells you without
evidence this
conclusive to you tells you that the
Russians were really behind this s rich
story is that credible it might be true
I'm not gonna say it's not true but is
it credible it is not it might be true
but it is not credible if we don't live
in a world anymore in which of this sort
of story should be taken seriously to
back that point you know how everybody
knows and the Muller report said that
the Russians tried hard to interfere in
our election the two pieces of evidence
they give are they the troll forum that
was doing these little crappy ads they
had no effect whatsoever that was one
piece of information then the other was
that they hacked the Democrats email and
gave that to WikiLeaks so those are the
the two hard pieces of evidence that
Russia interfered so yesterday on Tucker
Carlson show our writer for the nation I
think was talking about how the Muller
report doesn't say that the null report
does not connect the dots we know there
was a Russian troll for him and we know
what they did we know that it was
nowhere near the quality you would
expect from a state action it was it was
sort of like looking at a piece of art
that your three-year-old made with
macaroni that you you know in first
grade or whatever let's say that your
eight-year-old made in school made of
macaroni and crayons and put on your
refrigerator and somebody said I think
that's an go is that a van Gogh and you
say no that's not van Gogh that's like
my 8 year old made this was macaroni and
crayons that's what the Russian troll
forum looks like the Russian troll farms
entire effort which is pretty well
understood was no better than the 8 year
old macaroni and crayon art on your
refrigerator and yet the national story
is that Putin interfered with our
election well we must accept that
that the best job that Putin can do at
interfering with an election is
equivalent to an eight-year-olds of
macaroni art on your refrigerator now if
you think I'm exaggerating about how low
effectiveness that troll farm was take a
look at the actual ads look at what the
total ad budget was compared to the you
know the elections total budget and then
and then the reporter for the nation
whose name I can't remember says the
molar report doesn't connect the dots it
does not show a chain of control from
Putin to this troll farm now everybody
just says well certainly this wouldn't
have been happening without Russia
without Putin knowledge to which I say
anybody who says that has never been
involved in any kind of large
organization Russia is a large
organization how many things is Putin
personally involved with versus how many
things are being done by people acting
independently maybe they think Putin
will like it maybe if it works out
they'll tell him about it maybe they
think he would like it maybe somebody
that he knows said something and they're
trying to make somebody happy who knows
Putin maybe they want to be able to
later say that dinner party hey I helped
you out you know maybe you should give
me a favor too who knows but if you're
telling me that Putin oversaw personally
the macaroni and crayon art on the
refrigerator this tiny little troll farm
that did nothing if you're telling me he
was personally managing that effort
first of all it's not demonstrated and
secondly the facts do not suggest it the
facts suggests the opposite that there's
no way the boss Putin could have watched
this effort being you know being
operational
I thought haha this will work no way so
what he's saying plausible deniability
so the I do understand that it would
make sense if this troll firm
working for Putin doesn't that that
would cause some separation so he'd have
plausible deniability that's not the
part I'm talking about so that part
makes sense that it would fit with the
theory that he was involved what I'm
talking about is that the quality of the
work was so far below government level
cyberwarfare
it was macaroni art there's no way that
Putin authorized macaroni art it just
didn't happen that's my personal opinion
and secondly the the Muller report when
it talks about the hacking says that it
seems or it appears I think the word is
it appears or yes what's the exact word
basically they say it looks like Russia
was behind it in other words we don't
know that what there was a hacker we
think they're associated with with the
Russian intelligence appears yes but it
appears that the Russian government was
behind it if you knew it was behind it
would you use that word would you say
appears probably not so we don't really
know oh and then here's the other part
that's that's tied to the Seth rich
thing so I've made some comments in the
past and let me let me update those okay
so there are two comments that I know
I've made maybe three about the the Seth
rich conspiracy theory and I'm gonna
call it a conspiracy theory because the
the central part of it or at least a
central part of it is the idea that
Hillary Clinton had him knocked off okay
that part I've never thought was
credible likely worth considering I
don't actually believe Hillary Clinton
has a body count of 65 dead people or
whatever the story is so that part I've
never bought here are the parts that I
have made positive comments about there
was one article written by some retired
Admiral I don't remember some right-wing
type of guy who is detailing all of the
circumstantial evidence that would
support the conspiracy theory that the
Seth rich was murdered by some political
operative for political purposes as
opposed to just a random crime on the
street and what I said was it was hard
to read that and not be persuaded
but being persuaded as you know is not
related to being true so I hoped I was
careful with my choice of language
because the the conspiracy theory has
lots and lots of details of well how
could this happen you know why is it
that the police don't do more how come
we don't know what the how come you
still have this wallet right so there
are all these questions about
coincidences but coincidences are
usually just coincidence and and usually
that's all they are so so I have said
that the theory itself is persuasive
which is separate from being true so
that part I'm still saying because a lot
of people were persuaded it was true so
I think that's that's a valid statement
to make objectively speaking the other
thing I've said and and this might be a
revision of something I've said I'm not
sure but I'll say it the way I believe
it to be true now in an interview Julian
Assange some few years ago when he was
offering a reward for Seth Rich's to
solve Seth Rich's murder he he very
clearly signaled in that interview that
he wanted us to believe that the Seth
rich thing was important to those emails
in other words Assange very clearly
signaled to the audience watching that
he wanted you to believe that Seth rich
was
murdered because of something involving
getting those emails now I said it's
very clear that Assange is telling us
Seth rich was part of that process and I
also said that that WikiLeaks and the
sons being the you know the they had
person of WikiLeaks I've said that
WikiLeaks has never been proven to be
liars in other words they haven't
published anything that wasn't true so
that made me think well he's clearly
telling you something and it's coming
from a group that has a track record of
being right or honest or accurate so put
those together I'm gonna now revise my
statement so I think this is different
from what I might have originally said I
would now add to the mix that Assange is
not a credible voice on that because he
was being accused of working with the
Russians and he was suggesting wink wink
wink that there was other another
explanation for how he got the
information and conveniently it was
somebody who couldn't talk because he
was deceased now if you're Assange and
you're trying to stay out of jail you
tried not to be killed by the CIA with a
drone I mean remember Hillary Clinton
actually talked about droning him right
so he this was life and death for
Assange if you put somebody in a
life-and-death situation and perhaps
they did get their information from the
Russians just speculating here I'm not
saying they did if they did would you
believe somebody who was trying to save
his own life by sending you down the
wrong trail not credible might be true
but it's not credible
you cannot believe that even though
Julian Assange has a track record of
being accurate you know at least
WikiLeaks does you cannot believe him on
this topic because his own life was at
stake you can't believe somebody's
telling you the truth
if you know that the lie is the way to
stay alive and the truth might get you
killed under those conditions there's no
such thing as an honest person or there
shouldn't be because I would I would
trust all of you to lie to save your
lives as well we would all lie to save
our lives
so in summary I am a hundred percent
sure that Assange wanted us to believe
that
Seth rich was part of this story and I'm
confident of that his actions in that
interview were so plain and obvious and
the fact he was offering a reward for
Seth Rich's killer which would have no
connection to WikiLeaks
unless this theory were true all of us
suggests that Assange is sending the
clearest possible message that he wants
us to believe
Seth rich was involved and he probably
knew that at least the press on the
right would take that and run with it
which they did so I'm not going to say
my current thinking is that we can't
trust the sonj on that question and that
the Seth rich conspiracy theory is
mostly if not entirely a conspiracy
theory certainly the killing part I
don't believe any part of that all right
let's talk about the social media summit
that's coming up you know if you all
heard about the White House's social
media summit it's happening on Thursday
tomorrow I guess and the White House has
invited a number of creators who have
had issues with no I'm not going
somebody's asked me I'm I will not be
attending that and did I get invited I'm
going to say no comment
so somebody asked me if I got invited to
the White House summit and I thought to
myself I I don't know if that would be
private or personal if I had so I think
that the so if I had been invited to
worry if I had not been invited I don't
think I would comment on it so that's so
it's a no comment coming but I'm not
attending and I was just watching John
Avlon over at CNN doing doing a little
piece talking about it and here's how he
described it he said that the social
media summit would be like a Star Wars
bar scene from the right now if you
haven't seen the Star Wars movies with
the bar scenes that's where all the
different aliens and creatures go that's
in the same bar
so the implication was that it's a bunch
of freaks
so CNN is already trying to prep the
world for this summit being a bunch of
freaks
so that it can't be taken seriously so
that's pretty pretty harsh now to make
his point he gave some examples and so
he wanted you to think that the
following people were basically Star
Wars alien like freaks associated with
the political right and so he talks
about Ben garrison cartoonist and
there's a few cartoons that have been
accused he's been accused of anti spent
ik cartoons I haven't heard his response
to any of those accusations so I don't
have an opinion on whether whether he
intended anything like that or what he
was thinking
so I'm gonna hold my opinion on that
because I've only heard one side
although I will say that the cartoons
are certainly alarming as Jake Tapper
called called out when he tweeted about
it you can't really look at his comics
and say well I don't see what you're
talking about with that anti-semitism
because looks anti said it looks
anti-semitic too
but I haven't heard the cartoonists
explanation of what he was thinking
whether it was interpreted the way he
wanted to be interpreted and without
that I'm not gonna I'm not gonna give
you a final opinion but keep in mind
that the White House social media summit
is about free speech on the social
platforms the whole point of free speech
is you don't want to invite a bunch of
mainstream down the middle people who
have never violated anybody's rules what
would be the point of inviting people
who had never had a problem with
censorship there would be no point of a
summit of those people so the whole
point of the summit is to get the people
who were who were kind of in that
dangerous zone and to see how they were
treated because if the people who are
saying dangerous things that maybe you
think are inaccurate maybe you think are
a little bit too Haiti that's where you
need to figure out where the line is
they're they're the people defining the
boundaries so of course they should be
invited so whether or not they've done
things which you don't like or they
haven't there are the very people who
need to be invited they they define the
edge but but the next person he throws
into the list is our famous meme maker
carpe dump them so see the inventions
that carpe dump them is invited in the
context of saying it's going to be like
a Star Wars bar scene now if you don't
know carpet ontem he makes these great
memes the president has tweeted his
memes two or three times so far so you
sort of the premier meme maker for the
political right but he's also the most
normal person you'll ever meet like
there's there's nothing controversial at
all his memes get a lot of attention but
he's the most normal average guy except
that he just used in the right place at
the right time with the right skill set
so they can ease getting a lot of
attention deservedly so but Jonathan
throws him in that list like he's a
freak base
Don what that he's great at making means
that that makes you a Star Wars bar
freak think about to think about the the
bias that's being put into that
presentation and then the funny thing is
that CNN says that a lot of the people
who are being invited our quote
conspiracy theorists now I'm sure that
that's true meaning that I'm sure that
some people who have spread conspiracy
theories are probably invited because
they again would be exactly the people
you would invite because they're the
people who are defining the edge and
that doesn't mean that they all get
their way or that the president's going
to back every conspiracy theory that
this group of folks is promoting nothing
like that but there's simply the people
who define the edge and that's the whole
point of the summit is to find the edge
but anyway for CNN to say that this
group is a bunch of conspiracy theorists
sort of begs the question what was the
whole Russia collusion thing what was
the whole fine fine people hoax the
primary news on CNN is conspiracy
theories it's fake news so that's sort
of the pot calling the kettle black
there all right let's talk about
something else is it my imagination or
are Democrats little by little
making the brand of the United States
racism this is my imagination because
when it happened with the make America
great again hats and mega I said to
myself okay well that's really about
Trump
you know people hate Trump's so they're
they're gonna say that if you wear a
trump hat you must be a racist so it's a
racist symbol so I thought to myself
well that's not going too far you know I
don't like it I wish it didn't happen
but they're just it's a standard
political process no big deal and then
there was the attack on the Betsy Ross
flag
to which I said well they're not really
they're not really against the flag
they're against this early version of
the flag because it reminds them of
slavery and a bad time for you know some
people in this country a lot of people
so I thought well okay that's a special
case but then you also think you've got
you've got a capper neck and wrap it now
and disrespect for standing for the flag
and maybe the flag itself a lot of flag
burning going on to which I say well
it's just it's sort of in the margins
that's you know people have always been
burning flags didn't really change much
and then but then I saw a story that
apparently in the elite Yellin Omar's
district there's a local as at board
meetings where they've decided to not
have the Pledge of Allegiance before the
meeting and the reasoning is that they
they service all of the residents of the
area it's the local government so they
service everybody who lives there and
there are so many people who live there
who are not citizens they're starting
with a pledge of allegiance was not
appropriate for their local public
because so many of them were not
Americans to which I say it said to
myself again well sort of a special case
you know most of America will probably
still do their Pledge of Allegiance but
there's this one little area where
people cared about it and well how much
difference does it make you know it's
just a local thing but I'm starting to
feel that when you start putting it all
together that the Democrats have made us
a a racist brand it feels like that
we're not quite there but it feels like
the ruining brand USA and you might say
to yourself well maybe we should maybe
we should ruin that brand because it has
a legacy of slavery
bad things do whatever but here's the
problem the reason that the United
States works as an entity is not the
Constitution Constitution is very
important but it's not the reason
everything works it's not just the
capitalism capitalism is great but it's
not the reason the one reason that the
United States works the reason the
United States works is a common set of
thinking if we don't have that common
set of thinking then all of the other
things that are irrelevant if we're not
thinking the same way you know nothing
works and that thinking is built into
our young citizens largely through
brainwashing now I say brainwashing
because it's a provocative word but we
do brainwash our youth we brainwash them
to put their hands of their heart and
pledge allegiance to actually give their
life for their country at a time when
children can't make decisions if you're
telling the children to to literally
stand and pledge allegiance to a flag
children don't have critical thinking
they are literally being brainwashed is
the same I'm not saying we shouldn't do
it I'm gonna come down very strong on
the side of we should brainwash our
youth not just for that but for
everything that's that's good and and
useful children have to be brainwashed
they need to be trained like dogs with
treats because they're not capable of
making independent good decisions their
children so you have to simply give them
their programming so that by the time
they can make their own decisions
they're operating off of some base that
would they're already biased toward the
country right so even people who end up
growing up and turning against their
country still feel probably some
allegiance to it
because it's hard to get all that
programming out of your body even if
you're higher thinking it overcomes it
so here's the thing if you get away if
if we accidentally got rid of the Pledge
of Allegiance because let's say we
decided that there are so many
classrooms that don't have a high
percentage of citizens yeah there are
non-citizens there if we take that
thinking and extend it it will get
further and further until if you have
just one or two non-citizens in a
classroom perhaps that teacher will say
well let's not do the Pledge of
Allegiance it wouldn't be fair to these
these two kids if you get to that point
every decision you make along the way
will make sense so what I just described
actually makes sense right that teacher
just let's say one teacher or one
classroom will say you know I like the
Pledge of Allegiance but I can see how
it will bother these two students don't
need the trouble let's just skip it so
you could imagine how you would sort of
accidentally get to a place where the
brainwashing was no longer effective and
that the brand of the United States was
racist and nobody would have planned it
it would have been nobody's idea to get
there it's just what is sort of happened
by a whole whole bunch of decisions now
I'm seeing in the comments that people
are saying Scott Scott
you say the slippery slope is not a
thing and that I'm saying the word
slippery slope all over the screen now
and I'm going to confirm that I don't
think it's a thing because here's why
something's a slippery slope when you
notice it's happening if you don't
notice it's happening it's just
something that's happening that you
didn't know about that's not the
slippery slope the slippery slope is
when we all can see it's happening and
then it just keeps on happening forever
I say that doesn't exist in the real
world because in the real world if you
see something that's sliding toward doom
the fact that you know it's sliding
toward doom is what causes you to get
together and fix it
so everything that's sliding toward
badness gets fixed in our in our human
history because we we were rise to the
challenge
this is different because we don't
really see it coming this all of these
independent decisions you know one is
about the NFL and kneeling one is about
some local administration and the Pledge
of Allegiance another is about colonial
flags there's a little bit about taking
down George Washington every one of
these things has a pretty good reason
I'm in favor of taking down Confederate
statues because they're offensive I have
a pretty good reason we don't need to
talk about that but what I'm suggesting
is we should all be aware that the
collective effect of all of these small
changes even the census I would say is
part of this larger picture that if
we're not aware that this would chip
away at the brainwashing of our children
we should be and once we understand that
brainwashing the children is necessary
and good to maintain something like a
coherent country I think we can
understand that these little things
might be heading us in a direction
that's counter productive we'll get rid
of this trouble all right so I would say
we should just be aware of the
unintended consequences of making lots
of individual decisions which look good
individually we have to be aware that we
don't want to lose our brainwashing of
the children because that's what makes
us an effective country and now here's
question what percentage of non-citizens
in the United States would make
patriotism disappear now you know how
these things work you don't have to
replace all of the people in the country
who are patriotic with you know 100
percent people who are not in order for
patriotism to essentially be ineffective
but what is the percentage let's say we
let's say 20% of the country
was not born here and maybe they're just
sort of going along with the patriotism
thing because it's asked of all citizens
but they're not really buying into it
that much they just like their situation
here at what point do the number of
non-citizens become great enough that
patriotism has to go away at what point
are there enough people in the classroom
that nobody has the Pledge of Allegiance
anymore
right so if if the average classroom is
I don't know what percentage over the
entire country the average classroom
five percent non-citizens maybe for the
whole country is it higher than that 20
percent 30 percent but there's some
percentage at which we have to stop
doing the normal things that brainwash
children such as the Pledge of
Allegiance so we may be creeping toward
that and one way we could know is by a
census so the census might help us
understand whether the brainwashing
we're doing is going to work in the long
run all right I think I had at least one
other thing I wanted to say yeah I think
I hit the big points all right how is
this productive I was what productive
yeah so I'm making a distinction between
the slippery slope that you can all see
coming versus something that's happening
that you don't see coming
so the the loss of patriotism falls into
the category of things that I don't
think we fully understand is happening
and if we did we probably would stop it
so there would be a counter force that
would pop up somebody says do you think
patriotism is bad no I just said
patriotism is essential to keep a
country together whether this country or
another country patriotism is the the
idea glue that allows you to
work collectively others farm people
have pointed this out but that you know
human beings we naturally collect into
you know family units and that it's not
much harder to collect into tribes of I
don't know hundred and fifty people but
as soon as you get beyond something like
a hundred or so people and you become
country size or state size you need a
common set of beliefs and rules that can
make you act cooperatively and this
brainwashing is a necessary part of that
why does the Pledge of Allegiance equal
patriotism seriously somebody's asking
me why the pledge of allegiance equals
patriotism the pledge of allegiance is
literally the brainwashing if you make
people say so and by the way if you
don't know this maybe there's a part
that I should clarify one way one way to
brainwash somebody is to get them to say
out loud the thing you want them to
believe that they don't already believe
so let's say you wanted somebody to
believe that the the Boston Red Sox were
evil I'm just picking something
ridiculous alright so somebody likes the
Boston Red Sox but you want them to
believe that they're the worst team in
the world let's use that example so you
would say to the person hey I want you
to repeat every day the Boston Red Sox
are a bad team and the person will say
well I don't believe that I think
they're a great team they're my favorite
team now you say to them I know I know
how you believe and I'm not even saying
they are bad team but I'm gonna pay you
twenty dollars a day to say out loud
15 times a day that the Boston Red Sox
are a bad team I'll just I'll just pay
you to do it you don't even have to
believe it I'm not even asking you to
believe it just say it if you came back
you would find that if you paid a
hundred people to do that and if they
started loving the Red Sox they added a
hundred people maybe ten of them a few
months later would actually have changed
their opinion
and the book influence gel Dedes work
shows this effect if you can get
somebody to write or say something that
is not their opinion and you check back
with them in a year there's a high
likelihood that it has become their
opinion because they said it or because
they wrote it saying and writing things
actually changes how you think about
them that's a well-known phenomenon so
the Pledge of Allegiance when people say
I pledge allegiance to the to the
United States causes them to have a
mental state it causes them to be
rewired fairly permanently to have an
allegiance to the country it's what it's
what allows us to have a military if we
didn't have them if we didn't have
allegiance to the country it's good luck
forming a volunteer military and that's
pretty essential so the Pledge of
Allegiance is a necessary part of
keeping the country functioning
it's the brainwashing that makes a
difference and likewise through the
sporting events when when everybody
stands up at a sporting event to salute
the flag what happens mentally to the
people who were not so the people who
were not as respectful to the flag
well they look around and they're in
this giant stadium and they see all the
others all the other people stand up and
put their hands over their heart and
face the flag and the people who are
just like I'll just go along with it I
don't want to be the one everybody looks
at if I don't stand up there's no law
that says I have to stand up but
everybody else is standing up I'm just
gonna go along with it what happens to
you if you just keep going along with it
well you become you become that simply
pretending you are going along with it
will actually make you more respectful
of the flags so all of these little
customs that we have are not for fun
they're not to feel good they have a
deeply important functional absolutely
required
purpose and if you miss that and you
just think it's a it's a tradition it's
just a ceremony it's a stupid thing that
conservatives do if you think any of
those things you're missing one of the
most important aspects of human
existence that we have to form beliefs
that become who we are and then
collectively who we are as a country
all right just looking at your comments
social cohesion that is correct
team building somebody says he likes
opening doors for women or standing when
they come into a room and they those
days are over
I'd like to ask that question so there's
a generational difference obviously how
many of you if your honor let's say
you're on a date or you're just with
your spouse or your girlfriend going
somewhere how many of you the guys will
walk around and open the car door for
the woman that you're with in the
comments tell me how many of you if it's
just you and your wife or your
girlfriend and you're going somewhere
how many of you will walk around and
open the door for the woman so look at
the comments for those of you who are
watching it in replay if you don't see
the comments we've got one never but I'm
getting usually yes yes yes yes yes I do
I do I do
mimimi I do yes yes yes always now
that's probably because a lot of you are
Trump supporters you're more likely to
be conservative if you're watching this
periscope yeah so there's some customs
that that looked sticky
yeah it looks like most of you do yeah
you know I I used to appreciate the the
door opening tradition in part because
it created order
you know if I'm walking toward a door at
the same time with Christina I like
knowing that it's my job to open the
door
not because of any you know brainwashing
reason it's not just you know a show of
you know affection or respect it's
because then we don't have to like oh
you got the door no I got the door it
just it just makes everything easier I
just like knowing who's supposed to do
what in which situation because it's
just one less thing to think about
so I appreciate having these little
rules that make things easier we've got
one who is not a trump supporter but a
persuasion student well welcome Molly
somebody says do I I do I do but not
every time so so I tend to make a
distinction for opening car doors I open
regular doors anytime that I'm near that
near them but for car doors it sort of
depends on the context so if I went out
to a nice dinner and Christine is
dressed up and we're leaving a
restaurant heading to the toward the
core car I would most likely open that
door if we stopped at CVS to pick up a
prescription and she walks through the
door first and she gets to the car
before I do you know she doesn't really
want to wait for me to catch up to her
to open the door so in those cases I
don't but I do it when the situation
seems to call out for it and not when it
doesn't all right yes car doors are a
different situation than regular
building doors
[Music]
he says I don't understand this car door
opening thing Jenny says that Jenny I'm
guessing that you were a younger person
because I think some of these traditions
probably don't make sense at a certain
age you should carry an extra jacket
just in case the puddles how many of you
have had this experience have you ever
gone out on a date and you check the
weather and you see that it's gonna be
cold later it's not cold at the moment
but it's gonna be pretty cold
by the time you're driving home and
you're the guy just talking to the guys
now I want to see how many have had this
experience and so you you say to your
date hey you might want to bring a
jacket because it's gonna be cold and
your date says I don't need a jacket and
you say well I just checked the weather
it's gonna be 60 you know we might be
sitting outdoors or something you might
want a jacket and your day says I don't
need a jacket now it could be because it
doesn't have a jacket that goes with the
outfit it could be any reason and so you
say all right well I think I'll be cold
so I'll bring a jacket for myself and I
made sure that you'd knew that was gonna
be cold and you could bring a jacket too
now you get to the restaurant you sit
down and there's a draft and it's really
cold in the restaurant what happens to
your jacket where's your jacket go well
you're not going to be sitting there
with your warm little jacket while your
date is freezing on the other side of
the table right you give up your jacket
that's the first thing you do you what
you've all done it right you give up
your jacket
somebody here says never I'll never give
up my jacket I can't tell you how many
times I've said it I've said someone
somewhere very cold because I remember
to bring my jacket but but I gave it up
if somebody says I keep a straight
jacket in the backseat fur so
he says bring a spare jacket it's throw
to in the car I I have done that I have
I have brought two jackets and one in
the back just as the emergency jacket
I'm looking at your comments that I'm
laughing because so many of you have had
the same the same experience and so
somebody that somebody is saying she
won't bring a jacket ever I keep a spare
in the car
most of I've seen the guys here just
laughing because I've never heard
anybody talk about this before but it
seems to be a universal experience
somebody says I stopped giving up my
jacket so somebody's using tough love on
their on their wife I teach my wife
freezing is awesome somebody says oh and
somebody's ask about what about walking
on the road side of the sidewalk how
many of the guys choose the side that
you're gonna walk on if you're walking
somewhere in public so that you're on
the the defensive side in other words
you're closer to the street or you're
closer to wherever the dangerous how
many of you will change your position to
make sure that you're on the protective
side how many guys do that let me see
that in the comments now I do that when
it's obvious to do that but I don't do
it everywhere because most places I walk
are so completely safe than it doesn't
make any difference but I'm always
thinking about it
and there's some places that I'll walk
with Cristina where I have to keep
changing like I'll be on this side and
because we're on this side of the street
but then I've got to change to the other
side because we're on the other side of
the street so I'm continually like
changing sides to be on the one that's
the more protective side if somebody's I
see somebody in the distance walking
down the street who looks a little
sketchy I like change sides again so I'm
continually changing sides it's a big
pain than they ask somebody says they
wrote a paper on that subject
it looks like most of the guys do yeah I
have to say that can you believe that I
got to the I got to my current age
without ever hearing that was even a
thing
christina is actually the first person
who told me that's even a thing
I've never even heard of it I you know
instinctively I of course would always
put myself between the woman I'm with
and danger so if I saw a danger I would
of course position myself so I was
between the danger and the person I was
protecting you know I've always done
that that's just automatic you can't
even turn that off if you want to
there's just automatic but I've never
thought that walking down the street in
a safe place it would make any
difference and I've been informed that
at least from a psychological feeling
about whether or not you feel that
somebody is there for you it does make a
difference it makes it different
psychologically and so I'm willing to
buy into that set of manners if you will
because it if it makes somebody else
feel good that's okay somebody says if
my husband did those things I might
think he lost his mind
elevators somebody says men should enter
an exit elevators first - hmm I don't
know anybody who doesn't let women and
children and the elderly end of
elevators first I think we all do that
and I'm worried about the day will come
when somebody starts letting me out of
the elevator first like I I think that
day I think I think I'm done when that
happens I'll pack it up here's another
one have you ever have you ever gone for
a walk and when you're getting ready for
a walk you don't want to have a a lot of
things in your pockets you don't want to
you don't want to be carrying anything
because you're gonna go for a walk the
last thing you want to do if you go for
a walk is to have something in your hand
right I hate going for a walk if I'm
carrying something I want my my hands to
walk free and so you'll say to your date
or your wife you say we're gonna go for
a walk and
I'll clear my pockets I'll make sure I'm
not I don't have a camera with me back
in the days when people have cameras and
and your date or your wife will walk out
and she'll have something in her hand
and she'll say do you have an extra
pocket and the next thing you know
you're sort of a pack mule like all your
pockets are filled with phones and
chargers and and lipsticks and stuff
because women don't have pockets and or
don't have as many pockets so somebody
says not in Japan I wonder if it's
wonder is different so it's very hard to
if you're a man it's very hard to plan
taking your walk Oh Larry David has a
funny skit on that I'll bet he does I
haven't seen it
cargo shorts yeah I understand there's a
there's a controversy about whether men
should ever wear cargo shorts some say
no I would I would extend that
controversy to say that beyond a certain
age let's say the age is 30 ish you know
maybe mid 30s beyond a certain age there
are no clothes that look good on men
except maybe a suit or a tuxedo or
something but in terms of normal
everyday clothes clothes don't look good
on men over 35 or so there's just
nothing you could do you could wear
cargo shorts on your head you could wear
a dress
it doesn't matter there's nothing you
could do men do not look good in clothes
over maybe 35 period now here's a little
exercise for you go to your local mall
and go to the men's clothing department
go to the casual section where it's you
know casual shirts and pants and stuff
like that go to the casual section and
then find a man's shirt that you like
and you think would look good on you
if you're a man over to say 35 go in the
dressing room and try on that shirt and
you'll say to yourself what the hell is
going on I'm in an entire show
or full of shirts made for people who're
male and not a single piece of clothing
looks good on me what's up with that and
then then here's the second part walk
out of the changing room and walk around
the mall and look at all the men who
dressed themselves that day presumably
to go to the mall what are they wearing
a hundred percent of the men at the mall
are wearing t-shirts they got for free
they have usually a company name or some
kind of organization on them a hundred
percent every man who decided how to
dress himself put on a t-shirt you got
for free then look at all the clothing
in Macy's or Nordstrom or whatever
that's the casual clothing you won't see
any of that on a human being
you won't see anybody wearing those
clothes the the entire clothing industry
for men I don't even think they're
pretending to make clothes for men
anymore I'm starting to think that the
men's department in clothing stores is
just because they want to make sure they
have a men's department I don't even
think they're trying I do have some
untucking shirts and the untucked shirts
are the first time that I've seen the
company saving themselves huh what if
I'm just going to spit ball this what if
I now don't I don't think anybody's
tried this and maybe there's a reason
nobody's tried it before but I'm just
going to throw this out with your crazy
idea that this is the untuck it people
having their first meeting just go throw
this out there what if we made a shirt
for men that looked good on a man and
the other people in the room said ah can
you do that like it seems like somebody
would be doing that you know if that
were a thing I'm pretty sure somebody
would have done it already right and you
see the crazy founder of untucking
saying no no nobody's done it but I
think I think people would buy it if we
made it and so he makes this company
untuk is one of the the huge success
stories because they made a shirt that
looks
good on demand nobody thought of that
before now to be fair as soon as I saw
this I said I gotta have one of those
the first day I saw their commercial on
TV I said I will own that shirt somebody
actually is trying to make a shirt that
looks good on a man I've got a hole
measured so I went out and got a few
untucking shirts I was like these are
great I'm gonna buy like all of their
clothes
I'll just get everything that's my size
and then you find out that the first few
shirts fit you perfectly
the other ones are weird and they get
wrinkly and they have strange material
and they look terrible but I will say
that there's I did find within the
untuck it universe pretty much all of
the shirts that I wear that are
button-up there's there's nothing else I
don't even see another shirt from
another company that I would put on my
body really somebody's saying Tommy
Bahama Tommy Bahama makes these big
shirts for overweight people let's just
call it what it is Tommy Bahama's is a
store that makes clothing for overweight
people and if you're not overweight you
can't wear any of that stuff and also
big people you just got to be big foot
to wear that stuff anyway how many of
you necks do I own all of my vmx are
from the same company American Rag and I
just bought a bunch of them and I just
wear them until they wear out that I'll
buy some more yeah I'm going to long so
I'm gonna end now that's all for now
talk to you later bye for now