ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum Papa Papa Papa bum
hey everybody hello Kevin Robert come on
in here it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams
we've got lots to talk about been saving
it up over the weekend I'm home and I'm
ready to go are you ready to go if you
are grab your cup your mug your glass
you sign your jealous your service your
flasks fill it with your favorite liquid
and don't forget your tankers
I like coffee enjoy me now for the
simultaneous it well there's a lot of
so-called news today let's get right on
it as you're watching the tensions flare
with Iran and the United States are you
having the same feeling that I'm having
which is that I'm glad that Trump is
president and not really anybody else
and I'm not sure we could have said that
two years ago to you know two and a half
years ago we would all sort of be
guessing what Trump would do if he were
president but now we have a better idea
and we know that the last thing that
Trump wants to do is start a war with
Iran it's just the last thing but we
also know that he's famously
unpredictable so there's one thing that
Iran can't be sure about Iran can't be
sure that he doesn't want to start a war
with Iran so do you remember the days
when people would say that dumb old
unpredictable Trump
he'll be no good in the international
stage because he doesn't know anything
he'll start a war or he'll be impulsive
all the things that they said about him
but now what do we say about him the
things we can say about him now is that
he seems pretty consistent about not
wanting to get into unhelpful Wars and
war with Iran would be pretty darn
unhelpful
so he's created a pattern where the
country actually trusts that the last
frickin thing he wants is to get into a
war it doesn't matter if it's Iran
doesn't matter who it is the last thing
he wants is to get into a war now you
know John Bolton is part of the
administration you people of course are
saying well we're not so sure about John
Bolton you might want to get into war he
loves war they say about him I'm now
saying that but people say that I don't
know that they're wrong
I'm just saying that people say that but
don't you feel comfortable that John
Bolton cannot convince President Trump
to get into a war unless Trump really
wants the war on his own and I don't
think he does do you see any chance that
John Bolton times 10 other John Bolton's
could change this presidents mind you
don't right it doesn't even seem you
don't even hold that as as a fear I see
zero chance that John Bolton can change
Trump's mind to make him get into war
that you did not want to get into it's
just I can't hold those thoughts in my
head that trumps mind can be changed by
John Bolton but I don't know that I
would feel the same about any other
president I feel as though any any
president we knew less well you'd say I
don't know maybe they can maybe get
talked into it at the same time we also
feel confident that if President Trump
needs to take some kind of military
action should events transpire that
makes that more more obviously a good
choice you also you you also are
positive he could do it you know the
president Trump could pull the trigger
if events require that so it's sort of
the perfect place today at the moment
and everyone's well you have to step
back and say oh yeah he's sort of
exactly the right President for this
time in space he might not be the right
president twenty years for them might
have been the wrong president twenty
years ago
but for this exact time he's sort of
perfect in this this one area there hi
we're hearing rumors that Biden might be
considering Harris as his running mate
to get that balance looking ticket put a
woman on there put a person of color on
there and I say to myself there's no way
Biden can win this is there am I wrong
because no matter what Biden does it's
kind of not going to sit well with his
own team because if he does pick a woman
and or a person of color for his running
mate yesterday going to look like that's
the only reason he did it
because it would be I mean assuming that
they they meet the minimum
qualifications and most of the people
running do where all of them as far as I
know but it's not gonna look right it's
it's not gonna look like progress isn't
it's gonna feel it's gonna feel like
Mondale and who is his running mate
I can't remember it's gonna feel like
yeah yeah the white guy the old white
guy is gonna be in charge if they win
but we'll throw you a bone you know
we'll just we'll give you a little
something just to make you feel good yet
Geraldine Ferraro was Mondale's running
mate it feels like Geraldine Ferraro in
other words it feels like the past it
feels like something you would have done
thirty years ago but that you shouldn't
even be having the conversation in 2019
the conversation you should be having in
2019 is either the the top top part of
the ticket is a woman or person of color
or LGBTQ all right that would be a 20-19
conversation or or Biden is just the
most qualified most likely to win and he
picks whoever is the most qualified to
be vice president and you don't care
what that person
yes you just don't care it's just not
part of the conversation that would feel
like 2019 but what doesn't feel like
2019 is let's run an old white guy and
man will make the base happy by throwing
to the vice president just to just to
give them a little treat that just it
just doesn't feel like 2019 does it it
just doesn't sit right
I don't know I don't think it'll work
with his bases either so he's got a real
problem because whichever way he goes
with a vice presidential conversations
it's gonna look half wrong to half the
people there's no clean win there
all right let's talk about conservatives
being kicked off of social media
platforms have we not seen several
conservatives who were temporarily
suspended get back on Twitter we've seen
that right so who saw a car paid anthem
he had a brief suspension it was it was
reversed and he's back we saw that with
James Woods his his tweet was an emerson
quote hang them all but all he had to do
was delete that quote or I imagine I
imagine Twitter would have been fine if
he if he did the quote again but add in
the context if all he did was delete the
original quote and retweeted it with I
was trying you know I meant to quote
Emerson I don't mean literally hanging
anybody he could have made the same
statement but in a clearer way would
have totally been back on Twitter if you
wanted now it turns out that James Woods
has chosen to make a would say a
principled stand for free speech
meaning that he will not go back on
Twitter unless he can say the tweets
exactly the way he said it I would say
he's dying on the smallest little hill
so you know James Woods can do whatever
he wants to do
it's his decision Ike so I'm not gonna
second-guess it but it's a very small
hill it's not really free speech it's
about clarity it's about saying what you
mean in a clearer way that's sort of all
Twitter is asking of him isn't it if you
think about it is Twitter asking
anything beyond could this be a little
more clear so we know you're not asking
for violence that doesn't feel like the
biggest problem in the world it feels
like the tiniest little problem but
James Woods for whatever reason and I'm
not going to second-guess him would like
to make this a stand that that he wants
to take I don't have a problem with that
it's just it's the tiniest tiniest
little problem I personally wouldn't
take a stand on such a tiny thing and I
think there were a few other
conservatives who had their bands or
suspensions reversed so the thing to
look for here is the slippery slope I
always tell you there's no such thing as
a slippery slope because there will be
counter forces that that emerge to stop
things from sliding forever unless we
want them to slide forever and then of
course that's what we want to happen
so if you saw that none of those none of
those suspensions had been reversed that
would be DEFCON 25 worst thing in the
world you should be worried about that
but if you see if you see things you
think didn't seem right and you see some
number of them get reversed you started
to see something that looks like balance
returning to the system it's sort of a
system that will get out of balance
probably on a regular basis but the
public will weigh and balance will be
found there will always be a few people
you think should not have been banned
but that will just always be the case we
live in a world where people don't have
the same opinions so I would say
continue to watch this you should
continue to be very concerned about it
but at the moment it's showing signs
that the slippery slope is not some
direct
March to getting rid of all
conservatives and that doesn't seem to
be the case based on the evidence all
right I almost don't want to talk about
this next topic but I'm forced into it I
really don't want to talk about this I
can't tell you how much I don't want to
talk about the thing I'm gonna talk
about next but I have sort of an
obligation to do it uh it's it's
actually just painful I swear to god it
it it hurts me and I don't mean that as
an exaggeration I feel I feel physical
discomfort on this next topic I have to
defend a OSE it gets worse wait a minute
it gets worse I'm also going to defend
rasheed to lie to lie B I don't know how
to pronounce reveille both of them are
getting the fine people treatment this
week do you know what the fine people is
that's where people took presidents
Trump's quote about the fine people in
Charlottesville they drop out the second
part of his statement where he said I'm
not talking about the the Nazis and the
way supremacist so they cut that part
out and then people think that he's
saying the opposite of what he was
saying now when I point that out to
people who believed that the president
called races fine people what do they do
let me give you some context so you see
the puking already people will be
signing off like crazy here in a minute
when I point out to people that they
just didn't read the transcript totally
and when they do it's obvious that what
they believed about the president was a
hundred percent wrong and is completely
clear because it says so right in the
words what do people say do they ever
say ever even once do they ever say oh
my god I guess I read that wrong the
whole time I've been duped I changed my
mind to the opposite of what I thought
for three years nobody does that or two
years whatever it is nobody does it I'm
watching exactly the same thing happened
with AOC with her the world is going to
end in 12 years because
of climate change when aoc said in
whatever interview that that if we don't
do something about climate change the
the world will end or be destroyed in 12
years I read that and I heard it when I
listened to it and I said to myself oh
she doesn't mean literally the world is
ending in 12 years it's obvious in
context that this is just hyperbole and
that what she really means to me it
seemed obvious in context that what she
meant was if we don't get really really
serious in the next 12 years it'll be
too late
12 was sort of a random even number it
could have been 10 could have been 15 I
don't think that part was important she
was just saying if you don't do
something super super aggressive in the
next decade ish it's gonna be the end of
the world and the world meaning bad
things happening with climate change
doesn't really mean the end of the world
okay so when she says the world is good
man she doesn't mean literally we all
die just bad bad things are gonna happen
when she says 12 years she doesn't mean
12 years it should be obvious to anybody
who heard that that she was using
hyperbole now when I point that out what
do people say to me they say exactly
what they said on the other side when
they heard the fine people's statement
wasn't true did they ever say oh well
now that you explained it to me I get it
he didn't mean fine people were racists
he meant the other people no they never
said it they say I heard it with my own
ears
it was literally what she said Scott
stop trying to Gaslight me she said
clearly and unambiguously
in these words that in 12 years the
world will come to an end because of
climate change how can you say she
didn't say it she said it directly in
exactly those words it's just the fine
people thing in Reverse mister
the other side having the same mental
breakdown as as the Liberals do when
they hear the fine people think so
here's what a overseas had been so that
was that was my original interpretation
I think those of you who've been
watching me on periscope know that I'd
never took the bait on that twelve-year
thing I'm not the one who ever thought
that was ever serious I didn't think she
meant it seriously
I thought she assumed people would you
know understand the context but not so
here's her here's her tweet of it
so AMC says this is a technique of the
GOP to take dry humor plus sarcasm
literally and then quote fact-checking
and that's exactly what people were
doing they were taking her statement
which was not a serious literal
statement and their fact-checking it as
if it could have been meant literally
it's embarrassing
it's really kind of embarrassing because
that's exactly what's happening and
she's so right now let me stop for those
of you who don't know this I'm no fan of
a overseas policies and I think she's a
racist I don't like her at all
but it's also true that she's good at
persuasion so I'm willing to say that
she has some qualities which are
high-end well I can disagree with other
parts because I'm an adult I can do that
so she that she gives her examples she
goes like the quote world ending in 12
years thing then she says you'd have to
have the social intelligence of a sea
sponge to think it's literal kind of
agree that's exactly what I thought when
I saw people taking it literally I
thought to myself subversion of are they
joking are they pretending they're
taking it literally you couldn't really
be taking this literally and then I know
that I observe that people are at least
acting like they're taking it literally
and people are piling onto me on social
media like exactly the same way
the left piled on to me about defiant
people thing and they have the same
attitude and they say it the same way
it's like it's Groundhog Day yeah all we
did is change the topic but the way
people are responding is identical
I heard her say it oh let me get the
quote for you are you confused about the
quote let me show you the exact words
Scott how could you say there's
something so clear these exact words how
could you possibly say she doesn't mean
it
well here's how I can say that I know
how words work if you know how words
work in my case I'm a professional
writer so it's sort of my professional
career responsibility to know how words
work and in particular I'm sort of a
world expert at knowing what a joke is
that's thirty years has been my job I
know what a joke is I know when
somebody's serious I know when they're
exaggerating because I know how words
work apparently and I've told you this
before at least a third of the country
doesn't have a sense of humor and I mean
that in the literal sense the same way
some number of people don't have can't
carry a tune I would be one of them the
same way some people are blind you know
people have all kinds of different
capabilities and about a third of the
public literally can't recognize a joke
unless it's unless it's really you know
obvious and so she calls it dry humor
and sarcasm I don't think those are
exactly the right words she should have
said hyperbole but she doesn't want to
say I probably because she doesn't want
to lose the urgency that she put into
the original statement because people
sort of believed it and then and then
what happens next when people realize
that oh it is kind of obvious that she
didn't mean this literally what do
people do do they say oh oh god I took
that literally you got me I completely
thought she meant that literally but now
that she's explained it was not litter
and now Scott that you've explained that
you took it that way the whole time and
will you see it in context yes yes it's
on me why did I ever take that literally
what was I thinking
did anybody do that no nobody did that
they all mocked me for not understanding
that she must be serious and then they
start asking questions well if if she
didn't mean it
what why did other people repeat it
because I guess Beto and other people
started using that 12 12 year thing well
I don't know why other people repeated
it it's probably a combination some
probably believed it some were probably
using it as for hyperbole some maybe
didn't care they just thought it was a
convenient thing to say and then she
said the GOP is basically this is a
overseas tweet GOP is basically Dwight
from the office so who knows okay that
was pretty good all right because you we
all know Dwight from the office and it's
it's a pretty good tweet so again I
think Ames he is a racist I don't
support her policies but when she said
the world is going to end in 12 years
you should have interpreted that as we'd
better get really really serious in the
next decade or so super serious or else
were in big trouble if you interpreted
it any other way that's sort of on you
but in our political world we'll make
news out of it and turn this nothing
into news all right this gets worse if
you hated that you're gonna really ain't
this yeah I expect to see my numbers
just like drop to zero on this next one
so there's reporting that
what's-her-name representative where did
I put that okay
representative to lie B I don't know how
to pronounce it so it was reported that
there she said that she feels a calming
feeling when she thinks about the
Holocaust
she has a calming feeling when she
thinks about the Holocaust
now given that she's Pro Islam I don't
know if that's what great way to
describe her but she's she has been
accused of being anti-israel that's the
accusation I won't read her mind but
that's the accusation against her now do
you think that she said that she has a
calming feeling about the Holocaust
because it makes her feel good do you
think that's what she was me that she
intended to say it doesn't doesn't
you're the smart part of your brain tell
you maybe this is at a context ah nobody
would say that in public
are you just automatically don't you see
something wrong with us even before I
tell you what's wrong with it don't you
know this can't possibly be true and of
course it's not true because exactly
like the fine people quote where the the
the clarification was left out when he
said I'm not talking about the racist
when this is reported they report the
clarification but they bury it so the
headline will be this you said this
terrible thing which you figured a
little bit out of context you just can't
figure out how in the world this could
mean anything except something terrible
your imagination can't get you there you
hear it and you say okay even if I'm
being charitable I can think of no way
to interpret this other than the worst
possible thing that she somehow felt
good about the Holocaust well here's the
rest of what she said without any
prompting all right so this is her
statement with no prompting the other
thing she said was she talked about it
being the Holocaust being tragedy
horrific persecution of Jews across the
world etc so she says in direct language
that the Holocaust was a tragedy and
horrific persecution so she's not a soft
battling it this is her own statement
with no clear
nobody asks for a clarification she was
just continuing to talk so is there any
doubt about what she thinks about the
Holocaust I think that's very clear it's
a tragedy right and then she gives us
some context and it's clear that what
she meant was that here's my
interpretation that the Holocaust was
this horrible tragedy everybody agrees
she agrees you agree we're all in the
same page nobody's questioning that but
when she remembers it she understands a
time when the Palestinians and it hurt
in her telling of the story I know this
is not my telling to the story but in
her telling of history the Palestinians
and the the Jews essentially worked
together to find some way that the Jews
could be safe with their own their own
land and she said well this was bad for
the Palestinians but she feels some
calmness that some good came out of it
which is that the Jews were safe after
the Holocaust now that's how I interpret
it to me that's what she said
but it's very easy for the news to turn
this into she was she has a good feeling
about the Holocaust she didn't say that
she said the opposite of that she called
it a tragedy etc she just said that it
was a time when the Palestinians of the
Jews had a productive relationship and
that gives her a calming feeling about
the potential for future potential for a
future working together because there
was a time when we worked together
we meaning there was two groups now so
that turned into news this is what I
call the word news where somebody just
says something in a in artful way and
then somebody says well that's sounded
to me a little like you were saying
something terrible so let's pretend we
think that's what you said and act as
though you really meant it when
obviously you didn't mean that obviously
she didn't mean that all right
so I'll put this in the context of if
you watched how people squirmed and
struggled and went into cognitive
dissonance when the fine people hoax was
revealed to them you can see much of the
same thing in Reverse when people find
out the aoc never meant that the world
is going to be destroyed in 12 years the
obvious interpretation is that we have
to get really serious with in 12 years
according to her or or there will be
massive consequences which you could
argue is true or not but at least that's
the correct interpretation all right
here's here's news that makes me laugh
Schumer Chuck Schumer said he was
telling Pompeo who's gonna meet with
Putin I guess he said quote during your
meeting with Vladimir Putin it is
critical that you warn him that any
action to interfere in our elections
will be met with an immediate and robust
response to which I say are we to
believe according to Chuck Schumer that
the government of the United States has
not yet told Putin to stay out of our
elections or else something bad will
happen are we to believe that that
message has not yet ever been delivered
what now I I don't know that it has been
delivered I wasn't in the room I haven't
you know haven't listened to any private
conversations between Russians in the
United States but nothing would surprise
me more than to find out that against
all common sense against all logic
against everything you know to be smart
there's somehow that never came up
nobody mentioned that there's nobody in
the United States who ever said to
Russia if you do this again this is
gonna be really bad for you nobody said
that to them
maybe maybe I mean anything's possible
but it seems to me that that's pretty
much what we would have told them and
and even if we didn't tell them that
second question do we really need to
tell them that is it not obvious
as pun as Putin not paying attention to
the United States for two years he
hasn't noticed that this would be sort
of a sticky point with us I'm sure
shimmer says this to make us think that
the administration never had that idea
it's like Oh Thank You Chuck Wow
we were just gonna go over there and
drink vodka but now that you mention it
maybe we should talk about some
political stuff while we're there what
oh yeah the election stuff let's talk
about that anyway
I found that funny I'm watching the
Trump apparently quoted Tom Fenton and
the quote was that the director of the
FBI is protecting the same gang that
tried to overthrow the presidents do any
illegal coup so I kind of like the fact
that the president and his supporters
are referring to the whole Russia hoax
thing as a coup because it I it feels
fair you know I'm the one who's been
having a great you know a history of
saying that you know words matter and
you have to understand what it's
hyperbole and what it's not
but this you look like a coup we just
don't know who was thinking of it that
way
and who was thinking of it is I just
better do my job and check on this
because there's some question about
Russian connection I think some members
the FBI were just doing their job didn't
think there was anything there but they
figured well we'd better check so I
think some of it was that but clearly
there was something else going on so
there were some people who had different
intentions we know that for sure look at
all the news that we've had lately that
turned on the meaning of words now I've
told you before that one of the ways you
can you can know you're entering the
golden age an age where a lot of our big
problems are solved or on the way to
being solved is that we run out of
problems but the news still has to fill
the news with stuff and if you don't
have problems what are they gonna do
well they're gonna manufacture
so listen to the things that would have
been news and it's all about words was
the Russia collusion thing a coup or an
event or not was as spying or was an
investigation was it a hoax is is the
climate change a hoax a chinese hoax or
is it science was there collusion or was
there conspiracy was there obstruction
or was there just somebody doing his job
I mean almost all of our news is about
somebody interpreting words did the
president say find people did a OSI say
that bla bla so pretty much the news is
people acting as if they don't
understand how words work that's that
that's something like 80% of all the
news is that somebody has to pretend
they don't know how ordinary words work
and so they misinterpret it it's like oh
I get it you only read the first part of
the sentence let's make some news out of
this well if you read the second part of
the sentence you'd know that the first
part wasn't misleading well let's just
ignore the second part somebody says
look at all Taleb comments why would
that matter it wouldn't matter to this
so apparently as the the Democrats
continue to self-destruct Nancy Pelosi
asked she invited an anti-israel mob to
deliver the prayers and in the US House
just think about this Nancy Pelosi I
assume accidentally I think she just
didn't know who she had invited invites
him to mom to give the prayer and he's
got a pretty solid record of being
anti-israel I saw some of the quotes and
it's pretty hard to imagine they were
taken into context and I thought it's
like they stopped trying or something I
mean are they are they trying to lose
this election I'm starting to see people
and speculate that the reason
running Biden is that they know they
won't win and then so Biden is just the
sacrifice sacrifice all politician
everybody's thinking okay Biden is not
going to ever want to run for president
after this election I mean you'll be far
too well then so we can we can burn one
use the old white guy we can say see old
white guys don't work and then we go
back to what we wanted to do if you're a
Democrat and so people are actually
talking like this whole Biden thing it
looks like they're not serious
I mean it's starting to look like they
don't even they're not even playing to
win but here let me give you a
prediction the news business relies on
exciting news so if you're CNN you
you're Fox News what do you think about
having a president Trump well you love
it you love him or you hate him but he's
interesting all the time President Trump
is interesting from the moment he wakes
up to the time he goes to sleep if he
ever sleeps we don't even know if he
sleeps but he's interesting all the time
he is gold for the news business and
everybody would acknowledge that what is
Joe Biden Joe Biden is whatever it kills
the news business Joe Biden is so
freaking boring you know except for his
his gaffes and whatever that I think the
news business looks at him and thinks oh
my god he might actually get the
nomination this election will be
horrible it just won't be fun at all
because most of the things that they
want to say about the president don't
work if he's running against Biden here
are things that don't work hey we
shouldn't have an old white guy as
president well that doesn't work hey we
can't have somebody who long ago said
something that you know 32 years ago
sounds terrible to our ears in 2019 well
that's what they say about Trump right
it's the same thing we can't have a guy
who is always giving shoulder rubs and
trying to kiss women
may or may not like it well that's like
the main thing they say about Trump some
version of that you've grabbed him by
the whatever so Biden is the worst
matchup because all of the fun stuff
that they want to say about him oh and
what about Trump has business dealings
with you know whatever he's in it for
the money and then you've got this
hunter Biden story in the Ukraine
completely ruins all of the attacks
there's nothing that the news can use
that's juicy and fun that you can use if
Biden runs against Trump
there's just he just it's just empty so
here's my prediction the news business
can't let Biden get elected that's my
prediction and I'll go further than this
I'll go way further what and and I want
you to observe how far over my skis I am
I'm Way over my skis now meaning that
I'm making a prediction this should
sound crazy to you and that is that the
the professional news organizations that
are anti Trump are gonna start trying to
suppress Biden's run it may not be
obvious but I think he's gonna be
starved of attention and I think they'll
start promoting whoever they can figure
out might give him a run for his money
maybe not Bernie I think they're gonna
have to look for something to make it a
horse race on the left to make it
interesting at least in the primary
season and also to make it interesting
in the actual election so I would expect
that you're gonna stop hearing about
Biden as much as you think you ought to
for him being such a front-runner let me
ask you this is Biden still campaigning
think about it when was the last time
you saw Biden interviewed on CNN laylee
who is the most important politician in
the world who was not present in trouble
Biden because he's the you know the the
standard-bearer in terms of the polls
anyway he looks like he'll be the
standard-bearer
shouldn't we be seeing non-stop Biden
coverage shouldn't CNN and MSNBC have it
have him on and his surrogates on all
the time
shouldn't we be seeing clips of his
speeches shouldn't he be giving what did
they call them sprays and gaggles and
whatever look like doing what Trump does
all the time which is answering
questions informally with the press
where's all that doesn't it seem to you
that they're already starting to
downplay him and when they talk about
him do they ever talk about him with
interest when he's being reported on
they act like they're going to sleep
just talking about it so my prediction
is this that the news industry will
start to look obviously anti Biden and
it will become more and more obvious but
probably not unless they can they can a
be test some other competitor to to get
their get their visibility up a little
so you may you may see them testing all
the lesser candidates to see if they can
get somebody anybody who would be
interesting that they can sort of
promote next to Biden and maybe take his
place all right that's my prediction I
listen to an expert on Chinese trade
they use actually a China China expert
he said that the real problem with the
China trade deal and the reason that
China backed out or at least a big
reason that may not be the only reason
is the way it was written and that the
trade deal the one we thought China was
almost ready to sign
apparently the language was humiliation
so the deal was and was written in the
form of China if you do this we will
punish you this way China if you do this
we will hurt you this
chyna if you do this we will you know
will treat you like a chill a child will
punish you and and the China expert said
it doesn't matter if it's a smart deal a
good deal it doesn't matter if it makes
sense doesn't matter if the numbers work
none of that matters because it's just a
humiliation and that the the hardliners
in China looked at it and said ah I
don't care about what's fair or anything
else why we can't sign this this is
completely disrespectful it'll makes us
look like children who needed to be
scolded and I don't know I'm not a China
expert so I'm not going to put my own
opinion on that but if that's what's
happening then the only way we're gonna
get past it is some kind of a deal that
makes it look like they won well at the
same time it looks like we won so
somehow this has to be recast maybe they
need to add variables for example there
may be something else outside of trade
that China wants something that you know
we wouldn't have as big a problem giving
them so there might be something might
be something that we could widen this
negotiation so that would be something
in the deal where the Chinese could say
oh yeah we got that now there may also
be a way to word the deal so it's not
humiliating in other words it could be
just the way it's presented so you could
say for example if either side does acts
the penalty will be why knowing in
advance that only one side is likely to
do that thing so for example if we said
if either the United States or China
steals the intellectual property of the
other the penalty will be X even if you
think that that will never happen that
the United States will never to steal
their IP in any important way and that
really the only problem is that they're
stealing arms even if you believe that's
true you could certainly write the deal
so that you disguise that so that that
China will sign the deal that says yeah
finally we Chinese got a deal this says
China will that says
the United States will stop stealing our
intellectual property maybe they just
need to be able to say that so I
certainly hope that our negotiators are
smart enough to frame a deal so at least
on paper doesn't look like a humiliation
I hope we're smart enough to do that but
at least one person who knows more than
I do thinks we're not smart enough to do
that so we'll find them I saw a news
article that I like to point out
positive scientific news just so you
know what's coming
apparently some researchers I think it
was that Lawrence Lawrence Berkeley labs
figured out how to make a type of
plastic that is easy to recycle now that
might not sound like a big deal but
apparently current plastics or have lots
of different forms and they've got you
know they've got a coloring dyes in them
and and other chemicals in them and if
you try to recycle them it's sort of a
mess it's hard it's hard to sort out and
repurpose plastic the way it's currently
made but in this lab they came up with a
form of plastic which apparently used as
good as any other plastic but it has the
unique quality that you can break it
down to it's what do they call it - its
smallest level and then reconstituted
and it becomes a perfectly new good new
product so there's a new kind of plastic
that could change forever the you know
the plastic that's floating in the ocean
it could change forever how much oil we
need to use to turn into plastic it
could be yeah at the molecular level yes
so it's something you can reconstitute
at the molecular level thank you for
those that work anyway who knows if that
will be a big deal or not but when you
see that kind of development you have to
say to yourself mmm
there we have a very resourceful world
and and maybe plastic is another one of
those things we just solved or is on its
way to being solved all right let's see
we have to talk about Alyssa Milano's
sex Reich I told you that I gave Alyssa
Milano and a +4 persuasion and getting
our attention with a the so-called sex
Frank the idea is that she was
suggesting that women stop having sex
with their boyfriends and husbands until
women have control of their bodies
meaning the abortion debate and of
course she's getting pushback even from
our own side so this is another example
of how the Democrats are eating
themselves so even even feminists are
saying Alyssa Milano the way you frame
this it's as if you're saying that sex
is something that women give to men like
a gift instead of saying instead of
saying we both like sex which would be
the more modern interpretation and I
don't really have much opinion about the
pushback of this I you know I I think
that I would say that Alyssa Milano is
probably more woke than the people who
were criticizing her for being under
woke and I think that you can't tell
when I say that she's more were more
woke I think that she's beyond beyond
the old stereotype of sex is something
that women give to man I think she's
beyond that to the scientific level and
at the scientific level men really like
sex they'll do a lot to get it all right
so people are trying to treat Alyssa
Milano as though she's somehow taking
this backwards it's like oh it's like
the old days when it was like you know
the the thing that women have to offer
is just making babies and giving you sex
you're taking this back to the past
Alyssa Milano
now I'm no fan of first by the way not
her political politics but I am a fan of
her political activism because I think
she's sincere she is putting the work in
I always respect it when people work
hard no matter what it is and she's
getting attention for a cause those are
all very effective things so you can
disagree
with her all you want but it's hard to
disagree with the effectiveness of it
she got her attention anyway so my point
is that I think Alyssa Milano was taking
a scientific point of view in a more
modern view than her critics and the
more modern view is yes obviously women
have more to offer than just sex we
should already be past that question but
it's also true men really like sex and
they'll do a lot to get it so this might
work from a political standpoint it's
not it's not crazy
it's funny it's funny but it's not crazy
somebody says LMFAO you tried to say
she's smart now that's funny well I have
not offered an opinion on her
intelligence I have said that she is
working hard I've said that she's
sincere neither of those have anything
to do with intelligence and that the
effect of what she's done is that we're
talking about it that's just the fact
we're talking about her she's in the
news she's a headline she got attention
none of those have anything to do with
intelligence I'm just saying that what
she did was all what she wanted to do if
somebody says I'm going to do X and then
right in front of you they work hard and
they accomplish acts why can't we just
say so she's trying to do X it looks
like she's succeeding at that that's
that's the beginning in the end of the
story I just don't think it's helpful to
just automatically hate everything about
the people that are on the other side
yeah you can say they're doing some good
stuff you just don't like the other
stuff it's okay you can do that the book
there was a book I was recommending
yesterday called invisible influences
it's about how easily people are are
brainwashed and persuaded and one of the
tests that they do is one you've seen
before in these Street interviews how
many times have you seen somebody do
these one of these gotcha
Street interviews where they will
pretend
that a Democrat policy is a Republican
policy and vice versa and they'll try to
get people who say they're in one side
to back the policy of the other side
just by not telling them it's the other
side's policy and how often does that
succeed almost every time almost every
time you can get a Democrat to strongly
back a Republican policy if you fool
them and told them it was a Democrat
policy and vice versa it works both ways
now that has been demonstrated
scientifically in other words they've
done tests where they'll present
information without context and see what
people think and then they'll present it
with the context of a different group
and they'll say this is the Democrat
view what do you think or this is the
Republican view what do you think and
what you find is that it doesn't matter
what the facts of the case are it
doesn't matter what the situation is
doesn't matter what the argument is
completely doesn't matter it only
mattered to people which team it came
from the moment they heard that it came
from their own team or the other team
they took aside and then they argued why
it made sense but that argument why it
made sense was an afterthought because
they didn't make a decision based on it
making sense
they simply heard which team it was and
then they joined the team and by the way
many of these studies they're looking
for a statistically significant effect
right it's like a lot of studies would
be like well yes we move people by five
percent so we think this is pretty valid
this isn't a five percent effect this is
closer to a hundred percent you can move
almost a hundred percent of Republicans
and Democrats to a view that's the
opposite of their own view simply by
telling them that that their team agrees
with it that's it
almost a hundred percent think about
that do you believe that you have free
will it's been disproven your free will
in terms of political opinion has been
scientifically conclusively disproved
you can repeat repeat the experiment in
a hundred different ways and 100
different varieties and do you know what
happens it's always the same people
don't use any kind of common sense or
facts to make political decisions now I
think it might be different for the
professionals because they've got a lot
going on but for the voters
we're simply watching the news and then
forming opinions none of it has to do
with the reason none of it has to do
with the fact people simply take sides
and then argue why it made sense for
them to take that side anyway that
explains all the the word news that you
see the reason that each team is making
news and of the way somebody worded
something this is because they can and
because they actually talked themselves
into believing everything the other side
says is crazy and stupid all right
ah free will does not exist that is
correct it is an illusion how do we get
our team on our teams in the first place
that's a good question
so there's also research that shows that
there's a genetic component to whether
you're conservative or liberal and that
has been pretty well established so so
there's a big part that you're just born
with born with some kind of impulse one
way or the other beyond that you're
probably born into a family that shares
those same impulses because DNA so
you're probably born into it with a
natural inclination to lean one way it's
reinforced by the fact that your family
leans that way they have a similar DNA
so it's a combination of genetic and
social forces now there are people who
change sides but I'll bet they don't
change sides often unless at the same
time there's something else changing in
their life in other words they may be
less close to the people who they used
to agree with and they may have met a
few people that are influential on the
other side and so it's it's because the
people change them not because the
argument change them might be because
they get older my
they have discovered something but for
the most part people just join the team
and then argue why they white made sense
to be there now I've told you for a
couple years that one of the tricks I
used to remain independent and thought
as much as a human can is that I don't
vote and I don't identify with either
party and part of the way I do that
which is hard it's hard to not identify
with the left of the right is I spend
most of my time saying good things about
Trump's skills as a persuader but I also
identify myself as left to Bernie which
is sort of a category that I'm not even
sure exists but because I brand myself
as ambiguous in theory according to
everything we know about science and
persuasion you should give me a more
clear opinion of both teams because I
don't say I'm not on the team and I
don't say I am on the team I observe
very few people in the United States are
actually observers somebody says now
you're lying I'm not sure which part you
think I'm lying about but you can put it
in a comment if you want I'll be happy
to comment on it so the the part that I
would say for sure and those of you been
watching me can say this with you can
confirm this
I do take opinions on both sides so you
have seen me spread my opinion across
various political ideologies so when I
see President Trump say the fine fine
people think I'm not predisposed to
think he's a monster so I can see it
more clearly when aoc were to lobby
Slaby
I wish I knew how to pronounce her name
I feel bad about that but when they say
things that I may not agree with but I
can at least understand what they intend
to say because I'm not on a team and I
do believe it gives you some ability to
to see the world more clearly by not
being associated with the team it's like
a superpower
- liebe I see lots of different people
helping me pronounce that but none of
it's helping could you change the impact
of a speech with a laugh track yes you
could yeah you can change how any
communication is how it is received by
changing the context and a laugh track
is would be part of the context so yes
you can absolutely change communication
by changing the context these are the
disingenuous arguments that cost you
credibility do you notice there's no
reason there so if whoever just said
your argument is disingenuous and it's
costing you credibility that is a sign
of cognitive dissonance it means that
I've said something that's triggered you
and you have no unit you don't know and
your response is to imagine that you can
read my mind
so somebody here believes they've read
my mind and that's something I said is
disingenuous in other words that I'm
intentionally misleading or lying why
would I do that it's exactly the
opposite of all of my ambitions my
entire ambition is that I can disagree
with you and and do it honestly
let's look this is my entire brand my
brand is not to convince you of
something that isn't true or useful I
don't have what what possible incentive
would I have for that I don't get paid
by anybody to do that
I have no financial interest it doesn't
help my reputation it doesn't make me
feel good I have no interest in being
disingenuous about any of these topics I
don't have a personal stake I'm not
running for office I just don't have an
interest if I had an interest then you
would be I think you would be it would
be reasonable for you to say I think
he's he's got a self interest here he
might not be saying the truth because
people who have self interest do not
tell the truth
my entire
ambition is for people to think that I
am willing to to tell the truth on both
sides that's all I want to accomplish
because that's what gives me that's what
that's what would give me value all
right to have value I have to be
legitimate on both sides and if I if I
were to say something that you could sit
there and say oh that's obviously a lie
he's not saying what he means if I did
that even for a second it would
completely ruin everything that I'm
trying to do all right there's a Forbes
article about me that says I have an
agenda yeah whenever you see anybody
writing about anybody whether it's me or
anybody else and they purport to know
what you're thinking or your your real
intentions sometimes they're right but
you should assume that by by a large
margin they're usually not maybe 60% of
the time somebody says you want to be
recognized as the smartest person in the
room not smartest that that would be a
that bar would be too high because you
know the smartest people in the world
are so smart that they're almost alien
creatures and I'm not going to make a
play for being the smartest person in
the world that's a completely enter and
a reach I would like to make a play for
developing some systems and techniques
to keep one relatively open-minded and
and free from the bubbles that we get
into so I would like to stake out that I
have some technique and it's just
technique something anybody can do that
keep me relatively free from bias not
free from bias because people can't do
that nobody can be free from bias but
you can use some tools to put a control
on it and
and I tried to demonstrate that through
prediction so if you've been watching
you know that my claim is not that I
have been right about something but
rather than I'm predicting something and
you can see that if this filter on the
world that I present the persuasion
filter as I like to call it then if it's
accurate you'll see that the predictions
are accurate so that's that's the only
standard that I'd like to be judged on
all right I got other things to do I'm
gonna go do them right now
and I hope that you have an amazing day
talk to you later