[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
the simultaneous sip it's good to see
bill pulled a in the house
bill are you wearing your mask be
careful
can't be too careful well today the
simultaneous if will be extra special
because it always is let's face it and
all you need to participate in the
simultaneous up is a cover of margaret
glass a tanker chelators tying the kitty
injector flask oh I think I aimed fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the oh okay
there's Alyssa is it gonna be so easy if
you're listening at home I'm wearing the
face mask something's got to give I can
either risk my life or not have coffee
risk my life no I have coffee sip time
go oh yeah you got to keep your
priorities straight to people now back
to safety now you might be saying to
yourself
Scott why are you selfishly wearing an
n95 mask when everybody knows that they
should be reserved for medical
professionals well the story is I found
this in a drawer I don't know how old it
is
I don't know why I originally ever had
it but I sort of randomly found it in a
drawer and it had been used so I don't
think that the medical professionals
wanted this one now I'm always looking
for the the bright spot in the crisis
and I think there's one bright spot that
everybody is overlooking and that I feel
is it's sort of it's down to me
to point out the positive in this bad
situation and the positive is ever since
I was a little kid I wanted to be a
ventriloquist but if you've ever tried
being a ventriloquist it's really hard
until today so I'd like to do my
ventriloquist act I'm asking Dilbert to
join me Dilbert has his face mask on and
I give you now the ventriloquism in the
age of coronavirus hey Dilbert how you
doing today I'm doing pretty good pretty
good
do you are you worried about the
coronavirus a little bit yeah a little
bit
doing my social isolation how's that
working out it's the social isolation
that is well seriously when you're a
single guy every day is Palm Sunday what
every day is Palm Sunday I don't get it
that's okay
well so Dilbert do you have a sense of
smell hmm no do you have a sense of
taste mm-hmm no did they recently go
away hmm now that you mention it yeah
sort of reason do you feel any fever a
little bit a little bit warm you've
gotta admit I don't know is it warm in
here is it warm here I can't it seems a
little warm in here do you have any
chest pains or or a dry cough yeah now
that you mention it a little bit of a
dry cough and in my chest pains oh my
chest pains yep yep chest pains a little
bit yeah now that you mention it well
I'm no doctor but you're a little bit
close to me right now
really really yeah you're you're really
close to me right now really really is
cause I'm not touching you I'm not
touching you no this isn't funny I'm not
touching you I'm not touching you I'm
not touching you don't touch this is not
funny I know you think this is funny
this is not funny
I'm not touching you that's how you
handle that so in the age of coronavirus
we all could be ventriloquist's it's
much easier all right yeah did you hear
the news that Joe Biden has agreed that
if he appears in public you'll wear a
mask the face mask now
I love my simulation and the simulation
everyday delivers to us a little
delicious nugget what is the one thing
that II didn't necessarily think was
true but you couldn't get it out of your
head that Joe Biden when he's only
appearing from his secret basement
bunker on video he could be a deep fake
I'm not saying he is but you can't rule
it out because the technology could
actually reproduce that but luckily
we'll see him in person
except that he'll be aware of a mask and
probably as aviator sunglasses so what
could be more perfect than a candidate
for president who is unable to show
proof of life I think that's just
perfect an insightful comment from
Twitter user a s Fuli pho ul le and he
says this he says the task force has no
incentive to give an all-clear in other
words to tell us we can go back to work
they have the same problem the FDA has
when approving new drugs and that
they'll get criticized if someone ties
their decision to a death any death
trade-offs go out the window you are
correct you are correct yes Fuli fool
even though your name sounds like fool
it's a very wise thing to say I'm
probably pronouncing it wrong
and I would agree that the incentives
are wrong because the leaders their
primary incentive is to avoid killing
somebody whereas you and I if we were to
make the decision we'd say well you know
maybe it's better to get the economy
running and a few people could die you
know that's a tough world you got to
make choices so I don't think that our
leaders are in a position to make the
decision that is the most important
decision in other words we have a system
which handcuffs the decision-makers and
they really can't make an independent
decision that would be good for the
country because what's good for the
country could be the very opposite of
what's good for the decision-makers so
that's a bad system a good system is
where let's say there's transparency and
democracy and everybody can see what the
leader is doing then you say oh okay
well that decision it might be good for
the leader too but it's so transparent
we can see that it's also good for us so
as long as the leaders interests and our
interests are the same it doesn't matter
too much if a decision is also good for
the leader well cuz it's good for us too
you know if something's good for the
economy it would be good for the Trump
business but I don't rule it out because
of that I just say well isn't it good
that we have the same incentives but as
was just pointed out we the public do
not have the same incentives as our
leader at this moment and that could
kill a lot of people it actually could
kill people that that system imbalance
so what would it take to fix the system
so that the people who are making the
decisions could could make a decision
that would get people killed and still
would be okay with the decision makers
who possibly could make those kinds of
decisions somebody says a I I hadn't
thought about that but that would be an
interesting alternative if we had that
technology here's my answer the public
we have a situation in which we cannot
depend on our leaders to make the right
decision because what's good for them is
actually not what's good for us because
they're more about not being blamed for
killing somebody totally understandable
humans or humans right if you were in
that position
you'd be a little reluctant to kill
people and have that on your permanent
record you know but if the economy takes
a big hit well you're a famous doctor or
you're the president you're not
personally gonna take much of a hit you
know your life will be similar but you
don't want to be blamed for murder so
the one way to solve this that I can see
is for the public to take control of the
decision not yet I think you still have
to give them a little bit room to
operate there's still information being
collected etc but my personal timeline
goes like this if at the end of this
week our leaders are not doing the
minimum level of competent behavior
which is they have something like the
plan I don't care if it gets revised but
there should be something like an
initial plan and something like telling
us how many supplies we have for the
hospitals and how many we need just
really basic stuff if they can do that
by the end of the week and it's pretty
easy you know there's there's nothing
difficult about any of that then I would
say okay let let the government keep
running with the ball because they've
shown they can get get yardage to use a
sports analogy and so as long as they're
gaining ground let them keep going but
if it looks like at the end of this week
we don't have something that looks like
a plan
even a preliminary one and we don't have
something that looks like good
information so that we the public can
make some decisions on our own or
participate or show our support for
something or
put more money behind you no pushing to
get more suppliers of this kind or that
knowing knowing how big the risk is so
we can buy into the government's
decision or not buy into it because
we've been fully informed so if we get
to the end of the week we just have to
take matters into our own hands has that
ever worked before have you ever seen it
or the situation recently in which the
public made the decision and then just
force the government to do it yeah yeah
you saw it this week who forced the
government and our experts to finally
admit that tent that facemasks work that
didn't come from the government that
didn't come from the experts that came
from us that came from the public the
public basically just overruled the
experts right that's what I saw I saw
the public say it's obvious that you're
lying to us about that so you're gonna
change that now yeah you're gonna go
change that now what did the public do
or what did the the leaders do they went
and changed it they went and changed it
because their bosses the public said you
know we're okay giving you a lot of
freedom to be flexible because we don't
have all the information but wouldn't
you lie to us that aggressively and that
blatantly about the face masks not
working you don't get to make the
decisions anymore the public took that
decision away from them is it am i over
interpreting that would you say that
that was an accurate description of what
we just witnessed did you not witness
the public simply took the decision away
from the leaders and the experts because
it was obvious they weren't getting it
done it was obvious they were lying to
us well likewise although maybe we don't
know the right answers for when to go
back to work and how to do it we do know
the difference between having a plan and
not having a plan we can tell the
difference and we don't have a plan and
if we don't get one
I think we have to take that control
back so we the public need to do exactly
what we did with face masks we need to
take the decision-making back if we have
a system where the incentives of our
leaders and our experts render them
unable to act or at least unable to act
in a way that we think is in the best
interest for the public so at the end of
the week if we don't have something that
looks like the government actually being
able to function you know in a good way
that's good for the public then I'm
gonna start putting together a plan and
if I can get enough public support for
it I think we should exert civil
disobedience and just implement the plan
now here's the thing you need to know if
three people break the law well they go
to jail you know because there's lots of
police and if only three people are
breaking the law and they get caught
well they go to jail but if a hundred
billion people break the law or break
the guidelines in this case it's more of
guidelines and laws if a hundred billion
people break the guidelines the police
break them too and they say oh I guess
we're doing this nail the police don't
send a hundred million people home they
can't so we should watch our government
and we should have very clear criteria
for what it means for them to succeed
and to fail and here's my clear criteria
at the end of the week we should have
something like the bare bones of a plan
to get back to work you know at least an
outline the beginning of something the
shows you know there's thought and
intention there the seems in the right
direction doesn't have to be perfect
doesn't even have to be one that I
personally agree with because I'm no
expert but something the shows are doing
the job that would be enough and also
something that shows they're at least
trying to give us useful numbers about
the PPE and ventilators and all that
stuff so those are very objective they
either gave us some context of how much
we have and how much we need or they
didn't doesn't even have to be accurate
because they can update it as they go
so that's where I'm at it seems to me
that CNN is in a bad spot because I need
this I hydroxychloroquine did not work
because a lot of what they need to
believe and they need for their business
model and they need for the public to
find out is that the president is not
serving them well you know he's being
unscientific about his optimism and it's
starting to bug me because here's what
I'm watching the press doing and I don't
know if the press could be more
worthless than this if you like the
press is trying to get ouchy
and Trump to act like the other in other
words they're trying to get Trump to
talk the way a doctor would talk and
they're trying to give pouchy to talk
the way a non doctor would talk about
exactly the same topic you know whether
it's worth the risk of the hydroxyl
chloroquine but they don't disagree it's
only the way they talk that's different
I don't need Trump to talk like a doctor
I don't need the doctor to talk like a
layperson
I'm perfectly happy if the doctor says
this is not going through clinical
trials that's what would tell us that
it's the safest that's what would be
required for me personally as a doctor
to say go do this but as a doctor I can
also say that individual doctors might
make the choice that it might be a
reasonable one to to give the drug under
certain circumstances
what does President Trump say same thing
President Trump says the same thing he
just uses layperson language so if I
have to sit through another press
conference where the press is trying to
get Trump to talk like a doctor or
trying to get a doctor to talk like
Trump could anything be less useful than
that anything is there anything that the
press could do to make themselves more
discredited more useless than trying to
get to different professions to use the
same language even when we know they're
talking about exactly the same thing in
the same
way I mean content-wise it's the same
thing could not be more useless
apparently if you watched the last
conference Trump referred to or baby was
the one before he referred to a study
that said that people who were take who
were taking hydroxychloroquine for lupus
word not getting covin 19 and the
suggestion is that that shows that the
the drug works to prevent Hydra
different prevent crime virus the
problem with that is that that never
happened there is no study of that type
there is anecdotal evidence from China I
think that they said that they noticed
that correlation so is something they
noticed but it's not a study so the
president was just you know dead wrong
that it's a study because that would
that would sort of lis inflate the
credibility of what we do have which is
just anecdotal reports that China and
ominous there was a correlation here's
an update from my local medical
situation in Northern California at
least for Kaiser Permanente and I can't
speak for other hospitals if you have
all of the symptoms for coronavirus I
mean just the classic ones it's just
obvious you have it you know the shorter
breath the tightness the dry cough you
know that you've had for several weeks
contact with people who but yeah
everything if you have all of the
symptoms but you're not you're not
hospital ready you can't get a test
can't get a test and you can't get the
hydroxychloroquine or anything else
you're literally told to walk it off so
the medical the medical profession where
I live is already non-existent I I can't
go there for something else because
they're sort of reserving with the
hospitals for the important stuff so I
can't use it for what I want to use it
for
nor can I use it for the thing it's
designed for which is coronavirus so you
can't use it if you don't have
coronavirus but you also can't use it if
you have coronavirus those are the two
conditions now if you have coronavirus
and you're ready for hospitalization
then apparently they'll start getting
flexible when it's too late right
because the hydroxyl chloroquine almost
certainly has more impact if you get it
early so and at the same time I can
confirm from one person in my my
personal circle who isn't it a hospital
employee who is sent home because they
don't have anything to do now is there
any conflict between the predictions
that the hospitals will be slammed and
the fact that ninety percent of the
hospitals or something like that are so
not busy they're sending people home
because there's nothing to do there's no
conflict between those two things
the reason ninety percent of the
hospitals are empty is because they're
anticipating a surge and the anticipated
surge is not today at least not today
everywhere it's like a week from now so
the fact that they're ready and maybe
they got ready too soon I don't think
that's a knock against them and it
certainly doesn't say that they're doing
anything wrong just based on that so
here's the two movies that have taken
form I don't and this is going to bug
you for years but there are two movies
or two interpretations of what we're
seeing and they can never be sorted out
meaning that there's no way in the
future we'll ever know who was right so
these two movies we'll just go forever
the two movies of this movie one
infections are lower than predicted
because the mitigation works so we're
seeing less than predicted deaths and
infections exactly because social
isolation works and maybe also the hydro
hydroxychloroquine is working for the
few people who can get it so that would
be movie one
that we're doing all the right things
and it's working here's movie two
infections are lower than predicted and
that's proof that the entire thing was a
giant hoax and we should have gone to
work the whole time you'll never be able
to sort those out a hundred years from
now we still won't know if infections
were low because we did a good job and
there will be people who argue it and
they'll have statistics and arguments or
if it was never that big a problem in
the first place and we just had a mass
hysteria about it because you know there
are going to be experts in scientists
and data to make that point as well
those two worlds will go forward forever
and never have to bump there they're
just two completely different realities
that have now been created and we will
live you got a pick one you're gonna
live in one of those realities or the
other so that's not good if you didn't
hear me last night there's a website
that I tweeted yesterday so if you look
in my yesterday tweets you'll see that
you can calculate your own risk of dying
from coronavirus and I calculated my and
put in my particulars and it gave me a
2.6 percent chance of dying if I get it
and and about a 50% chance of getting it
so you know cut that in half right so
1.3 percent chance of me dying of
coronavirus according to one website I
mentioned last night but if some of you
didn't hear it and some smart people are
noticing that there's this freakishly
good correlation between what happens to
people when they've got clove in
nineteen and what happens to people with
a completely different problem called
high-altitude pulmonary edema now the
theory is that with a high altitude
pulmonary edema then it's not the lungs
necessarily well yeah I think that I
think the issue is that if you look at
the lungs of the two different patients
with these two different
problems and you do the checklist of
symptoms they're identical now the fact
that the symptoms are identical doesn't
mean that there's only one problem and
you know we should figure out which it
is it means that these two have
something in common that might be useful
to know in other words it might be a key
to finding out something important and
the hypothesis is that just maybe unlike
the current view of the consensus view
is that the virus gets in your lungs and
destroys them that by what might be
happening
unconfirmed because some doctors are
speculating that what might be happening
is that the blood might begin to get
degraded so it can't carry the oxygen to
the lungs and then the damage you see in
the lungs is simply the result of the
blood being damaged and not being able
to provide enough oxygen so so and that
would also suggest that there's a reason
the hydroxychloroquine works because I'm
told and you know I can't verify this
myself but I'm told that malaria has
that same quality which is that it
affects the blood so if the
hydroxychloroquine is known to fix
something in the blood and this might
also be a problem that's happening in
the blood and and they're very similar
protective mechanisms going on there's
some smart people who say maybe that's
the reason it's working so so you got
that going on so there are two
completely different theories of what
the problem is whether the infection is
hurting the lungs directly or the the
blood directly and then the blood hurts
the lungs but in both of those cases the
anecdotal evidence suggests that the
hydroxychloroquine is still a good bat
two completely different potential
explanations and it's the same treatment
and the treatment doesn't have a big
downside in terms of side effects it's
just getting painfully obvious that you
know the the supply of this the
drug is important now of course the the
Lupus people and the arthritis people
and the malaria people are justifiably
quite concerned that their supply will
be taken away and they could die you
know if you've got untreated lupus or
something you could just die so they are
justifiably panicked about their supply
situation but here again since the task
force does not give us useful
information about how much we have and
how much we need and and I've been asked
this question which is a fair question
people say does it really matter if the
public knows the data as long as we're
trying as hard as we can to make as much
as we can and I would say under normal
world you know you could see why it
wouldn't matter as long as we're trying
as hard as we can to make as much as we
can well that's all you can do you know
and it's not a problem if you make too
much that's not the worst problem in the
world but here's the problem
let's take hydroxychloroquine do you
know as a citizen do you know if the
reason that you can't get it is because
of supply or because of incompetence in
in leadership or specifically a specific
kind of incompetence which is the
leaders don't want to risk of killing
somebody even if it means saving a
million
can you tell as a citizen if the real
problem here is the supply you can't
because our government has not given us
supply information in context today for
example FEMA tweeted out this completely
useless information this is from Pete
Gaynor
at FEMA now this is nothing against Pete
Gaynor nothing against FEMA but he
tweets out that the project the air
bridge where we're flying in stuff from
other countries brought in 2.8 five
million surgical masks 18,000 guy owns
170,000 respirators 11 million gloves is
that a lot do you know is that a lot
plane came in with 170,000
and 95 respirators how many hospitals
does that supply well and for how many
days there's that three hospitals does
it does that give us one percent of our
capacity there's no context why don't
why do I care how much was on the plane
I don't
I only care that we have enough I care
that we have ten percent or ninety
percent so here's a concrete answer to
your question why does the public and
need to know here's why I need to know
if the reason I can't get the meds that
that I personally think would be a good
risk reward trade-off
you know the hydroxychloroquine if the
reason I can't get it is because the
supply can't be fixed then I'm gonna be
patient and I'm gonna say okay okay
let's let the lupus people get their
supply let's you know let's not do
anything crazy until our supply is under
control but I don't know that our
president just said we got twenty nine
million pills is that a lot is that not
a lot there's no context I have no idea
so I as a citizen can't get involved I
can't push anybody I can't force anybody
to resign I can't put pressure on
anybody because I don't know what to
pressure or why I might just be flying
blind but if you told me that we have
enough pills and I'm still not getting
them let's say I had a reason to get
them if we have enough and I'm not
getting them I know who to push right
I'm going to push my government I'm
gonna push kouchi I'm gonna you know rob
a pharmacy I'm gonna do something but so
the the long answer the question is in
the situation where we can't trust our
government to do the right thing because
their incentives are wrong their
incentives is to not kill anybody and
have that on the resume your incentive
as a citizen is to do what's better for
the greater good and for yourself of
course but you have a different
incentive so you need the public to be
able to be the boss
and to push our leaders to do what they
need to do as we did with the face masks
now with the face mask we didn't need to
be told too much extra information
because it was just obvious that they
were lying but with the
hydroxychloroquine it's not obvious to
me what's a lie and what's and what's
just a genuine shortage and managing
hoarding and all that stuff so without
that information that we don't know how
to be the boss and unfortunately we have
to be the boss because the people who
got the job of the boss can't do it
under these conditions they can't
operate they don't have the right
incentive and I don't see that changing
so you're gonna have to take control
probably here's some good news the this
whole situation of trying to get these
supplies is proving to us that
competition and price transparency is
probably the only thing that's ever
going to fix healthcare so when you see
all the price gouging and and people
just you can't even find the supply they
don't know who's lying it's three levels
of distributors and middlemen you can if
you're talking to the Bayne company they
don't even know where their supply is
because it went out to the distributors
so you can see from just the PPE
situation that the healthcare market is
just a complete blind spot there's
nobody from any vantage point who can
look at it and say oh we've got this
much of this and it costs this much and
this this person is selling a little at
a little lower maybe that can lower the
price so there's no visibility and and
this is being brought home to us with
this emergency but the good news is I
think we could fix healthcare because if
you if you could go directly at this
lack of transparency and market
competition I think there are a gigantic
gains to be made I don't think I realize
how bad it was until the emergency sort
of surfaced the inefficiencies there
here are some of the worst things that
people are saying about coronavirus so
here's the loser think ish most loser
think things you can
say so the three of them the three worst
takes now I'm not saying I have all the
right answers but there are some times
that you can tell what is irrational all
right so your some of your rational
points of view our government is only
pretending to be incompetent and not
giving us good information because the
real plan is evil genius plan for
softening us up for the coming
dictatorship and that really this is
also kind of a dress rehearsal and try
and sort of testing to see if they can
make the public do anything they walk
just by lying to us or or telling us to
stay home now
if your alternative explanations for
what you observe are incredibly clever
of farsighted genius plan or
incompetence
which one's the likely one because
incompetence is basically universal
incredibly clever plan to take over the
world that sees years in advance yeah
not so common well sure I know a few
people who are working on it but it's
not very common so if you're gonna bet
on it I wouldn't bet on that here's
another bad take that China
intentionally released a weapon of mass
destruction in the middle of one of the
most populated centers as their way to
weaken the United States how exactly did
that meeting go you know we're the
Chinese sitting around and they're big
you know the big leadership meeting and
somebody said I got an idea if you
really want to hurt America here's how
you do it we'll create this this awful
virus and then we'll release it in the
middle of our population center in the
middle of China and then one of the
other leaders would say oh yeah can you
connect the dots here because I'm not
seeing how releasing a weapon of mass
destruction in the middle of our own
territory gets us to that good place
you're talking about well let me explain
we'll release a new HOD will yeah sure
we might kill 300,000 people but we'll
keep it secret and it will spread and
then the United States will shut down
its economy but we won't because we
don't care about our people and we're
not reporting on the deaths anyway and
then it will keep growing while the
United States destroys itself with their
silliness do you think that conversation
happened I don't think so
I think that as soon as you as soon as
someone in the meeting says hey I've got
an idea
will release a weapon of mass
destruction in our own territory and
we'll put it right in the middle you
know we won't even put it in a at like a
port and we'll put it right in the
middle in the country a major scene as
soon as somebody suggests that that's
kind of the end of you at the meeting
right don't you say thanks Bob
you can go now here's the other bad take
is that the hospitals are I think ninety
percent the hospitals are just so empty
they're sending people home and that
therefore that proves that it was all a
hoax that's a really bad take because
the hospitals are empty in anticipation
of an upcoming surge that isn't here yet
of course they're getting ready for the
surge of course they're empty the week
before the surge because they don't know
exactly what it's going to start and and
they you know they don't want to get a
bunch of elective surgeries and the
pipeline where you have to follow up and
you know make sure the stitches around
all that so if everything is working the
way it should and people are getting
ready for the surge ninety percent of
the hospitals should have no work that's
if you're doing everything right this
week they should all be empty getting
ready now if the surge doesn't come well
there's your two movies because half of
the country will say well it's because
of our mitigation I guess we did a good
job in half of the country we'll say I
told you it was a hoax no surge all
right
here are some things I've learned about
why it's so hard to get masks so here
are some things that I have some pretty
good information on from good source who
should remain anonymous so apparently
what happened is that early on when
smart people realized that masks were
going to be in great demand these smart
people bought them all now I'm talking
about not just individuals but I'm
talking about distributors you know
would put in a big order and then maybe
some rich people also buying from the
distributors and in a bunch of foreign
countries buying from them as well so if
you're to look at the big makers of mass
and say hey give us some face masks the
big manufacturer of face max
mess will say we don't do that because
they don't they make it and then they
provide it to people with placed orders
or their distributors and then the
distributors who are in other countries
you know we don't control them then they
apparently jack up the price to robbery
levels that the United States will now
pay so the basic problem is that the
United States is saying we'll pay this
much which is you know more than fair
it's above market but we're not going to
pay this much guess what the price is
it's not this much it's this much guess
what other countries are willing to pay
it's not this much it's this much and
they're not even close
right there they're not in the same
ballpark the the emergency pricing you
know the price gouging price is
something like triple what the United
States is willing to pay now you might
say to yourself well we should just pay
it because the the price of not paying
it would be greater than the price of
paying it except we're such a big
country that if we pay the inflated
price what's going to happen those of
you with economics degree is please fill
in the blank if the United States
doesn't hold firm
at the lower price and we go up to the
market price which is triple what
happens the day we do that price goes up
again because we would bid the price up
we're a big enough buyer that we would
change the market situation and then
what happens to China does China then
say well I guess we can't buy any masks
nope
China comes in and says dammit I guess
we got to pay the quadruple price and
then what does the United States do say
well we were only willing to play the
triple but we're not willing to pay
quadruple no because we don't get any
masks so we have to go up to quadruple
what happens the day you go up to
quadruple goes up to five times so you
can't pay for it and get to a good
result because paying for it you know
paying the high prices changes the
market to in a bad way
and you can't not pay for it because
then you don't get them so what are your
options if you can't pay for it and you
can't not pay for it and those are your
only options what do you do well you do
what you do now which is you do the best
you can you you you try pushing every
button every lever every look under
every rock you just you know you just do
everything you can and that's sort of
what's happening there there's a whole
you know Mad Max road warrior thing
happening out there I hear quite
reliably so there are plenty of frauds
in the market there are plenty of price
Gaucher's people in different countries
shadowy people lots of middlemen so
there's absolutely no visibility in the
mask market between the buyer and the
supply the buyer can never talk to the
supplier they have no conversation the
only way that a buyer and a supplier can
have a conversation is through several
middles
levels of middle people often in other
countries who are not credible and
they're not they're not trying to make a
good deal there they're just criminals
basically so here's the situation you
kind of can't get there from here
in the short run so in the short run
unless you went in with weapons and
actually just stole them you actually
couldn't get them I don't know the the
details of the there was some story
about some masks were being delivered to
Germany and the United States basically
just stole them well if you hear that
story out of context you'd say to
yourself are you kidding me
the United States just stole a shipment
that there was already bought and
designated for another country that's
our ally did that really happen well I
don't know if that really happened you
know these stories you can't trust
anything right now but I will tell you
that that story describes the normal
situation so let me tell you it seems
that if any country has a chance to
steal masks they're gonna do it because
although all the rules are gone it's
just the Wild West out there so yeah so
Michael and Al is trying to make them in
the United States but what do you think
he's going to charge for them because
the price to make them in the United
States is not going to be anywhere near
the price of making them overseas so
Michael and L will probably create
supply and it will probably be dedicated
to the United States and that's great
but it's not going to be cheap but still
at least we can get it and and if if you
buy it you know at his prices he's
probably not going to call it you know
create an auction or a price war so
Michael and L is probably the you know
at least part of the answer all right
what else we got going on here too -
just looking at my notes what would you
say to the odds of hydroxychloroquine
working I would love to see your
comments I'll give you my estimate in a
minute so we're all aware of the
hydroxychloroquine situation the
situation is that there are not there
are no highly reliable studies of the
type that would be the gold standard for
studies
there's only anecdotal and small studies
that have problems if you were to put a
percentage odds that the
hydroxychloroquine works in in a way
that's substantial it doesn't have to be
like a miracle drug but just say it
works in a way that's substantial and
really really moves that moves the ball
what percentage odds do you think that
that's true
give me your odds in the comments the
odds that the hydroxyl chloroquine is a
substantial and useful medicine for this
give it to me as a percentage so I'm
gonna read them off I see 65 95525 point
8 percent you know oh why you have that
I'll let you have ninety-nine point
eight but if you're saying 100 percent
you should never talk in public again I
think that stop well okay there's
another 100 percent
apparently I'm not influencing people or
there's a time lag so I'm seeing a lot
of 80 percents I if I had to just sort
of mentally do an average just watching
the numbers go by
it looks like it's somewhere in the high
70s or 80 percent let me give you my
estimate 60%
so I'm the I'm on the low end compared
to you so I get it was 60% and the
reason that I'm lower than most of you
is that I probably have spent more time
looking at the unreliability of early
studies something like half of all
studies that get peer reviewed turn out
not to be true they don't they don't
hold up and over time so if you didn't
know that you know if you said to
yourself well I think doctors are
usually right when they see clear
patterns like this they're usually right
so I'm gonna say it's 80% chance to
right I don't know that's true I think I
think when you have this level of
information that the odds of
hydroxychloroquine working in a
significant way and and again without
terrible side effects I give us 60
percent solid 60 percent based on an
anecdote and you know doctor opinion and
all that but the odds of it not working
at all
solid forty percent in my in my opinion
all right so I see you have many
different opinions on that here's the
other warning I was just reading about a
test where somebody tested the
hydroxychloroquine and didn't seem to
have that much of an effect but then you
look at the details and it seems that
where it works reportedly but not in a
clinically statistically convincing way
where it's reported to work they're
pairing it with zinc so that seems to be
the magic comparison so when you're
seeing the studies that purport to study
the hydroxychloroquine make sure that
they're also studying it in combination
with the azithromycin or at least the
think because if you're now seeing them
study it as a as a group you probably
aren't getting something useful so
that's just a little warning there all
right that's our situation today
it will help sixty percent or 60 percent
chance it will work
to clarify I'm saying that in my opinion
based on what we see there's a 60
percent chance the drug is effective as
opposed to who it would help
individually I'm not talking about that
I say there's a 60 percent chance that
it would help most people somebody says
I knew you'd say that you you know me
well you know me well yeah the fact that
doctors are taking it doesn't mean it's
a hundred percent the fact that doctors
are taking it would mean it could be
third thirty percent chance of working
twenty percent if you were taking a drug
that didn't have much in the way of side
effects and it gave you you know if you
thought wow there's a 20 percent chance
this could save my life you'd still take
it a lot of people would so the the fact
that doctors take it is this is not
telling you the odds too much it just
tells you they're greater than zero oh
that's true in the comments somebody
says no one's complained about the audio
cutting out in a long time yeah that's
true it looks like the reliability of
the audio on periscope has improved
hydroxychloroquine transport ins Inc
passed the cell membrane that sounds
right that sounds like something I read
yeah we haven't heard if Boris Johnson
is taking the drug cocktail do you think
there's any chance that Boris Johnson is
not taking the drug and by the way the
fact that Boris Johnson who was famous
for saying you know go about your
business at least in the early days he
he was sort of well let's just toughen
him and then he got it and he got it so
bad that he's hospitalized I don't know
how you could get reelected after that
deal I mean I don't know much about you
know Great Britain but do you think
Boris Johnson could get reelected after
taking a strong stand against the danger
of something that put him in the
hospital
like a few weeks later that that looks
so ridiculous I just don't know how you
could get reelected after that happens
but hey stranger things have happened
all right that's all I got for now and I
will talk to you tonight 10:00 p.m.
Eastern 7:00 p.m. Pacific see you then