hey everybody come on in it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams and you came to
the right place especially if you have
your coffee
DJ doctor funk juice good to see you
good see the rest of you is it my
imagination or are all of you more
attractive than yesterday I think it's
true Oh smarter wiser more attractive
excuse me
not coronavirus I swear well if you'd
like to enjoy the simultaneous if all
you need is a cup under glass attacker
jealous or Stein the canteen injector
flask vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous if go I can
feel it protecting me from the
coronavirus I believe it did alright
let's talk about the news some of its
fun some of its not Chris Matthews of
MSNBC went on air yesterday apologized
for his past comments about the
appearance of women and then he quit and
they left I guess and so there's a I
don't want I guess I called a rumor but
there's there are people on the internet
shall we say who believe that there are
other MBAs out there multiple MVAs and
you know stuff was going to come out now
I don't know if that's true but I always
have this question when one of these
situations comes up and it goes like
this
how many NDA's would it take for you to
stop your bad behavior so imagine you're
the host of some national TV show
not like this hasn't happened before or
you're a big movie producer and you get
called up by your management and they
say hey we've got this complaint you
work it out and there's an NDA the
company pays some money you settle how
in the world do you do that again how
the world do you do it three times how
in the world do you do it four times
how in the world do you do it five times
you know which is the sort of thing
that's being alleged so I there's
something about the personality type
that just doesn't stop pushing it
apparently so I don't know what that's
about but I feel as though it would only
take me one warning before I said oh I
get it now
I'm doing stuff that's bad you know the
first time I obviously think that the
first time you know a guy like Chris
Matthews or you know could have been
Matt Lauer I always feel like the first
time this sort of thing comes up that
they're actually surprised and they say
something along the lines of oh I was
just kidding around I didn't realize you
were taking it that way I'm so sorry
yeah I had no idea there was having that
effect that's the first time but after
that how many warnings does it take all
right enough that the funniest line from
your funniest president is this one and
I've been laughing about it for two days
he's used it a few times he says
essentially Brett Trump does he says
they'll put Biden in a home and someone
else will be running the country now
there are a million ways to express this
thought that Biden's losing a step
you've heard that one before people say
that is losing a step you know he's
aging maybe he's got some dementia going
on there are a million ways to say the
same thing and out of those million ways
Shrub picked the best one out of him
million he reached in and said oh I
think I'll say this that he's gonna be
put into home and somebody else will be
running the country now remember what I
told you about Trump does visual
persuasion as soon as you say he's gonna
be put in a home don't you see it you'd
see it right you can see the the people
with suits and clipboards and stuff and
their cell phones
you know wheeling have been into the old
folks home and then you can see you
almost it's like a movie
you can almost see the the people behind
the curtain who are running the show you
know through his vice-president who may
or may not be Kamal Aris Kabul Harris so
I I could not be more impressed with
just the way he picks out of a million
ways you could say something he picks
the best one it's visual it's
unforgettable it's a it's a movie in one
sentence because you can you could
almost see the whole movie about the
people behind the curtain and anyway
it's just beautiful President Trump also
suggested God he's having fun it must be
a great time to be Trump right now
because he's sort of be back all of the
the big hoaxes looks like he's a
favorite to win reelection and all he's
doing is dropping bombs on on his
critics and it could not be more amusing
so yesterday he said he suggested that
Amy Klobuchar R&P Buddha judge that they
they may have dropped out to endorse
Biden because they were promised jobs in
his administration and then Trump says
that's called a quid pro quo right quid
pro quo and I have to I have to admit I
don't know if that's illegal do you
because my first instinct is well it's
of course it's legal to promise somebody
a job right and in the world of politics
everything's you do this I'll do that
but is it legal in the context of
politics to get somebody to drop out of
a race and endorse you with the promise
of an administration job I'm looking at
your comments because I actually don't
know somebody says it's not illegal
somebody says it's legal legal yeah I
believe it's legal but it's hilarious
right because even though it's legal we
the public look at it and we we say well
okay it's legal but should it be you
know am I happy that that's legal
because sometimes things are legal just
because you can't prove them or or it
would cause some other problem things
are not always legal because they're
right didn't good and moral sometimes
it's just hard to make things illegal I
think this is one of those cases where
you you wouldn't want you wouldn't want
to know this is happening but I'm B if I
had to guess I'd I'm sure it's it's
completely illegal but I love the fact
that that Trump just dropped that little
troll bomb in there to make you think
about it
I tweeted yesterday a little cryptic
tweak that I'm not sure if everybody
understood the full meeting so let me
unpack it I tweeted that I pray to the
simulation you know just joking that we
see abide in the Harris ticket calmly
Harrison's the vice president in which
Joe in which Joe Biden attracts the
black vote and khamel Harris attracts
the white vote think about it what's
really interesting about Joe Biden he is
kind of the the Bill Clinton thing about
him which is that he's an old white guy
who's very popular with black voters so
Biden actually doesn't need anybody to
help him with the black vote right
there's a there's a fun point coming up
it's not as obvious as you think right
so I think Joe Biden doesn't really need
to pick a vice president to help him
with the black vote so why do I think
that he would pick Connell Harris to
help him with the white vote
and here's the thinking the thinking is
that black voters are more safe let's
say black voters are more flexible and
independent than the white voters and
the Democratic side so this this is my
starting assumption could be wrong could
be wrong but I'm just telling you and
why I'm thinking about this way it seems
to me that we're at a point where black
voters are going to vote for you know
whoever they think they think the
Democrats will do best they'll vote for
them I think a lot of them are gonna
vote for Trump because I think he now is
doing a little better job but the white
democratic voters they're gonna need
somebody on the ticket it's not an old
white guy because I think it's the white
democratic voters who care the most
about having a diverse ticket think
about it I'll bet they care the most and
it would actually make it safe for the
generic white Democrat to vote for a
ticket that at least had a woman and a
person of color on the ticket it just
makes it safe so here's the the weird
simulation reversal that by didn't the
white guy would be really good at
forgetting the black vote calm lares
female a person of color would be really
good at getting the white male Democrat
vote am I wrong about that and people
who said that calm low will not help
with the black vote I don't think it
matters because Biden's Biden's probably
got that so here's the good news what a
what a wonderful time to be alive that
everything you just thought about people
in the world just turned inside out
which is black voters far more flexible
and open-minded then maybe most of you
assume are going to look at Joe Biden
and say I don't care what color is can
he do the job and then they vote for him
apparently
that's what they're thinking because why
would they vote for if they didn't think
he could do the job and at the same time
you've got white voters who were
probably more interested in having a
diverse ticket that even the black
voters who apparently seem to be
comfortable with Joe Biden so honestly
could that be better could it really I
mean seriously could you live in the
better world where the black voters are
supporting the white guy and the white
voters are supporting the person of
color that's it's kind of a perfect
situation honestly it is I don't want
them to win but it would be great if
they could run all right how's my
prediction looking that combo would be
the the chosen as the candidate dad to
actually run against Trump well of
course she's suspended her campaign and
she won't be at the top of the ticket
but what if Joe Biden is the top of the
ticket and picks Kamla don't you think
at least half of the world you know that
the conservative half that half of the
world is going to say more figuratively
than than tactically they're gonna say
that she is the candidate because people
are gonna say that Joe is so weak and
mentally unstable that you're really
voting for the vice president you know
the Republicans are going to say it so
how is my prediction that Camelot
let's say she becomes the vice president
pick for Biden it's gonna look a lot
like she's the top of the ticket and it
will be the greatest prediction I've
ever made you're welcome
of course he could pick Stacey Abrams of
the whole thing goes to hell that could
happen to Michael malleus if you don't
follow Michael Valles on Twitter you
really should because he's one of the
funniest people there and he had a tweet
yesterday I think he said it's a pretty
glaring red bill to realize that as
someone sat down with someone with a
capital S someone sat down with both
hello Bashar and Buddha jegeon told them
to fall in line and I'm thinking well
who is someone well we did hear that
Obama called and kind of talked to
Buddha jej right after Buddha judge
dropped out
I think after so there's speculation you
know Obama is the hand behind the
curtain in these he's he's engineered
this current situation maybe could be
but here's my question and I think it's
everybody's question what sit there for
a listen to the Warren because if
Elizabeth Warren dropped down today and
through all of her well not today it's
Super Tuesday but if she dropped her
race and threw her support behind birdie
what he wouldn't he get over the finish
line where he'd be closed and why would
she do that see here's the mystery part
the Bernie by far has the closest
policies to Warren and in fact Warren
borrowed Bernie's health care plan I
mean it's that close so if you knew you
couldn't win but you really cared about
your policies if you're Elizabeth Warren
how could you morally logically justify
staying in the race and almost
guaranteeing that the policies you care
so much about will not be implemented
because Bernie will lose if she stays in
the race so what's in it for her well of
course the the speculators will say oh
she's getting bribed somehow it could be
that she's holding out for a sweet job
Secretary of State could be what about
Supreme Court I think Supreme Court is
ruled out as somebody somebody responded
to me on Twitter yesterday and I think
that was a good point though she's too
old for to get as many years out of a
Supreme Court justice as you'd like
ideally you want somebody who's seasoned
but young enough to be there for 50
years so she's she's
sort of an age down to that window so I
don't think it's the Supreme Court but
there must be something must be
something she wants we'll find out Joe
Biden in his continuing quest to lose
the election promised being a better
O'Rourke that O'Rourke could be kind of
his his guy to control guns and of
course Beto is famous for wanting to
take away your your assault rifles I
shouldn't call him that but he wants to
take away your your guns and I'm
thinking to myself that doesn't even
feel like trying if you're Joe Biden
isn't the whole point you're trying to
win this thing I thought that's the
whole point of being the moderate is
that a moderate can attract enough
people to win but as soon as he throws
in this better or Rorick thing that
doesn't even look like trying to win
that looks like trying to lose its who
know does he need Texas what's up with
us it doesn't make any sense that you
would do that president Trump's getting
some heat for continually saying that a
corona virus vaccine might be available
quote in a few months but then the
expert goes up you know six seconds
later and says now we won't have a
vaccine that can go through the tests
and the trials for a year to 18 months
and then the president gets up and says
yep we'll have a vaccine available in a
few months and then the experts say well
more like a year to 18 months now
there's the president wrong is the
president lying what's happening so so
what how can you explain that the
president it's been more than once right
he's obviously heard the experts does it
happened right in front of him the other
day so he knows what the experts are
saying there's no mystery there and yet
he says we'll have it in months
how do you explain it well here's my
hypothesis it goes like this because the
coronavirus is an emergency global
situation yes you know we're not calling
it a pandemic yet I guess but it's
certainly a global emergency under a
global emergency the rules and the risk
management are different so we're also
conditioned that you can't have a drug
you know unleashed on the public without
going through all of the rigorous
testing but that's in a non-emergency
situation in an emergency situation and
you already see it happening
you see regulations immediately being
dispensed with because it's an emergency
we saw that with apparently there were
some regulations around what type of
profession could test somebody for
coronavirus and that was limiting the
number of people who could go out and
test normally that would be okay you'd
want your most qualified people to be
doing the tests but it's an emergency
so the first thing the administration
did is say oh that rule is in the way
let's just get rid of it so they just
got rid of the rule and now other people
can can do testing and that'll be good
so we know that in an emergency rules
are dispensed with
now could you imagine that we would ever
dispense with testing a vaccine unless
seems crazy right I'm just on the
surface we're not going to inject 300
million citizens or whatever with a
vaccine that didn't go through testing
are we maybe maybe
and so here's some questions / comments
on that number one suppose another
country let's call it Israel developed
and fast-tracked the approval of a drug
so it was legal in Israel but we knew
that it would never be legal in the
United States unless it went through our
testing system and that could be 18
months can you imagine
can you imagine a situation in which the
president the leadership of the country
says okay I know this is a risk you know
nobody's gonna kid you this is a risk
Israel believes that they have tested it
this is just hypothetical right Israel
believes they've tested it sufficiently
we would test it way more than that but
we don't have time and it's emergency so
we're gonna make this available you
don't have to take it it's optional all
right nobody's going to force you but
here's the deal it's not tested up to
American standards it has been tested to
X other countries standard that's the
modern country and we we trust them they
have real scientists can the president
say it's an emergency
we're just going to allow people to take
this I think he can I think he can so
could it be simultaneously true because
apparently Israel is claiming that they
will have some kind of a vaccine in 90
days so is the president correct when
saying that in a few months we'll have a
vaccine sort of yes sort of yes I think
what we'll have is a vaccine option
meaning that we can take on more risk
than we've perhaps ever taken on but
we'll have the option now you would
never have that option if it were not an
emergency but it's an emergency
so and then here's here's an open
question so my question to you is this
all of our normal flu valeu vaccines go
through a testing process can somebody
tell me how many of those vaccines just
the normal vaccines for regular flu for
years that we test how many of those
vaccines were found in human tests to
cause harm to humans can anybody in the
comments tell me that off the top of
their head what percentage of all of the
vaccines we've tested for flu virus and
again I'm gonna I'm gonna limit it to
flu virus that's the important part just
flu virus those tests how often do we do
a test and we say oh stop the test
people are getting cancer that sort of
thing somebody says 45% but I think
you're wrong I think and again fact
check me please
I think that when a vaccine doesn't work
it's because it's just not stopping the
virus somebody says all of them 100% my
guess is that every that every flu
vaccine we test comes back safe enough
but some of them but some of them
probably are not effective in fact well
the best flu vaccines are sort of like
50 percent effective sometimes so could
it be and I'm just gonna put the
question out there could it be that the
nature of the way scientists do flu
vaccines is that it's always a small
tweak from the last one and the thing
they're tweaking is not the thing that's
dangerous
suppose scientists came to you and said
look we haven't tested this one but
we've tested 25 of these that are just
like it and then of 25 not one of them
heard anybody oh okay well we did have
this one case where people were hurt but
we knew it was because this one element
and we took that out 10 years ago
suppose that's the story here we didn't
test it but it's so close to the things
we have tested we think it's worth the
risk I think that's what's happening I
think the president is simply keeping
the options open and I heard people say
that his usual hyperbole is misplaced
because in a medical situation you
really really need to play it straight I
don't know because the president is
dealing with the psychology of the
country and that's very important and
when the president says we might have a
vaccine in you know a few months I feel
better than when the expert says now
it's 18 months but does the way I feel
it change whether or not it will be
available in a few months or 80 it
doesn't my feelings are disconnected
from the stuff that matters so if the
president is making me feel more
comfortable by giving me a little over
optimistic view of the vaccine but
there's nothing I could do about it
either way I mean you know what can I do
I kind of prefer it I think I'd prefer a
little happy talk as long as they're
doing the right stuff I don't want a
happy talk that leads me to do the wrong
stuff but if it leads me to do the right
stuff
[Applause]
what the hell is up with a one-term
president for the Democrats correct me
if I'm wrong but the Democrats are
intentionally running if you're looking
at birdie or Biden or even Bloomberg are
they not one term presidents by
definition just because of age I'm not
being a just right don't you think that
none of them believed their two-term
presidents now here's the thing that's a
big deal
because if you have a one-term president
that everyone knows is a one-term
president that's that's the real trick
everybody knows it how much work is that
president going to get done in the
fourth year of his one-term presidency
and the answer is nothing because that's
the lame duck year right you could argue
that the whole four years is lame duck
but certainly the last year Congress is
going to say we'll wait for the election
maybe we get a different president get
another result so you lose that one year
and that's 25 percent of the
administration but what about the first
year you saw what happened with Trump
right and I I don't maybe it was the
same with Clinton and Obama and others
it takes about a year to get up to speed
you get you know get new people in there
they're getting up to speed so the first
year is just getting up to speed the
fourth year is lame-duck you're only
getting half a president the others
there's two years in the middle and now
I'm not even sure that that's not a
little bit lame ducky if you know what I
mean
so Democrats are proposing a what a
potential one-term president no matter
who it is the top top three vote getters
right now how do we accept that as way
how do we ignore that to me to me the
math of that is unavoidable yeah whether
it's a Democrat or a Republican if you
can get an eight an eight-year president
then the percentage of set up and down
time is small you know I want the least
amount of time that I have a president
who's ineffective on the job and a
one-term president is just a bad bad
deal all right what else we got going on
here I asked this question on Twitter
and of course it seems troll ish that I
asked but it's actually a real question
which of the remaining top candidates
for a president could survive a corona
virus infection in other words if Mike
Bloomberg Bernie Sanders Joe Biden and
President Trump all got the corona virus
on the same day well would you expect of
the outcomes
well of course my non-scientific poll as
I imagine Bernie got the most votes for
most likely to not survive coronavirus
and that's not funny
so I guess so I was laughing at
something else I I thought of a joke
that's why I left not funny at all but
and the point is anybody who says that's
not a legitimate variable to consider I
don't think they're serious I don't
think they're serious at their ages and
given that this coronavirus does look
like it's going to get at least
everybody who's in public and they're
out there shaking hands and and beating
lots of supporters and stuff like that I
think they're all going to get it or I
think all the Democrats are going to get
coronavirus I do think that President
Trump has a good chance of avoiding it
because the president can be protected
yeah don't you know that there's
somebody who goes in and you know
bleaches off the Oval Office about every
10 minutes don't you know that the
president has probably stopped shaking
hands I don't know or maybe he's got
some Purell in there every time he does
but the point is that the president at
least has the option of you know doing a
far better job of staying away from the
infected public and he'd have a lot of
help doing that that you'd be surrounded
by a cocoon of people trying to keep
them away but not the candidates the
ones who are running for office they
kind of have to get out there and I
think they will I don't think they'll
stay home because of this so I think
they're all going to have the Crone
virus so if you tell me that a 78 year
old candidate for president who has the
corona virus you tell me that doesn't
matter
I'm sorry that matters a lot that's one
of the top variables in this in this
thing so I wonder how long the
traditional mainstream media will not
talk about that because I think it's
just so it's sort of a grotesque topic
to talk about somebody's potential
future health problems yeah we got into
this with Hillary so I don't know if
respectable people will ever even take
this on as a topic but it would be a
disservice to voters because it's a big
variable and when I say it's a big
variable I would say if you're looking
at all the things that would make you
decide to vote for one candidate or
another coronavirus risk is that's a
solid 5% wouldn't you say is that too
high too low I think it's a 5% factor of
who you should vote for president this
time
here's a counterintuitive thought about
coronavirus this comes from Peters times
sent me this thought on LinkedIn so
Peter I'll credit you on this and it
goes like this
so we're doing a whole bunch of stuff to
protect us from the corona virus
almost all this stuff we're doing to
protect ourselves also has this weird
unintentional impact which is that it
makes us safer from other things so you
saw the probably also the satellite
photos of how China's pollution just
dropped practically nothing because
everything's shut down for a while well
that's one factor if pollution is less
fewer people will die from pollution so
there are some people who may have
actually had a better day that day but
that's not the big factors not the
pollution the big factor is just staying
home suppose let's just pick a number
suppose 30 percent of office workers
find a way to work from home that's
probably high but let's just go with
that number let's say thirty percent so
they stop commuting and they just work
from home how much traffic does that
reduce a lot tens and millions and
millions and millions of miles of
traffic how many of that people who
stayed home would have died in a traffic
accident probably quite a few that's
quite a few so you have this and and you
also have people who are washing their
hands more there probably people will
exercise more you better there's a whole
bunch of stuff that people are going to
be doing that could have the weird
unintended effect of protecting them
from unrelated risks so you might
actually have this weird situation where
the corona virus kills X number of
people with the corona virus but
simultaneously protects X number of
people who didn't know that they have
any risk but they would have been in a
car accident that day it's just a food
for thought that we're really bad at
counting counting up this stuff so
yesterday I asked this provocative
question and I thought I'd have an
answer by now and I'll tell you what I
know it's really interesting which is
and I asked this question why does any
virus ever stop before it infects
basically everybody in other words why
would the normal
and you will virus just an ordinary one
why does it stop in the summer and the
reason I asked is because if I knew the
answer to that wouldn't that tell me how
to prevent the corona virus assuming
that you know viruses is a virus is a
virus for the most part and I thought
that was some well-known thing and let
me tell you all of the confident answers
I got that are different so when I tell
you these are confident answers and
they're different what I'm telling you
is that apparently we don't know or let
me say this more clearly I don't know
so the end so I don't believe and and
dr. drew kind of backed me up on this
week we talked offline that there are
studies that suggest different factors
are the reason that a flu dies off but
we don't know can you believe that now I
know some of you are going crazy right
now because you're saying to yourself
Scott we do know we do know and you see
and you see it's coming out in the end
the answers people say Scott we know
it's see humidity humidity because we
know that there's something about the
droplets in the air that suppresses the
the transmission of the virus so we do
know nope no we don't all of you said
humidity is the answer you're wrong
well let me let me not say you're wrong
let me just say science does not agree
with you in other words science is not
confirmed that that's the reason a virus
stops no way you're saying yes it has oh
yes it has we've seen the studies see
the humidity absolutely suppresses the
transmission of viruses you're right
sony says did anyone check the Sun
clever bastard yes I'm going to talk
about the Sun but I understand that joke
so here's what we do know apparently
humidity does suppress the virus but it
doesn't eliminate it doesn't eliminate
it and here's the thing half of the
planet has different different humidity
so if if one place goes from a good
place for a virus to a bad place for a
virus because the humidity changed
seasonally someplace else on the earth
it just went the opposite from a bad
place for a virus to a really good place
for a virus and we're traveling all the
time
there should be no effect whatsoever of
your town suddenly having the right kind
of humidity to suppress the virus
because the people with the virus have
already traveled to the other town where
it's a perfect place for a virus so the
humidity question does answer the
question of maybe why there's less of it
it does not answer the question why it
just stops you did that make sense that
the humidity is absolutely a factor
science agrees but it's not anywhere
near enough of a factor that it would
explain why the virus just stops all
right here's some other suggestions
people have given me that are equally
confident but it doesn't mean they're
right one is that the some people say
the Sun you know the Rays of the Sun
killed the virus to which I say how much
of the virus is spread outdoors I'm no
scientist but I have to think that the
virus is not spreading in the woods if
you take out if do you take a walk in
the park are you going to catch the
virus I don't think so I think it's
using the bathroom and interacting with
your co-workers and being indoors so
even if the Sun the sun's rays we'll
talk about vitamin D in a minute but
even if the sun's rays are killing virus
in my mind that shouldn't make any
difference at all because it's mostly
transmitted indoors other people said
that vitamin D is a big
factor in protecting yourself so if if
it's a sunnier season we're getting more
vitamin D we're in the Sun and it's not
that the virus is different it's just
that we're more immune to it because we
have all that vitamin D do you think
that makes sense
I don't because here's what's missing
wouldn't the CDC be telling us to get
out of the Sun I mean really if that
worked wouldn't the CDC no it wouldn't
the CDC be telling you to do more than
wash your hands
wouldn't they be telling you to get a
humidifier wouldn't they be telling you
to get more Sun take vitamin D would
they be telling you that so I don't
believe that the vitamin D explanation
gets it right
here's another theory that the virus
mutates so whatever it got it into
humans in the first place was some kind
of a mutation that went through animals
presumably and the thought is every time
somebody passes it to someone else it
gets a little bit mutated until
eventually it mutates to the point where
it's not dangerous is that real I have
no idea again let me let me say for if
anybody is tuning in late everything I
mentioned as a reason that virus is any
kind of virus eventually stops infecting
people none of them seem solid there's
also there's something wrong with all of
these explanations and I'm gonna go with
dr. Drew's overall summary which is it's
a little unclear we just don't know why
they stopped we know what can influence
them but we don't know why it stops
that's a whole different question but
here's the most provocative thing I saw
and I want to say as clearly as possible
what I'm gonna say next is unlikely to
be true please hear that because I'm
going to give you a little conspiracy
theory thing that is interesting I think
it's worth putting out there but don't
assume that this is true it sits in the
category of things that if you had to
bet on it if you'd bet against it but
it's interesting it goes like this
apparently and again you'd have to
fact-check me on this this is just maybe
this is true I don't know that the
antivirals are not having much effect on
this corona virus all right so I'm just
going to give you some data points so
why would it be a virus the antivirals
are not working well maybe they're just
not targeted for that virus that makes
sense but here's the part that's
confusing apparently there has been
suggested by otics-rio dan antibiotic
help you with a virus it wouldn't but it
is see where I'm going here all right so
there's some suggestion that it's not a
virus and the specific will say
hypothesis is that it's a form of
tuberculosis and here's the interesting
part and so was the Spanish flu so you
know we keep comparing this to the
Spanish flu because it seems to have
some qualities like that but apparently
there is some scientific question about
whether the Spanish flu was a flu
because apparently there's a form of
tuberculosis that can mimic the flu and
then give you the the lung infections
and here's the other interesting part
apparently and again if you had to bet
you should bet that nothing I'm saying
right now is true I'm just telling you
it's interesting and I'm reading it on
the Internet it's really interesting
there's a weird aspect of this weird
tuberculosis which is that kids don't
tend to get it do kids tend to get the
regular flu they do but kids do not seem
to get coronavirus do you know what else
kids did not get Spanish flu
again I don't know if that's true it's
just something I read today so and then
apparently the tuberculosis can somehow
be paired with a with a virus such that
every time you look for the virus you
would find it because it came paired
with the tuberculosis but it's not the
virus that's actually the problem yet
the problem is the underlying
tuberculosis which in this hypothesis
would not be identified here's another
thing didn't you always think that if
you got the flu you had an immunity and
then you couldn't get it again right
that isn't that the whole point of
vaccination the vaccination is sort of
like the the flu and so it's enough to
give you antibodies and then you can't
get the flu again now nothing's 100% but
we're hearing stuff about the this
corona virus maybe you could get
reinfected like maybe that's a thing not
confirmed yet but there seem to be some
reports that you can get reinfected do
you know what other flu had that quality
because it's different than the flu as
we see every year there was one other
flu that had that quality that you could
get reinfected Spanish flu so Spanish
flu and this corona virus have these
qualities well this was before the
antivirals so this particular one
allegedly responds to antibiotics which
would make it more of a bacteria or some
other tuberculosis II thing kids don't
get it doesn't make sense for a regular
flu you can get reinfected fairly easily
maybe not true but there's some
suggestion to that that would say not a
flu so I would say that the the thing
I'm looking for to find out if this is
completely BS I think it is I think it's
completely BS the thing I'm looking
forward to see if any of the vaccines
work because if somebody comes up with a
vaccine
it works well then it's a it's a flu
it's a virus because you don't make a
virus vaccine that works on a bacteria
so so we'll now but it's an interesting
thought China has a corona virus app I
don't know how it works but apparently
you know it'll tell you what you can and
cannot do it'll tell you whether to
quarantine yourself etc and I was
wondering how long it would take for an
app to pop up because if an app can
let's say identify people you've heard
of the Clearview app right you can take
a picture of somebody's face and it will
tell you who they are well if I could
tell you who they are they can also tell
you where they've been in theory maybe
not today but in theory there will be
enough information about everybody in
China certainly that they'll know where
they've been
they might even know if they've been
near somebody who had it so it's a great
idea I think an app to keep you away
from people who have the virus might be
a great idea Apple is paying a half a
billion dollars to settle a lawsuit for
intentionally slowing down their old
iPhones so you would buy a new one they
did software updates that would make
your iPhone so slow that you'd say I
can't live with this I gotta buy an
upgrade now I remember when that
happened and my iPhone slowed down and I
thought damn it I think this is
intentional and that I was sort of
beating myself up itself up for it
because I would beat myself up and say
no it's not intentional you know
technology just slows down it's got too
much software in there now but it was
intentional the the company that you
respect the most well maybe you don't
but if you think about an apple there's
probably one of the most respected
companies in the whole country
and they intentionally slowed down their
product to make you think it was dying
so you'd buy a doing that's like one of
the worst things that's just horrible
but apparently they got caught doing
that it's amazing you really can't trust
anybody are you following the story
about Elliott management looking to oust
Jack Dorsey from Twitter and install I
guess some of their own board members
and maybe a friendlier CEO or or a CEO
that they prefer now here's what's
interesting about that so Elliott
management is run by this billionaire
named Paul singer you should google him
to find out how biggest story this is
now in my opinion I've called Twitter
the brain of the the planet you know
Facebook is sort of like the heart you
know it's where you see your family and
you know things you you feel emotionally
about that you care about I would say
the Instagram is sort of like your eyes
and maybe your your sex drive it's sort
of about the visual but Twitter is your
brain and you know collectively we've
become this sort of global brain forming
sort of a god-like entity which in my
opinion runs the government so I've said
I've said this before that we used to be
a republic where we you know elect
people and they go off and make laws for
us but today the system is that social
media says what they can and cannot do
and then they respond to it because if
you know if everyone if everyone on
Twitter said no no no don't do this
policy it probably wouldn't happen I
think social media is now you know the
the dog that's wagging the tail so this
is why this is important I would say
that you know Jack Dorsey gets a lot of
heat for people who say he's Lee
aleene's left and therefore there's some
bias and the company I think he's
admitted that the employees lean left
and that you know bias is sort of part
of life so I don't think there's any
secret or dispute that Twitter
a lot of left-leaning employees and
probably has some impact on how they do
business but Paul singer famous for
being a sort of an anti-trump or
republican his job if you think of it
that way
he is interfering with politics it's
actually what he does so the thing that
Paul singer is most famous for is
directly and monetarily interacting with
politicians and the political process to
get a result that he wants how in the
world do you let that guy control the
board at Twitter I mean can you think of
a worst idea for the Republic I can't I
can't because Twitter is sort of the in
a way I think Twitter protects the
Republic because it's the freest speech
in the most in the purest most efficient
sense and I think Twitter drives
politics so if somebody whose intention
is to influence politics somebody says
in the comments some of these says is it
true he hired at fusion GPS I believe
it's been demonstrated that he paid for
it so the guy who paid for the most
famous fake news that's ever been
produced wants to have more control over
Twitter
the primary entity that gives us
information and opinion etc can you
think of a worse idea for the Republic
it's it's hard to imagine what would be
a worse combination anyway well we'll
watch this story who knows if he'll have
any success let me give you an idea
about what bernie is doing wrong selling
his plan
I watched him fall into this trap that a
poor Bernie the I've said this before my
book loser think is about this Bernie is
spectacular at doing his rallies and
getting people to be excited and you
know that so there's there's a part of
Bernie that is just spectacular he's
really talented and he can't take that
away from him
but one thing he doesn't know is
economics and he's terrible at
explaining it which is a problem because
he's primarily proposing economic
changes and if he can't explain him I
don't know how he can be Trump and
here's the problem here's a here's a
trap that Bernie keeps falling into and
can't climb out of his critics keep
taking the cost of his proposals and
multiplying them by ten and he lets them
do it and I mean that literally so when
I was just watching Tucker Carlson
talking about Bernie's plans and using
Bernie's own numbers from Bernie's own
website if you're add up all of his
proposals and then you do it for ten
years that's the multiplied by ten part
it comes to a hundred trillion dollars
now do you want to sign up for something
that costs a hundred trillion dollars
and then doctor does this he compares it
to the GDP so the GDP like one year of
the United States GDP is somewhere in
the 20 trillion dollar range so our
entire GDP is 20 trillion but Bernie
wants to spend a hundred trillion did
you see what I just did there I compared
one year of GDP 20 trillion to ten years
of Bernie's plans and made it a hundred
trillion what I should have compared is
ten trillion per year to our current GDP
which is 20 trillion now you say to
yourself well that's still way too much
we can't take our that we can't take our
budget from 22 or yeah it's still too
much right the the GDP and the budget
are different things but it just seems
like it's too much here's what Bernie
should be doing what he should do is
they say are you gonna raise my taxes to
pay for health care he should say if
you're if you're in the working class
I'm going to give you five times more
savings on health care costs than you
will pay that should be his answer
you're gonna save money because I'll
save you five times more in health care
then you'll pay extra in taxes done that
should be the whole argument right there
and he throws him limits and dollar
amounts and if you're over 29,000 and
this says and he just totally bachas it
people's eyes glaze over just say this
for every dollar you spend in extra
taxes you'll save five healthcare that's
pretty compelling isn't it if you can
afford it I don't know if the plan works
so the first thing Bernie should do is
you should refuse to deal with ten-year
estimates you should say let's let's do
Apple samples one year in one year then
the second thing you should do is
express it in a percentage if he can now
to do that there's one other thing he
has to fix that he never gets right
here's how it goes
right now employers pay gigantic amounts
of money to insure their employees if
Bernie gets his way those employers
suddenly save a hundred million dollars
a year because they don't have to pay
let's just say it's a it's a big company
so they save a hundred million dollars a
year on health care because the
government is gonna pay it all now so
where's that a hundred million dollars
go the 100 billion they were spending
for health care what happens do they
bank it does that company just say yes
profits just went up a hundred billion a
year because we don't have to pay for
health care well they could it would be
completely legal to do that but what
would happen what would actually happen
let me tell you the employees of that
company would say excuse me didn't you
just take away a hundred million dollar
benefit from the employees and the
company would say well it's not us
that's Bernie
talk to Bernie and the employees would
say excuse me excuse me the the company
down the street took all of those
savings and put it into raisins for
their employees because it had been a
benefit so they just changed it to a
different kind of benefit and it was
still the employees employee benefit so
why don't you do that well we're not
that other company that other company is
doing that we're not going to do that
so you leave as long as there's high
high employment like now people can
change jobs so companies would not be
able to bank it and keep it all they've
kind to be forced to share it with the
employees and so what that means is when
they say Bernie's plan cost the 30
trillion dollars extra which again I
think is a ten-year number it's probably
three trillion extra a year
it's really not that because those
employees probably would get that back
from their employer and if they were
paying it themselves they would get it
back directly so Bernie is doing a
terrible job of explaining his plan but
it doesn't look like he's gonna be the
nominee anyway all right I do not make
financial recommendations but I will
tell you because I think I think it's
useful I think is useful I'm thinking
about this as I'm talking I think it's
useful for people to well let's say
concerns when possible so if you're
concerned about the stock market melting
down I will tell you I don't recommend
that you do anything I don't recommend
that you get in or get out or stay no
recommendations from me but I'll tell
you I put all of my cash into the market
Monday morning so most of my money was
already invested but all the cash that I
had that was available I just throw it
in the market and I put it in Amazon and
the reason I put it in Amazon is that
although obviously Amazon's business
would suffer from any kind of global
slowdown what are you going to do if you
don't want to leave home suppose you
don't want to go to the grocery store
because of all that coronavirus what you
going to do my guess is that the that
there will be an enormous amount of
people who either didn't use Amazon
before and are starting because they
want to avoid crowds and people and
shopping
and there'll be people who were using
them who will double their use for the
same reason to avoid going into public
so I don't think there's a cleaner play
than Amazon in the long run and again I
don't care what happens you have this
week or next week or even this year it's
a long run play anyway that's not a
recommendation Amazon is like every
other company if you buy individual
stocks you are a bad investor you should
be diversifying and that is the one and
only advice I will give you diversify so
if you went and bought Amazon because I
just mentioned it you did the opposite
of what I recommend it because I
recommend diversify alright that's all
for now
talk to you later