[Music]
what a day it's going to be what a
[Music]
day there we
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and wow
it's going to be great and uh if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny human smooth brains all
you need is a cuper mug or a glass a
tankered shell ofin a canteen sugar
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the
unparal unparalleled pleasure God I'm
just going full Joe Biden here right in
front of you and join me now for the uh
the um the unparalleled pleasure doing
me here the day Robert Mitchum
go I just stole Dana carvey's joke where
he does an impression of Biden and he he
mumbles off and then he just goes Robert
Mitchum you have to hear him do it Dana
Carvey does it better but there's
something funny about that choice of
random random people Robert bitum
before we
start I have a
confession so this morning as I always
do I get up ungodly early in the morning
but it doesn't matter because I have my
coffee and my coffee will put me in a
great mood and jack up my energy but
this morning there was something wrong
something terribly wrong I thought I
might have to miss the live stream
entirely because I didn't think I could
get through it
my brain wasn't working I I worried I
had dementia I thought oh my God am I
coming down with
something but it turns
out I just accidentally had deaf so
you're you're going to see what happens
after I SI decaf all morning and nothing
was working but just moments ago I said
to myself I wonder if that new pod I
used in the carg I wonder if that was a
decaf so I went downstairs 10 minutes
ago sure enough
decaf
decaf
deaf
con it's like who even makes decaf why
does it even exist and why don't they
make the label on it much much bigger so
I have some di coffee no it's just
eaf so I'm a little bit slow this
morning and you're definitely going to
notice
first story Rumble um as you know it's
the alternative YouTube I guess you
could call it that they have trouble
getting advertisers so their workaround
is they're going to release Brands so
instead of depending on outside
advertisers Rumble will just advertise
their own stuff now that's a great idea
who would ever think of doing a live
stream and then instead of using outside
advertisers advertise their own stuff
I don't know if you've seen my book
God's debris the complete work but it's
available now people love it look at the
reviews best thing they've ever seen in
their life and if you've if you don't
have a summer book oh that'll blow your
mind you'll love it go get
it there's a brick laying robot now the
HRI it's the Hadrian so there's this big
truck that looks like a dumb truck and
it's got this big robot arm and it just
picks up bricks not small bricks it's
like big ones and uh can build the shell
of your house like in no time at all and
I thought to myself uh they even call it
walls walls as a service so if you're a
builder you can just call them and say I
need some walls and the truck comes up
and makes all your
walls now I think this is one step
closer to Trump's idea of building
cities from scrp on Federal
Land all these Technologies for Rapid
building um I think they're all going to
get put together pretty quickly so
there's going to be a new City building
boom like you've never seen I think it's
going to be gigantic Peter Navaro is
going to get out of prison just in time
for the U Republican convention and
reportedly uh I saw Jack pabic was
talking about it he's uh he's going to
fly directly from prison to the uh
convention do you think he should change
his clothes or should he show up in his
prison uh clothes I think they give you
back your regular clothes when you leave
prison but it' be more dramatic if he
just showed up in his prison cloth I
don't think he'll do that but Peter
Navaro will be back pretty
soon in big news uh Elon Musk reportedly
donated some substantial amount of money
to a trump super
pack now that's a gutsy thing to do it's
one thing for Elon Musk to say what he
says but we don't know the amount yet we
assume it's a big one but he put his
money where his mouth is and as nval
ravikant noted on X it's only a matter
of time before they commenced lawfare
against Elon be ready to which I said I
thought that had been going on for a
while it's going to get
worse but I think the lawfare against
Elon has mostly been company stuff I
think the real warning is they'll go
after him
personally and with all of his vast
operations you don't think you can find
somebody to make a false accusation oh
I'm sure you
can you think nobody's ever made a false
accusation about Elon Musk of course
they have
here one of the things that ordinary not
ordinary uh non-public figures don't
know public figures are
routinely accused of terrible crimes
that they did not commit now if you're
not a public figure you would think that
can't that can't be true it can't be a
routine thing that you're accused of
crimes it's a routine thing it's been
happening for decades to me yeah people
yeah I always tell the famous story
there's a one of my many
abusers uh I've never met somebody who
lives in Canada has some mental problems
and we'll call everybody I work with
occasionally to tell them that I drive
to Canada and and uh do terrible sex
crimes and steal from her
computer now if you take that phone call
you don't know the difference you might
think it's somebody I actually know or
had some relationship with never better
never matter I have no idea who just
just somebody in Canada and this is
normal if you don't understand that that
is normal I've
had two or
three three I think three people show up
in my house uh with their bags packed to
move in because they believed they were
in a relationship with me and it had
been going on for some
time yeah until you see that like
somebody knocks the door and says do you
know who I am and I go
no um I'm here to move in what yeah I'm
I'm here you my name is whatever I'm
here to move in we've never talked yeah
we have we've been we've been we we
we're in a
relationship no we're
not so that's the sort of conversation
public figures have fairly regularly now
one of the things is that if you're a
public figure people have dreams about
you have any of you ever had a dream
that featured
me I'm just kind of curious about that
have any of you if you watch me every
day it's it would be pretty normal how
many of you have ever had a dream that
involved
me in the comments I just want to
see there's a little bit of a delay but
probably so it would be it would be
normal if you'd had a dream about Trump
for example how many of you had had a
you know so the yeses are coming through
how many of you have ever had a dream
about
Trump probably several probably a bunch
of you the trouble is that there's some
number of people who can't distinguish
dreams from
reality and they can't distinguish they
can't distinguish fake memories from
real ones that's where you get the real
trouble because there are people who
make claims that would pass a light
detector because they actually think
it's true they can't
tell all right so they'll be coming
after Elon Musk and it's going to be
hard and I have I have immense respect
for Elon putting himself at personal
risk you know it's one thing when he
puts his money at risk because he has
extra money but this is this is his body
he's putting his body and his freedom
and his reputation at risk for what I
think he thinks and I agree is the
benefit of the country so could not have
more respect for that meanwhile over in
France there's a news network uh C news
they're being fined because they let a
guest express some skepticism about
climate change and nobody on the network
corrected them and then they just went
to the next story so they're going to be
fined because somebody was skeptical
about climate
change just think about
that just think about that find for
expressing skepticism about climate
change
now that's pretty bad now uh speaking of
which did you know that uh over at the
EU they've got this big group whose job
it is
to uh clamp down on disinformation they
call it but you and I would call it
information they don't like which is
what it is it's a giant censorship
regime and apparently they got the
social networks except for X to agree to
allow them to sensor
them So Meta and the other ones they
must have agreed to sub censorship but
um here's the deal that they tried to
make with
X um they offered a an illegal secret
deal that if x would quietly censor
speech without telling anybody they
wouldn't find them
in other words there were so the the
people who were doing
this so there's this guy EC commissioner
Theory Bretton or something
uh he said that uh the reason the reason
they're going after
X is because they say they used to have
this blue check mark system back in
Twitter days and the blue check mark
would say that you're credible
but now they don't have a system to say
who's credible because the blue check
marks are just for
sale can you believe that this idiot
ever thought that the blue check marks
in the old days conferred
credibility
what Rob rer had a blue check mark I had
a blue check
mark I'm not sure you should be
listening to me about everything you
know so how could you be so clu list
about the thing that your main your main
thing this is his main thing censoring
these big platforms and he didn't know
he didn't know that the blue check marks
did not signify or even really try they
were just signifying that you were who
you said you were that's it that's all
they signified they signified you're
right about
anything
wow so so the European Union's going
after musk mus I think he's going to
file some kind of legal action against
him but the fight has
begun and uh they want to find him 6% of
the company's annual revenue for
refusing to be censored in
Europe
unbelievable and yet
true uh well there's something about
today's news that is um
different I don't know if anybody
noticed it but most of the news is too
complicated to talk about like I'm
trying to talk about this European Union
thing but there's a legal action and
there's a background story all the news
is like that today here's another one
Alec Baldwin case was dismissed with
extreme prejudice now the the basic idea
is that the prosecutors are allegedly um
hid some information or they were not
forthcoming in some way and
uh it was so bad that the judge said I'm
not going to have this case I'm going to
dismiss it and I don't know the next
part this is this is where everything's
legal and crazy if you dismiss a case
with extreme prejudice over the way it
was done not not over whether somebody's
guilty or Innocent but it was over the
way it was
done does that mean you does that
satisfy the double jeopardy thing does
that mean can't be ever tried
again doesn't seem like that would be
the
case so this is one of several stories
today which I'm going to look at you and
say you know what you should probably
talk to a
lawyer because every one of these
stories would be like a whole research
project to figure out what's true and
what isn't so I don't know the answer to
whether this has anything to do with
double jeopardy so we'll have to wait
for that but I have to
say um I
can't I just can't hate Alec bwin over
this you can hate what happened of
course um certainly the person who
loaded the gun with the real rounds has
some responsibility I think that's clear
but um and you know I certainly
understand the argument that if you have
a gun in your hand and it's a real gun
even if you've got blanks in it you
don't point it at somebody I get that
but still it was an accident it was an
accident and I just don't feel the same
about accidents as I feel about other
stuff so I can go either way on this but
uh it just doesn't seem like throwing
away another life is
Justice well here's an interesting
another interesting complicated thing um
so Mike Ley
based to Mike Ley is introducing this
plans that uh he's trying to get
Congress to not pass a spending bill
which they would have to do in September
unless they include the save act which
means that you'd have to be a citizen in
order to
vote now do you think the Republicans
have enough grit to keep the government
closed until the government is willing
to
say it's going to be okay to uh prevent
non-citizens from
voting well it could be quite a fight
and it really has to do with how long
you're willing to keep things closed and
who's going to get
blamed I think the Republicans would get
blamed but on the other hand how else
you going to get it done so I do think
that um if they make this a bigger deal
what percentage of the voting public do
you think knows about the save act how
many know that there's a massive
suspicion I'll say a suspicion that the
um the migrants will be voting illegally
or at least their ballots will be Flo
around I would say that the voting
public probably doesn't know much about
this so if they succeed in shutting down
the government that becomes a big story
you know every headline will say well
they shut down the government because
they want to make sure that illegal not
illegal but let's say migrants who are
not citizens can't
vote I feel like this is probably a good
play because even though Republicans
will be blamed for closing the
government it will raise that topic so
that the 80% of people who don't pay
attention at all will say wait a minute
what because I think that's I think
that's how the public
would typically respond I think maybe
20% would say yeah let him let him vote
and 80% would say are you kidding me I
didn't realize that was even an option
seriously you think they're going to
vote and the answer is yes seriously we
think they're going to
vote if not now sometime
soon well Bill M had his show and he
gets a lot of posts and comments and
quotes after the show and uh he predicts
Biden will be replaced so he says it's a
matter of who not if I disagree I do not
think it's inevitable that he'll be
replaced I do think the amount of
pressure that the Democrats are going to
put on him will be
huge and they definitely want to replace
him but he still said he still has to
say yes and I don't think they're going
to 25th ad mending
them it just because of time and you
know all the problems that would cause
so I think I saw this on some Alex Jones
clip as well but I think it's true Biden
knows where all of the bodies are
buried Biden knows every illegal act
that everybody who's trying to get him
to change his mind has done I think that
Biden doesn't have any reason to leave
if he doesn't want to and it looks like
he doesn't want to I think his black
mail potential is through the roof which
opens up another
possibility that the Democrats will kill
them kill
him I think that's a genuine possibility
I I think they're I think both
candidates um are in Mortal Danger from
Democrats because Democrats know they
need to get rid of Biden one way or the
other and probably wouldn't care if they
had to kill
him and
they also know they don't want Trump so
they're looking at Trump's potential VP
we'll talk about in a little bit so I
think Biden has some risk of being
assassinated by his own side because
it's the only way they can get past
Trump it's
possible let me say that the odds of
Biden passing away
before the end of August it's probably a
solid 20% at this point it's not a it's
not likely but I'll bet it's at least
20% chance and when I say pass away I
mean with help it may not be
obvious all right ruer Murdoch is
reported to strongly strongly prefer
beram as the vice president the argument
allegedly I'm not sure you can be sure
about this report but allegedly rer
Murdoch um wants somebody who would be a
check on Trump and in other words
somebody would be more like a normal
Republican so after Trump is done some
more normal stuff would return and then
Fox News could go back to just being
pro- Republican without being pro Trump
which is a problem so probably good for
business if bergam becomes the boring
vice
president
however if bergham is the boring vice
president then Trump has no no
assassination
insurance and rer Murdoch apparently
likes beram as much as he dislikes JD
Vance because JD Vance he thinks would
just become Trump Jr so to
speak by the way uh don Jr seems to be
signaling a preference for Vance in some
of his online stuff so we'll see if
that's actually telling us anything I
think that Trump might pick none of the
above
I think that you're going to find out
that uh there going to be a surprise so
my two counter predictions are the VP
pick will be none of the ones we're
talking
about
and um and that uh Biden will not step
down he'll actually be the
candidate and that they'll just say well
it's really come along um John Stewart
was talking to bikari sellers on an
online thing
and uh at least John
Stewart is staying true to his brand
which is trying to be just reasonable
now he's you know very pro Democrat
policies but he's trying not to be crazy
you there is a way to be non
crazy and he said this Joe Joe Biden has
run on this idea of honesty and decency
but they have not been honest about the
condition and the difficulties he's been
facing it undercuts one of the
foundational
arguments that's
right what why is John Stewart the first
one to point that out see I feel like he
took the the honesty to the level that
nobody else was willing to take it the
hon the honest thing is wait a minute
he's not just
degraded but he's been lying to you and
he's the guy who says that he's the
anti-
liar he ran on the fine people hoax he's
the biggest liar we've ever seen if you
take you know the the degree of the
lying um you know Trump obviously has
more numbers more numbers of
exaggerations and lies but they're all
salesman lies they're they're little
stuff nobody cares
about all right so um there's David
daxel Rod posted that uh is the DNC
still planning an early virtual will
vote of the delegates weeks before the
convention to officially designate the
nominees um he says something about Ohio
blah blah blah and why does David aarod
have to communicate with the DNC by
posting things on X he's one of the most
famous strategists and insiders and
apparently he doesn't even have a
connection to the DNC now he's got to
post like we do and hope that they read
it this poor guy
he he he must be so mad that he's got to
know that it's because he's an old white
guy that he can't get attention anymore
in the Democrat Party so he's still the
smartest guy strategy-wise and he just
can't even get anybody's attention it
it's amazing to watch watching him try
to navigate
that well America First legal has
another
Victory um apparently that Bren and
Clapper Intel committee that was put
together under the Department of
Homeland Security which was supposed to
I don't know it's be some kind of
disinformation thing which of course
would be a not what they say so
apparently it was just a whole BS deep
State thing and it's being disbanded
because they got caught but anytime you
see Brennan and Clapper on the same same
job you want to disband that as quickly
as
possible they have the longest history
of not being honest in public they're
they're uh probably the least
trustworthy people in the
entire America at this
point anyway they were a partisan group
and they were supposed to uh give cover
for the radical agenda under mayorcas so
basically they were trying to make the
homeland security stuff and the open
immigration stuff make sense but it
doesn't make sense
so it would have been basically a way to
cover up the bad things that are
happening but that got
disbanded
um here's the best salesman for Biden so
bikari sellers has been going on a bunch
of shows and saying that Biden's the man
and Biden should stay in and his
argument with John Stewart on that same
broadcast I was talking about is that we
keep forgetting all the good things that
Biden did
now what's the what's the obvious reply
to why aren't you paying attention to
the great things he did now if you're a
republican you say what great things
it's just stuff that would have happened
on its own and what uh infrastructure
bill that we haven't seen any results
from what exactly did he do that's what
a Republicans say but even if you're a
Democrat and you think he did good
things you should say what John sewers
said to him which
is the election is not about the
past he's not old he's got
dementia and if you think that the fact
he used to not have dementia is a good
argument for why you should elect a guy
with
dementia that's just badshit crazy and
that's the best argument for Biden is
that he used to not have
dementia I'm not that that's actually an
accurate statement of the best case for
him according to bukari sers he used to
not have dementia so he got stuff
done I mean that's really happening
that's an actual thing that's
happening did I talk yesterday about how
there's new documentary that says
Lincoln was gay gabram
Lincoln now I don't know if gay is the
right word but there's certainly plenty
of historical evidence that he used to
sleep with a man for years um and
routinely and he seemed to be very
affectionate with that man and
apparently that was more normal back
then it wasn't unusual for men to sleep
in the same bed and be very close so to
speak so I don't have an opinion about
you know Lincoln being gay or bisexual
or whatever he was uh that seems wholly
irrelevant and by the way I thought I
knew that for 20 years is anybody
surprised by that I thought we all knew
that is anybody surprised that Lincoln
slept with the man for
years now they say slept we don't know
what else he did just slept but we
assume yeah now it seems wholly
irrelevant
but it uh reminded me of this
apparently um over in England there's a
movement to teach the history of England
more like Nazi
Germany and I think what that means is
to instead of saying England was always
good Nazi Germany terrible that maybe
they should say well we did a little
colonizing too if uh the truth be told
England did a little bit of colonizing
and maybe that should be included in the
curriculum
now uh even though that seems like
moving toward a more accurate
history in other words I think it's more
accurate that Lincoln slept with a man
than to pretend he
didn't it's just accurate I think it's
also accurate to say no country is good
they're all bad the the countries are
all basically pirate ships they try to
convince the Pirates we're the good
Pirates now was anybody as bad as Hitler
well well not in that period but
historically you know Jenis Khan was
pretty bad
too Stalin was pretty bad lots of bad
people we we weren't too good to the
Native Americans so every country's got
something to explain and even if we're
moving more toward something more
accurate about history it feels like
what's driving it is
wokeness it doesn't seem like it's being
driven by a desire to have more accurate
history it looks like it's a narrative
to weaken the
country the weird thing about fake
history and fake
patriotism and brainwashing children to
be Patriots and stuff is that it's icky
because it's brainwashing but it's also
kind of necessary to keep the country
together so you can have both views you
can say countries brainwash their
citizens true all of them also
true uh that if they didn't brainwash
him you wouldn't have as good a country
so it's a it's a tough world you have to
pick James Carville is uh warning that
uh Democrats keep Biden in the race it's
exactly what Donald Trump wants us to
do that's probably true but he's an old
white guy so I don't see the Democrats
paying attention to
him uh meta the Facebook parent company
uh finally removed all its bans and
censorship on Trump ahead of the
election do you think that'll make a
difference I don't think Trump's going
back is he so I feel like it's too
little too late and isn't it amazing
that the argument that people made for
why Trump won the first time is that he
controlled the media and social media
like he was just too good at getting all
the attention
so they took all the attention away from
him the the major media won't touch him
so they don't even have him on and then
social media banned
him and he went off and created his own
thing which never got big you know truth
social never became big and
still because people repost his true
socials it's like he never left so
somehow all of their efforts to shut him
up didn't make any difference all so
that also means that maybe what they
thought was why he won might have been
wrong cuz the thinking is it's not so
much that his ideas were good and people
liked it it was because he was just so
good with the media that's why he won
well they took all of the media away
from him and he's on the verge of
winning
again so was it the media or could it be
that people want the Border closed maybe
he has better policies could it be they
don't want a war in Ukraine could it be
yeah I don't think it's all about the
attention a lot of it is about they just
prefer him just flat
out let's talk about fake polls and
other polls over at CNN which I'm not
saying is a fake poll I'll talk about
the fake ones in a moment uh CNN's Harry
enton says that even some of the blue
States like New York Virginia Minnesota
and New Hampshire could be in play for
uh Trump
meaning that states that you would never
think Trump would have a chance in
because they always go Blue um they're
closer to a toss up now I don't think
New York is close enough to be a toss up
but the the Gap is you know shifted
majorly so I wouldn't say Trump's
necessarily going to win a whole bunch
of blue States but the fact that it's
even in the conversation is just
mind-blowing um meanwhile
the Georgia state election board
scheduled an emergency meeting because
apparently the uh people in charge
decided uh who is going to be the
monitors and they came up with some
monitors that the public doesn't
trust
so it's already looking like Georgia
state election is going to be a little
sketchy unless they change the monitor
situation what would be the point of
having monitors if both sides don't
agree they're good
monitors so apparently Georgia wants to
have
monitors that are not satisfactory to
the people that are the beneficiaries of
the monitoring it seems like the most
basic thing you do is pick people that
everybody agrees on it's like oh you got
some of yours we got some of ours we
don't like your people you don't like
our people but they're both
watching how hard would it
be how hard would it be to have honest
monitors that busid agrees with you
can't get that done isn't that a
gigantic signal of an intention to cheat
if you can't get the monitor situation
right now maybe the argument is well if
you get the wrong monitors it's
chaos
so give me the chaos I'll take the chaos
I just want the right monitors a little
chaos is a small price to play pay for
that all right my allies killed me today
anyway we'll keep an eye on that so
here's a question that I asked and I I
saw from the amuse account on X that uh
if you use the RW you get
demonetized uh the RW is rigged
now do you think that's true do you
think that on X you would get
demonetized if you I think just for the
comments not the not your entire account
but that's doesn't seem right because I
can't believe that would be
intentional
um but here are the things we we know
are rigged let's see if you agree with
this list so these are the systems in
America we know not to be
legit polling so now we have polls that
say there's no way that Biden can win
but also polls to say he's
winning so what are what are polls if
you can have polls about this question
that are
opposites you know some of them are
rigged don't
you so I would say that even if some
polls are accurate and some are not you
could say that the public doesn't know
because we don't know which ones are
accurate therefore polling is
rigged would you
agree if you can't tell which ones are
rigged and which ones are not then the
fur have found a way to make all of the
good ones look sketchy because it
introduces introduces doubt so I don't
think polling is legit how about the
news business we don't need to talk
about that obviously the news business
is corrupt obviously they were hiding
from you that uh you know stuff about
the laptop and Russia collusion and the
fine people hoax and and Biden's brain
yeah nobody trusts the media how about
the uh primary
well the Republican primary went really
well the Democrat primary apparently
they're trying to rig it themselves
right now by first of all they rigged it
to say that only you know only Biden
could win and then they're trying to get
rid of them and maybe rig it again so
they're they're trying to unri their own
rigging with some more rigging so that's
a pretty rigged system and then beyond
that with the weird exception of Trump
would you agree that maybe the people
who even get taken seriously as
candidates are all selected by the
elites it doesn't really feel like the
public gets to decide who the candidates
are so that system doesn't look too
reliable what about college is college
totally legit no it's way overpriced
ridiculously and their admissions policy
are racist totally rigged admissions
policy how about uh corporations do they
hire based on Merit no they say they do
but they're totally rigged in favor of
diversity and uh Dei how about the
justice system not even close I just
told you about the Alec Baldwin case
you've seen all the lawfare against
Trump you've seen all the January Sixers
jailed for no we don't really
have a justice system you could trust do
I have to talk about the financial
system is there anybody who needs an
argument that the financial system is
rigged it's rigged from top to bottom
every part of it of course it is you
know in different ways in different
different ways but uh totally rigged how
about uh how about the experts in every
field let's say the medical experts how
about the
pandemic that looked pretty rigged
didn't it whatever was going on there
didn't look like you know people doing
their
best how about uh the Biden
Administration we don't even know who
the real president
is the the the current government of the
United States is just complete
at the moment whatever he thought it was
it's not how about
uh how about
corporations um I would I refer you to
the Dilbert
cartoon to see if corporations have you
best interest in mind and always tell
the truth no corporations are
professional liars and they're trying to
get monopolies if they can and they're
lying about everything and they're
paying the government and it's a rig
system how about uh
history is history accurate No we know
history is not accurate because the
winners write the history and now it's
being Rewritten by the the woke people
no history is a narrative it's just a
story how about uh climate
change how about climate change is that
rigged well you saw that a
skeptic uh simply said a different idea
and in France that's going to cause the
whole network to be in trouble just
because somebody expressed an alternate
opinion and yet there are new studies
that say the heat Islands cause 40% of
the warming and the Sun causes the rest
that would suggest that it's not a
coincidence that we don't see any of
elor's prediction is coming true looks
like a looks like it's all a
scam but thank God our elections are
clean
huh the the the most compelling argument
for the elections is not that you saw
some specific story about some specific
thing that happened there are two things
you need to know our elections can't be
fully
audited that I would consider that a
fact and
that's all you need to
know we have the ability to make them
fully auditable and fully
monitored we know how to do that it's
easy you do it with paper you have both
sides watching everything that's all so
the fact that we don't do it and every
other system every other system is
corrupt and
yet we haven't made our own elections
auditable in the contact of every other
system being corrupt and the public is
told this is the one exception where all
50 plus entities that run
elections they all did it
right it's the only thing that isn't
rigged is so unbelievably
ridiculously laughably
childishly
untrue of course is
rigged there there's no way that this
world could
produce this little uh this little Rose
growing through the concrete no we don't
live in a world where where you can
measure the temperature or accurately
count the votes we're just not in that
world and to imagine that that childish
like
imagination of a
world you got to wake up from that in
the real world everything that can be
rigged is rigged and always will be CU
people
it's just how people
are oh yeah the uh project 2025 hoax
speaking of hoaxes the project 2025 hoax
I'm got to call it a hoax because
Biden's saying it's Trump's plan but
it's people wish it was his plan but
it's
not
and there there's been a little push
back to turn that into a meme of all the
funny things that people say are in
Project
25 uh if you haven't seen some of them
they're hilarious yeah like a full
service on
airplanes that sort of thing all
right what else uh over in Poland I
guess the parliament in Po in in Poland
man that decaf is just kicking my ass
today um they voted
overwhelmingly to allow border guards
and soldiers and police officers to use
live am amunition to stop migrants from
streaming across the border so in Poland
if you try to get into the country
illegally they can shoot you now with
live
ammo
and I feel all the countries are in you
know emergency mode but it might be too
late uh under project 2025 you'll no
longer be allowed to turn right on
red all right they're pretty funny
[Music]
uh it's National Rock day
today all
right don't forget the cold
yeah buy that a
c all right ladies and gentlemen um I
don't know if you saw the latest videos
from Biden but he's upright he's walking
I think he's going to be the candidate
and I think the vice president pick for
Trump is going to be not one of the top
five it'll be somebody that surprises
you maybe a lot might surprise you a lot
but we'll see um it it's kind of a tough
balance because if if Trump picks a
normal
person then it might help him get
elected but if he picks somebody who's
you know more Trump than trump it might
work against them because he's already
got his base well let me put it this
way the vice president gives people a
reason to vote against you but never
with you because people don't really
vote for the vice president but you
could imagine picking one so bad that
they would have extra
ammunition
so he probably only wants to pick
somebody who doesn't give anybody extra
ammunition beyond that I don't know
maybe it doesn't matter
yep President Biden has a has a lot of
vigor they say lots of vigor some some
call it Vigor
mortise that's not mine I stole
that all
right they can only take pictures and
leave
Footprints well here's what I think I
think Democrats are trying to take your
stuff and give give it to other people
and that's the entire Democrat Party
they want to take your stuff and give it
to people who are not citizens they want
to take your stuff that you work for and
give it to people who don't have you
know the hard work ethic that you do for
example um so it's really about just
taking your stuff and giving it to other
people and Republicans want to keep
their stuff everything else is
 everything else is
 Republicans just don't want the
government to take their stuff and
Democrats only want the government to
take your stuff so that's that's the
bottom line all right I'm not going to
keep you because the news is all boring
and Technical and it's all stuff about
legal things that are too hard for me to
do without enough caffeine in me but I'm
going to fix that caffeine problem real
soon and um I'm going to say bye to
everybody here except for locals I'm
going to talk to you privately the
subscribers on locals thanks for joining
sorry the show is terrible I'll have
more caffeine in me next
time won't make that mistake again or
will
I
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e