Oh boom
hey everybody come on in here we've got
a very special coffee with Scott Adams
soon as you get in the air will queue it
up you're looking over my shoulder and
you are probably seeing my special guest
I'm going to introduce the moment we
have our sip just before it all right we
got enough people so today we're talking
to dr. Shiva ayyadurai
who's independent candidate for US
Senate in Massachusetts running against
here's the fun part
running against Elizabeth Warren what
better guest and what better day
couldn't get any better than this and
we're going to talk about that a few
other topics like Saudi Arabia and DNA
and polls and stuff like that all right
but before we do that I would like to oh
let me ask dr. Shiva to join me in the
simultaneous up with the rest of you
grab your chalice your mugs your glasses
your containers put something in there
like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous sip all right dr. Shiva
tell us what you think about Elizabeth
Warren's DNA test tell it you know oh
and I should mention to the people who
are not familiar with you that you have
several advanced degrees that are
relevant to this question yeah you've
got a medical degree a let's say I had a
little list here of your any degrees
here you've got you've got an MIT BS MSM
engineer PhD you've you've you've got
credentials and systems biology computer
science scientific visualization
traditional medicine and that should get
us covered for this DNA and other
discussions don't tell me what you
thought it the whole DNA thing with
Elizabeth Warren huh what was your take
on this well you know the Boston Globe
called me you know who's completely in
bed
Elizabeth weren't trying to resuscitate
her image and they asked me for a quote
I said well that the results showed that
she's a bigger fake Indian than we ever
thought
she's 99.99% white that's what the
results show and if you look at any
percentage Scot that she has any Native
American genes you know let's say here
in the America is not paying South
America Colombia Peruvian etc it turns
out if you add the error in that into
that which is you know a lot of this is
based on statistics which we'll talk
when we get to polls
you basically have probably she's close
to 100 percent you know ninety-nine
point nine nine if you do the
significant figures to two significant
figures so I thought it was fascinating
was but would it be fair to say that if
you might you might have a trace amount
that definitely yeah from a statistic
standpoint she may have a few base pairs
you know it's like if you think about
the genome as a huge document with
billions of characters there may be a
few characters in there which have
Native American origin yeah I have to
ask you a weird question I saw him on
news and I forget what the context was
but isn't there something to the fact
that women carry around some of the some
component of DNA from their sex partners
from the past is that a thing or is it
not the DNA that they're carrying around
at some component of that have you ever
heard of that yeah something they picked
up permanently from their partner or at
least permanently it becomes detectable
in that is that a thing yes interesting
so in 2003 Scott when the genome project
ended we found that some very
fascinating things about DNA it was
initially thought it was a uni
directional process right you have your
DNA and it's it's essentially cemented
it cemented which means nothing changes
what 2003 show
was when we found out we have about the
same number of genes that DNA itself is
malleable you can add things into DNA
for example from what you're saying from
it coming from sex partners you can
actually get it from viruses in fact the
environment can turn on and turn off
genes so insertions into the genome can
take place but you can also have certain
genes be accessible and not accessible
so the genome is far more malleable so
but would there ever be a case where
somebody did was something from a
partner all right I just wondered about
that and so does this seem like to you
like the worst political mistake that
you can remember for her to do this to
do this video about her DNA and I
thought what went wrong is that you know
although you could argue that you both
you well she's called an academic
usually right that's one of the things
people talk about her now people could
say that about you except you seem to be
a completely different personality more
practical but I think she branded
herself as sort of an ineffective
academic through this exercises
[Music]
fundamental difference or a lawyer or
lobbyist the problem with pure science
and pure lawyers they are paid to
manipulate data think about right a
lawyer can
his job is to convince the jury that no
matter if the data is against his client
somehow that everything is okay so
they're about taking the 0.001% and
trying to convince people that you're a
Native American in science you can get
to gather a bunch of data plot it and
then you're fitting a line to occur that
can be manipulated in engineering the
fundamental difference is we can't
manipulate this if you build a piece of
software or you build an airplane and it
falls out of the sky it's pretty clear
whether you're not only the real Indian
can defeat the fake Indian 4x8 signs all
over Massachusetts this is on a highway
here you can see there Scott this is
this is on people's homes and this is
this incredible work by our volunteers
which has been happening for about a
year is what forced the Boston Globe to
write this you know treatise saying
Elizabeth Warren did not get into
Harvard because of her Native American
heritage it's complete nonsense again
the globe is the one who did this
because they're in a very close
relationship with Warren and when that
failed Warren was forced to take this
DNA test and I believe she probably took
this DNA test Scott the one we sent her
it likely failed and so then she went
hunting for this guy Carlos Bustamante
who then threw in Colombian Peruvian
other genes essentially gene sniffs it's
like you're doing a google search
instead of using cat you try to use dog
and you try to find something that's
afford like a creature in there and
that's it that's essentially what just
took place so Elizabeth Warren even
doing this a mistake she made Scott
which was a significant mistake was out
of the desperation of the fact that the
real in
fake Indian meme has gone out into the
broad mass of people in Massachusetts
that's what compelled her to make and
the globe to make these mistakes
well hilarious but I understand you're
also being prevented from debating
because of the way they calculate who's
who's you know who can't debate and who
can't can you can you make that in its
simplest form like why what math did
they do that kept you off the debate
stage and and how did they do it right
or wrong yeah so the first Matt Scott
before the polls even even the simpler
math is this there are only three
candidates who got on the ballot and
only two are allowed from the debate
stage in 2014 five candidates in the
governor's race were allowed on the
debate stage three independence and a
Democrat and a Republican all of them
only have to get 10,000 signatures we
fulfilled that in fact we got 20,000
signatures so just on that math alone on
fairness you know I think the debate
stage can handle two you know two people
or three people now what debate people
can do by the way these are federal and
state laws which have been put into
place that people like you and I can run
and follow the rules well we followed
all the rules but then they start
introducing this thing called polls and
in the polls Scott they can introduce
criteria that you must achieve in a poll
this level of head-to-head comparison to
be on the debate stage so after we filed
the lawsuit for am of the day the judge
decided to hear us they said she even
must get 10 percent or more in the
head-to-head head-to-head comparison and
the umass pole which is university of
massachusetts who were suing they said
i'm at nine percent all right so that's
what it is that now let's talk about how
they count okay so when they got the 90
percent they pulled everybody not just
likely voters right no so the UMass poll
included two groups they did one poll
among likely voters and one poll among
all
mr. coders so we were at 9% among the
registered voters all registered voters
and 8% among likely voters okay okay so
to just put it simply let me tell you
what we discovered you know it took an
MIT PhD and an MIT professor to figure
this out is that for
I think forever they've been making a
fundamental error purposely in polls
which favors really incumbents and the
existing two-party system and let me
explain it this way remember the hot dog
example I gave you Scott maybe that
helps okay so let's say I got a pool of
a hundred people that I'm gonna pull and
let's say and I put this by the way on
my Twitter and people are ask people for
the answer let's say you got a hundred
people that you're gonna pull to find
out who likes a samosa which is an
Indian treat or a hot dog all right in
the head-to-head but among those hundred
people only fifty people have ever
tasted a samosa
but all 100 people have tasted the
hamburger okay hamburger and samosa now
you do the head-to-head and you ask
people do you like a samosa or do you
like the hamburger 50 people say they
love the samosa and fifty people say
they love the hamburger what is the
head-to-head favorability that's a
question
well the pollsters have always been
dividing by 100 that means they say 50
over a hundred is you know 150 percent
of the people like the samosa and fifty
percent of the people like the hamburger
right well here's a problem among those
hundred people 50 people have never
tasted the samosa ever so is the
intention of the law to measure
desirability among voters or to measure
awareness among voters they have they
even heard of your name what are they
trying to measure they call it the
ballot test it's to measure if you went
into the booth who would you vote for
okay so
have been reporting the 50% on the
samosa and the 50% on the hamburger when
it should be really if 50 people among
those hundred are the only ones who've
ever tasted you that means a hundred
percent of the people with 50%
visibility like the samosa and 50% of
the people like the hamburger so the
bottom line is if you take an incumbent
candidate and one of the two party
candidates the denominator in that is
gonna match the actual visibility right
but when you have a new candidate coming
who doesn't have as much visibility
essentially has to spend a lot more that
denominators can be far bigger because
there's an indeterminant set of people
never in fact experienced that candidate
so what are you doing in a taste test
what do you do it with food what you
have a taste test and that's what a
debate is got a debate is akin to a
taste test so what they want to deny the
American people is the taste test where
you get to see the candidate and then
you get to do the poll so they do these
polls and they rigged it so you can
never allow people on the debate stage
so it's almost saying you have to score
this much and then I'm gonna let you do
the taste test
what your I would imagine that your
visibility would increase tremendously
if you were on the debate stage oh yeah
that's why they don't me on the debate
stage Scott not only would it increase
visibility but people would see this
distinct difference between a different
standard of person who works for living
solves problems has a history of solving
problems actually has to solve real
problems you know building airplanes and
building software versus someone who
manipulates things that's what Elizabeth
Warren we're seeing this dynamic of
lawyer lobbyists who can take point zero
one percent and try to still convince
with media that she's still a Native
American it's absurd it's no different
than saying that the Sun revolves around
the earth or the earth is flat that's
what lawyers and lobbyists do they don't
have to pay attention effect or career
politicians well when you already well
at least at least if Elizabeth Warren's
on the stage they have one person of
color what one person what one person of
color just kidding
person of color in this case you know we
put out this meme and it's which you
discuss racism here because you know we
put whites only Shiva not allowed and
when I say that Scot it's a deeper
discussion about race for far too long
in this country the left for the
Democrats abounded race into don't use
the end where don't put up the
confederate flag change the name of
these building ceremonial things and the
right and the republicans say don't talk
about racism but there is racism in this
country and it's racism today in 2018
about excluding diversity of ideas I
call a dark matter in Massachusetts 60%
of the voters you're nearing 60 are that
dark matter independence they're not
affiliated with Democrats or Republicans
that's only forty percent so they don't
want the dark matter of ideas someone
like people talk about how the postal
service can be a framework for free
speech why Monsanto has no safety
assessment standards they don't want
that diversity of ideas so that's what
that's a new form of racism it goes
beyond skin color
well diversity in general diversity of
thought diversity of ideas so let said
change topics here can i I have to ask
you about the Saudi Arabia yeah so the
latest news is and I'm not very good at
pronouncing the the victim's name here
Josh okey-dokey yeah you all know what
I'm talking about so the latest news is
that the the team of people who went in
there are closely connected with the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia you know we
didn't know how connected they were but
now it's apparently members of his
actual security team allegedly were in
the murder group what do you think we
should do with this what do you think
the United States what do you think our
response should be well you know I you
may have been stand been retweeting with
Rand Paul has been posting on this you
know being in the Senate I would
essentially build a coalition with Rand
Paul on this issue I think he's right on
target
there is no reason we think we should
he's put a bill in Congress to cut the
arms deals to Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia when you look at the entire
cultural basis of Saudi Arabia they
support radical you know Islamic
fundamentalism they were essentially the
you know by many reports the core area
of were a lot of the terrorists from
9/11 came in many ways they have nothing
in common with the values of this
country stands for well let me ask you
this for years we know the Saudi Arabia
beheads people for violating their local
laws and we've never changed our
relationship with them because of an
ongoing you know beheading in public
which we would consider you know pretty
awful the doesn't it matter who gets
killed and what the consequences are
because this particular person was
important to us because he was you know
a Washington Post writer but otherwise
isn't it sort of a family squabble in
some way I mean do we have a national
interest I think I think what's going on
Scott is I think the disappearance of a
journalist right I think there's I think
you're bringing up I don't know if you
want to bring up this contradiction here
right for years we've allowed Saudi
Arabia to get away with its mistreatment
of its own people or its quote unquote
treatment of its people per their norms
in this case we have a person who I
believe could speak English right he was
a journalist who was exposing some of
the issues within Saudi Arabia and it
became so egregious that I think now
it's contradicted the contradictions are
too much for us so then it becomes an
issue against quote unquote Western
values so I think if it was a Saudi just
a Saudi Arabian who gets beheaded
faretta not stealing and they cut off
their arms or whatever we're fine with
that but when it becomes someone who has
in this case I think the the egregious
nature of this is as I understood this
journalist was actually reporting on the
crown was working for the post and
it was actually a westerner in some ways
I think but doesn't it matter to us that
as a you know top representative of the
Muslim Brotherhood that if if the if
Jogi got his way there would be Sharia
law in the United States and everywhere
else is is this something we need to
care about because it's not exactly like
he was on our side his preferred world
is that I assume women and LGBTQ would
be suppressed if not discriminated
against if not you know a form of
slavery by Western standards not you
know if you like Sharia law then
everything's fine I suppose but should
we see him as our ally that's the
question the reason that we don't care
if I shouldn't say don't care but we
don't respond when Saudi Arabia does
something to of their own citizens that
say broke one of their local laws is it
sort of none of our business
you know it's not like they're killing
somebody who's our ally it's not our
citizen etc and Josh Oki is not exactly
on our team so do should we respond the
same and damage our own national
interests yes I think Scott if you look
at this yogi from that perspective I
think what you're asking is the there's
this issue of him being a journalist
right there's this one body of ethical
position you can take what he's a
journalist he's reporting forget what he
stands for
but he's reporting on as a journalist
right that's one position I think you're
asking do we kick now right I believe
use an opinion writer so it's more of a
propaganda kind of a thing than it is
exactly reporting if that matters I see
I didn't know that I didn't know that he
was an opinion writer they were the way
the media everything I've been reading
has presented him as a journalist yeah
they use that word and to me that yeah
that feels misleading now I'm not the
expert on him but I've read well I think
from yes so I the the reports I've heard
that he was a journalist you know he was
exposing the Saudi Arabian government of
hits particular ills and I do
some of the issues you brought up so one
one model is to look at him as a free
speech activist was doing journalism
that's the way the press has presented
it at least what I've seen and I think
your argument is that it's not that it's
basically he's someone who wants to
essentially sustain some of the
fundamentalist issues and why are we
participating in that let Saudi Arabia
figure that out is it is that what
you're saying stat yeah it's just in
these situations we love to be morally
correct and set a standard yeah we like
we like to it's not even about telling
the world how they need to be it's a
it's as much about protecting our own
brand you know the way we treat the rest
of the world is about our own brand and
do we want to be the kind of country
then we ignore this alleged barbarism
and of course we don't but we also don't
want to damage our interests in the
Middle East we don't want to you know
economically damage people and I just
wonder where do you draw the line
because the Middle East is abusing
people every minute of every day you
know including our allies I mean there's
lots of people getting abused over there
a lot of people getting killed work it
just seems like we should be smart about
where we draw the line yeah yeah it's
interesting I had an uncle might--might
uncle as a surgeon lived in Saudi Arabia
for many years and you know it took him
after you know you went there for about
twenty years to basically make money you
know from India it was a great place you
got paid a lot of money and he became
one of the leading surgeons there but
you know the bottom line was he said you
were living and essentially as a form of
police state but he was willing to put
up with that to make money for you know
his own needs whatever but I think what
you're pointing out is that entire
system that's sort of the norm and now
to raise something and and sort of
rattle the the bees nest how does that
help us interest I think that's our
reigning in question yeah I don't I
don't really see people I ask the
question as starkly as as I'm presenting
it so I feel like the public is not
being served because it just needs to be
laid on the plate yes we'd like yeah
yeah I think I think you're bringing up
this broader foreign policy question
which is I think is there are these
countries
extreme acts of abusive behavior or
something that's counter to our
quote-unquote value system and why is it
it on certain conditions we go in and
jump in or decide to make an issue and
other times we don't that's really the
more broader question so and what yeah
and so here's the suggestion let me just
throw this out tell me if it's crazy
suppose our response was to get all of
our allies to simply close all of the
Saudi Arabia embassies in in their own
countries for a month and just to just
say we're just going quiet for a month
because it would send a really strong
signal and it would be a little more
appropriate to the crime because it was
something that happened in an embassy
you know so maybe there's some or
appropriate this there but but not
selling them the products that we want
to sell feels like just shooting
ourselves in the foot why are we
punishing ourselves because we don't
like what somebody else did it would
just seem more more appropriate to make
a really big statement and just close
all the embassies for a month and say
we're not even gonna take you yeah I
think what you're saying Scott is that
your court model is interesting right so
if for decades and decades and decades
we've been supporting this regime and
then when an incident like this occurs
why are we going to another extreme
response so basically the punishment
should fit the crime that's what I hear
you saying yeah and if we truly care
about Saudi Arabia's abuse then there
should be a much larger discussion that
should be a formal US policy discussion
that should be taking place do we want
to support these countries what is our
value system etc and that discussion has
never taken place as I know in American
politics it's one of those big issues
right we are dealing with a country
which frankly lives in the 10th century
and we make a lot of issues about other
countries not being democratic but we've
never applied that same rule to Saudi
Arabia and here when innocent encourage
them to go all-out trying to make an
issue out of it alright so yeah let's
get a point let me ask you another
question
fentanyl I understand that if you
haven't heard this yet the reboot
Rosanne show called the Connors the way
they explained
Roseanne's not being on the show is that
she died of an opioid overdose which I
appreciate that the show did that
because as you know I lost myself at the
steps on three weeks ago I guess to an
opioid overdose and I I'm looking at all
the things that can be done about that
is there one choke point for you the one
thing we should work on the hardest
she'll be should be working on China to
execute their their illegal fentanyl
labs because most of it comes from China
or should we just give it away for free
in a controlled environment so every
every addict can get free drugs what
would you do
yeah let me jump at and say what I would
do is I would do a small test of in
different cities of different ways to
handle this and see which one works you
know in six months we'll have a good
idea well yeah so I think again when you
I think first of all your solution of
trying different tests because the whole
fentanyl thing the you know the whole
area of opioids is fundamentally at the
very complex systems problem right you
have the fact of why did you even
develop them because it was it was
missing in a there was a you know yet
advil and those things for certain
levels of paying you at morphine and a
certain group of doctors built this for
a new category of pain which was open
territory so there's the science that
went into developing these kinds of
drugs right but now the cats out of the
bag so now they exist what do we do
right so we have any volunteer I can
speak to this from a little bit of
knowledge that I started to gather
separate from my background biology and
addiction etc you know understanding the
Meccan the can except it we had a doctor
on our who is a volunteer here's a guy's
name is dr. Kishore
he actually had a solution for this
entire problem and his issue was that
it's a it is a complex problem one is
you can just take it away but the
realities who have people are addicted
on these drugs so what he did Scott was
he found out that simply putting them on
another
drug simply sending them to rehab had a
very high recidivism rate so the
solution he had was a program where he
actually went into the homes and he it
was a sort of a four-part process where
first of all he got people off of it
using a series of other drugs so it
essentially diminished the withdrawal
symptoms and then he put lifestyle
modification but he got the family
involved Scot he realized that most of
these problems is behavioral things that
you have to involve the community in the
family and he brought down the restorer
he he brought down the recidivism rate
to 50 percent what ended up happening to
him was a District Attorney of
Massachusetts threw him in jail took
away his medical license and destroyed
him there's a movie coming out of called
hero in America so what I'm saying is
one solution is it's not just doing
these sort of singular reductionist
approaches to help people who are
addicted there is a solution which
involves bringing in the community in
the family so that's one piece there are
known solutions which have a better rate
than just putting people on other types
of opioids the other solution I think is
what you're talking about why not do
this test where you restrict you know
the illegal production in China or their
ability to bring it in there is also you
know the whole aspects of I know you
know people give this narcan stuff for
opioids you familiar with that yes yes
yeah
there's you know the narcan I think it's
about 2,500 bucks a shot so you have
this whole process that that itself has
become a money-making environment and
that's another aspect we should start
looking at also you know is that
contributing to this or is it actually
alleviating the prom but I like your
idea of using a multiple approach but I
do know in Massachusetts among 250,000
people where this was tested across
think not only Massachusetts across the
country there's a lot of different
powerful results or good results showing
that you had significant reduction in
recidivism can you can you break down
what was the main thing that working
with the family of
the addict what was the main dynamic
that they changed yes so the main
dynamic was this when an addict gets up
in the morning you know when a normal
person gets up in the morning they the
behavioral cues when they really come
their own as they think about their
coffee pot the smell of coffee etc when
an addict gets up there all the
behavioral cues in the home that they
think about how they're going to get
their fix so the I think was called the
Minnesota model said take the addict out
of the home and send them to rehab well
right when they got back on the plane
they were back literally on the airplane
you know taking their drugs then the
secondary model was I think called the
Philadelphia model which was give them
methadone okay
well now you put them from one drug to
another drug I mean the biology the
biological problems with that you know
it's a whole discussion but it doesn't
really help the person biologically so
here the approach is in the home there
are enough behavioral cues that if you
use the rehab model and you put the
person in the home they still have the
same behavioral cue Scott so you need to
break those patterns in the home so so
so that was a fundamental thing because
if you can think about our body as a
system it's got a lot of different
muscle memory neural memory that the
cues are already there so you have to
break those you have to cut those cues
how long I had proposed at least to
think about the idea of creating small
rehab cities so instead of a rehab
that's just a building you have a
community where you might have to live
for two years to to reprogram your
habits you would just be in a whole new
place where they can't get any drugs in
it's you know that you've got dogs
everywhere
would that work yeah I think you got to
be careful with that right that would
work to the extent that the person was
able to go back into the real world
that's why I think his shoures model was
an interesting model because he was
doing sort of what you're talking about
in a much more micro way in the home
because and the family the neighbors
right so in that model if you did it for
two years
Let It Be Named oh wait a minute are you
suggesting
throw this out that if there were two
addicts there were each in their own
home that you could almost cure them by
making them switch homes wait wait if
I'm not saying that's practical but if
you could just switch teenagers and say
okay you're in a whole new home and
we're gonna create all new habits in
this new home I wonder if that would
work well that may be getting more
closer but remember it's the familiar
relationship Scott that people have so I
don't know if the new home well the new
home may work if they can build those
bonds and those new associations but
when people go back to their existing
home these the neural network is set in
their brain right in a lot of ways a
mind and body of these relationships as
in Systems Theory we say it's the
interconnections that matter so if those
interconnections are relationship you
have with your mom the relationship you
have with your physical home the food
choices you make this is an emergent
property that comes from all those
different connections you have and
simply putting people in rehab but not
addressing those connections and getting
the your parents and the family the
girlfriend the dog whatever your right
to be supportive
doesn't really address the issue because
you're still putting them back in the
same petri dish it's like taking you
know a particular organism out of its
existing petri dish putting it in a
beautiful clean petri dish and then
stick it sticking it back it's the same
genetics the epigenetics you're gonna
turn on so the issue is you have to do
the hard work of addressing it into home
he called it home detox but but if but
if the person never went back to their
original home and they're all that's an
interesting idea
it's an interesting I think is what
you're saying is you're basically
reprogramming them in a new home
environment yeah it's I'm talking about
a permanent change that's that that
would prompt you know if you follow this
logic through it would probably change
and there's a lot of epigenetic data to
show that by the way in this and if you
know the story about the two mice and
again that's something you could so
easily test you just have to find two
volunteers and find that if they're both
better at things right right it turns
out you know we started talking about
DNA and gene Scott Scott it turns off
remember I told you the DNA
more malleable they call it epigenetics
it's not just genetics so what you're
talking about is we have within us a
genetic framework that can be turned on
and off and that role in addiction is
only starting to be researched but
there's a lot of data that's come out
whether you literally have people living
in a certain environment of a certain
even genetics and you remove them into a
different environment different genes
get turned on several years ago they
took a lineage of mice which were angry
mice and a lineage of mice which were
very peaceful mice they took the pup
from one of the angry mice and they had
it start getting fed by me a peaceful
mice and the question was how would that
mice behave what do you think I wouldn't
begin to imagine you've got reprogram
reprogram they got peaceful but here's
more interesting how are the children of
those pups well so I guess the anger
will go to the children right or that's
what you would think is you would think
it has the genes for angry gene I put it
with the peaceful mice that got
reprogram it turns out that the children
of that mice also became peaceful why it
turns out angry mice never licked the
years of their baby mouse pups because
they're always freaked out in a
stressful environment that peaceful mice
always lick the years of their pups
which turns on a set of molecular
mechanisms that basically allow turn on
essentially a gene which allows that
mice to control this cortisol levels
cortisol as controlling cortisol is
extremely important for whether you're
angry of peaceful etc so it turns out
once that gene is turned on that gene
the turned on gene goes through the germ
cells and is passed on to the mice this
is why this is so fascinating that what
you're talking about is you can you know
in some ways I hate to say Marx was
right right but the notion of some of
his ideas with the material conditions
affect the person so here the ecosystem
the complex ecosystem it's not like the
jeans are just fixed in time you can
turn them on and off
can be passed on so that's what's so
fascinating about what you just said
that if you remove that attic and you
put them in a new home and you come they
probably will probably turn off a lot of
those addictive genes I mean I don't
have the research but there's enough
data on epigenetics emerging that shows
that the genome is very very malleable
no I've heard and maybe you can confirm
this that people who got addicted let's
say in the Vietnam War so they were
heroin addicts you know when they were
they were in the service and they were
actually in Vietnam but that when they
came home because their environment so
completely changed you know the
difference between being you know in the
jungle and Vietnam versus going home
that they almost easily got off the
drugs because every single cue was had
changed have you heard that is the other
thing ii-i've heard that with rel ago in
heroin right I've heard I've heard in
fact there's a whole area you know we
just published recently a paper in
Nature Neuroscience talking about the
blood-brain barrier but as we were doing
that researchers a whole body of
research which talks about the the fact
that there's a phenomenon called
plasticity in neuroscience that the
brain is they thought that the brain
sort of ends its behavior around you
know 21 years old but it turns out that
the brain is quite plastic even as you
get aged so you have the ability to
learn a lot of new things and that
plasticity concept goes to what you just
talked about under certain conditions
you know certain behaviors come up and
you remove those from other conditions
the plasticity of the brain knows how to
morph its even this addictive model that
you're talking about so it does sound
like that the the secret for addicts is
to get them out of their cues and me and
my experience with my stepson is you
know we tried to rehab etc but every
time he came back he would need a social
life and yeah so that's that's a new
life and I'm sorry by the way
condolences to you and your family Scott
it's almost like you need to change the
OS it's like you can have whatever app
is running on the application layer
right but if the OS you're plugging back
that app into the same operating system
it's gonna have the same bugs right you
have to almost put it into a different
operating system no you were talking
about cortisol and that made me think of
the the chemical that we produce when we
bond when we were in love the oxytocin
right yeah it feels to me like addicts
may not be getting enough oxytocin and
they're trying to compensate with
another what with whatever they can
because if you don't have the oxytocin
you just don't feel good and you don't
know why yeah I mean look I had am what
will nice to teach his class at MIT we
had a student from the edge school who
did this whole research on inner cities
and the dropout rates and you know one
thing she found that was fascinating was
that there was a very low dropout rate
no matter how horrible the environment
was among those people who had a mentor
or at least one family member who gave
them security and love that it didn't
require you to the state to come in and
put DSS and all these operation you just
needed this one person who loved and
cared enough for that person and that
love and care gave that person that
comfort you know to make them out of it
and sort of scout you and I were talking
about remember when we're doing that
diagram of security etc in many ways if
you look at the human womb two things
the womb provides it provides obviously
the mother is loving and caring and make
sure she's protecting it but it provides
nourishment and the safety and security
in many ways that's sort of what love is
providing that and I think when that
gets provided anything is insurmountable
I mean you talk to my parents who came
from nothing in India or people came
from horrible slum like conditions but
they have this family connection that no
matter you know whatever there's rats
running
or whatever horrible conditions that
deep sense of connection gives them this
inner strength to make it through all
sorts of things yeah that III put it in
chemical terms which is that the whole
deep sense of connection creates a very
specific chemical State and if you don't
have that you're gonna look for
something to make you happy I mean the
mouse example sort of brings that you
know I have a book that I call system
self and in that I talk about you know
the complex of ecosystems in the mouse
case you have the the the mother mice
you have the pup but you also have the
ecosystem and with that Mouse lives one
could have argue in a environment where
there's scarcity where there's violence
where there's problems the mouse
probably the mother Mouse probably gets
stressed out and forgets to give love
and you know in this case lick the mice
in the other case with it whether it's
peace and there's some sense of
stability the mice has time to care for
the young and that's why literally genes
get turned on and off so I think this is
an interconnected problem yeah in the
human model you know again I have
limited limited experience but when
teams are getting addicted it feels like
teams are losing their connection with
their you know mom and dad because
they're too old and too cool and you
know they can't hang around with mom and
dad so whatever oxytocin they were gonna
get from just being you know loved and
hugged by parents sort of goes away
around 14 because the teen rejects you
and then they have to find another way
to get it and if the way that they can
get it is with people who are using
which is around here it's everybody
there's your your search for oxytocin
that will drive you to drugs all other
things being equal because you're not
going to live without I have what I call
the the pleasure unit theory that people
people need a certain level of physical
pleasure in their life or they'll just
check out they'll just kill themselves
they'll do something dangerous until
they die and that the people are not
getting this basic level of oxytocin and
connection and pleasure in their life
are going to do any
second thing they can to fill that gap
even if it might kill them well Scott's
got it I mean I think I think I make
shared with you we have this technology
that came out of my MIT work called
cytosol where we can literally model at
the molecular level
these complexity of these chemical
reactions known as molecular pathways
for any type of biological phenomena as
long as we can extract it from the
literature it would be fascinating to
literally look at this chemical process
and you can set two conditions where you
have different levels of oxytocin right
and how that turns on and turns off
particular genes which results in let's
say control of certain characteristics
that we're talking about it would be
relatively at least get a handle on a
model and I think that would really give
some perspective on what you're talking
about
yeah because in theory once you've got
that got a handle on which chemical
states are the most protective or the
least Gallacher you could measure
everything you do and see if it
contributes to or takes away from that
chemical State all right well you're
fascinating as always we're coming
toward the end of our hour time is there
a topic or anything you want to wrap up
in summary yeah I think the topic that
we want to wrap up is you know if you
look at nature and you look at human
development or any development I think
the reason I think your show is so
fascinating Scott as you allow a
diversity of ideas you don't take a left
or right and I think nature has always
if you you nature as an engineer nature
has really supports diversity right
meaning not diversity in name only but
the best things in nature are composite
things you look at very strong things
and nature is too composite and the
integration of multiplicity of things
and what are we doing to our country and
this comes to the debate stage issue
where you only let one choice which is a
two-party system what are we doing to
the complexity of choices that would
actually have an emergent property of
more
he is really great solutions that's why
you know we put out the slogan called
let's see the debate and if anyone wants
to help we have a debate on October 19th
which we're being excluded October 21st
we're being excluded October 30th we
have a hearing coming up with the judge
we may be allowed in there but if anyone
wants to support us on October 19th
we're holding a huge rally in Boston
it's up on our Twitter please come to it
and this is not about me but it's really
about you demanding that in America that
we get the best when we have meritocracy
and this true diversity of ideas and
that's the racism we need to fight Scott
so it's it's it's almost in many ways
for our survival or your survival you
know our our strength as a people yeah
we get three diversity of ideas and I
would put that in systems form which is
you know the goal would be to have you
know that the best laws and the best
government but the system to get there
is very much like the system for
investing you can't really you can't
really always pick the right stock but
you can buy an index fund you can
diversify and hope that your
diversification is the smart approach
right now our Congress is not
diversified in talent there they're very
lawyer' lawyer' oriented and you get a
lot of lawyerly results when I look at
Rand Paul whenever he talks about
anything I'm always struck by the same
thing that he comes at every topic from
a more let's say scientific rationale
you know less dogmatic perspective and I
think why can't we have more people like
that well I think what's happened is God
we have the the mainstream media but by
the way they're not run by journalists
anymore
you don't have the quality of people
that the American people deserve so they
are of essentially created a little Oleg
Archy of ideas very you know homogeneous
ideas and yet this group reaches
diversity and I think we deserve this
whole spectrum of ideas and that's what
the opportunity is in our race in
Massachusetts you one guy who's we call
my fake Trump or dirty deal the other
woman who is a lawyer lobbyist who's try
convinced everyone she's still a Native
American and here's us out there and
with spending very little money we've
made her life hell we brought up issues
that people do not bring about in a very
thoughtful way and that's what scares
them and but it's a huge opportunity for
us as Americans to see someone like
myself in the Senate and I think people
deserve that yeah I would I would my
take on that is that Elizabeth Warren in
the Senate gives you another one of what
you already have xxx which is another
academic lawyer kind of a voice but
putting somebody like you in the Senate
takes a talents back that would probably
be greater than anybody in the Senate
right now the number of different skills
the real-life experience the starting of
companies the I mean your your
experience is about five times as broad
and valid and and OnPoint for what the
Congress needs to do so you're you're
sort of like getting five good skills
compared to Warren who's sort of just
like the stuff they already have so if
you're looking at it as an investment
per se it would be a no-brainer
because you break you bring a
diversification even within yourself
with five different ten different
talents whatever you got there and the
Congress just needs more people like you
so I'm gonna I'm gonna leave it on that
and if you'd like to say bye to the
people yes if I everyone if you want to
learn more go to Sivir for Senate and
look forward to being in the US Senate
and and really making America great
thank you all right thanks and thank you
bye for now be well bye all right back
to me most interesting person who ever
ran for office love him or hate him
he's got more education more real life
experience more ideas you saw how much
energy yes tons of energy so he's he's a
quite an interesting candidate
so if you're in Massachusetts give them
give them a thought all right
did anybody have any comments about that
I see some people liked it and yeah look
how interesting that was I I especially
liked the idea of removing addicts from
all of their their life cues and putting
them in a whole new world and and as
soon as you hear an idea like that you
know your mind starts trying to solve
for it and I was thinking you know what
would virtual reality do suppose you put
somebody in a virtual reality the world
a few times a day just took them out of
their head with that health what if you
traded houses two with two addicts would
that help so it certainly makes me think
all right I'm going to wrap it up here
and I will talk to you all later