pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody come
on in it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams the best part of the whole day
every single time yeah you think
there'll be a day that goes by and
you'll think well maybe today will be
the day that the simultaneous sip and
coffee with Scott Adams is not the best
part of the day and then you find out it
is right so you might as well just give
in to it
it's the best part of the day there's no
way around it and today will be no
exception all you need for the
simultaneous is the copper a bucket or
glass of tanker chelators diana canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
is a day the thing that makes everything
including the environment coronavirus
the economy racism all of it a little
bit better here it goes the simultaneous
it mmhmm yeah yep I can feel everything
improving now now I have a special guest
which I'm gonna wait for a moment
until he gets on here if if the
technology doesn't work today we'll
we'll figure something out so let me
just check here I'm trying to talk to
Michael Shellenberger when he is
available which will be any moment now
about his incredible new book that I
read and you should be proud of me it's
kind of a big book and I actually read
it
Wow can you believe it yes I did
alright Michael if if you're having
trouble getting on I will be looking for
a message from you
just so as I know all right
Michael says he's there but but Michael
you say you're there but when I look at
my guest list you do not appear so
there's an icon at the bottom of your
screen click the happy faces icon at
bottom and once Michael clicks that I
will see him and then I will add him on
which I think might be happening right
now
yes it is so let's see if our technology
works Michael can hear me hey it worked
so well let me let me tell the audience
think you know what we've got going here
so this is Michael Shellenberger who's
amazing new book apostle apocalypse
never which you can see right here which
is just now it's I just said it's number
seven on Amazon's most read books of the
week I don't know if all of you know
this but Amazon puts out a lot of books
if you could be number seven on their
most read list
holy cows it's number one in a bunch of
categories that apply to it and Michael
would you would you describe yourself as
an environmentalist activists still or
is that where you started and you've
evolved how would you describe yourself
for the audience I still consider myself
an environmentalist and environmental
activists I spend a lot of my time
making the case for nuclear power which
i think is the most one of the most
important technologies in the world
certainly one of most important
environmental technologies so yeah I
guess you can now say I'm a best-selling
author too which is pretty cool you know
the the thing that I loved about your
book and by the way I don't usually like
books I I have to admit I you know even
when I read them you know I think well
you know maybe I shouldn't have but I
actually loved every part of your book
because your writing is excellent
it keeps me engaged the whole time
because your personal story was
woven in with with it all what would you
say that if you and Greta tunberg were
ever in the same room that the the
matter and the antimatter would make you
both explode and disappear yeah that's a
be a very interesting experiment
wouldn't it I would want a lot of other
people to be present that's for sure it
would be quite a show all right so your
book is sort of a a tour through the
environmental not only the history and
the psychology of it which I found
actually the most interesting part was
the psychology of how we got to where we
are in various ways but what when you
looked into everything from soldier to
Whidden to you know the Amazon
rainforest and all this and you've done
deep dives and in all of these where
were you most surprised and what would
be the most surprising to the audience
in terms of things that people generally
believed to be true that just aren't
true
oh man there's so many of them I mean I
think one of the one of the most fun the
two most fun chapters in a way were the
chapters that on plastic waste and on
meat because these are two topics that I
had certainly read about but I had never
really properly researched much less
consider myself an expert on so I mean
one of the most surprising things was
you know I opened this chapter on
plastic by describing this very famous
viral YouTube video where a marine
biologist pulls a plastic straw out of
the nose of a sea turtle and I learned
more about the history of these sea
turtles and one of the things I learned
is that they were being over harvested
they were being killed for their shells
to make tortoiseshell glasses
tortoiseshell glasses the tortoiseshell
was missing and it was sea turtle
because sea turtle shells were the
original plastic the original bio
plastic so it turns out that the
plastics that we use today made from
petroleum products actually helped to
save sea turtles they also help to save
elephants because they were substitutes
for the ivory in elephant tusks so
stories like that where you discover
these things that you're told
are super terrible often had a really
important role in protecting the
environment you and plastic the the
surprising part about that is that the
sea turtle that had the straw up his
nose I didn't even know sea turtles did
cocaine so that was surprising to me no
turtles don't do cocaine I just made
that up alright so one of the one of the
things I found most powerful about your
book is the people who want to save the
world seem to be destroying it and they
don't know why but they don't know it ok
can you walk us through what a
developing nation needs to do to become
a good nation and can they get there
with solar power I mean this is I mean I
joke that because I wrote this I wrote
this book I dedicate this book to my
children who are ages 14 and 21 so I
wanted people to be able to read it who
were just 14 years old so I told a lot
of really I try to make it as simple as
possible with a lot of stories and I
talked about how really the process of
economic development unless you're Saudi
Arabia is basically the same everywhere
you go from having a country where
almost everybody is a small farmer to
getting factories people working in
cities and that the only way to do that
is by moving away from renewables away
from wood and dung waterwheels towards
fossil fuels and to some extent
hydroelectric dams are very important
hydroelectric dams I consider the
highest form of renewables because
they're they provide so much reliable
power but really it's a story of rising
energy consumption increased energy
consumption is actually good for the
environment because energy is a
substitute for matter which is what we
call the natural environment so yeah I
mean the reason this this trend I
condemn I criticize here which is this
idea that we should stop funding
hydroelectric dams roads electrical
grids modern agriculture and instead the
World Bank is is giving small farmers a
solar panel and a battery and saying a
good luck with that
it's simply not gonna work so would it
be fair to say that environmentalists if
they got their way would lock all of the
poor people into poverty basically
forever because that nobody's figured
out how to get out of poverty without
doing it the way you just mentioned so
would yeah I mean Greta would be
destroying the lives of poor people
forever yeah I mean what they would say
is well we should help them with some
charity but for sure the idea and in
fact they've succeeded they basically
persuaded the World Bank the European
Development Bank all the big interaction
develop banks whose purpose after World
War two was to lift everybody out of
poverty they have diverted basically all
of that money from energy that can lift
people out of poverty whether it's a
hydroelectric dam a coal plant or a
nuclear plant to these little charitable
experiments the solar panel on a hut
they've actually also denied countries
the money they need for irrigation
fertilizer or tractors which is the
basis for because when you have
factories and cities you have to at your
farmers you have fewer farmers and they
have to grow more food it's just really
simple so yeah I mean it's an agenda
that basically you know at the end of
the book I have three chapters about
kind of why is everybody so crazy on
this environmental issue and I look at
money power and religion and the power
definitely there's an effort by rich
people in the rich countries got a
tunberg herself
Bill McKibben the other the other
characters in the book are actively
trying to keep poor nations in poverty
and I think it's unconscionable so
that's the most amazing part about this
and I've always tried to figure out why
people have different opinions on things
where where science should be the only
opinion and the environmental one is is
the most amazing one and I don't know
anybody who's looked into it as much as
you have who has your I'll say talent
stack the ability to analyze things and
communicate them I don't know anybody
who comes down on a different side when
they did dig into it as much as you have
and it feels like the environmentalists
are in some cases just
things for money or whatever but in many
cases I think they just don't have as
deep a talent snack
in other words they're they're just not
capable of looking at the field and its
entirety they're just seeing part of the
field does it feel like would you like
that to you I mean I think what I mean I
would say yes in some ways I mean what's
striking to me Scott is that
environmentalists the people who want to
control the energy and food production
all around the world through the United
Nations this is not some conspiracy
theory I document all this in the book
these are people that have never spent
any time in poor countries these are
people who have really never spent any
time in the productive sectors of their
own country's energy and food economies
I mean I always joke that you know
nobody's more alienated from nature than
environmentalists you know
environmentalist or people that live in
a city they want to put huge industrial
wind turbines in the air shed of birds
bats and insects in places where they
don't live but if you ever get a wind
turbine proposed for the coast of
California or for the coast of Cape Cod
you know those of us in the rich cities
and the rich coast shut that down
immediately so there's a lot of
hypocrisy at work there's a lot of
ignorance it's hard to pull them apart
exactly now for the benefit of the
audience give us your view of climate
change you know is it man-made is it
alarming give us give us your overview
on where you think climate change is
heading so my view is that climate
change is real but it's not the end of
the world
it's not even our most important
environmental problem I think it's taken
I think it's taken up way more of our
attention and money and time than it
should it's led us to not only neglect
what I see is more serious environmental
problems which would be things like the
loss of habitat and rainforests and the
fragmentation of forests for endangered
species poverty the overconsumption of
wild animals including fish we've
basically forgotten about all those
problems they don't even really get into
the newspaper as much anymore and then
it's led people to do things that are
that are clearly harmful
the first one and part of my motivation
for writing the book is that they've
contributed to rising anxiety and
depression among adolescents I'm not
saying they're the sole cause but
there's certainly part of it yeah you
know when I grew up we we were taught
that there was going to be a nuclear war
in our lifetime and we'd probably all be
dead and it definitely had an effect on
my whole mental makeup probably
permanently and I can't imagine that
that's not messing up kids you you talk
about there's a fascinating part towards
the end of the book where you're talking
about maybe the psychological
underpinnings of the the death cults
could you say something about that well
yeah I mean the last chapter in the book
and and you I think you know I ended up
I'm actually hiring somebody from
extinction rebellion which is crazy but
basically the last part of the book I'm
in London I'm actually advocating for
nuclear I went to 10 Downing Street went
to Parliament met with former Labour
leader Jeremy Corbyn and I was making a
case for nuclear but I'm like trying to
get through Trafalgar Square and it's
just this crazy extinction rebellion
protests thousands of people are
arrested and it's very disturbing I mean
they have up signs that say things like
climate change kills children which is
just ridiculous it's like pseudoscience
and I spent some time trying to figure
out what's going on here like what is
what is this well obviously you know or
maybe not obviously but I think it's
very clear when I review the research
and I certainly think about my own
history that this is a religious
movement you could say it's a religious
cult I quote somebody one of the best
British columnist on this called the
upper middle class death cults which is
not which is not inaccurate and so
what's going on and I sort of point out
that really these are you know
apocalyptic environments tend to be
people who don't believe in traditional
religion but they still have the need to
believe in something they still have the
need for personal transfor transcendence
for some sense of immortality now is
that do you think that a sense of
immortality is that they're safe
the world so that's their legacy what
how does the need for immortality or our
basic need to feel like we have some
some lasting in fact is that where it is
and saving the world yeah it's really
exaggerated right I mean it's like a
Marvel superhero story of yourself you
know my I contrast it like if you think
about if I look at my parents
when my kids and my my brothers and
sisters kids when we're all home for
Christmas my parents are the happiest I
ever see them because they see their
grandkids they are immortal right they
see that they are living on through
their grandkids that's a healthy normal
fantasy or a story of immortality that
they have I think for this idea that I
as a person I'm going to save the planet
from climate change
I mean it's identical in structure to a
Marvel superhero story it's so
over-the-top it's so ridiculous and what
you know we find is that basically a lot
of what these apocalyptic
environmentalists the story they're
telling is a judeo-christian story you
know of saving the whole planet from
from Armageddon but they don't even know
that they're they don't they think
they're just talking science they think
that they're actually describing the
world as it is they don't know that
they're in the grip of a religion yeah
the one of the hardest things for
anybody is to know what you don't know
and one of the things that I've noticed
is that the environmental movement is
skews young wouldn't you say that it's
it's a young person's movement is that a
fair statement yeah I mean I think I
think there's I see a lot of the leaders
and the activists in the apocalyptic
climate change movement being
adolescents and middle-aged people which
are is a kind of two existential moments
in your life where you're kind of like
Who am I you know what am I doing here
what is my purpose you have it as an
adolescent and you often have a midlife
crisis so I think it reflects some
insecurities some personal insecurities
that people have around their own lives
and then they become part of a movement
it gives our lives meaning
but ultimately if I could sort of break
it down like this I mean the difference
between an environmentalist activist and
what you are is that you know more than
they do I mean it kind of comes down to
that isn't it you you've just looked
into it in more detail and so you can
see the whole field and you can see that
for example the solar isn't isn't gonna
solve all our problems but the person
who hasn't done the work is gonna say
well you know Elon Musk says solar it's
gonna work without realizing that Elon
Musk is a competitor to other forms of
energy which is one of the things you
talk about can you say something about
that about how how what is it that's
caused people to think the solar could
solve their problems when it's so
obvious that it can't well that's right
I mean when you when you see people this
incredible love for renewables and the
anger that people have at you when you
point out all of the obvious problems
with it you know like the wind turbines
are spinning blades that kill a lot of
endangered species or that the solar
panels require covering four hundred
times more lands than a natural gas or a
nuclear plant require when you just
point out those problems advocates of
renewables apocalyptic environmentalists
they get really angry in the same way
that like a true believer gets at mad
when you suggest that their God isn't
real so you know I think it's clear you
see it in all of the literature you see
it in the in the in the advertising
renewables have always been viewed as a
way to harmonize human society with
nature so nature ends up playing the
role of God and where we use to try to
get right by God and by God's laws
there's now by supposedly secular people
an effort to get right by nature and
science becomes kind of a new religion
you know I've always noticed people
always have this need to be part of
something that's bigger than themselves
and maybe get approval from something
bigger than themselves so in as you're
talking about it's like you try to get
God's approval if you're a believer but
if you're not a believer maybe you need
nature's approval maybe we're just wires
so we need that approval for
the bigger power so I gotta ask you
about nuclear is our country going in
the right direction finally I know the
president doesn't say much about nuclear
but the Department of Energy does seem
to be doing some things is it moving in
the right direction in your opinion not
really unfortunately I'm afraid the
nuclear industry itself is committed to
manage decline they announced a lot of
R&D projects but honestly they're you
know there is no effort to maintain our
existing nuclear plants or build new
ones so what we've got is a lot of
demonstration projects I think that that
are attempted to kind of make us feel
better about a basically bad situation
now is that not at least in part because
there's some desire to get to so-called
generation 4 that we don't know how to
do yet exactly so there's there's some
iteration and testing and government
that they build some kind of a test
facility to do that didn't they
or they're building it yeah that's the
idea I mean the problem is I've just
done so much I just know so much about
the history of this that we see this
repeatedly where you know there's all
these demonstration efforts there's been
so many prototypes and demonstration
reactors made and they don't ever go
anywhere I mean what would really gets
nuclear plants built is when utilities
decide to build plants and they usually
end up building the same kind of plant
or a very similar kind of plant to one
that's been operating so you know my
concern is not that I'm not I have no
problem with the demonstration efforts
my problem is that we're not doing the
things that the Russians and the Chinese
and the French and the people that are
serious about having a nuclear expansion
are doing which is to build full-sized
light water reactors that's why I'm so
obsessed with Britain right now
Britain's considering building six
full-size light water reactors it's got
200 construction that's what it looks
like when countries are going seriously
on nuclear and and unfortunately we're
not doing that and for our audience
that's not up to date the the types of
nuclear that other countries are looking
at building would all be types
would you call it you know a third
generation which has never had a
meltdown that killed anybody yet is that
true oh yeah of course I mean I mean
really we haven't had I mean you know
even fukushima's radiation didn't kill
anybody and that was Jen too so yeah
it's Jen three these are in some ways
honestly they're just over engineered in
the book I talk about the fear of
nuclear and deeper rationality and
ideological nature of the fears but my
view has always been on nuclear that we
make we too often make the perfect enemy
of the good and really what works is to
just build good practice building have
the same guys building the same reactors
over time that's how costs come down if
so if you were to say you know you were
the President of the United States
instantly and you're gonna say all right
and the fixed nuclear energy in this
country would you look at forced
Standardization would you just get out
of the way and remove regulations if
some of them are unnecessary I don't
even know if they are where's the lever
what would you what would you focus on
to change first to fix it I mean the
most important thing is to have a
national consensus on a long-term plan
for taking nuclear from 20% to 50% of
our electricity by 2050 and that's a
pretty reasonable goal you would then
work with the utilities and the states
because we do have a fragmented utility
system you know most countries it's a
single utility or a couple of them we
have so many utilities because we're
such a big country the most important
thing is to have a goal and work towards
it and yeah and I think standardization
would be the obvious way but I thought
the real problem is that the economics
don't work because it just takes so long
to get it approved if you don't fix that
it doesn't matter how much leadership
you have does it if you're doing those
if you're doing unapproved designs sure
but we have a perfectly great I mean
it's really great advanced pressurized
water cooled reactor called the ap1000
they're building two of them in Georgia
those workers are
are literally a national asset I mean I
go those construction workers because
they know how to pour cement and make
rebar and weld at nuclear grade
standards after they're done they should
move up the road to South Carolina and
build two more nuclear reactors there
they would then you would basically if I
have a national building program it
would just spread because the key is
that the workers themselves there's so
much specialized skills involved
speaking of skill stacking that that
they are these workers I mean it's it's
tragic if we don't build more nuclear
plants after those two 80 1000s we're
gonna lose so much valuable asset in
those workers it's it's scary is it is
this the same kind of skill I know
pouring concrete is not the same skill
you'd need to make a nuclear engine for
you know for a submarine or for later
for a space force but we have the same
problem right because space will be
nuclear-powered that's a guarantee isn't
it
oh yeah I mean if you're serious so so
if we don't have a big nuclear energy
capability you know a robust full
industry in the United States we're not
gonna own space and whoever owned space
owns the earth that's pretty much a
guarantee wouldn't you say absolutely I
think you make it I don't I think I
haven't done enough that this question
I'm very interested in space I'm very
interested in in national security
implications of space I mean I and and
you're right I mean really
nuclear the the innovation on nuclear
has really come from the military that's
how we got our existing light-water
designs and the left has the pro-nuclear
left has often condemned our existing
light water technology by saying it came
from the military but that's the
strength of it I mean that's where our
microchips came from that's where
personal computers came from that's
where the internet came from yeah right
why are we embarrassed about the
military roots of these technologies
that's why they're so great right yeah
that's so that's a weird thing to be
angry at so well Michael is there
anything you want to leave us with I'm
going to go on to some other topics here
and is there anything that we need to
know that I did ask I just wanted to say
that first of all thank you Scott for
plugging the book I
people get it you should know that I've
been now censored twice I was censored
by Forbes who took down my original
column announcing the book and then I
was censored by Facebook after an
absolutely outrageous unscientific
attack on my book by these by a sort of
star chamber of climate apocalyptic
jerks who who basically got my articles
censored on Facebook so please sign up
at environmental progress to get updates
directly from me please buy the book I
would love to hear from readers it's
really exciting to have the conversation
alright it's apocalypse never Michael
Sheldon Berger it's a best-seller
written all over it and it's already a
bestseller and congratulations in the
book it's really it's really this is
this is a really good book I mean it
really is you did a great job on this so
thank you Michael
thanks Scott all right take care take
care all right that was very interesting
let's talk about some other things for
example Trump's taxes so let me
summarize the entire situation about
Trump's taxes blah blah blah sand legal
stuff blah blah lawyers disagree blah
blah blah court blah blah blah will be
appealed blah blah blah will take a long
time blah blah blah may not make any
difference for the election because it
may be delayed until after that blah
blah blah precedent there you go that's
everything you need to know about
Trump's taxes I am loving the story
about mayor de Blasio and the protesters
painting this giant black lives matter I
don't know why you'd call it a sign or a
message on the road directly in front of
Trump Tower and here's what I love about
it I always put myself in the story and
saying well what if I were Trump if I
were Trump and I knew that the city was
mocking me by putting black lives matter
on my you know right in front of my
high-end building what would I think
about that
and I had the following feeling when I
first saw the workers doing their thing
you know they're painting you can't see
what they're doing yet you just see you
know that people are doing something my
first thought was it's gonna be an
eyesore and you know I wish we wouldn't
waste our time on such things and then
that you see the aerial view of it and
I'm thinking to myself they're actually
pretty good at making stuff whoever
whoever mapped out the letters in black
lives matter and picked the the color
and the font did a really good job so
I'm looking at this thing and I'm
thinking I kind of like it
you know just artistically because it
let me give some context I also like
tattoos and scars because they tell you
a story about a moment in time and the
black lives matter thing not only looks
good in the same sense that Mount
Rushmore is just looks good you know if
Mount Rushmore were done poorly would
you go to see it just because there's
bacon there were presidents heads on it
if they didn't quite look like the
presidents would you bother going see it
now it matters this done well that's
what makes Mount Rushmore so impressive
it's done well plus it's big so this
blacklivesmatter thing I'm looking at it
and thinking kind of like it if I were
the president I'd say thank you I would
just say you know I I didn't love it the
idea but when I saw you did a good job
on it
I think it I think I liked it imagine if
the president said you know it kind of
looks good there let's keep it
maintained let's make sure that nobody
ruins it what what would that do to
people's heads would they explode now of
course I don't think the president can
do that because black lives matter
refers to not only the idea but also the
organization and he's he's now so pro
the organization but of course he like
everybody in the world would agree with
the concept so if I were him I'd just
say
I would call it a concept not an
organization I would say it's kind of
cool let's leave it there that's how I
treat it because I actually do like it
this was interesting
so yesterday I got a direct message from
a small I guess you'd call them a
startup they're kind of new called
ground news ground like the ground you
stand on news and what they do is they
take the all the news stories on a topic
and they see if the left-leaning news
sites or the middle or the right-leaning
news sites are focusing on it more and
then you can see how it's covered
differently by the left and the right so
they're so it's a really good idea to
give you more of a landscape of the bias
in the news industry but they so they
send me one that they thought I might be
interested in yesterday which was the
story about Trump signed executive order
expanding educational and economic
opportunities to Hispanics and it's
funny because the you look at the ground
a news chart and it shows that the
people on the left the media on the left
just ignored the story like it didn't
exist but the but the outlets on the
right in the middle like well it's a
story
the president's doing it is a national
story of course we're gonna write about
it put the left
crickets now think about that think how
important the the Hispanic American vote
will be and here's Trump signing I don't
know what the details are but he's
expanding educational and economic
opportunity for Hispanics and you would
think that that would be a big deal now
here's the fun part
so this little startup I think I think
calling them a startup is correct ground
news sends me this thing because I think
I'd be interested and I was it was
pretty interesting now by the way there
are also stories which show like a big
crickets on the right so the story about
Trump's Southern Southern District of
New York legal stuff
that was covered mostly by the left and
FoxNews and that was about it
so so it works both ways but I will note
that Fox News is a little bit more
likely to cover all the stories than
other outlets at least that's what it
looked like but here's the fun part
so I tweeted the little story about the
executive order and I woke up this
morning and Trump President Trump a
treat we did it so this little this
little startup ground news woke up to
something like 60 times the amount of
traffic they normally just sighs blow it
up so that was fun
anyway well let's see
you know I tweeted this as a prediction
let's see what you think so I predicted
this there's some day somebody is going
to compile a list of companies that
employ people who have publicly called
for boycotts on other companies all
right so wouldn't you like to know when
you see somebody on Twitter calling for
a boycott wouldn't you like to know
where they work because that's that's
just fair right the whole point of a
boycott to the point of this
cancellation culture is that the
counselors are safe because you don't
know much about them but they found out
was something about whatever that our
target is whoever they're gonna boycott
or or cancel they know something extra
about that person that causes them
trouble is it not fair that we just have
a little more transparency wouldn't you
like to know who accuses you in the
legal system you have a right to know
who your accuser is what kind of world
would it be if you didn't know who your
accuser was but I think you should also
know where they work you know what's
their job because if somebody goes after
somebody else's job I think that person
has a right to know
where do you work where do you work
right so if you were calling for a
boycott on this company gorya geo why a
I guess there's food company the CEO
said some nice things about President
Trump and now the left wants to cancel
them wouldn't you like to know where all
those cancel errs work or where they'll
work in the future because I think that
it needs to be mutually assured
destruction you know we need to probably
in order to have free speech in this
country in a way that the let's say the
market allows as well as a constitution
right now the Constitution says yes but
the free market says no well maybe you
can't say those things without losing
your job so with that with some sense of
mutually assured destruction that's
somewhat immediate and personal I don't
see any of it ever changing because in
my opinion is completely fair to
complain about somebody's opinion
completely fair of course that's freedom
of speech but when you go after
somebody's job because their opinion
your own job should be at risk that
feels like the minimum right if you
punch somebody in public excuse me if
you punch somebody in public the the
reason you don't do that is you think
you'll get punched back you know you're
even more so than you're worried about
going to jail you'll immediately be
punched back so there's a reason people
don't punch people in public but right
now there's no reason you can't try to
cancel somebody in public now in my case
since I'm a public figure and everybody
knows my job you know if I say something
negative about somebody they usually say
boycott Dilbert we're gonna boycott
we're gonna call all your newspapers and
cancel you to which I say isn't that
fair isn't it fair than if I were to
criticize somebody on social media that
they know who I am and where I work
I think that is fair I would also like
to know who they are and where they work
yeah just so we have full transparency I
don't think you can you can solve this
otherwise so here's some fun news
cartoonist Gary Larson has decided to
command if retirement and draw some new
comics so you can google Gary Larson the
far side you'll see his site it'll pop
up so that was just announced I knew
about this for a while because we have
the same syndication company but it's
exciting there and he's actually got
some new comics there what's fun about
this is that Gary Larson when he retired
he had still been drawing on with paper
and pen and that was part of his
frustration is it's just really hard and
not that fun to draw with pencil and
paper and pen and so for his new stuff
he's teaching himself to use a digital
something like what I use imagine he's
using the same thing this is this is my
drawing surface it's just a computer
screen that you can also draw on with a
stylus from Wacom WAAC and om w AC om
and so you'll see some of his new
digital art some of you will be very
interested in that all right
Biden has coming out with some specific
proposals that look like they would
destroy the country completely and I've
never had that feeling before I've never
actually had the feeling have you in the
past when there have been presidents
that were candidates that maybe I liked
more than the other I never really
thought that the other candidate would
destroy the world you know when when
gore and Bush were running didn't you
think well it's not gonna be that
different no matter who gets elected
turns out it was quite different because
we got a couple of wars and a bush but I
did I didn't think in advance it was the
end of the world if one got elected
versus the other and generally speaking
you know that's what I think I don't
think it would have been the end of the
world if Hillary Clinton had been
elected
because she's sort of moderate right you
might not liked it but it wouldn't be
the end of the world but when I look at
the Biden situation and I see that first
of all he's not the guy in control
that's obvious so you don't know who's
in control which is pretty scary
wouldn't you like to know who the
president is we have a position
situation where you won't actually know
who's in control if I didn't get
selected but he's got some ideas that
could actually destroy the whole
civilization let me give you an example
I'd like to see somebody who's in favor
of relaxing borders describe what it
looks like in their mind like what does
the world look like in a year or two
years or whatever if if they if they get
exactly what they want what happens how
does it look now if you say if the
president says you know I want to close
borders he can draw a picture of what
that looks like pretty well there's
still the numeration but you know we're
trying to you know fit the employees to
the jobs without you know burdening
employment in this country you kind of
know what that looks like right it looks
a lot like now but with better better
border control maybe a little less crime
coming in but you who knows if you'd
even notice but what does it look like
if you don't have border control and
you've got more sanctuary cities that
Biden is suggesting is there any world
in which that would not attract the
cartels for example is there any world
in which the United States would not
eventually be run by Mexican cartels it
for all practical purposes I can't
imagine any way that wouldn't happen if
if we have enough people coming across
the border so it's a it's a question of
numbers so I'd like to see people to ask
that question of what that looks like
it's the same question with a the green
new deal which seems to be sort of
pushed into the backburner for the
moment but as I was talking with Michael
Shellenberger what do people think it
looks like for
countries if the green new deal happens
like fast-forward that what happens with
your solar panels and your windmills in
you know some African country that's
trying to develop and that just doesn't
work you know where are they in 20 years
they're still where they were right they
haven't gone anywhere all right
so Biden's new campaign slogan the
slogan is build back better build back
better Biden says build back better what
do you think of that build back better
on one hand it's sort of catchy because
you you are encouraged to repeat it in
your head
build back better it's got a lot of bees
in it I didn't build back better it's
not parts good but I don't find it easy
to remember build back better I feel as
if there will be a point where he won't
remember his own slogan whereas make
America great again
you tried to hear that once and you'll
remember him forever
right so let me give you a writing a
writing tip listen to the percussion of
these two things make America great
again
just listen to the percussion imagine
that it was an instrument make America
great again now listen to build back
better one of them is more musical right
if you had to listen to something
forever you know only one slogan and it
just had to play forever would you
rather hear built back better build back
better would you rather hear make
America great again this is a big
difference so I would say the build back
better was probably designed by a
political operative and not an expert on
persuasion so that so that you know if
this had been designed by let's say you
know a Jill Dini or somebody with that
kind of level of knowledge of persuasion
it
look like this this is sort of a tell
for a political slogan as opposed to the
President Trump who is the Brander
himself and sousou's he got a whole
different level of goodness in his
slogan because he knows how to do that
alright I didn't hear anything about
nuclear energy from Biden so that would
be interesting to hear him hear him
answer to that and I guess Biden says
he's taking it or at least Lisa's
reported he took a firm tone they say
towards China and he wants aggressive
trade enforcement actions that sort of
sounds like nothing doesn't it it's kind
of come down to this it seems that the
Republicans are and this is just a
relative thing right relatively open to
working with Russia but tough on China
the Biden proposition seems to be not
open to working with Russia but very
friendly to China so it's almost as if
our election has become do you pick
China or Russia yeah you could ignore
the candidates you can ignore the
candidates and say which world do you
want to live in the one where were nice
to China and China abuses us as they
have or the one in which were nice to
Russia and maybe and they try to abuse
us the way they have so you've got two
choices there that don't feel domestic
and he wants to put a bunch of money
into building and investing in bond
America etc pretty ordinary stuff all
right
at this point it seems that the Biden
the Biden campaign is getting more
complicated there's some more meat on
the bones but it also should doom Biden
because one advantage that Biden has had
it's a pretty big advantage is that
until he said what his own policies are
with some detail as is coming out now
until that happened he didn't have to
talk about anything complicated let me
ask you this so part of his campaign is
putting money into 5g artificial
intelligence electric vehicles and five
chief into research research mostly I
guess now if Biden were to take a
question on 5g how would that go right
if Biden were to take a question on
nuclear energy and his plan for that or
the climate how would that go just
consider then now Biden has a whole new
bunch of new information he has to speak
to if anybody ever gets to ask a
question so his complexity is just going
through the roof while his capability
continues to plunge as we see so I think
he's getting an increasingly dangerous
territory and we'll see if that works
out for him now the president said
recently that he had taken a cognitive
test and everybody was surprised he did
so well what well what's up with that
but what was missing in the story is the
timing of it I think the president was
talking about when he took the test a
while ago but the way it was reported
they because he didn't talk about the
timing of when it happened he they
reported it as if it happened recently I
don't know if that did happen recently I
don't know if it did so when he's
fact-checking of that
build bigger basement somebody says yeah
baseman Biden is gonna build back better
now the word back is not exactly a good
word to have in your slogan because back
literally suggests going backwards so I
don't think anybody likes it back but
what's interesting think of the think of
this load and slogan build back better
does your brain see the word black
instead of back build back so you're in
the middle of this black lives matter
you know protests so your brain has been
primed for black lives matter or black
black black black black black
so you're praying for that now there you
hear the slogan build back better that
back ends up in your brain turning at
the black I don't know if that's I don't
know if that works in their favor
against them
actually I'm just pointing it out that
your brain will make that translation so
if it was if it was intentional I don't
kind of clever if it's a if they've
somehow calculated that that will be a
plausible but here's something that it
feels to me is true I believe that Biden
is very clearly saying that his future
lies with the Hispanic community it
feels like the Democrats have chosen the
Hispanic community as being a higher
priority to them politically than the
black community do you know why that is
because they already have the black vote
they don't have to do anything for the
black community nothing in fact did by
didn't even suggest anything for the
black community I don't maybe he did I
don't remember saying it you probably
did I just don't remember seeing it so
it wasn't featured obviously so you see
President Trump you know talking about
black employment you know when it was a
few months ago when it was good and you
see him
during the opportunity zones and the
jail the prison reform is cetera and you
so you see you see that Trump is
literally doing things for the black
community then you see Kanye saying that
he would run as a Republican if she ran
now if he doesn't run he still sort of
moves votes a little bit just because
his influence moves things so it started
to look like and I said this I don't
like five years ago I think I've said
this the first time that the black
community is the most natural ally with
Republicans because Republicans have a
let's say a system in a way of thinking
of things that the black community would
just fold into easily here's what I mean
the black community is religious the
conservative community also religious so
they start with that same religious base
there's a lot there are a lot more
conservative black citizens than then
you hear about so you got that going for
you
but more importantly it looks like the
Democrat plan is to give citizenship to
Biden says 11 million people in this
country now I don't I'm not giving you
my opinion whether this is good or bad I
have I'm not sure I even have complete
opinions on the whole immigration stuff
I'm just describing it seems that the
Democrats have decided that their
primary focus is going to be the
Hispanic community if you were if you
were a Democrat and you were black
how would you feel about being demoted
in your own party because it's gonna
feel like that it feels like yeah yeah
the black community problems are
important but we're going to bring in 11
million Hispanic voters are those 11
million Hispanic voters going to vote
for more things for black people or
maybe more things for themselves for
example what
the president was signing on his
executive order it was for the Hispanic
community if you add 11 million more
Hispanic of voters are you likely to get
more good things for the black public or
more good things for this banning public
kind of obvious right so there's there
seems to be a power shift on the
Democrat side toward the Hispanic power
base the black Democrats are a little
bit abandoned and the Republicans are
saying you know we got a lot in common
we're pretty proud of bringing down the
employment rate and by the way
Republicans think you should have good
schools how about that Republicans are
for school choice Biden wants to get rid
of that Biden wants to get rid of school
choice let me tell you two things that
black lives matter are not in favor of
you ready when I say black lives matter
I don't mean the the few organizers I
mean the people who would consider
themselves members who were also black
here are a few things they're not super
enthusiastic about and you can you can
find this out yourself just talk to
anybody in black lives matter and ask
who is also black don't talk to a white
person who is supporting black lives
matter talk to a black citizen who is in
black lives matter and privately asked
these two questions what do you think of
unrestricted immigration what will the
black lives matter a person it was just
a member of black lives matter say about
unrestricted immigration don't love it
nah big fans right they may not come out
against it but they're not big fans
because it sort of works against their
interests it creates more competition
what about charter schools and just
school choice what do you think they'd
say about that
I didn't like it because if you don't
fix schools you're basically doomed
there's nothing else there's nothing you
can do after that that makes a big
difference you gotta fix schools that's
where all the big improvements could be
and the Democrats want to reduce those
options so I feel like they're they're
sort of a trend building where the you
know the Republicans just have a better
package we'll see we shall see I'm going
to predict that the president Trump will
get more of the black vote than the
experts assume and I think it's going to
because those two issues are pretty big
ones
and I don't think that the black
community will completely trust their
own team when they see a different power
base emerging so that's what I got for
you today and I will talk to you
tomorrow