everybody let me adjust myself
here soon as I got my comments up we're
going to have the show of shows while
the all the lazy podcasters are sleeping
in not only that but the lazy audience
sleeping in sleeping in today but not
you darn it you're here when you should
be watching the best thing
ever dude
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization 2025
Edition happy New Year if you'd like to
take this New Year up to levels of
enjoyment that you can barely even
understand with your tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cup or marar
glass of tank chel Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes the whole
year better it's called the simultaneous
Sip and darn it it's going to happen
right now
go well it's the first day of my
attempted no cursing I've tried this
before with total failure
but I'm going to try again a year with
no substantial
cursing we'll see if I can do
it well
surprisingly there are stories I thought
it'd be such a slow news day that be
nothing to talk about they're not all
good stories we'll get to
that um so you know how the science
always shows that conservatives have
more of an ick Factor they get gross
down at things and that's what makes
them conservatives have you ever heard
that I I've been hearing that
research my whole adult
life a new study says that the thing
that makes conservatives conservative is
they get icked out easier than other
people well according to sa post and
Eric Dolan's writing uh that doesn't
hold up the the science doesn't support
it that that was all fake or
it should be noted it could be real but
the new studies don't find it so the new
studies are debunking the old studies
but I suppose it's just as likely that
the old studies were right and the new
ones are
wrong basically a lot of science is a
coin flip the the difference between we
did a scientific study and we flipped a
coin there's none there's no difference
because studies just in general it
wouldn't wouldn't even matter what the
topic was studies tend to be inaccurate
and fake and not reproducible about half
of the time if it's half of the time and
you're not sure in advance which way
it's going to
go and you can do new studies later and
they're the opposite it's just a coin
flip it is so far away from being
science even it follows the scientific
process we
hope so I don't know if this is true or
not but maybe has nothing to do with the
ick factor and a lot to do with common
sense Common Sense
maybe all right well there's a new new
uh poll from Bloomberg the conference
board unusual whales onx is telling us
that uh Americans are the most bullish
on stocks they have ever been just ever
seriously ever 60% of us
respondents um they think stock prices
will rise over the coming year
well that's not really the the hardest
prediction is it because if things were
just basically the same next year as
they are this year inflation alone would
make would make the stock prices go up
because the companies would charge more
for the same product and you'd pay it
and you know then then the stock price
would start reflecting the larger dollar
amounts but it wouldn't be real it would
just be inflation so yes 60% of the US
made a pretty good prediction about the
stock prices but just saying that they
went up that could include
1% that could include 2% which would not
be very good because that would be below
below the inflation rate so yeah it's
pretty easy to say it's going to go up
60% seems about
right um 60% say it's going to go up not
not that it would go up
60% meanwhile California is acting all
rational so it's a big story The only
reason I'm going to tell you this story
is that as far as I can tell the
governor and the the the government the
government of the state is doing the
right thing
and I'm so surprised by it that I
thought I'd talk about
it every time you see somebody doing
something smart and logical and the
right thing you think oh that's weird
didn't expect that so here's what it is
California back in
2021 they passed the law that you could
build more homes on your single um your
single residence property so if you're
zoned for only one house in the in the
past you would only be able to have your
one house but because they wanted people
to build adus and in-law apartments and
make housing more affordable and more um
and more
frequent or more uh just more
available California said hey you can
build more than one one house on your
property up to four and the local cities
said no you can't they passed their own
ordinances to thwart the state and now
the
state has fought back and said no you do
not have the right to have these local
ordinances to thwart the state so the
new rule I guess is going to try to
override the states now the good news is
that they're allowing the free market to
do its thing the bad news is it took
them from 2021 till now to fix this so I
don't want to say what took you so long
because you can say that about
everything everything that's good took
too long but at least this shows the
right thinking the right thinking is let
the free market solve it so that's a
step in the right direction here's
another step in the right
direction um end wokness account on X
put together a list of the major
corporations that have already cancelled
Dei so in 2024 the following canceled
their Dei see if you can find I want you
see if you can find any pattern to these
companies so what pattern do you see why
why would it be these companies that
would be the first ones to do it ready
the companies are Ford Kors Lowe's
Nissan Boeing Toyota Walmart caterpillar
Craftsman John Deere Jack Daniels
Tractor Supply Black and Decker
Harley-Davidson and Indian
Motorcycles what what do they all have
in common
most of them all but one well the answer
is they're all masculine Brands they're
masculine brands that they would be the
ones you'd most likely imagine Med would
have the most interest in everything
from motorcycles to uh Power Tools to
cars and airplanes and and beer uh
Walmart's kind of an in between her but
and then Justin news is reporting that
the Idaho State Board of Education
uh just approve the ban on Dei and I
think Texas is also baned Dei so this uh
answers the question that I had which is
you know uh the the activist on this
who's getting the most success is Bobby
Starbuck um Robbie Starbuck but uh
Starbuck said he had a plan for the
order the order of attack uh an attack
just means which companies you you uh
approach and I didn't understand why
Costco wasn't necessarily toward the top
of the list I wondered what the criteria
was for deciding what order to try to
approach it and now I understand I think
I understand I don't know for sure it's
not confirmed but it would make perfect
sense to go after the the male oriented
Brands first because they would
obviously be the ones who would Buckle
first they would have the most risk the
most reward if you can get enough of the
male oriented Brands to say we're
getting out of this business not
everybody is going to notice they're all
male oriented Brands they're just going
to see whoa major corporations are
cancelling Dei at that point it might be
easier for the non-masculine brands to
make the move I I think the CEOs of
these particular companies most of them
at least 80% of them um probably are not
going to get a blowback from their main
customers their main customers are
probably going to say well it's about
time so so these would be the ones to
start with
smart meanwhile Argentina's
Mele um I guess he's an irand fan he's
going to some event which makes sense
free market kind of thing but here's a
free market thing he's doing he
announced that starting this year um the
in Argentina if uh anybody wants to hire
a new state
employee um you can only hire a new
person if you fire
three so you have to fire three existing
employees if you really really really
need this new employee otherwise you
just can't do it now what does that
sound like it sounds like Trump's plan
of uh regulations you remember in the
first term Trump said he would remove
REM if you wanted any new regulation you
had to remove I forget the number was it
three or 10 or something but he had to
remove a larger number of regulations to
add one and now M saying the same thing
with
hiring did that come from
Trump do do you think that this is the
Trump effect meaning that m is is just
borrowing Trump's technique which
apparently was a 10 so you had to get
rid of 10 to add one right that was
Trump's plan this
looks this looks like Trump
inspired so that whole Trump effect is
wild I mean it's really really pervasive
way more than I would have ever
predicted for sure so that's all good
news we'll see if that
works meanwhile and this is wild too
Bernie Sanders is going to um intr
introduce legislation according to Fox
News he's going to introduce
legislation that was inspired by
Trump so Trump said that we should do a
temporary um limit on credit cards of
10% so they can only only charge you 10%
not higher interest and Bernie Sanders
agrees with that now I think Bernie's
trying to make it permanent Trump wanted
it to be
temporary but
still uh so Bernie's sort of testing the
president to see if he would sign it so
he's introducing this legislation what
what if he does sign it I I suspect he
won't because Trump was saying temporary
which at least you could defend a little
bit in terms of the free market but
there is a free market question
here that seems to be opposite of what
Trump normally
does normally I'd expect Trump to say no
free market free market we can't be
messing with the private companies just
use a different credit card company if
you don't like the one you have and I'm
not sure why that doesn't work in this
case I I don't really understand why
that doesn't work but it at least
there's a prominent Republican and a
prominent Democrat or independent or
whatever Bernie is these days uh who
both
agree now it is anti- capitalist and
it's anti-free Market
to put a cap on a particular business
very anti-free
Market I don't know that I hate it
though because I'd have to hear the
argument the other way here's my
guess yeah my guess
is that there's some reason why the
rates are so high for some people there
must be some reason and I think it's
because the credit card companies are
absorbing
massive
fraud the the number of credit cards
that are being used let's see I think I
had to change my credit cards twice last
year like my major credit cards I had to
replace them two or three times might
have been three times just in one year
so My Own credit cards are just
massively stolen all the time you know
presumably from just public use it's not
like somebody's going through my
wallet so I feel like the whole credit
thing doesn't
work that the high prices might be an
indication that the business model
doesn't work at all there's just too
much fraud and they can't stop it so
we'll see it it doesn't make me super
happy but I'd like to hear more about it
I I could be convinced I could be
convinced about this Gap but I'm not
convinced right now well you probably
heard there's a tragic New Orleans
terror attack um the information is just
coming in because happened last night
uh in the French Quarter apparently in
New Orleans the only thing I know about
it and maybe you probably know more
about it than I do because last several
minutes the news was coming in I was
prepping for this so I may have missed a
little bit but you can fill me in in the
comments so watch the comments for newer
information than I have so my
understanding is it was a white pickup
truck plowed into the crowd in the
French Quarter so while they were
celebrating New Year's Eve killed at
least 10 and injured dozens and the
mayor described it as a terrorist attack
I think the police did and then the FBI
said well not so fast might not be a
terrorist
attack now there's a there's reporting
that I heard not confirmed because we're
still in the fog of War stage anything
you hear in the next several hours is
subject to update I would think but the
current not yet credible reporting and
remember it's not yet credible because
it's too soon whenever there's a big
event the
first the first 10 things you hear about
the big event four of them aren't going
to be true you just don't know which
four so so we're in that foggy
information stage but uh apparently he
slammed in and then had a some kind of
weapon and was firing at people and two
police officers were shot but there
still alive I guess and then the then
they return fire did they kill him I I
don't even have information oh he's been
taken oh so the latest report I had was
it it's unclear if the driver has been
taken into custody have they taken into
custody in the
last hour or
so um and then I saw another report that
said he got away and they were looking
for him but by
now oh he's dead did he die at the event
or did they die when they were looking
for
him see there there's your perfect
example the the the perfect
example is that they didn't know if the
suspect was on the run but he was shot
at the event I'm so I'm seeing in the
comments he was shot at the event which
would make sense because he was in a
shootout with police so yeah that's
usually how it ends police tried CPR on
him but couldn't bring him back
okay he's he's in custody but not moving
right killed in the shoot all right so
thanks for the update that that's this
works so well I I love the fact that you
can correct me in real
time the the model that we're seeing
here where you're correcting my facts in
real
time that's that's pretty impressive
like wouldn't you like to see that on
the regular news you know wouldn't you
like to see CNN reading the news then
Jake Tapper look up say oh I'm getting
getting a correction
here well maybe he knows what the real
story is and I don't so that would be
different
um so somebody said and let me give it I
need another fact check on this one
somebody said he's a Mexican
national that it was a Mexican uh and
somebody said there were explosives in
the truck so the things I don't know I
don't know if these are confirmed maybe
or maybe not explosives but they didn't
go off and maybe or maybe not use a
Mexican
national I don't know that they know
that yet so we'll just put a pin in that
and
say better wa for that better wa for
that now I saw I think it was Mike Flynn
who who was just flipping out at the uh
that's my own term um he was uh let's
say
angry at the fact that anybody was
calling this a non-terrorist event or
that it might be a non-terrorist event
if it's not a terrorist event what is
it what what do you call it what in the
world would you call it now
um so I guess we'll find out they found
an IED at the site but we don't know if
it's necessarily his great so there
might been there may have been two
separate potential attacks
[Music]
um we don't know if the ID was
functional all right now that
seems that seems a little odd doesn't it
these nonfunctional IEDs seems like
we've seen this before but I also don't
know that even if the IED story is true
so pretty much
everything pretty much everything that
we know about this is subject
revision all right I will tell you that
uh yesterday before this
happened uh I was posting on X that I
wouldn't go to any U Mass public
event now I I wouldn't have been afraid
of the truck I should have been but I
wouldn't have been afraid of the truck I
would have been afraid of going to a
mass public event in the age of um drone
swarm
I wouldn't be as worried about one drone
no matter what it did but a drone swarm
how hard would it be for the bad guys to
get 10 to 20 drones in the area over
some populated area it feels like it's
just such an obvious you know venue of
attack or Avenue of attack so I was
worried that we were we're in a world
where having any kind of Mass public
event is just is begging for a mass
casualty event and I personally would be
very hesitant about going to any Mass
Gathering really forever unless it's
indoors I suppose and even then but at
least it' be safer from the
drones so be careful when you go outside
well Ashley stclair is raising the alarm
that there's too much sensorship on X so
I don't know the details of this but
I'll tell you what I do know so
apparently reportedly a number of
accounts on X um have been deplatformed
or minimized or hidden or their their
blue check is taken away or they're
demonetized but basically PE people
being suppressed or kicked off or or um
made
invisible through a variety of actions
that would be different in each case
it's not like everybody did the same
thing and got kicked off for the same
reason um but as Ashley points out
uh this is how censorship starts on
every platform through every Avenue
throughout history they deplatform the
worst people because they're not going
to get any support and then they can
kind of work their way down if you're
quiet about it and just get you used to
the fact that things are getting getting
uh suppressed and you say to yourself
well they probably had a good reason for
that one and you don't worry about it
and then there's another one and then
you say to yourself well I don't know
the details but might have been a good
reason and then you're completely off
the rails by then this it's too late to
put it back in the the toothpaste back
in the tube and it becomes just fullon
censorship so given that accounts are
being
suspended for what is called without
reason I don't know that it's without
reason it might be that people don't
know the reasons which would be bad
enough but I don't know that it's
without reasons um somebody had a reason
it might not be a good one and people
are losing subscribers I mean so a
variety of things are allegedly
happening and I again I don't know if
it's really a variety of things
happening
uh all right so here's what I do know so
I responded that I need
examples because if you give me a
specific example then I would be able to
judge oh wait that wasn't about free
speech that was about some action that
was you know different than just free
speech now um I only know one example uh
Laura lumer just sent me a message um
because I asked this question just sent
me a message to tell me about her
situation so here's what I know about it
directly from one person whose account
is now being suppressed so Laura lummer
apparently in the process of doing doing
what she does which is talking about the
news um seems to have accidentally doxed
someone uh someone who is coming into
the administration Now by accidentally
doxed apparently what she did is point
to a public
document that was relevant to whatever
argument she was making about the person
but on that document apparently had his
home
address um that's that would be called
doxing if the reason that you if the
reason that you posted it was to show
somebody's address so that the trolls
could go after them that would
definitely be a behavior that you would
be canceled for so here's where it gets
complicated Laura apparently immediately
apologized because that wasn't the
purpose of showing the form the purpose
of showing the form was some other point
and just didn't notice that the address
was on there she later blurred the
address to
posted showing that her intention was
not to show the address further she says
she sincerely apologized because it was
just a mistake it's a bad mistake I
think You' agree it's a bad mistake to
make but it was she says a mistake now I
believe that I I believe that was
accidental if you look if you look at
the totality of it that sounds
accidental now should somebody be banned
for doxing
I think maybe yes because that's not
about Free Speech should somebody be
banned for accidentally
doxing well here's where we need to be
able to talk about it so I would say
that my the only thing I want to add to
this conversation is that there should
be some kind of an appeals process for
somebody like Laura lumer there should
be some formal place where not everybody
and not everybody but at least people
who who are taking a financial
hit imagine imagine her total financial
situation which I assume was
largely um xrated you know because you
get paid for how much um how much
involvement what do you call it uh how
much people are clicking and commenting
you get paid for that if you're a big
account so she probably had Fairly
substantial income you know by middle
class income standards was probably
pretty substantial and she lost it now I
think if somebody's losing
Revenue X has a responsibility to have
an appeals process ideally they'd have
an appeals process for everybody who
gets cancelled but maybe that's just not
doable because they cancel a lot of
trolls uh mean Bots and stuff like that
so I don't know what is practical but
it's definitely practical if you're
canceling somebody who's making a
living it if they've if they've taken
your offer you know the ex Elon Musk
offer is if you do these things on this
platform if you get a lot of Engagement
I will send you money if somebody signed
up and was operating in good faith under
that business model but just you know
had a a little problem that was
accidental I feel like they should get
their day in court if you know what I
mean and it should happen quickly
because money's on the line it's what
they do and if the X business model
encourages
engagement they really need
to have a a quick adjudication process
for the people who've got a lot of money
on the line a lot you know by their
living standards is what I mean so I
don't know all the details here but if
you saw more examples you might say to
yourself H these additional
examples they're all special cases they
might be now one of the the things
that's happening is that some of the
claims of censorship are not real um
apparently X claimed there was a glitch
that some kind of people who had blue
checks had them temporarily taken away
but and it affected quite a few people
but each of those people were a special
case and it was the same special case
you know different than you and me uh so
there was something about the way they
had the blue check through some other
organization or connected to some
organization
that that caus the glitch so those are
not real so keep in mind when you're
looking at this topic of censorship on X
however many of them are real situations
of
censorship there's going to be a bunch
of them that are not they're they're
just computer glitches that they're
going to fix in some cases it might be a
confusion over whether somebody did or
did not dock somebody but I think if you
dug down you'd find out there aren't
aren't too many that are just speech I'd
be surprised but we'll see and that's
why you need a
process well how bad is the government
well let's see three senior Department
of Justice officials apparently got
caught leaking sensitive and private
information to hurt Trump's reelection
chances and according to the George
account on
X um the Inspector General has
identified and found out that they did
in fact intentionally leak
things to hurt Trump's chances of
election so that's the Department of
Justice right the Department of
Justice was trying to take down a
president or potential
president wow so that that's real you
know the the Inspector General has
confirmed it we know names they have
documents that's confirmed Department of
Justice is crooked at least part of
it then uh Paul Sperry is reporting for
real clear politics or he's got an
article on there um about
mcabe so did you know that two days
after that um the then acting FBI
director um oh so right after mcy got
fired two days later the guy who
replaced them
put president Trump under criminal
investigation and and they reached out
to the author of the steel
dossier uh even though he had been fired
for misconduct and even though people
had looked at it before and didn't find
enough to investigate
Trump so they they went through the you
know they poured through the
non-credible stuff again after people
had seen it
once
and uh the people and according to Paul
sper prosecutors and investigators uh
interviewed by RCI said none of the uh
information made public should have been
enough to launch an FBI probe so in
other words mcabe knowing that there was
not enough to launch a probe
intentionally went after a source that
they knew was not credible so they had
something to say about why they were
going after the president
now I'm sure mcab has a a different
version of
that uh what does he
say he had some slightly different
version of that just so you know there's
always two sides to everything but it
sure looks exactly like what it looks
like it looks like Comey got fired mcabe
went for Revenge Peter stro was
anti-trump and that the entire operation
was nothing but going after Trump and
that uh they probably knew that the
steel dossier was garbage but they
needed it to justify their research so
they used it so I would say this is
pretty strong evidence that the FBI is
corrupt so now we got the doj is corrupt
again it's not every single person in it
of course and we've got the FBI is
corrupt allegedly but the allegations
look kind of solid to
me but at least the State Department is
clean that that'd be terrible could you
imagine if the Department of Justice was
crooked and the FBI was crooked and the
state department I mean imagine that
because we know the presidency was
crooked we we know Biden was crooked so
it'd be terrible if the
presidency Department of Justice the FBI
were all crooked but thank God the state
department is
not so Gabe commen for the DC examiner
says the state department is being
accused of in in a law lawsuit by
Watchdog of in illegally hiding internal
documents about a secret memo crafted to
unfairly link reports concerning
apparent gec censorship by Matt taibe
and by Gabe Kaminsky um to
Russia so in other words the state
department is has some memo allegedly
secret memo they they must know about it
because it's being it's being requested
so they must know it exists um and that
it unfairly links these two journalists
independent journalists to Russia so the
state department allegedly was running
an
OP to smear these two independent
reporters who were too close to the
truth okay so it's not so bad people so
far it's only the Department of Justice
that's corrupt the FBI is corrupt the
presidency of course was a criminal
organization and the state department is
apparently trying to frame citizens for
a good
reporting but it's not all
lost at least Congress is
honest I don't know if you can tell if
I'm kidding
sometimes do you remember I said that
every large organization is corrupt and
there's no way around it when any
organization reaches a certain size it's
pretty much guaranteed to be
corrupt we've seen it over and over and
over
[Music]
again
um and according to uh Aaron mate from
the
grone uh more about this Rush gate in
response to his foyer request freedom of
information uh the FBI released a
heavily redacted copy of what he asked
for about the how they opened the
investigation into Trump about potential
Russia
occlusion
and uh that the the factual basis for
the FBI taking the extraordinary step of
investigating Trump the factual basis
was
redacted entirely entirely redacted so
the most important thing is why did they
investigate the president did they have
good information or was it just
something they were doing to take him
out and instead of showing the good the
the good reasons they had for
investigating they redacted the whole
thing why I assume they're crooked I
assume I don't know that but I assume
they're crooked so there's another bad
FBI thing
well I continue to be amused by Democrat
leaning leading people leaning people
who criticize their own team and say you
know Trump got a few things right if you
hadn't noticed and uh Stephen A Smith is
one of the more entertaining ones and um
he uh he noted in a fury or is a fiery
or Fury monologue that he did uh on
video he said
that uh watching The Republic
Republicans debate the uh the big issue
about the foreign workers so you know
the Republican Party allegedly got split
on this debate
about you know how how many h-1bs should
be put in and whether it should be
reformed and all that so that really
happened it's it's true that there was
that debate do you remember my phrasing
of that my reframe so other people said
the same thing so I didn't invent this
but I said
I think I'm watching one of the most
extraordinarily positive things I've
ever seen which is people strongly
fighting but mostly
politely for a common good meaning that
people were trying to find something
that worked for the whole country they
weren't looking for just their own
personal gain so people had the right
intentions
and uh they fought it out
fairly and um I think we're pretty close
to we're a lot closer to having a you
know coherent
opinion
um so I said that that's more positive
than negative I said that the fact that
that fight could happen and that we
could shake hands and say all right
let's adjust forward or or at least the
president is watching so indeed as I
said Trump smartly waited until the dust
cleared and then he came down with you
know big one big foot on top of it
because he has the big foot um so to
speak and he just said here's what I
want now maybe you don't want it but
remember the argument is what did you
vote for remember the argument is
not not what your opinion is the
argument is what did you vote for and
Trump I think has always said he wanted
the the best people from other countries
but he didn't want just everybody coming
in and he kind of confirmed that that
might require changes to the current
system I don't think the current system
gives him what he wants but he probably
knows that so he waited in his opinion
and I think it quieted things down
because you could no longer argue hey
this is what we voted for because once
Trump told you what he wanted you'd kind
of have to say well I guess that's what
I voted for if if he didn't know what he
wanted it wasn't because he didn't say
it he's been consistent about that for a
long time so
Stephen A Smith made a big deal about
how Democrats don't allow internal
debate but when he watched Republicans
have a
public knockdown fight just you know
verbally and and he watched the
Republicans actually be happy about
their work I was I was completely happy
about my contribution to the
conversation and I didn't know much and
that I learned a bunch and many of you
learned a bunch that maybe you didn't
know about the weaknesses of the current
system we all got
smarter and I don't have any bad
feelings about anybody I had any
disagreements with do you did anybody
get any bad feelings I don't have any
did did I ever feel that I needed to ban
or block somebody because of that
conversation no if I blocked somebody
was just for being a jerk not because
they disagreed so to me which I said
publicly this is this is just a great
experience because there should be some
friction there should be some back and
forth we should play hard nobody says
you shouldn't play hard uh and we're all
we have the the right intention
everybody's trying to get the right
answer nobody's trying to get like the
devious answer oh if I can if I can
trick him if I can trick them I can get
a something over no no we all really
just wanted the right answer the one
that helps the economy the one that
helps the the American citizens the most
we just had different ideas how to get
there so Stephen A Smith was basically
praising Republicans for knowing how to
have a public debate without being
without being banned and he said the
Democrats just can't do it because
they're too they're too locked into
there's one right way to do everything I
love that I love that because he wasn't
agreeing with Republican
policy that would be a lot to ask he was
agreeing that the way the Republic
approached it was as good citizens with
good intentions and good
energy you know you can't get much
better than that that that kind of is
it's the
Pinnacle of preferred citizen
involvement it's it's tough to top that
this as good as it gets even if you
don't like the outcome the process is as
good as it gets so I'm glad he noticed
that maybe others will notice too
well Greg Gutfeld had a post the other
day that spurred me to make a post
related to it and he said that and I
loved his analogy here he said uh he was
talking about the fine people hoax being
waited to tell if somebody's in terminal
TDS situation he said in a post on X if
they still believe the fine people hoax
then they're no different than those
Japanese pilots on remote Islands who
had no idea that World War II ended uh
you cannot help them leave them behind
and I love the
analogy but the analogy is stronger than
just a clever way to think of it and I
wanted to give you a little persuasion
lesson if I could so here's what I
suggested about how to cure TDS because
and I believe for the first time we now
have all the tools there was always a
piece missing before and I I've been if
you've been watching me for a while you
know I've been pushing and pushing and
pushing to make sure that we had this
the tools to debunk that thing now
here's what I said If you're trying to
deprogram somebody from
TDS we now have all the parts to do it
part number one you have to get them to
believe one thing that they didn't
believe before and that's what the fine
people hoax does if you could get them
to believe that they had been fooled by
something that the entire media that
they watched said was true but even more
than that they allowed the president who
or Biden when he was running for office
to run on that claim that the F the fine
people HS claim they let him run on that
without fact checking
it now if you
can if you can show somebody the debunks
you could Point them to Snopes or you
could Point him to um on act the
American debunk all one word site has
the clean debunk of the of the thing so
you can always you can either look at it
on Snopes because that's left leaning or
you could look at it on American
debunk which has sort of a right leaning
bias but at least the uh the information
on it is accurate so it doesn't have all
the hoaxes that may have gone the other
direction but as far as I can tell it's
all accurate so once you've debunked the
fine people hoax as you've seen uh it
was instrumental in getting a number of
people
public figures to say wait a minute that
was a hoax if that was a hoax what else
was a hoax and then you soften them up
once they say what else was a
hoax the doors open then you hit him
with the uh top 50 hoaxes you could do
top 12 and it might even be stronger if
you do 12 instead of 50 there are
50 50 medialize SL hoaxes but if you
just kept it say top 12 or top 20
they're they're easier to defend because
some of them get into more more you know
opinion
territory but if you can convince them
that is the norm that their side only
doesn't happen on the Republican side
but their side only was one hoax after
another and they weren't the small ones
they were the biggest headline Stories
the biggest headline line stories were
complete
hoaxes and once somebody sees the whole
list and they've confirmed that the most
important one the find people hoax was
in fact the hoax then that gives them
the vision to see the rest of the
list until they know that one of the
most important I would say the most
important one on the list is fake
completely fake 100% fake until you know
that you can't even see the rest of the
list so that's that's your first
persuasion lesson is showing the list
didn't work until there was one thing
they knew for sure about that list that
was fake and then they could see the
rest of the list once they've seen the
list then you want to round it out with
these arguments point out that Biden is
the whole Biden is sharp as attack hoax
the immediate that the media admits they
did now the The hoax about Biden being
sharp as attack is special because it's
one that the med IIA admits they all got
wrong so you don't you don't have to
argue about whether it's true or false
the media says no we got this completely
wrong now obviously they're lying that
they didn't
know so most of the media is trying to
pretend they didn't know oh come on you
all knew you all
knew so that's a strong attack the Biden
is sharp as attack everybody knows that
was wrong now um then ask them the
following question
why is the administration so proud of
their peaceful transition to
Hiller if anything they said about him
about his Hitler Putin loving fascist
Tendencies if any of that was true any
of
it why would they do a peaceful transfer
of power and can you respect Democrats
who would peacefully transfer power to
Hiller now I said this on a post
somebody said nobody said he was
Hiller to which I
said it's all they've done it's all
they've done actually what I said was
well good point the real Hitler is dead
all they did is say he reminds of us of
Hitler and you should take that very
seriously that's the sort of thing they
did literally minutes before somebody
said nobody called him Hitler i' just
been watching uh
punchie what's his name the
actor what's punchy's real name daero
Punchy daero I was watching Punchy daero
say well you know it's it's exactly like
Hitler and you got to take that pretty
seriously it's all Hitler stuff just
minutes before somebody said nobody said
that nobody says like
Hitler anyway so you point out why are
they're so happy to give Hitler a
peaceful
transition um then then rounded out by
noting that Trump
won in large part because people noticed
the other the other hoaxes so certainly
The Joe Rogan Elon musks and you could
name several others didn't realize the
fine people hoax was a hoax until they
found out and then they became a lot
more open to what was really going
on so it's not an accident that Trump
won he won the the popular vote and it
had a lot to do with people breaking out
of the hoax
bubble now at that point you're done so
once you've said all those things do you
think it will change anybody's
mind not while you're standing there
there is zero chance that you can talk
somebody out of
TDS right while they're standing in
front of
you don't don't think there's any chance
however once you've reframed these
things and it's in their mind
just let it
marinate they will talk themselves out
of their old views because these are
really powerful um persuasion tricks
now um somebody said but Scott your
argument is based on logic and facts and
you always tell us that logic and facts
are not
persuasive so how do I square that that
I tell you that logic doesn't convince
anybody and then I gave you this whole
logical argument so how do you square
that that was a good question so I
thought it was worthy of an answer and
the answer is the logic is just the
rapper the real
persuasion is that all the smart people
saw before you
did the real persuasion is what Greg
geld said you don't want to be the last
Japanese soldier who doesn't know the
war is over now is that iic is that
logic that you don't want to be the last
Japanese soldier no that's not logic
that's telling you you don't want to be
the one that everybody knows is wrong
you don't want to be alone in your
wrongness you don't want to be the last
person in the world to find out this
important fact wow how embarrassing it
would be to be you wouldn't it imagine
being the last Soldier out of the cave
yeah you don't want to be that guy
so what this is is it's it sounds
logical on the surface because I say
these events happened this is debunked
blah blah blah but what is really doing
is getting you to the stronger point
that he won the he won the popular
election and he got all these high
visibility smart people on his side
because they figured out before you did
not you specifically but you the ones
who don't who don't know yet that they
figured it out and they're already
moving not only did they realize it but
they made real important changes in
their own lives and the risk profile and
things they said in public I mean they
took big chances that they didn't just
intellectually accept that they knew
something they changed what they were
doing and then you're sitting there
watching and saying I but I still think
Trump is bad once you see that the smart
people are all moving in the same
direction then what you're looking for
is herd
instinct you need the herd instinct to
pull the TDS people to safety Because
unless they see the herd moving they're
not going to move so first you have to
create a situation where a few people
move and then they say huh looks like a
few people moved but that's just a few
people and then you want to keep that up
oh well I guess a few more people moved
okay well now every day I hear somebody
moved seems like every day somebody's
moving and so you create this you want
to create the impression that the herd
is already on the move and you better
you better catch up to the herd and
that's purely purely non-logical
feelings biological you know at a
biological level you don't want to be
the one who stands out as not following
the herd that's dangerous so uh Greg was
um persuasion perfect and saying that
you know you don't want to be that last
Japanese soldier out of the cave that's
the
emotional right on point persuasion what
I gave you was The Logical stuff which
can get you to the point of thinking
that you're the last one the herd last
one following the
herd all right so try at home it'll be
fun uh meanwhile Trump said some stuff
on about climate change on Fox Business
I'm going to give him a little
persuasion tip so here's what Trump said
on I think to steuart vne and Fox
Business quote uh nobody's more into
climate than I am but this is a climate
hoax it's a hoax destroying our
country and then he went on to say quote
you have a thing called weather and you
go up and you go down the climate's
always been changing all right so that's
what he said so let me let me give him a
um persuasion grade first sentence
nobody's more into the climate than I am
perfect
perfect I I love that I I love that he
starts the first sentence is that he's
really into it now is that
true I don't know but if you don't say
that you're very into the
climate everything you say after that
will sound like you're not taking things
seriously so he starts with oh I'm
really into the climate so now you you
know he's taking the topic seriously and
then you can listen to the rest
so the first sentence is perfect you
should always do that first sentence and
it doesn't exactly make sense like what
do what does it really mean to be in
what does it mean to be into the climate
and what does it mean to be
competitively more into the climate than
other people that's just a perfect Trump
framing statement because it makes you
stop and think well I don't know how
would you know he's more into it what
does it even mean to be more into it we
don't know what that means but he
certainly seems to be showing attention
to the topic and that's what we're
looking for so the first sent is perfect
but and then he says but uh but it's a
climate
hoax it's a hoax destroying the country
that part's good it's a climate
hoax I don't like that I'll tell you
what what I like better in a second and
he said you've been having a thing
called weather and it goes up and down
that is a pure mistake
which is rare I I don't say that about
Trump very often that's a pure mistake
persuasion wise do you know why how many
of you know that it is a pure mistake
persuasion wise to say uh that the
weather goes up and down so climate
change is a natural variation the
problem with that is that everybody on
the left the people you would want to
persuade they they all the left will
will say wait a minute if you don't know
the difference between the weather and
the climate you can't be in the
conversation and they're right they're
right if you don't know the difference
between the climate and today's weather
and the fact that it's hard to forecast
the weather but it's a whole different
process in my opinion you can't do
either but it's a different process so
if you compare them you are you're
screaming at the top of your lungs I
don't understand the topic do you get
that everybody who has ever said to me
but Scott it's just the
weather the first thing I say oh you
haven't looked into the topic at all
because that's like first thing you know
if the depth of the topic is let's say a
100 the first step is to learn that
weather and climate should not be
treated the same it's the first step So
when you say that your opinion should be
ignored after that
if if you are a rational person
listening to somebody talk and the first
thing they say is clearly showing a lack
of understanding of anything on the
topic why would you listen to anything
else so this is a pure mistake pure
mistake now does Trump not know the
difference between climate and weather
he probably does know the difference but
but he often goes for the the simple you
know what's the simplest way to make the
case and I think he's just going for
Simplicity here and he knows that it
works on the base so by the way that
works perfectly on the base because
there are so many people who think it
makes sense it but it doesn't it's it's
a big tell that you don't know anything
about the topic
so here's what I would do
instead so you can make you can make his
point but here's how I do it persuasion
wise I would never conflate the weather
and the climate just keep just never say
that again never ever say that again
it's just a mistake but instead you
should say that the hoax part is the
absurdity of the climate
models you just go after the models and
say do you really think that they know
what the temperature will be in 80 years
does that does that sound like something
that they can do um you want to go after
the level of panic and say the Panic is
overdone because that will make people
feel good even if they disagree with
so but you can't say the Panic is
overdone if first you said that weather
and climate are basically the
same because nobody's going to listen to
you when you say that that the Panic is
is overdone if you don't even know the
topic by saying that climate and weather
are the same so that's so important and
you could also say that the the money
that the government is giving to all
this green stuff is probably unaudited
and we don't know where it's
going so if you were if you're trying to
convince somebody who's a you know a
climate afraid
person oh and then on top of that you'd
want to have at least one anecdote that
shows you know something about the topic
right so saying climate and weather are
the same shows you don't know the topic
but in addition you should add something
that shows you do know it and I would
add the simplest thing the he island
effect so so somebody who knows what
they're talking about should give Trump
the five minute lesson on the heat
island now what that is is there there
thermometers set up around the world to
measure temperature in theory you just
go back to those thermometers every year
and you say oh let's look the average
looks like it's up or it's down youd
think that that would be a good process
what you don't know is so those
thermometers were put outside of cities
so that the the heat from the concrete
doesn't artificially influence them but
then the city grew so the city got
closer to the thermometers over the
years until the cities were in fact
close enough to affect the
temperature now that means that we don't
actually have a history of temperature
that's
reliable because the thermometers have
have that problem with them now do you
think that's a problem well there's a
story that the Met Office in Great
Britain one of their thermometers uh uh
they have a continuous record of
temperatures since
1873 um but there's proof that it hasn't
been there that long so basically
there's one thermometer for sure that
had that they're using as data that they
can know for sure the data is fake if
somebody just made it up I don't know
but so if so if Trump knew one anecdote
of something that doesn't work it would
be very persuasive as long as it was a
true one because even the left doesn't
argue about the heat island effect what
they say is that they can adjust for it
how do you do
that how do you make up the past if you
don't know what it is how exactly do you
compensate for the fact that your
thermometers are not accurate and can't
be because of this
effect so uh summarizing never say
whether and climate the same that's a
big tell for not understanding the topic
do learn at least one thing I would do
the heat island thing is the one thing
you do understand and say that the hoax
part is the panic and the the
models and the models are based on the
input by things like temperature so
obviously the models are going to be
weird and then you could certainly say
that the government isn't spending the
money on the green stuff correctly
because both sides understand that to be
true
that they know the government's wasting
the money no matter even if they like
the general
direction and related to this according
to Ken Richards at the no trick Zone um
scientists say that over the last 40
years there's been a striking increase
in greenness attributed to the higher
CO2
fertilization um and maybe also land use
changes so the new study we don't know
if the new study is better than the old
study but the new one says we're getting
greener than we are getting Brown so the
good news is the green movement worked
because the world's a lot Greener so
Green Piece Green Piece should take a
bow because from the time that green
pieace was organized the world has
gotten Greener good
job not really the way you intended to
do it but by failing to change anything
important apparently it took care of
itself
so that's not about temperature that's
about Greening but one would assume that
if you have a lot more Greening it's
going to have a dampening effect on
temperature do you think the models
account for that probably
not at least not correctly all right I
did a deep dive on the Katherine herd
report about The Whistleblower CIA
whistleblower who suspects a foreign
directed energy weapon probably from
Russia was the source of her injuries
and so people ask me Scott Scott since
you think that this secret Russian
weapon is not real what do you think of
this whistleblower it's so compelling so
I did take the time to listen to it
completely because if you haven't
watched the entire video you don't have
the sense and I want to give you my take
so my take is as
follows the the person who's blaming
Russia for the weapon is a person who's
professional career involved blaming
Russia for stuff in other words her job
was to be on the other side of Russia it
was her specialty so somebody whose job
it is to say Russia is the bad guy in
every
situation and then suddenly they say
Russia is the bad guy how much
credibility should you put on that it's
their it's their whole career saying
Russia is the bad guy and then she says
Russia is the bad guy and that's does
that sound
credible it it's exactly like
Republicans blaming Democrats and
Democrats blaming
Republicans it's
um it's the least credible thing that
you could say now if somebody had
nothing to do with studying Russia had a
claim about Russia I'd say oh well I
mean you don't have any stake in the
fight so if you say it's Russia I'm
going to listen to the rest of what you
say but if somebody's job it is is to
blame
Russia blames
Russia the amount of credibility you
should put in that would be zero let me
give you an example if you hire a
Ghostbuster to come into your house and
and figure out what the suspicious
noises are from do you think the
Ghostbuster is going to find a ghost
that they can charge you for oh good I
found the ghost I've eliminated it uh
with my machines you don't understand
and so you should pay me yeah the ghost
Buster always finds a ghost the Russian
anti-russian guy always finds a Russian
behind every tree so if it were anyone
else it would be more credible than
somebody whose job it is to blame Russia
you with me so far now here's where I
need to make the distinction between
what is true which I don't know from
what is credible so I'm going to stick
to what sounds credible to to a
reasonable person
so no this is not credible coming from
that
Source Who who by the way are
professional Liars by
training
um next part of the claim was that it's
a worldwide event so there's a picture
of the globe and you could see that all
over the world there's these different
events now it's hard for me to
imagine what kind of play a random
attack all over the world would do
random you know smaller embassies
nothing
critical it doesn't really make sense as
a coordinated plan because it seems
random but what so the randomness of it
sort of gets away from the the Russia
part um because why would they do it all
over the in these random places what
what would be the point of that
and but you know that that doesn't that
doesn't mean it's not them there could
be some secret reason they're doing it I
don't know about but it's not uh it it
decreases The credibility to know that
it's happening all over the place in
most
changes in most cases it probably is um
a
Masseria so you can maintain the the
unknown of whether this one person was
attacked by a Russian weapon that might
be true it might be true but it's fair
very unlikely that all the other cases
around the world are also true it's far
more likely that whether or not one or
two or three of these are real it's far
more likely that no matter how many are
real that the bulk of them are just
people imagining it
right
now what about the fact that there's an
actual injury the apparently the doctors
confirm real injuries and she looks like
she has real B and I believe she's not
lying if she was lying about the
injuries I'd be amazed so if you were to
do a pet scan or a brain scan of a bunch
of randomly chosen people how many of
them would show some abnormality in the
brain that you didn't know
about I don't
know but it seems to me that some people
are just going to have ordinary
abnormalities and she said that she knew
the moment of the attack because she got
this piercing headache I think she heard
something maybe and there was some
vibration under her
feet so her experience of it was that
she felt the attack and then thereafter
she felt the health problems so if you
felt the attack that would be a better
argument that it was an attack right but
here's my
question if if you had a stroke or some
other mental uh brain defect you know
there's probably a variety of thing ways
your brain can
glitch what do you remember of it if
your brain is where the problem is what
happens to your memory of the moment it
came on and I'm going to give you an
analogy it's not a Perfect Analogy but
it's more to explain my point I was once
uh playing tennis years ago and all of a
sudden something that I imagine was
maybe a golf ball hit me in the back of
my calf muscle and just just took me
down and the first thing I did is I
looked backwards to see you know who the
bad person was who had shot me or driven
a a golfball at me I mean it definitely
wasn't a tennis ball because it was
whatever it was was hard and moving very
fast so it felt like I got shot in the
back of the leg and I I went down do you
know what it
was it was
nothing I had the experience of being
attacked but what it was is that a
tennis players often get this there
there's a specific muscle in the calf
muscle that fairly often snaps if you're
a tennis player but it doesn't snap
during your movement you're just
standing there usually it's like it got
weakened to the point where it's going
to go so you're just standing there
waiting for a serve and they're like G
and you feel like you've been
attacked now it's only because I could
look behind me and there was literally
nobody behind me that I knew I wasn't
attacked and then later I found oh you
had this problem and other people had
the same story so it was not an Achilles
it was just a it was just a muscle that
snaps and then you you just stay off it
for two months and it heals on itself
you don't even treat it it's just such a
it's just a very normal tennis player
accident or or problem
so is there an
equivalent for people who have brain
related organic problems like a stroke
like a I mean there probably a few other
things that are in that strokey category
so that I don't know I don't know but
it's easy to imagine that somebody could
have something sudden come on and they
would remember it that way now what
about the vibrating of her
feet I mean that's kind of weird the
feet are vibrating at the same you know
the floor is vibrating well about once a
day my phone vibrates in my pock pocket
and I reach in my pocket and I don't
have a phone in my pocket does that
happen to you I've had a phone vibrate
in my pocket even when I'm in the shower
and I'm not wearing any clothes at all
and I certainly don't have a phone it's
called a phantom the Phantom vibration
how many of you had that it's it's very
common if if you've heard if you've had
the real vibrating in your same pocket a
lot you'll hear it you'll feel it for
the rest of your life and it's it's so
distinct it it it's not it doesn't feel
like it's in your imagination it's
really clear
vibrating so you don't say to yourself
here's what you don't say you never say
to yourself did I feel a vibration no
you totally feel it it's 100% vibrating
so is is there anything that would be an
analog that could fit this could it be
that the building was getting some
construction and somebody was
jackhammering
uh about the same time and maybe she
just didn't notice it or wasn't standing
in that part of the
building so it could be something
else right so I did not see any sense so
I do believe the injuries are real and I
do believe that she's telling the truth
as she knows it there was there were no
signs in my in my incredible ability to
detect Liars I didn't see any tells I
saw no tells for intentional lying I saw
a lot of indication
that it might not be true or at least
not credible that's the only part I can
judge uh let's see what
else
um if the whole thing some said it's a
Russian scop so it wasn't so much about
injuring the individual people it was
about creating some some kind of feeling
in the psychology of the United States
to which I ask um why would you use a
secret Sonic weapon or energy weapon to
do your s
up if it were
Russia wouldn't Russia know that if that
these people would know they'd been
attacked if you did more than one so if
you went and you attacked a bunch of
people with the same weapon don't you
know that the United States would figure
out they'd been attacked with something
like that kind of
weapon and wouldn't you know that if
it's that kind of weapon that we we
could rule out you know
Estonia we could rule out Peru you're
going to basically look at Russia first
am I right you wouldn't even look at
China first you wouldn't expect China to
take that kind of risk but you might say
to yourself you know maybe Russia but
why would Russia do that it it would be
like trying to do a secret a secret uh
you know attack but you do the attack in
a way that you're the only one who would
do that kind of attack it's a little on
the nose isn't it it seems like Putin
would be the last person the last person
to do something that would be so
obviously tied to his his country it's
not like a bunch of other countries are
going to have an energy weapon and you
know and have a reason to use it so it
doesn't make sense from a Russia
perspective not that we know everything
Russia is up to but I don't see how it
works works as a scop all it does is all
it does is make America want to attack
Russia
more like why would Russia do an
OP that would make you want to attack
them that's the last thing they would
want
um but she also said that not only was
she an anti-russia kind of CIA operative
but that she was especially good at her
job and her theory is that because she
she was especially good at her job that
she was targeted oh I think she was
targeted at home wasn't she I I may have
the story wrong about where she was um
she said she was targeted at home so
that makes the vibrating part you know
different but unless there's
a unless the dryer was running in the
Next Room or something
and so here's here's my persuasion my
persuasion uh recommendation to
you if you're ever
injured you should say that the reason
that somebody tried to injure you is
because you were so effective at your
job that you were going to you you were
risk to a
superpower I'm so good at my job that a
superpower that Putin himself because
you know they wouldn't have done this
unless Putin ordered it would you agree
would you agree that there's no way if
it were a Russia weapon there's no way
that Putin would not know that they were
using it because it would be way too
risky to not have the boss approve it
so um yeah so that's a good story I'm so
good at my job that that Putin himself
had to order a hit on
me but the only way he knew how to kill
people is by using a weapon that would
be easily identified with
Russia do all those things seem true to
you and credible
that she's so good at her job that Putin
need to take her out but the only way he
knew to do it was to leave a complete
business card that it was Russia does
that make
sense that that's that's asking a
lot
um so anyway I'd like to see what brain
doctors say might be the other
possibility of what's happening in her
case because it does look like serious
medical problems so I'm not going to I'm
not making
light of what looks like serious medical
problems so I don't want to I don't want
to act like that's not a big deal it is
a big deal and I don't want to tell you
that I know what's behind these things I
I don't want to rule out a
weapon and I don't want to rule out
Russia but I would say the odds of a
weapon are much higher than the odds of
a weapon used by Russia because it just
I don't see how it could work in their
interest and it's just too reflexive to
blame Russia as soon as I hear Russia
being blamed of anything I automatically
go well 90% chance is not true right 90%
chance it's not
true so that's my take credibility is
zero um but that doesn't mean it's not
true it might be true there's just no
credibility to the way it's
told anyway in other news I been talking
about this a little bit uh Vigilant news
on
X um is talking about iveron and some uh
alleged
cures from Ian and uh so I weighed in
and said why do we never hear from the
person who got cured and then sure
enough somebody somebody chimed in and
said that she was cured of pancreatic
cancer and I thought wow but why don't
you give your name you're anonymous
that's kind of
sketchy and then um it was pointed out
to me that in her pinned post she does
she does show her identity and it links
to an article that goes into great
detail about her cancer
treatment which did not mention Ivor
meon she got chemo and
radiation so the story is that she was
cured by ivaan but the extensive story
of everything she did for her treatment
didn't have any irme in
it and here's what's missing her
doctors so if it's true so the the
claims are that there are
now let's say multiple claims of people
curing cancer with just icin or Fen
benzol which is similar to icin in terms
of treating worms but people say that
might
work so what are the
odds that there are canc cancer doctors
who have observed with their own eyes
their patients being cured of
incurable incurable cancers and and
fairly rapidly what are the odds that
the doctors would not want to talk about
that so here's what it would take to
convince me it's real I would need
multiple
cases I would to need I would need to
know that there was a cure that was
unrelated to the other treatments
because if the other treatment ments are
known to sometimes be curable or
Curative then you don't know anything so
I need to see the patient go public I'd
need to see them sit with their doctor
and I'd want to see somebody who knew to
ask the right questions let let's say
one of the doctor journalist types um
I'd want to see a doctor journalist say
all right you say that you cured by this
doctor was she cured of this yes if it's
yes
that would be pretty amazing
um so my my current take is that there's
no credible evidence that it
works there are lots of
signals there are lots of signals I'm
not your doctor so don't listen to me
when it comes to medical stuff but I'm
just trying to give you a way to look at
it to be credible you would have
multiple cases you'd have
cures and you would have multiple
doctors from different places saying yep
saw it with my own eyes and I've never
once seen this cured this is the only
time I've ever seen it so it must be the
icton if you don't see that and keep in
mind that everybody would have a reason
to tell you it
worked anybody who saw this work would
not just have a reason it' be the best
reason ever it would be the most
important thing that's happening in the
world and there's no doctor talking
about it
there are doctors talking about it but
they're not sitting with a patient in
front of somebody to ask the right
questions saying all right ask any
question you want we're pretty sure this
worked if you don't see
that you should take that into your
consideration and there there are claims
that I can't you know I'm not a doctor
so I can't say for sure but there are
claims of injury from people who took
the icton or the other thing and only
that in some cases may have overdosed or
taken it too long but there are side
effects you know we talk about ivin
being so well tolerated that's true it's
well
tolerated but if somebody's thinks
they're going to cure their cancer they
might double up on it if you know what I
mean if somebody says there there are no
side effects and it might save your life
are you going to go with a minimum
dose who would I think you'd probably
say well I could do a little more than
the
minimum so there are reports that people
may have delayed regular treatment
because they're trying that
first
um oh yeah just just to be clear I'm not
saying it's outside the realm of
possibility I'm saying there's no
credible report of
it so remember whenever I say
something's not credible I'm not saying
it didn't happen I'm saying it's very
suspicious that something this important
which would have this many witnesses
we've never had a clean conversation
with the doctor the patient and somebody
who could ask the right questions and
you'd want more than one of those you
you'd want several and then then then
you've got my interest then you've got
my interest but no nothing in that
domain looks um credible
yet um this is thing according to Liz
hefin and remix um the Russian foreign
minister has rejected Trump's proposed
peace plan for Russia and Ukraine which
has not been
announced but it got
leaked so the alleged leaked plan is
that Trump was floating the idea that uh
NATO would be um not part of Ukraine for
20
years so that uh no nato in Ukraine for
at least 20 years but they would want to
station some British and European
peacekeepers in Ukraine just to keep
things peaceful now
um so I think is lavro the foreign
minister said you know it's non-starter
can't do it blah blah now the first
thing you should know is that when
somebody like Trump makes a first offer
nobody in the world expects that the
first offer will be aced CED as is so it
doesn't really mean anything that he
rejected it next thing you know is that
the Russians are going to reject any
first offer why would they do that
because everybody does everybody rejects
the first offer nobody even takes it
seriously now is this the first
offer it's not it's a
leak so now he's created a situation by
responding to the
leak in which he's he's put Trump in a
position of negotiating with
himself which would be the classic
negotiating mistake so here's what lavro
is trying to set up now maybe
intentionally maybe not but here's what
it would look
like there's a leaked offer and then
lavro says nope no way 100% no don't
even give us that leaked offer you
better do better so then what lavro
would like is that before he sees the
first offer because remember it's just a
leak they've already improved on the
offer so that the first offer is better
than the leak that's what lav would like
that would be a
mistake because if Trump responded to
his his rejection of the leak it would
be as
if lavro were asking him to negotiate
with himself which is to make an offer
that is rejected and then make a better
offer
you never do that if you're negotiating
what you do is you make your offer and
you say all right respond to it with a
with a better
offer and then you say all right I don't
accept the better offer but we're
getting closer maybe I'll give up a
little bit can you give up a little bit
more and then you move toward the middle
and you find something that works so
this will be an interesting thing to
observe because if Trump really really
wanted that to be his first offer now it
can't be
if he wants to be true to negotiating
principles he's going to have to just
make that offer and he's going to have
to make them turn it down you know as
part of a formal offer and then he's
going to say well you're going to have
to
counter we so we'll see if he plays it
clean I think he will it would be a big
mistake to respond to the rejection of
the leak don't do that that's weak
that's bad for
um however I would like to say that the
idea of putting a 20-year limit on it is
frankly
genius yeah do you know why I say it's
genius because I I recommend this all
the
time so let me tell you where I've
recommended
it so when I've talked in the past about
North Korea and South Korea and North
Korea thinks it should you know own
South Korea and as some on some level
the Koreans all think that maybe they
should be the same country in the future
but nobody thinks it can happen
fast so what I suggested to make peace
with North and South Korea is that you
make a deal that says in a hundred years
or pick a time in 100 years we will
definitely be one country and we're
going to work toward it for a 100
years and everything we do will be you
know in that in that mode so that would
allow Kim Jong-un you know to be to have
passed the long and maybe his kids have
already grown and died so his family
would be able to set them up
financially get some kind of you know
government deal that they're not haunted
if they ever become one country and you
would say to yourself well we definitely
can't do it today but if we're moving
toward it why would we fight it would
make more sense just to wait so then Kim
Jong-un could claim that he had unified
Korea
and maybe that's even true it's just
that there would be a timeline before it
happened so from a negotiating
perspective here's the trick if you know
you can't get a deal today see if you
can tell somebody well we'll definitely
make this happen you know but you got to
wait or in the case of trump uh is
something they don't want to happen so
you say it definitely won't happen for
at least 20 years because so much will
happen in the next 20 years I mean is
Putin still going to be in charge in 20
years I don't know I mean he'd be in his
late 80s mid
80s um so I don't
know late 80s I think you'd be um so it
was a smart smart
offer and it does suggest that there's
um plenty to work with so I I think he's
going to get it done we don't know what
it'll look like yet according to
normal uh there was a study that says
that patients are less likely to have
thoughts of ending their own lives if
they
used
marijuana so let's see they did a big
expensive study to see if people feel
better about their life when they're
high you know how they could have saved
a little
time you're G you know what you know
what I'm gonna say right no you don't
I'm G to trick you I usually say they
could have just asked me
and this case it's funnier but they
could have even done something easier
than that you know how they could have
found this out instead of doing a study
they should have just smoked some
joints see how they
felt trust
me you're you're definitely going to
think less about ending your life if
you're enjoying it at the
moment that's pretty straightforward
stuff if you're enjoying it at the
moment you're probably not thinking of
ending
it all right meanwhile according to
Washington Times the drug cartels are
now Mexico's fifth largest employer
175,000 people fifth largest
employer and I think that's misleading
because they own the governments as well
so you'd have to add the government
employees that should make them the the
largest employer in directly well
according to
uh Breitbart that's reporting on Blaze I
think the blaze did the reporting on
this um there's a study published in the
New England Journey Journal of Medicine
that some Bill Gates funded entity is
testing putting medicine or vaccinations
in
mosquitoes so they they put the drug in
the mosquitoes somehow and then the
mosquitoes bite you and you get
vaccinated feel comfortable with that
one how's that one feel oh I can't wait
I can't wait for the
mosquitoes the mosquito vaccination well
what could go wrong uh until somebody
weaponizes the mosquitoes to overdose
you with
fenel
um wow somebody named Carol Caroline
Delbert what a unfortunate last name
Delbert uh is writing for Popular
Mechanics that there's a battery that
will finally unlock massless energy
storage I don't know what the massless
part is about um oh massless that makes
sense so somebody figured
out these researchers that uh how to
make a structural battery now a
structural battery is one that can hold
weight so instead of having a car that's
a frame in an engine and then a separate
battery the frame would actually be the
battery and if you use the right
materials it might not be any or
substantially heavier than um the
regular frame that wasn't a battery so
if you can make the whole frame of your
car your battery you don't need to add a
battery because the car is the battery
so imagine what would happen to the
weight of the car if you could do late
white lightweight batteries that are
just built into the frame doing what the
frame of the car does
and they don't need to add a battery it
took about 10 seconds for somebody to
enter the chat and say what happens if
the battery goes bad if your entire car
is the battery what happens if the
battery fails do you have to trade in
the whole car sounds like it but it's
not that much worse than the situation
that we have so batteries the future is
batteries uh Dr John Campbell on Rumble
I'm so I know you're going to you're
going to point me toward all the experts
I've seen them all uh all the names I've
seen them all I've seen their work I've
see what they claim and uh it doesn't
change my
comments falling for the
propaganda all right can you tell me
what uh what big form of propaganda that
I use so this will be a test of your own
intelligence give me an example example
of what evidence from Big
Pharma that I used for my Ian opinion go
what what part of my opinion came from
Big
Pharma was it the part where I said
there's no evidence did Big Pharma tell
me that there's no evidence when there's
lots of
evidence no that didn't
happen as far as I know I have no input
whatsoever from Big Pharma I I don't
don't think it has anything to do with
anything big Pharma did not tell me it
doesn't
work I've never heard big Pharma say
that have you has big Pharma said it
doesn't work against cancer I've never
heard him say that if they're saying it
I'm I'm not aware of it so I looked into
it with just my own powers of
observation and it's very important that
you know the
distinction
between U not credible and not true the
not true part I don't know I don't know
if it's true I just know that if you're
convinced it's real you've been
convinced on very very bad information
or inadequate I won't say wrong but
inadequate so if that's enough
information for you then I would
say I don't know how you defend
it I don't know how you could possibly
defend
it so just find me all you have to do is
find me one person who's real who will
sit there with their doctor I'll even
I'll even ask the questions myself or
I'll I'll see if Dr Drew would talk to
him well how about this well I'll make
you a deal I'll make you a
deal uh keep me out of it because I'm
not a doctor but if Dr Drew was
presented with the opportunity to talk
to let's say one or more than one person
plus their doctor and not Anonymous to
say that this work work for me and
there's there's no it couldn't have been
anything
else I would definitely be influenced by
that but I haven't seen it right now you
might say but Scott what about this
doctor or that
doctor
nope I'm not going to be convinced by
somebody who tells me they talk to
somebody
else if if that's your standard if
that's your standard
the closest I got to finding somebody
who said they were cured is somebody who
would only talk to me by
chat so automatically I I don't have
full confidence in that they' only talk
to me by chat and again I didn't talk to
their doctor would the doctor say the
same thing I don't know all I know is
somebody I don't know said that
something good happened so the there are
reports if you're saying to me Scott
you're missing the
signals there there are
signals it's just that when you chase
them down they they turn into
dust so that's all I know all right I'm
losing my voice um so I think I'll end
the main show here I'm going to say just
a few words to the locals people I went
a little long today because nobody else
is
working well that's not
true all right locals I'm coming to you
privately in 30 seconds the rest of
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for