all right everybody's going to be on
their best behavior
[Music]
[Music]
today good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams best
time you'll ever have if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
historians will not even be able to
explain later all you need is a gupper
marker a glass of tanker CHS orstein a
canteen jug or flask of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now good
yeah excellent technolog is working
great thank you Paul and uh I'm just
going to say it I don't think that that
Joe Biden we've been seeing walking to
the helicopter it looks like Joe Biden
to me so I'm going to be in the camp
that says yeah the Biden body double has
been active um have you seen the one
that looks
tall so there's one that looks tall the
uh the sound is working uh must be the
trolls trolls may be complaining I just
saw the all the sound is
working anyway uh in my opinion that
does not look like Joe
Biden um however I could be wrong uh and
the one way I can be wrong is some of
the people are comparing his height to
Jill but where he's tall she's wearing
flats and where he's not as tall she's
wearing heels so maybe it's just an
illusion but even if you took Jill Biden
out of the scene so you couldn't see if
you couldn't see
um he still doesn't look like Joe Biden
to me I mean I I've seen him enough
times I know what he looks like doesn't
look like that so I have a question of
whether Biden is
alive and I'm not even 100% sure that we
saw Joe Biden when he did that address
probably because if it were a fake it
would have looked better I think I mean
you look like he was barely
capable but uh maybe so my guess is that
Biden has maybe you know an hour a day
that they can get him to do something if
they drug him just right but probably is
just incoherent most of the day is my
guess we would see a lot more of him if
he were coherent I think you would all
agree with that so I think it's obvious
that we don't know who's running the
country now now that's not hyperbole is
it I don't think that's hyperbole you
know sometimes you say oh we don't know
who's in charge of the country but you
you sort of really do but in this case
we actually genuinely no
exaggeration really don't know don't
know you know the the thinking is that
Jill Biden's in charge but probably not
you know I don't know what is the role
of Hunter I don't know but my guess is
that the the various departments are
just doing their thing like their little
dictators and then they check with the
boss every now and then and the boss
doesn't know anything but if Hunter says
I don't think you should be doing that
they say you're not the president and
then they go do it so I got a feeling
the government's sort of running itself
right now and probably not with much
risk which is the strangest thing about
it you know I feel like I I should be
worried about this but based on
everything that we've observed I just
don't know that Biden was ever that
important to anything H certainly when
he's not there it doesn't seem to make a
an obvious difference
so we'll see there's a study that says
uh uh eating strawberries can reduce
your risk of heart
disease and uh all kinds of good things
well I eat a strawberry every day
and uh I like this study um one of the
ways that you can tell whether a study
is reliable and I I think I've taught
you this before so a study you can tell
it's reliable if it agrees with what you
wanted it to
say I eat a strawberry every day what do
I want this science to tell me oh that
it's very healthy now let's see oh I
found a study that says it's very
healthy so do I believe that this study
is good science no of course
not it's probably put together by the
strawberry Association or something
usually these are so no you should not
believe that strawberries are good for
you because there's a study that says
they're good for
you but I like strawberries so I'm going
to believe
it there's another study that says uh
ion might have a surprising potential
against cancer the American Thinker has
big article in
that and so apparently there are several
different types of cancer that
anecdotally um iin looks like it might
have a some potential for but I don't
think we're at the gold
standard for studying that so I don't
think that's a fact but just in case
every morning I put a little icin on my
strawberries and I say maybe maybe no I
don't really eat ican on strawberries
but if it were delicious
I might give it a
try it can't be any worse than anything
else I
eat all right there's a study that says
by the way I have a theme for today the
theme is that all data is
wrong just in general now that's a theme
that is completely unbelievable to
normal people I know what you're
thinking it's not all wrong I mean some
of is right no it
isn't no it isn't it's all wrong all
data is wrong and it always has been do
you know who would agree with me
everybody who's ever had to collect data
for real
living they will all agree with me now
there aren't that many people in that
category but if you can find anybody who
whose job has been to collect data for
anything for science for politics for
business for anything and say is data
real their first answer might be of of
course it is because I know what the
right answer is but then they say okay
but when you were collecting data you
know when you could really see whether
the data was real because you were in
charge of collecting it was that data
real okay well you got me that data
wasn't real but I think the other data
is real the stuff I don't know about
that is called Gilman Amnesia people
that's where you assume that you know
the the other stuff you haven't looked
into is probably fine no it's not
no data is real no data is real all
science is motivated all business is
motivated and all politics politics is
motivated meaning that if the data
doesn't agree with the person who's
promoting it they're not going to
promote it so you only see things that
are match The Narrative of the person
giving it to you basically that's the
way we we
work so with that in mind unusual Wales
was reporting today on x that uh 2023
was the worst year for corporate
bankruptcies since the great financial
crisis and 2024 is looking even worse
all right so there's some data
bankruptcies are looking like they'll be
worse than ever
so so that means that the economy is
worse right or that whatever is driving
bankruptcies are
worse maybe but it could also be that
we've had a huge burst in
entrepreneurial AC ity what would a huge
burst in startups and new businesses
guarantee that you had a lot more
bankruptcies if you take more
chances you get more you know more
bankruptcies so is this telling us that
everything was normal and the only thing
that's changed is the bankruptcies which
would be pretty bad or is it misleading
because we don't know if it's matched
with an entrepreneurial
boost which we have heard about right
you've heard there's a lot more startups
and entrepreneurial things so maybe it's
actually a sign of good economic
health because if the startups were
let's say 10 times higher and the
bankruptcies were twice as high that
would be good
news because sort of I mean it's not
good news for the bankrupt but it' be
sort of good news for the economy
because it would say wow you know if all
those things worked but you know some of
these are worse than usual that would
make sense now I'm not saying that
that's the specific problem with these
bankruptcy numbers I'm just telling you
there's no data that's
real somebody collected it it doesn't
mean it's real doesn't mean it's right
it doesn't mean that the second person
who studied it would get the same number
data is not
real all right here's another one um on
the internet today there's this uh graph
showing that the uh the counties that
Biden won back in 2018 anyway their GDP
would have been 71% of the total GDP so
in other words the the Biden Democrat
dominated areas of the country have 71%
of all the money the
GDP that's not the wealth but that's
that's their economic activity let's say
now so uh what does that
mean does that mean that Democrats have
all the money and that Republicans are
not the the big money Fat Cats anymore
but the Democrats are the big money Fat
Cats maybe it might mean that it could
be um but far more likely is that the
data was collected in a dumbass
way the most likely explanation is that
the data is
useless for example if Apple
computer happen to have their
headquarters in one County you'd get
like all the Apple computer GDP wouldn't
you and it would just be in that one
County now it's also a very Democrat
so you could argue that it is telling
you something useful but I don't really
think this this seems like too much of a
confused piece of data because you got
you know the the places where Biden won
if you do if you only won by a little
bit
that would be called a win so that would
be like completely owning that County
but where they won by a lot would also
be counted as one
win I don't like anything about the data
so I don't know anything specifically
wrong with it but everything on the on
the surface looks like H I'm not sure
you can really tell I'll tell you what
would be useful if you just did the uh
the wealth of all voting Democrats
versus the wealth of of all voting
Republicans how much wealth do they have
not just income that would tell you
something that that would actually be
useful but by
County no I don't think
so all right uh Venezuela had something
they call an election and boy is this
going to be awkward for the United
States let's see if you can figure out
why this would be so awkward for the
United States here's what happened the
uh the so-called uh leader uh president
Nicholas Maduro I remember when people
were saying oh Venezuela is going to
have an election and I said what how can
Venezuela have an election they have a
dictator and people said no no skot
you're not up to date on this they're
going to have an
election and I said no they're not they
have a
dictator and then the smart people said
yeah that the really popular Challenger
she's aead the polls looks like she's
going to win and I said no she isn't
that's a
dictatorship so here's what happened it
looked like that Challenger was way
ahead in the polls it looked like there
was nothing that could possibly stop her
uh except uh some pole Watchers were
bullied away from
watching and allegedly some gang members
trucked in the whole bunch of uh ballots
or they stole a bunch of ballot boxes
and there were reports of massive
massive um election rigging which
unexpectedly took Maduro who I thought
was a dictator took him to a win isn't
that interesting so if you were to look
at the uh the charts it would look like
Maduro was way behind way behind way
behind and then toward late at night
Zoom he zoomed into the lead just barely
just enough lucky lucky guy lucky that
all the votes that came in later were
Pro Madura now I know what you couldna
say people people stop it stop it I'm
not an
idiot I know what's going on here don't
you yeah I think we all see what's going
on here what's going on is that the
Challenger is a big old liar and she's
claiming that this election was rigged
but actually she's probably an
insurrectionist if there's a protest
which I would call an Insurrection to
try to stop this totally fair and honest
election now why am I saying it's
totally fair and honest duh there's no
court in Venezuela that has founded is
not honest can can we agree on that no
court in Venezuela
has ruled that the election was rigged
so what's wrong with you what's wrong
with all of you insurrectionist doubters
I'm telling you the courts have not
ruled anything about that so obviously
it's fine obviously the election is good
and beyond
that I can assure you that Venezuela
assured us and its own citizens you
can't rig an election when everybody's
watching you can't do that people what
are you thinking do you think that they
could rig an election that was obviously
going to go one way late into the night
and then suddenly there's this weird
increase in votes you think they're
going to get away with that everybody
saw
it well I
mean if the courts don't rule that there
was a
problem and there no
challenges to it that the system
recognizes I would imagine that anybody
who tried to get this selection stopped
from certified you know if they tried to
block it from certification in
Venezuela I guess they would be
insurrectionist would they I guess
that's what we call them now you all see
how awkward this is right because
Venezuela just ran the blueprint of
everything that Republicans have
suspected about the US
election
exactly it's an exact duplicate of what
Republicans say happened in
2020 now do I know it's a duplicate
meaning do I know that the 2020 election
was rigged I
don't neither do the
Venezuelans
right the Venezuelans have a strong
suspicion but a sus I does not proof
where where's the uh where's the
evidence where's the video who's got the
video of these gangs allegedly stealing
these Bell boxes I haven't seen any have
you seen any
video has the media in Venezuela
reported you know their investigative
story because I don't know much about
Venezuela and much about the
dictatorship but I'm assuming that they
have a free and fair what that are you
telling me the media in Venezuela
wouldn't be completely independent and
objective well this is the first time
hearing this well now you're just
blowing my whole worldview I just assume
that the media would be uncovering any
kind of problems there are you telling
me that the media is controlled by the
dictator huh who could have seen that
coming
so while certainly there are differences
between Venezuela and the United States
your brain is going to have a hard time
making a difference because this is
going to look just like what people in
the United States
imagined correctly or incorrectly
happened in 2020 it's also what they're
going to be looking for to happen again
because there's widespread expectations
that the American election will go
exactly like this meaning that the
stealing will be so
obvious and they'll get away with it
again again why because our courts will
not find anything wrong with the
election it it doesn't it seem like the
that we're living in a simulation and
the simulation is just messing with us
at this
point I mean what are the odds that
Trump would get nicked by a bullet in
the
ear well what are the odds that the uh
Democratic candidate would be literally
like a a walking goat
that they tried to prop up but they
couldn't get away with
it what what are the odds that any of
this would be happening what are the
odds that uh kamla Harris widely
understood to be the worst candidate of
all candidates in the
world that she's the leading candidate
and there some of the polls are saying
she looks close looks like it's going be
neck and neck and uh other people have
noticed that Kam Harris one from the
least
popular least qualified person as vice
president to suddenly my God is she good
look at all of her accomplishments have
you seen the uh interviews on the street
there's a young man who stops young
people who look like they're old enough
to vote and says stuff like do you know
who's running for president and they
don't know and they've never heard of KL
Harris and they don't know who the vice
president of the United States is this
is our
youth they don't even know so
that's our
system
anyway it's going to be fun to watch how
that story is covered let me give you a
an idea how it might be handled so I
look for you know the usual suspects
when you know that there's a story
that's negative for Democrats there's
going to be a a handful of people who
who go first to try to redefine the
story well here's one uh Michael
McFall who um you you can Google him
yourself if you want to find out how
much of a Democrat he is but let's just
say he would be one of the people you'd
expect to go first and telling you how
to understand this so here's what he
says the situation in Venezuela right
now reminds me a lot of the elections in
Serbia in 2000 and Ukraine in
2004 blah blah
blah so
Michael McFall Democrat would like you
to be thinking about these uh
lesser lesser
developed less secure countries yeah if
you're thinking of
Venezuela the thing to compare it to
would be uh Serbia 2000 and Ukraine
2004 because you don't want to compare
it to the United States well that will
that be crazy no let's uh let's put our
attention in year 2000 and
2004 Serbia and Ukraine let's talk about
Serbia and
Ukraine but Michael uh it reminds a lot
of people of the United States and shut
up it's Serbia it's Ukraine Serbia and
Ukraine now we'll see if other people
pick up this Sur Ukraine thing so that
we can say thank God we don't have a
system like that in the United States
thank
god well there's a according to Springer
L link that I guess is some kind of
newsy
website uh there are something called uh
zombie election
monitors zombie election monitors now
that would be different from a an
election monitor who is Sincere and has
access to
observe and they say what honestly they
see that's not a zombie that's somebody
doing the job but it turns out that
worldwide there more zombies which are
people who simply pretend that they
watched but did not watch in other words
there are election
monitors who are organized and chosen
specifically to make sure you don't know
the election was stolen so their job is
to say everything looked fine to me uh
but did you see the gangs come in and
take away those big boxes of ballots no
no didn't see that did you see them
photocopying the ballots and running
them through a second time um no as a
matter of fact I didn't notice anything
like that so this election is clean
clean and unri so look out for the
zombie fake election monitors we
probably have some of
those anyway so the uh if you want to
know how good the brainwashing machine
is on the
Democrats here's a good
example so L Kam Harris's uh
favorability has increased dramatically
in one
week her
favorability increased dramatically in
one
week is that because of all the
accomplishments she had that week did
she have a really good week did she end
a war did she cure cancer no no all it
took all it took was the news to
collectively say she's the greatest
thing and everybody lie and her
popularity
zoomed so how much did it go up in one
week let say according to ABC News which
of course I would not trust whatsoever
as a news or polling entity but it said
uh 43% of Americans say they have a
favorable view of Harris it's an
eight-point jump from last
week do she had an eight-point jump in
popularity one a week now first of all I
don't believe the
poll second of
all if it's true it's a brainwashing
operation that would be how powerful the
brainwashing is that's really powerful
now one of the problems that I have when
I try to warn people that they live in a
brainwashing environment it's not
politics it's just brainwashing so the
best brainwashers win people don't
really understand how strong it is
people don't really know that you can
change the majority of American Minds in
an hour if you're doing the right
brainwashing so if you don't know how
easily Minds can be changed you're not
going to worry about
brainwashing if you know it can change
everything and quickly it's the only
thing you'd worry about because it is
the only thing that's a problem
everything else flows from
that so the uh the cont templation about
who KL Harris will pick as her running
mate should she get the nomination we
expect she will uh Mark Kelly is coming
out at the top of you a poorly
understood field of people that most
people have never heard of but uh so
he's a uh he's an older bald white
guy now here's my take America is
clearly ready for a black
president right right Obama was
President for two terms uh we're clearly
ready for a female
president uh I think uh Hillary Clinton
actually won the popular vote did she
not so we're we're ready for black we're
ready for uh any minority really we're
ready for female of
course um I think we're ready almost for
lgbtq probably not yet you know I still
think it'd be tough to win
lgbtq but we're close and I would say
you know if Richard grenell ran for
office someday you know the odds are
pretty good right you'd have a pretty
good shot so I think we're ready for
most of those things you know what we're
not ready for uh a bald white
guy bald black guy yes bald black guy
yes because that looks more like a look
but bald white guy I don't know if we're
ready for that and I'm not joking by the
way I I don't think it's a coincidence
that presidents have had basically
reasonably good hair forever when what
is it what percentage of the general
adult older population is missing
hair 40 50
60% and yet all of our presidents have
good
hair I think there's a reason for it I
think they got to be tall if they're
male they have to be tall and they have
to have good hair or at least
interesting hair like
Trump so we'll see then there's this
weird story about Mark Kelly has uh of
all things he has some kind of ownership
of a uh surveillance balloon company
that allegedly has some Chinese
investment in it which should raise some
eyebrows I don't know that that's a
problem I mean probably we're more
worried about it than we should but
certainly I would want to ask a lot of
questions before I could be comfortable
with that so we'll see I don't I don't
think Mark Kelly is going to be the
guy if I had to guess I'm just going to
guess against the bald
guy that's what I think
anyway um as you know Democrats have
been claiming that uh crime is down
under Joe Biden and what did I say when
I heard that crime was down under Joe
Biden I said No data is real it's all
made up and if you'd like to know how
they made it up here's how uh half of
the country doesn't even report their uh
crime numbers to the
FBI half of the country doesn't even
report so do you know what the FBI does
when they want to give you the uh
National Crime
numbers they report the ones they
have and then they estimate the others
now do you think it's more likely that
if crime went up you might be less
likely to report it in your city let's
say you're the mayor and you have the
power to report it or not report it
since apparently it's not a law that
requires it and your crime goes up are
you going to report it or are you going
to say you know maybe we'll skip this
year if it goes down next year maybe we
report it of course you don't no these
numbers on crime are completely useless
because the FBI has to guess on half of
them and they don't have any basis for
guessing this is the way the real world
Works folks if you think that people
collect data they find out it's accurate
and then they tell it to you that's
probably never happened ever it's just
not something that ever happens in the
real world all data is motivated all
data is estimates guessing
assumptions it's not
real so this is a especially good
example um and then what about the uh
stuff about the economy do you believe
anything about the
economy do you think that any news
coming from the administration that's in
charge and they said and that then that
Administration produces some numbers
that look good for the economy do you
think those are reasonable and reliable
no of course
not all the economic numbers are are
completely non- trustable during an
election year probably always but during
an election year it'd be absurd to
believe them and of course they do the
trick of where you start the the uh
calculation by the way this is how um
companies that manage your money let's
say they do Investments for you they're
kind of a fund this is how they do the
trick too so let's say you're a
investment fund and you've never made
money for your clients more than they
would have made if they just put it in
the market on their
own so what do you do if uh the market
in general is better than your fund you
don't do any advertising well you don't
do any advertising that says your record
but then because things go up and down
you have a good
month and you have this like one good
month because you had this one good
stock that went up well then you do some
advertising you say compareed to the
regular Market where we beat the regular
Market by 5% over the past year and it's
true it's just that they waited for the
one month they had a good year compared
to the average if you looked at five
years not so good which means that one
year was luck so if you can decide if
you have control over where you start
and end the analysis you can make
yourself look good or bad compared to
anything as long as both of them are in
flux all the time which is the case with
economic
stuff so don't believe any economic
stuff uh Molly Hemingway tells us that P
Buddha judge um has been lying about
illegal
immigration he said that uh it's gone
down
um at least the illegal immigration from
the northern triangle countries and
Mexico has gone down but in fact it's up
140% from Trump's time from 1.8 million
to 4.3 how can they say it goes down
when is going up by a
lot you can change the definitions of
what it means to be
illegal so they changed the definition
they said if we process you through the
legal doorway where you say you you are
an asylum seeker and we say we're not
sure but until we're sure you have a
legal right to stay in the country those
are called not
illegal so it's pretty it's it's pretty
easy to get the data to be anything you
want if you can change the definition of
words have you noticed that the
Democrats massively change the
definition of
words so that you don't know what's
going on what's that equity mean well
don't
ask imagine trying to tell Democrats
that all data is
fake all of
it who would believe that who would
believe that all data is fake nobody
really I'm the only person who believes
it in fact you don't believe it I'm
telling you it's true and you don't
believe it how can you ever convince
anybody that all data is made up it is
it's all made up all all the important
stuff things that are unimportant like
you know maybe the engineer is measuring
the tolerance of advice or something
that might be real but all the political
stuff
economics no that's not real
all right there's a report that Google
was suppressing searches for Trump
assassination and I mistakenly tested
mine and you know Trump came up right
away and I thought oh well looks like
it's not happening on my end but um I
was uh too sleepy when I did that
because the real test was about uh the
word
assassination and sure enough you can
type Trump assassin and it doesn't
autocomplete
so no I was wrong mine mine did not work
if you if you type in
trump it immediately autofills with
Trump it's just the assassination that's
the part it doesn't autofill now
Google's explanation was they said and I
quote there was no manual election taken
meaning they didn't do anything to
suppress Trump assassination as a search
our systems have protections against
autocomplete predictions associated with
political violence which were work as
intended prior to this horrific event
we're working on improvements to ensure
our systems are more up toate of course
autocomplete is just a tool to help
people save time and they can still
search for anything they want does any
that sound
real do you think it'd really like they
have to research this or do you think
they could just gohe and say oh if you
start typing assassination and is Trump
maybe you should surface this brand new
story that everybody's talked about for
a month
it doesn't look like it should be that
hard but apparently all the other
assassinations come up you know the
historical ones if you say assassination
it'll it'll autofill with all the other
people who have ever been assassinated
except
Trump I think that what's happening is
it's not about the assassination word
it's just anything that would be a story
that would be favorable to Trump so I
don't believe Google's explanation I
would consider it a probable
lie probable
lie well apparently the Democrats have
decided that they're going to use the
weird the word weird to describe I guess
uh JD Vance and
Trump now you might say to yourself
weird that's like such a weak
overused weird word and V ramaswami has
a similar idea he says uh this whole
their weird argument from the Democrats
is dumb and juvenile this is a
presidential election not a high school
prom queen contest it's also a tad
ironic coming from the party that
preaches diversity
inclusion win on policy if you can but
cut the crap
please
now I I guess I agree with what V says
that it's um Juvenile and you know you
should argue on
policies however I'm going to tell you
what you didn't expect this is probably
professional work remember when I
spotted
dark and they in the in the Clinton
Trump election as soon as they all said
Trump's speech is dark I said whoa whoa
whoa that's that's professional that's
not something that regular politicians
come up with that word makes you fear
without without any details oh it's dark
o everything bad is dark and then you
put all the the all the bad fear that
you have for the dark into Trump very
professional manipulation of Minds weird
is probably that
good and here's why if you're saying to
yourself but Scott I understand the dark
thing because even when I hear it like I
you feel it so I get what you said about
that but but weird is just an
overused kind of a nonuseful word
doesn't say anything here's what you
might not
know young women use that weird that
word a lot if you're talking to a young
woman about a topic that she's not
interested in and you say oh this or
that happened what is she going to say
while she's looking at her
phone looking at phone now that's
weird and then you tell a story about a
person who did a thing that isn't
usually done what is the what ises a
young woman with the phone say about
that person that's weird weird is the
universal
word that young women use for everything
that doesn't fit their
model and it's a good catchall for their
base it wouldn't work on the Democrat
side uh I'm sorry it wouldn't work on
the Republican side on the Republican
side what would work better would be
something about disgust
uh somebody is
disgusting somebody's sloppy so that the
kind of words that Trump would use
disgusting and sloppy because
Republicans are more uh geared toward
being
disgusted if if I said describe the
opening of the
Olympics and I said it to
Republicans would they say weird they
might because it's a common word but far
more likely I would think they would say
I'm disgusted by it I'm just
disgusted so if you're going to try to
influence Republicans you go for disgust
and I think there's science that backs
that by the way and if you go to
influence uh young female Democrats
weird is a good way to go so it's
actually very strong um and I've started
using the word weird to describe
whenever Democrats say that Trump is
going to steal your democracy and do you
know why I use the word weird
because it works on
Democrats I want them to feel weird when
they say he's going to steal your
democracy see if you say instead but
wait let us make a list here's the list
of things Trump wants here are the list
of things come con Harris wants all
right you can see from our two lists and
my logic that one of these sides is not
trying to steal democracy but maybe you
could argue that the Democrats
are nobody cares about your list nobody
cares about your logic or your policies
but if you say wait did you just say
that Trump is going to steal your
democracy that's weird you're
weird that actually can change their
minds because weird is the last thing
you want to hear if you're a young
woman men don't care so much men don't
mind being weird they're more likely to
go Rogue and buy a rifle and try to
shoot the president I mean men are
completely different but women do not
want to be weird and if they are being
weird they want to be weird in a popular
way so if you say to me but Scott they
they dyed their hair blue no that's
weird in a popular way that's weird in a
popular way says more about popular than
weird so they would say I'm just you
know expressing my feelings or whatever
there's nothing weird about that and
there isn't but it's just the word is
powerful on one side but not the other
all
right so apparently Biden is looking for
three reforms on the Supreme
Court um I'm not sure that uh that's a
reform but they want no immunity
for uh crimes that a former president
commits an
office and I wonder do you think that
Biden is still
alive do you believe that
Biden while he is someone accused of
lots of crimes in office
do you think that he wants to remove his
own
protection I don't to me this is proof
he's not the
president because I can't see anybody
who would say you know it' be a good
idea to work really really hard to make
me personally far more likely to go to
jail when I'm
85 it's just not something you do you
just say maybe the next Administration
can work on this but I'd like to have my
immunity once I retire so I think it's
evidence that Biden is not in charge
I can't imagine he would be in favor of
that uh because he would be in as much
the target as any other
president and then he wants term limits
for Supreme Court Justices I'm
open-minded on that one I'd like to hear
the arguments on that and uh binding
code of conduct for the Supreme Court
again it's all in the
details you know could there be a code
of conduct for the Supreme
Court I feel like the Supreme Court
should come up with that on their own
I don't feel like that should be imposed
upon them do you you know wouldn't you
be more comfortable if the people who
are supposed to be the standard bearers
for our constitutional system they're
the ones who should say you know what we
need a code of conduct so we're gonna
we're going to publish one and try to
stick to it and I feel like on some
level they probably do have that don't
they whether it's written down or
Unwritten but certainly they have
understood conduct that they consider
too far and you know what's allowable so
that seems like maybe that's
unnecessary anyway um Elon Musk is uh
reminding us of noncitizens coming into
the countries he's calling them illegals
I I have
also a little issue with using that word
now obviously they've done something
illegal but you know we don't call uh
you know if somebody got caught
shoplifting once and they're a citizen
we don't really call them illegals even
if they did something illegal once uh so
I don't love that word but it's not it's
I'm not going to make it a mission to
end it um so anyway a few things you
should probably know according to El
musk illegals in America get can get
bank loans mortgages insurances driver's
license free health care in California
and New York and instate College tuition
for not even so and then uh Elon says
what's the point of being a citizen if
an illegal gets all the benefits but
doesn't pay taxes or do jury duty well
that's not true if they have a job
they're going to pay taxes aren't
they do do illegal um employees not pay
taxes I thought they
did so I don't know if that's accurate
uh um but he was reminded that uh
sometimes they can vote so if you get
your driver's license depending where it
is you might get an option to get a
ballot doesn't mean it's legal to vote
but You' be given the
option all right here's an interesting
story um as you know people are calling
uh the mega Trump loving people a cult
now what's interesting about this is
that it doesn't fit the definition of
cult so what did they do did the
Democrats say oh well now that you point
out the definition of a cult I can see
that it doesn't fit specifically what
doesn't fit is a cult really really
needs to keep the cult away from other
information so that their world is just
whatever the cult leader tells
them but that's not the case with
Republicans Republicans see all the
mainstream reporting if only to know how
to counter it what they see at
all they're very aware of what both
sides of the argument are that is not
true on the other
side the Democrats are socially and or
you know functionally cut off from
really half of the argument and always
will be because they don't even want to
look at Fox News for two seconds I'm not
going to go look at Breitbart are you
crazy they would say but yet Republicans
are going to hear every story that's
important that came out of the
Washington Post or the New York Times
They don't trust those entities but they
certainly know what they're saying it
just doesn't work the other
way so I seen that Joe Navaro who's ex
FBI guy and he's written some
bestselling books on body language which
I've recommended so he's real good on
body language um if you want to look
into his books Joe Navaro uh and I've
recommended them in the past but he's
he's talking now uh I guess he did a
little video on this that he's making
the case for Cults being more about a
charismatic
leader so that would allow you to call
the magga people a cult because they
really really like
Trump do you see what's happening
here this is part of the brainwashing
industrial complex no I'm not saying
that Joe Navaro is connected to anybody
who's asking him to do this everybody
just knows what to do if they're on one
side
and if you happen to be an expert on
Cults you can be expected and you're
also let's say a Democrat you could be
expected that um people will want to
hear you say that Trump is a cult and
that the Democrats are
not
now the Democrats don't have a
charismatic leader at the moment they
did under Obama but they don't at the
moment uh but they do have a silo in in
what they have access to and so so
because they have a silo the news can
simply act like a leader and you know
the collective fake news and just tell
people what to believe and then they
believe it and they get their fake data
that they think is real and they get
their fake narratives that they think
are complete and they get their hoax
videos that they don't know or edited
and they live in this little artificial
completely fake World in which they
think that they're right and that the
other side are narcissists and criminals
and racists and maybe sexist do and the
only part they're true about is yeah
they are
sexist that part's true but uh not in a
way that necessarily should be a crime
against humanity they just like the fact
that men and women are
different and that they celebrate that
instead of run from it so that's a
little sexist according to the Democrats
but not necessarily a crime depending on
your point of
view so charismatic leader is a cult I
don't think
so um let's see let's check on my
hypothesis about what's happening so the
Atlantic which is allegedly a
publication but really is just a
propaganda
entity
um made the claim that according to
breit Bart who's busting him on this uh
that uh they're claiming that Trump will
end
elections so they're doing this fake
thing where I guess The Atlantics Brian
class
wrote um well it doesn't matter what he
wrote but the idea is that uh they took
Trump out of context saying that when he
talked to the Christian group that uh
the election was a mess and that if he
gets elected he'll fix it so you only
have to vote for him once and you'll
never have to vote again if you're a low
propensity voter you just have to get
this one thing done and then once he fix
his elections so that they're fair and
transparent then uh maybe you don't need
to vote again because that would be
fixed and everything will be fine after
that now they turned that into he's he's
going to end
democracy uh and you'll never get to
vote again now obviously he didn't say
that how do you know he didn't say that
the same way you can identify most of
the
hoaxes most of the hoaxes have the the
following quality would anybody say that
no if you can say would anybody say
that it's a hoax now I want to take a
minute to explain what I call
brainwashing versus what would just be
wrong you know bad information what
would be
lying which is not brainwashing and what
would be a conspiracy
theory which is not brainwashing
brainwashing is when you know what
you're doing you're the brainwasher you
know you're you're telling something
that isn't true true but it's so untrue
that the people looking at it don't even
need to do the research to know it's not
true let me give you an example did you
need to do research to know that the
president of the United States did not
in fact ever call neo-nazis find people
with a premeditated you know talk that
he he thought about before he gave it no
you don't have to research that that's
something that couldn't did happen in
any world do you have to research
whether or not the president of the
United States once speculated about the
benefit of injecting or drinking
bleach no you don't have to research
that no on the surface that's obviously
something that didn't happen do you have
to research that a bunch of unarmed
people tried to Stage an
Insurrection with some paperwork changes
about electoral college and apparently
no organized plan was ever for taking
over and when the
president uh had offered more security
and it was turned down ahead of the
event do you have to do a lot of
research to find out that wasn't an
Insurrection and it was just a protest
no you don't it's right there if you
just watch the
news you can see it with your own eyes
so brainwashing is telling you that
something you can see clearly and
obviously is not the
case now that's different from just
lying when they talk about the
economy that's just lying and it has the
effect of you know convincing people of
something that's not true but you
wouldn't
know necessarily that the economic
numbers were a
lie you don't need brainwashing for that
a simple lie that somebody doesn't check
would be sufficient that's not really
brainwashing that's just a lie that you
got away
with a conspiracy theory
let's say you see a lot of those on the
right those are not
brainwashing those are people who got
brainwashed so those people who believe
what they researched on their own
usually and maybe they want you to
believe it too but they're not trying to
brainwashing you their their intention
is they think they know the truth even
if they don't and they would like you to
know the truth too completely different
than
brainwashing how about just people who
don't have all the facts
and but they're sure about their opinion
and so they're trying to convince you of
their opinion but maybe they just didn't
have all the facts that's not
brainwashing that's just somebody who
didn't have the facts who's making an
argument you know basically what
everybody is every day so
brainwashing and the reason I used only
three examples in my brainwashing test
which is doing really well uh in terms
of uh popularity on X it's the idea is
you just take the three the fine people
hoax the drinking B Le hoax and the
January 6 Insurrection hoax they all
have the quality that you don't really
need to research them to know they're
not
true you have to be brainwashed to think
those things are true and the Democrats
are so that's
brainwashing and the summer hoax seems
to be about project
2025 yeah that's as Jay Richard said an
X it's uh it's basically it's the Russia
hoax for the year you know it's just
without the Russia
part and how do they get away with uh
saying something that's so easily
demonstrated to not be
true now could you tell that the 2025
thing is fake without doing research is
it obviously fake on the surface it is
not it is not obviously fake on the
surface it's just a claim of something
and you'd have to do the research to
know if it was true or not it's not like
did the president called neo-nazis Fine
people I don't have to research that of
course he didn't of course he
didn't but if somebody says there's a
document I haven't read and has a bunch
of uh policy things written by people
who used to work for
Trump do I know for sure that's not
Trump's
plan I don't really know I mean I'd have
to look into it it turns out it's not if
you look into it for one second if you
spend even a minute Googling it you will
find out it's not his plan and in fact
the fact Checkers even agree it's not
his plan so even their own fact Checkers
say it's not true but why will they
believe it and keep saying it the
Democrats is because they have demonized
the news on the other side to such a
degree that Democrats won't even sample
it imagine a Democrat flipping through
the channels and they hit Fox
News they're going to go and hit that
button as soon as possible to flip
through it because they're they're just
disgusted they've been trained to avoid
contact which doesn't happen the other
way by the way there I don't see a lot
of Republicans telling other Republicans
to avoid contact well some people tell
me that but I don't listen to
them anyway so that's new summer Oaks
and it only works because um one side
has demonized the other source of
information so that they won't look at
it and they'll never see a contrary
uh uh Elon had a response to Gavin Nome
something about professor suag and these
nuts well I missed that one so I guess
Elon had said something insulting to
Nome
anyway um there's a story that uh
China's got a special challenge with AI
over there because they have to make the
ai ai not tell people the truth so
they're Furious furiously trying to
program their AI so that it's not
intelligent now that doesn't even sound
real does
it now not intelligent specifically in
anything that's political or you know
maybe philosophical so they want that
part to just program their population
they don't want them finding out
anything that's not government approved
so how in the world could AI ever
work in China as well as it will work in
the United States now you know the
United States is doing the same thing
right they're programming it so it
doesn't agree with the Republicans
ever but I feel like there will at least
be competing AIS you know grock won't be
that way there's an unfiltered one
that's not that way so at least in the
United States you'll have access to one
that hasn't been programmed to brainwash
you whether you'll use it or not I don't
know but you'll have access to it
that'll be
different all
right
um hold
on so apparently the G20 that's the 20
industrialized countries that get
together now and then I think the daily
wire is reporting this they've agreed to
work
together to make the super rich pay
their
taxes that's the way the article is
written to make the super rich pay their
taxes okay that's just propaganda um but
sure they don't have a broad agreement
but the finance ministers from those
Nations they agreed toward working to
tax the super
rich and um so they're trying to
coordinate as a world government to tax
the super rich now when I say tax the
super rich I don't mean income but
rather they will tax their wealth so
it'll be something like pay 2% of your
total wealth every
year now do you know how many problems
that would
cause in order to pay
taxes you need
cash and even though rich people could
borrow it if they didn't have it
immediately um there's there going to be
a lot of situations where their money is
in Assets in a business what are they
going to do sell part of their business
to pay their taxes every year how much
cash does a rich person keep on
hand so let's say the rich people have
to uh get rid of their Investments to
pay so they have to sell some
stocks is that good don't the people who
own stocks sort of like the fact that
the rich people are buying them too
because that makes the stock go up in
value so here's what's wrong with this
philosophy I
think the rich people's money is not
sitting there doing
nothing the rich people are not using
every bit of their money to buy luxury
items when they're not using the money
it doesn't sit there in a bag in the
back room of their mansion it's
employed so it's either sitting in a
bank so that the bank and lend it out in
other words it's part of the reserves to
allow them to make loans or it's in the
stock market where it's supporting the
companies that um are the subject of
that stock so you would have to take the
money out of a productive places and
give it to the government for this plan
to work who is the best in the country
at employing
Capital if you had a billion dollars
that just magically became available
you said all right we can give this
billion dollars to let's see I'll give
it to Paul Graham or the all in pod guys
or I'll give it to Elon Musk okay that's
one option the people who are really
really good at employing Capital or you
could give it to the
government which one tells you the
country is going to be better off so
this this whole uh rich people bad they
must be punished it's just part of this
weird philosophical
IAL belief that you know success must be
punished and everybody's got to have the
same stuff in the end so and why are the
G20 even talking about American
taxes I've got a message to the
g19 the g19 would be all the questions
all the countries were not
America you guys will you leave us
the alone get out of our internal
politics stay away from our tax system
you guys are losers get the away
from our tax system no you G20
should not have anything to do with our
tax system I don't want to hear your
idea I don't want to hear how much it
makes sense I don't want to hear how
much your public likes it I don't want
to hear about anything from you
nothing we'll work it out I mean we
might do a good job on it we might do a
bad job but no you don't have any
control over tax
system
crazy Dr Jordan Peterson continues to be
fascinating and he says that people grow
up um they mature basically when they
get
married so he thinks it's better to get
married young because then you'll you
know you'll mature and become a more
complete Citizen and uh part of the
maturation process he points out is that
when you have something that's more
important than in yourself you become
almost immediately more
mature in other words you you know you
know that something this child is more
important than you and then you start
acting like you're not the most
important thing in the world and that's
sign of maturity and I would agree with
him on you know the basic outlines of
that
argument but I would like to add my own
provocative
hypothesis right now this is not based
on science but it has a let's say the
hypothesis is based on things we know to
be true and here's the
hypothesis that having children ages you
biologically I I agree with the fact it
makes you more mature and I'm not saying
that the physical aging is connected to
that mental maturity those those are
separate I'm saying that I think having
children ages you and here's
why I think that biologically we're
meant to have children that you know
we've we've evolved or we designed
however you want to do it um to the
point where having children is the most
basic impulse for a man or a woman
within a certain age range
especially and I think that when you
have children let's say you pump out
three or four of them that you feel your
work is
done that as long as you've created the
you know the extra people that if you
can get them to the point where they're
self- sustaining you know they've got
through their first 18 years and they
can get a job on their own that you feel
like you're
done and I feel like your body says
you're done
too and so and again there's no there's
no science to this it's just my
hypothesis based on observation and I
think that people who have not had
children will exercise more and try to
stay fit for having children so that
they can look like a better deal for
somebody who wants to have children so
part of it might be that the single
people know they have to up their game a
little bit to look like they're worthy
of having children and some of it might
be that biologically once you've had
children your body just says you've done
your job good job and now you may live
out the rest of your days and we don't
need you we're not being unkind you're
certainly contributed with your children
we love that good for the world good for
the population but you're job is kind of
winding down now and I wonder if that
ages you it's just a
hypothesis now I I think you would find
that people who had families live longer
than single
people um but that problem with the data
of course all day is wrong uh you're
going to get a lot of single people who
couldn't get married because they had
you know physical issues and people had
physical
issues which would translate to bad
health
are less likely to find a mate once have
a bunch of kids with them so you know
data is not going to tell you much about
this it would be all dirty
data all right there's a report I don't
know if it's true yet that Li leanza and
Austrian Airlines are both cancelling
all their flights to uh benu and
International Airport in Israel now some
people say uh what do they know that we
don't know is is there a preparation for
a war with Lebanon I think the United
States has already told Americans you
know it would be a good idea if you got
out Lebanon hey I've got a suggestion
for you no real reason but you might
want to consider booking a ticket out of
Lebanon and if I could give you some
advice maybe you want to get out of
Lebanon really quickly because Lebanon
might not be a good place to be in a few
days
well I've seen the experts talking about
how if Israel were to attack Hezbollah
and hezbollah's you know sent some
deadly Rockets especially recently they
never stop they're always sending
Rockets but they don't always get
through or they don't always kill
anybody but recently they did it was
pretty bad 12 people I think died the mo
the most recent numbers
and some people say that Israel couldn't
take that on because if they attack
Hezbollah it's way bigger than Gaza but
then the Palestinians might revolt and
the syrians might revolt and Iran would
get more involved and suddenly it would
be this giant Regional war that Israel
is not maybe equipped to
handle to which I say how can they not
have a
war war is
guaranteed war is just guaranteed I
don't know if it's today or tomorrow but
what country let another country build
up unlimited Rockets which they're
actively using to lob into their uh
population
centers if there's one thing I can
guarantee
you the people lobbing Rockets into
Israel's population centers are going to
get
killed they're going to be killed
there's no way around that the so Israel
is waiting for their best opportunity
they probably have to mop up some things
in in Gaza and get you know maybe better
control of so their their military
forces are more free or something but oh
yeah yeah there's no way that Hezbollah
is going to get away with this Hezbollah
is going down and it might be if you
want to get political about it a lot of
people who know more than I do about
Israel say that Netanyahu is popular
enough while they're at War but the
moment Gaza winds down there's no way he
can remain in office and he might have
legal problems if he leaves office and
blah blah blah
so there's a tremendous incentive some
observers would say for Netanyahu to
want to widen the war because it could
keep him in power now that's the cynical
view um I would say personally I don't
have a view of Netanyahu that says he
would plunge his his nation into war to
protect his
job I don't know I mean I I feel like
somebody like him you is so bought into
you know the
Israel uh the entire Israel story that
he's not going to destroy the country to
protect his career I'd love to think
that's just impossible for somebody in
that position who's going through what
he's gone through that's lived there
that's experienced you know experienced
all of this I think it's
impossible for somebody like that to
sell out the country I just think it's
impossible there there's just your brain
wouldn't allow you to do
it but I can't read minds so I don't
want to be making the mistake I always
tell people not to make I can't read his
mind but it sure would surprise me if if
he would put his
personal you know career at this point
especially if he would put that ahead of
the survival of his Nation I mean I
don't see it maybe anything's possible I
suppose but I don't see it so I think
that Israel taking out Hezbollah is
guaranteed it's just a matter of when
they choose to do it and whether the
United States is directly or indirectly
helping will be helping even if all it
is is financially or replacing their
weapons or something or giving them some
satellite support or whatever they need
but I don't think we'll send humans
in and I I'm also wondering at what
point we see the the Drone swarms
because it seems to me that Israel
should have access to drone swarms of
Their Own by now and can't they use
those to just put a ceiling over the
border on Lebanon so they can just see
every
single um what would it be a missile
launcher yeah it seems like you could
get enough just permanent drones over
that area that as soon as a missile
launcher you know uncloaks or they take
it out hiding that you just drop a
Grenade on it as soon as it happens like
within
seconds but you would need just a lot of
drones you know we're talking about I
don't know 10,000 in the air at the same
time but they could do it and if they
were to provoke a wider
War uh presumably the missiles would all
come out at about the same
time and then you take them out not that
it's easy I'm just saying there isn't
any way that Israel is going to put up
with Hezbollah in the long run there's
just no
way and I think that Israel also has to
make it clear that being a proxy for
Iran is always a death
sentence because otherwise Iran will
just keep making proxies you you got to
make them at least think about whether
you want to be an Iranian proxy if they
all die oh I think I'll be an Iranian
proxy well that gives you a life
expectancy of 10 minutes drone is coming
right now so that would be
uh maybe it would Tamp down on some of
those proxy activities I don't know we
shall see all right that's all I got for
you today thanks for joining um we'll
see if our Monday goes well I'm
expecting big things
today
uh here here's another idiot Scott not
knowing about people working under the
table is telling of his rich
what what do you think it is that I
don't
know did you did you read my
mind you read my mind to know what I
don't know that's pretty good that's
pretty
crazy
um all right I'm going to say hi um just
going to talk to the locals people
privately but those of you on Rumble and
x and YouTube thanks for joining I will
see you tomorrow
have a great
Monday
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e