uh
oh well we got a show
[Music]
today good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
there's never been a better time in your
life and if you'd like to enjoy this
experience at levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a CO marker
a glass of tanker chaler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite look and I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope am me of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous zp it
happens now go
Ah that's some good
sipping well Peter Navaro is getting
freed today is he already freed has
anybody heard from him yet I always
wonder about the day that you're
supposed to be freed from prison did did
they make it happen right
away because I always wonder do you wake
up in the morning and say oh today's
today's the day I go free and then you
you call the guard over and say today's
the day today's the day I go free
then the guard looks at you and
says that's after the shift that's at
5:00 you're like wait a minute today's
the day I go free I don't go like when I
wake up no sort of an end of day thing
you got you got to serve some more jail
today how's that
work somebody says he's already out it
seems like they would do a first thing
in the morning doesn't
it all right well we'll celebrate that
in a bit no we're going to celebrate now
with a sip of
coffee who's with me Peter Navaro sip of
coffee Peter if you're
watching glad you're out it's about
time stronger probably
go all right everything seems to be
going Trump's way directly and
indirectly seems like uh seems like God
has chosen him I don't know if that true
but it looks like
it do you know do you know how much how
many coincidences or events it takes
before somebody who doesn't even I'm not
even a believer but but even I think it
looks like God is chosen
Trump it's getting harder and harder to
deny at this
point all right he's he's out Peter Naro
is out anyway gold bar Bob New Jersey
Senator Bob Menendez he's found
guilty of taking money from uh some
Egyptian
people as as GRE
Greg Greg geld said last night on G geld
he said he sounded like a pyramid
scheme cuz he took money from Egyptians
oh anyway it's pretty funny uh but also
from a qari or their
government so here's the
question isn't it
lucky that there was just that one
criminal in Congress thank goodness we
got that one guy who's trading favors
for
money we we finally got that one
guy it makes me think he must have like
pissed off the intelligence service or
something he must have made somebody mad
who normally you know would just let
things go it's like we can make a can
make a some kind of an example on a gold
bar
Bob well there's an update on Biden's
brain uh apparently before Trump was uh
nearly assassinated he had a zoom call
with a bunch of moderate
Democrats and uh the call went like this
uh President Biden what do you plan to
do to resurrect your campaign and get it
going
again well anyway so something like that
so reportedly it was bad it was bad
really bad but here's what I don't
understand how was it that he looked
completely
coherent in the evening when he talked
about the assassination
attempt how did they drug him up or is
it just totally random cuz he looked
presidential but he couldn't do a zoom
call earlier that
day know this is all very
mysterious well so Biden is talking
about uh Supreme Court limits uh well
actually term
limits and I saw in their comments that
some people are saying that he can't do
it he doesn't have the authority and the
interesting thing would be if he tried
to Institute term
limits and there was a legal
objection and it got
appealed am I wrong that the Supreme
Court gets to decide on its own whether
it can have term limits because it will
decide whether the ruling was
constitutional or not do do we have the
Absurd situation where the Supreme Court
will vote on whether they get fired
now that'll be fun I I'm assuming
there'll be all kinds of legal analyses
that are Arcane and weird and don't seem
obvious but
uh unconfirmed Miracle
drugs what are we talking about
somebody's talking about uncon oh the
miracle drugs to get uh get Biden to
talk okay I'm on
all right rasmuson has a uh poll on what
people think of the shooters motives 40%
of likely voters think it's uh he's just
you know mentally
ill but 41% believe it was mainly caused
by uh the the Democrats basically the
the rhetoric against Trump so 41% of the
country believes that the way Biden and
the Democrats were talking caused an
assassination
attempt and I've got a feeling that some
of those 40% who just think it's mental
illness did they think do they think
Trump was chosen randomly if your
opinion was that the reason for the
shooting was mental illness do you think
he randomly chose the
president or randomly from mental
illness now mental illness or not he he
picked a specific spefic person and the
hardest one to get so it had to be a
little bit about something about Trump
and how would a 20-year-old know
anything about
Trump their opinions are assigned by the
media these are assigned opinions so I
would say that the 40% who say he
mentally ill is really the same as the
41% who said it's caused by Trump's
rhetoric to me this looks like 81% of
people think it's the rhetoric caused it
now if he was also mentally ill you know
that's a contributing factor but
certainly the rhetoric no matter what no
matter how sane he was he didn't
randomly pick the guy that they've been
calling Hitler for
years so then there's a quote from JD
Vance uh that says the uh Central
premise of the Biden campaign is that
Trump was an authoritarian fascist who
must be stopped at all costs and the
rhetoric led directly to the attempt of
assassination apparently 61% of likely
voters agreed with that quote so that
would suggest that at least some of the
people who thought mental illness was
part of it also think the rhetoric was
part of it too so that makes sense split
the
difference all right so Dan Bonino Don
Bonino who I would consider one of the
best voices on the whole topic of how
the shooter did what he did in the
Secret Service Etc Bonino is the one to
listen to he's got the best Insight on
that I would
think but he said he had an
unimpeachable source that there was a
police officer whose job it was to
secure that area apparently um did not
show up for
work and there's no word yet why is
there an update on that I didn't see an
update this morning but the
unimpeachable source says there should
have been somebody on the roof and the
roof guy didn't show up but we don't
know why the roof guy didn't show
up now that still makes the
possibility that there was some you know
some
Shenanigans because we don't know why
the roof guy didn't show up however I
remind you that so far every single part
of the story is consistent with the Sil
filter that people are way less capable
than you imagine they are and that
people can make way more mistakes than
you think possible and Dei has probably
infected the competence of the entire
operation plus they had temps you it
wasn't I call them temps they weren't
the regular crew so you had lots of
reasons for
incompetence but I will admit that every
part of the story is also compatible
with a you know a wild
plot I don't know how you can rule it
out exactly how do you rule out well
there was a secret plot that we can't
find you
know but let me show you this if I can
make this
work here's a Peter Duke went through
the effort of putting together aerial
map that shows the location of stuff now
you can't see it too clearly on my
screen if you want to see the good one
with the high resolution go to my feed
on X it'll be there this morning and
anyway it shows the locations of the
shooter the people who got shot and uh
some locations that the people who were
conspiracy theorists who might had not
be right but the conspiracy theorists
are imagining a second shooter and they
think they see evidence of it
Etc um I'm going to say
that confirmation um confirmation bias
would get you all the way
there meaning that even though you're
pretty sure that you've seen uh evidence
that the shock could not have come from
one place and there must have been
multiple Shooters and you heard too many
and something bounced off a railing and
somebody got shot who was in the wrong
place it couldn't have happened must
have been somebody in the you know so
anyway all that stuff is swirling around
in my opinion the the hypothesis that it
was part of a bigger plot and somebody
else was involved is still live that's
that's a live
hypothesis the competing one that it was
just massive incompetence like we see
everywhere else all the time is also
Fully
Alive so you've got two theories that
are they're living completely I mean
both of them you can't put a glove on
them
you know I'd love to say that the dilber
filter that it's just incompetence is
the one that's better because the other
one has some flaws but the other one
doesn't really have any
flaws it looks completely consistent
with some kind of a larger plot doesn't
mean it is but it seems completely
consistent with that now one of the uh
things we found out is that the shooter
had a remote control and had a bomb or
actually two bombs in his car in the
parking
lot and people are saying what's that
for they also say how did he know how to
make a bomb with a remote
control is that something you could look
up on the
internet and and if he was looking up
that kind of stuff on the
internet and he didn't have any social
media presence none of this makes sense
does it and if you could make an i IED
that you could uh detonate from a
distance wouldn't he use that and why
did he have it in the first place if
he's going to shoot why does he need the
IEDs somebody said it would be to create
a
diversion so you shoot the president you
blow up a car everybody looks at the car
you run away
maybe I've got a feeling it was more
that he wanted to if he got into the car
I think he was thinking to himself that
if he escaped long enough to get into
the car and if they caught him in the
car it would be better to blow up the
car with himself in it so it might have
been a future suicide attempt in case he
got halfway escaped and they pulled over
the car and then he could blow up the
car and something like that so we don't
know but I have real
questions about a guy who could put
together a remote control bomb I don't
know how I have no idea how hard that is
I mean obviously it happens in the
Middle East all the time but I don't
know see seems like that's a little bit
suggestive of some help
now do you believe that he has no social
media or do you believe they're hiding
it from
you because here's the uh the
professional liar uh
tell I've told you that there's there's
regular Liars
just politicians right all the
politicians are just sort of normal
Liars but then there's a special Elite
group of liars that the Democrats bring
out when they got the big lie the really
big ones the ones that nobody else is
even willing to talk about because it's
just
ridiculous so swell is already out uh
and swalwell is one of the the group of
uh designated Liars that they sent out
when they got a Whopper to tell and he's
telling that it's that the shooter was a
registered Republican and that uh he had
uh Trump signs at his house do you know
what swall left out he doesn't have a
house it's his parents' house he lived
with his parents but the person who
lives with the parents doesn't get to
decide what signs are on the front lawn
so there is evidence that the parents
are a republican there is evidence that
the shooter is registered as
Republican now if the if the shooter
registered as Republican does that mean
anything maybe yes maybe no I'm a
registered Democrat and you're listening
to me so you can't
trust what people register as I I can I
can confirm
that so we don't know if that means
anything we saw pictures of him wearing
an American flag and a shirt not too
long ago which suggests he had some
patriotic leanings which suggests a
little more Republican leaning than not
he obviously was comfortable with a gun
and guns in the house which again is
suggesting
Republican
but the fact that swell is the one who
has to come out and tell you he was a
republican strongly suggests that they
know that's not the case he he's an
indicator of the opposite so if you see
swell shiff or Rasin or Brennan or
Clapper they're all opposite guys
whatever they tell you it's the opposite
because they only bring them out they
only bring them out when they've got a
Whopper to tell it's it's pretty
consistent all
right now by the way uh if if you wonder
why I sound like I'm healthy today and
last night I sounded like I was going to
die if you heard me on the man cave live
stream uh I had some kind of allergic
reaction so I thought I was dying of Co
last night but it was some kind of
massive allergic reaction all better
now um so it wasn't sickness it was
something else um I do blame my sloped
roof um I was feeling fine and then
somebody said but Scott you have a
sloped roof next thing I know I was near
death so slope roofs roofs very very
dangerous stay away from
them well Jake Tapper and the CNN crew
uh got lered as they say Laura lomer did
the uh what do you call it the uh the
sneak attack where they're walking from
one place to the other and you try to
yell at them interview questions that
they're not going to ask so I guess
there were three different entities that
all are after CNN for being fake news
there's no real story to that except
that CNN became the
news have you notice that the news is
the
news right because even though we're
talking about an assassination attempt
that's the the top
news what was the main cause of the
assassination attempt well according to
the rasmuson poll there's a pretty big
chunk of Americans who say the news is
the problem the news because would you
even know that the Democrats were saying
bad things about Trump well no it's the
news it's not that the Democrats said it
I think if I think if the only thing
that happened was Democrats said bad
things you'd say ah politics but if you
turn the thing you think is your news
and it's
MSNBC and you see people who you think
know more than you because they're the
news and they're telling you they Hitler
is going to get
reelected maybe you believe
it so I would say the news is the news I
think the news is the cause of the
assassination attempt I think the news
is the reason you believe the fine
people hoax because they won't debunk it
I think the news is the reason you
believe the January 6 hoax other people
do not you uh we'll talk about that um
so really the news is the
news and I think Jake Tapper is the news
he's not just the person who reported
he's the news because why has he been
saying the things he's been saying by
the way I don't think he's you know the
worst of the worst or anything he's just
in that in the
conversation so yeah once the news
becomes the
news you need to
correct yeah you're going to have to
find
something all right um I don't know if
you saw the story Caris swisher and
Scott Galloway who some people think is
my clone but he's not he's not my clone
I disavow him because he got uh he was
on a podcast making some assassination
jokes uh I'm not going to repeat it but
he made a assassination joke and and
what some people think was too
soon now I feel that it wasn't so much a
too soon story you know I'm not the one
who's going to cancel somebody for a
joke even even one I don't like right
you know I have to be consistent I'm not
the one who's going to cancel somebody
for a joke even a poor taste joke I tell
I tell jokes and poor taste nearly every
day often in public
so it's more revealing about what they
actually
think and I do
think that there are quite a few people
who want people like me to be literally
dead like actually literally dead
now why is
that is it because they accurately know
things I've said is it because they
accurately know things Trump has said
and done no it's the news the news is
the story again if you think this is a
story about Caris Wisher and Scott
Galloway having some opinions you don't
like that were stated in a way that
became public that's not exactly the
story the story is they're victims too
meaning that they are just as
brainwashed as most of the most of the
world actually so the brainwashing is
the story and it's the news the news is
brainwashing people to say things that
when you look at them you say my God but
moreover it also tells you something
about their
bubble how did you not know that that
was would be taken really really
badly because they act like you know
people are going to love it I think
that's the problem that Jack Black
Tenacious D concert that got cancelled
because one of the bandmates said
something Pro
assassination I think that you say that
in front of a crowd of people because
you're so in your bubble that it doesn't
occur to you that half of them might be
deeply deeply offended by that and they
were probably I don't know if it was
half but a
lot anyway Biden apparently uh his
Department of
energy has an AI road map now you might
say what does the department of energy
have to do with AI well AI will suck up
massive amounts of energy so much there
wouldn't be enough left for human beings
literally um so we've got a really big
problem and it might not be solved by
building more power plants because it
takes a long time to build a nuke
facility for example but one of the
things they want to do is figure out how
to make AI super computers more energy
efficient which totally seems like
that's worth doing so in our highly
contentious World I'd like to say that
looks like good
work I have no problem with that I I
think uh having my government um do some
kind of a nationalist initiative to try
to make the AI super computer is more
energy efficient so it doesn't suck up
all our energy and we all die in the
fields that just seems like a solid good
idea so sometimes we can say that the
Biden Administration did something right
I hope this is it I don't know all the
details but I
hope well meanwhile some uh what what
are being called uh Trump
allies you have to watch out for this
story that's your first signal that
there's something up a trump Ally
what's that tell
you I don't I haven't even told you the
story yet but but if it start if it
starts with Trump allies it's going to
be something that somebody's going to
try to smear Trump with that did not
come from
Trump you all know that right any story
that starts with Trump allies because
that's how the project 2025 thing
started and then Trump has to explain I
don't basically don't know what's in
there what I heard I don't like right
but then people say oh but they're your
allies and then I heard uh van Jones
saying that the Republican Party hasn't
done enough to get rid of the um the
white supremacist the racists in the
party now how dumb do you have to be as
a consumer of news to think that's a
good point that the Republicans haven't
done enough to get rid of the bad people
in the
party you know that Republicans don't
have any control over that
right they they can't excommunicate
people they can people can register any
way they want and then they can say
anything they want and then they can
vote free speech is still possible even
if you hate it which is really the
entire point of free speech is that it
allows the stuff you don't like and what
are the Democrats doing to get rid of
their bad people I
mean so you you even have van Jones has
retreated to a really a stupid point you
know let let me be blunt and I know he's
too smart to think it's a good point so
if a smart person has to use a stupid
point that somehow Republicans could
excommunicate the people they don't like
in the party um if all he's got left is
a stupid point and you know he knows
it's stupid because he's smart right if
he were stupid I'd say hm does he not
know that's a bad point no he's very
smart he knows it's a bad point it's all
he's got you know they're basically an
an of ammunition so you got to you got
to go to the stupid stuff
really and we'll talk about January 6 in
a
bit all right so anyway the Trump allies
have crafted an AI executive order that
they'd like Trump to sign on to and uh
it's been viewed exclusively by the
Washington
post do you see the second
tell uh do you think the Trump
allies are really ones that Trump has
endorsed to do this work for him no and
do you think if it were Trump allies and
Trump liked it and the Allies were all
on the same page do you think that they
would it would be released only to The
Washington Post or maybe leaked we don't
know if it was released or
leaked no The Washington Post is not a
credible entity the Trump allies are not
a credible description of
anybody and they have some kind of
Manhattan project idea for a military Ai
and slashing burdensome
regulations I would say I would not
believe any part of that
story it could be some elements are true
but it's coming from such a non-credible
place you should just discount it
entirely if later some credible entity
that's not the Washington Post uh says
it's true well then you know maybe
upgrade the like the likelihood there's
a story here uh then you got to see who
these Trump allies are because you know
how much have they actually talk to
Trump about any of this and would JD
Vance think it's a good idea would V
think it's a good idea by the way how
much do you love the fact that nothing
stupid can get to Trump
anymore think about it
the Trump now has a smart filter that he
surrounded himself with that's largely
impenetrable there is no way that
something just stupid is going to get
all the way to Trump and turn into a
policy because you got V standing in the
way you got JD van standing in the way
you got Elon Musk standing in the
way you've got most of silicon Valley's
smartest Venture capitalists we'll talk
about in a moment standing in the way
now he didn't have that before right he
did not he had you know smart people of
course but he didn't have that that
that's like an impenetrable shield of
high IQ people who are going to make
sure that the dumb doesn't get to
Trump and if it does it's not going to
stick they're they're gonna they're
going to give him a silkwood bath if he
gets any dumb in there so I've
never felt so confident about a
presidency you know if you know fingers
crossed that becomes Trump he he is
assembling the most credible team and
then we heard today that there's some
talk of Jamie Diamond being considered
for treasury now I can't imagine that he
would ever take that job because Jamie
dond has like the best job ever if
you're in that space uh and working for
the government and working for Trump is
pretty much putting a Target on your
back so I can't imagine you'd take the
job but but I love the fact that it's
not
crazy I I mean Jamie Diamond did say hey
hey you know Trump got some things right
which is not being a trump supporter
that's not a trump supporter he's just
saying you know the criticism is a
little off
base could he do it the fact that we're
even talking about it as a
possibility when jamy Diamond was being
talked about as a potential replacement
for
Biden is kind of phenomen
Al I mean if you think about what that
would look like in terms of unity it
would be incredible now and I would say
to Jamie Diamond if I were advising you
what's good for you in your life don't
do it if you get
asked it's that's going to be a tough
assignment you know you might want to
you know keep your reputation
intact
but if you've got the
guts and if you're the Patriot that I
actually think you
are it would be a hell of a service to
the country assuming that it's the story
is real and it's really being considered
and it really gets offered um it would
be a hell of a service and I I for one
would have extreme gratitude for anybody
who took that kind of a just a pure risk
for the benefit of the country there's
nothing in it for Jamie Diamond there's
nothing in it but if he did it
that would look like pure Pure service
so I don't expect it because that's a
lot to ask for anybody especially if
they have a family and you know
everything else but wow just the fact
that it's even being considered is is
quite quite
interesting all right fed is looking at
cutting some rates that's you know your
good news bad news the FED doesn't look
at cutting rates unless the economy is
starting to drag and and unemployment
isn't as good as it is or good as as it
should
be but we're always going to put a
political uh spin on everything right so
if the FED cuts the rates it's going to
look positive for the economy the stock
market presumably will go up it's going
to it's going to help Biden's argument
hey look what I've done the economy
loves me and then of course the people
who are smarter than that will say h but
the stock market is a forward indicator
which is really already priced in Trump
so it's already a trump Market I'm just
going to say it the stock market is a
trump Market from now
on is that fair would you agree it's a
trump Market I think it's going to
respond to what they expect Trump will
do from this point on because he's the
presumed
winner all right
um Elon Musk says he's moving uh two of
his headquarters out of California so
he's moving the ex people and he's
moving the SpaceX headquarters H and of
California and he says the reason is
that California's new law that uh
basically uh tells schools that they can
transition your kid without your
knowledge now that's my own description
that's not that's not what what anybody
smart would say uh what smart people
would say it the the schools are not
required to tell parents if the child is
identifying as a different uh gender I
guess now is anybody okay with
that I I have real questions is there
any
parent anywhere democrat or republican
any is there any parent who thinks
that's a good idea for their own
children you know maybe they think it's
a good idea for your kids or something
but I I feel
like I feel like there's no actual human
being who has children who thinks that's
a good idea that sounds like something
that childless people would
say like what what parent would ever
give up their own rights over their own
children I you no matter what the right
was why would a parent ever give up a
right that involves their own
children the I don't understand how
there's even one person who could be in
favor of that I've never heard of the
argument what what's even the
argument because the argument is you
know presumably something like um the
parents don't have the best interests of
the kids in mind in some cases I assume
that's the argument right but what
parent would be in in favor of
that there's no parent who would be in
favor so did people without kids make
decisions for people with
kids I don't know what went on there I I
don't know how such a absurd thing could
happen now I do suspect that Elon Musk
had a bit of a fake because meaning that
he was already talking about moving X
that conversation was happening and if
he's going to move X and the Space X uh
C gravity is already in Texas or
someplace
else you know it just makes sense he
wanted to consolidate his businesses
where he spends more time so it probably
just means less travel for him and less
fewer taxes you know fewer problems with
the state messing with you but I do like
the fact that he tied it to a political
event and uh allowed his communication
to be louder because it was tied to an
economic event so so it makes it look
clear that California is giving up a lot
of
money to have these ridiculous laws
that that law is just batshit crazy
there there's nothing to even argue
about it it's just batshit crazy you
can't take the parents out of raising
you know a decision as basic as the
kids oh anyway I I don't have to argue
it because you're all in the same page
well let me test is there even one
person in the comments who thinks that's
a good
law I don't even have to look do I
there's not one person here I don't know
how that gets
approved quite quite a
mystery well last night at the
Republican National Convention uh was
enemies unit night I guess Nikki Haley
was there endorsing Trump and V gave a
great speech brought down the house
Endor Trump
DeSantis um dorson Trump now that is a
good so that's great messaging because
remember the whole point of trump is
he's trying to unite so if if you're
going to be a uniter I can't think of
anything better to you know start that
moving than getting the people on your
own team to unite and apparently he has
so the the unity among the Republicans
is the best I've seen in many years and
that's on Trump now it's on lock the
luck of surviving an assassination but
that's on Trump so during a trump time
the Republican Party came together the
ones who are still anti-trump are
just you know not serious people at this
point they're not serious
people there's a question whether v
ramaswami um would accept if he were
offered um to be the replacement senator
in
Ohio and V says he's going to talk to
Trump about how V can be the most useful
whether it's that or something
else and I'd love to know what the
alternative is
wouldn't you love to have that option
hey VI um you don't have to even run for
election um could we just make you a
senator and V's options are so good that
he can say I don't know let me mle that
over with my other
opportunities just try to hold that in
your head yeah here's somebody that you
never even heard of you know two years
ago or whatever and he did such a good
job running for president even in a you
know ultimate losing effort he did such
a good job that he's literally having a
conversation I don't know Senator
Senator without spending any money
without even having to run for it I
don't know I I'll put that on my list of
things I'll
consider do you realize what kind of
talent is coming into the
administration I'm just just hold that
in your brain for a second the level of
talent that's coming in that even that
conversation is a conversation is is
Senate good enough for you would like
you know maybe you should be head of
Homeland Security you know is there is
there a better job that would make more
sense oh Senator is okay I could settle
for a
senator I just love that story anyway
Andre Horwitz uh that's a big VC outfit
in the valley are endorsing Trump now if
you don't know the
players and you just heard oh there's a
couple of uh money people in Silicon
Valley who kind of decided to endorse
Trump no that's not what
happened if you're a little closer to
the situation you know I live around
here so you know just by osmosis you you
end you end up knowing the
players and J and Horowitz aren't just
two smart guys they're two smart guys
that smart guys look to to figure out
how to be smart
guys that's big because they're they are
people who shape
opinion they're not just people with
opinions if you didn't know that you
would think this is a small story but
when these two guys go public on the
same side and unambiguously endorsing
Trump after you've seen Bill
Amman uh go you've seen um now there's a
pretty long list of VES who have gone
public command of the closet and of
course Elon Musk and um and Jamie
Diamond he's not supporting Trump as far
as we know but even he said recently you
know some of these criticisms about
Trump are a little
overblown so you're seeing people come
out of the
closet Mike cernovich said in uh in
these words today uh you can now operate
in quote legitimate Society while
supporting Trump hard to overstate the
implications of this for the 2024
election and
future yep it is hard to overstate how
important that is it it's really hard to
overstate it and of course it was the
assassination attempt that gave
everybody the fake because that that was
the ultimate permission it's like okay
now we're seeing the things have gone
way too far we we can come out under the
cover of the you know hey can't be in
favor of an
assassination so that's good but I would
like to thank
cernovich for being one of the biggest
Fighters for legitimizing the ability to
just have an
opinion and I would like to thank
everybody who got cancelled everybody
who had been maligned everybody who lost
a job everybody who went first
first everybody went first because
although you know covich is correct in
pointing out the bravery of the people
who were uh coming out he was
first right like he didn't wait there
there are people who ran into the who
ran into the
fight
first and you know it's very magnanimous
of him to give credit to the people who
are coming on board now they did have
big reputations and lot lots to protect
and you understand that it's a in the
real world you have to take care of
yourself a little bit you can't just run
into danger um but there are some people
who who saw the bigger picture
faster and the people who saw the bigger
picture faster in many cases made some
pretty big
sacrifices and uh cernovich is uh the
leading general in that and I think that
has to be called out because you have to
look at the whole Arc of his work and
the level of influence he's had to make
this all
possible he was the biggest voice that I
saw advocating for JD Vance I think it
made a difference I definitely think his
his voice made a difference there so uh
the you know there there are people that
in my mind feel like
Founders because I feel in a very real
sense that something like the founding
of the country is rehappening
you know people said uh we're a dying a
dying Republic and America we had our
good 200 years and now we're dying you
know what they were
right except they didn't have the timing
right we already
died the founders are reforming the
country now Democrats aren't going to
want to hear this but I don't think it's
a coincidence that God saved Trump at
the same time that people who look like
they're The Reincarnation of the
founders have just
Arisen you know when you've got a of
aake who reminds me of Jefferson you've
got a you've got a Elon Musk who reminds
you of you know Ben Franklin you've got
basically you could go down the line and
you could map the founders to the
current bunch of people you would map
George Washington to
Trump you when you saw Trump put his his
hand up what was the first thing you
thought from
history the first thing I thought was
that iconic painting of George
Washington crossing the Delaware and you
know Washington is standing up on the
boat as if he would stand up on that
little boat but you know and I I'm sure
it's not based on a literal picture but
um do you
feel that the that that America actually
did die I don't think we're trying to
you know recover I think we
died I I think that the Republic was
dead I think that we've been run by some
you know people in the background now
for decades and just imagined we had
some kind of country I do think that the
founders have been reformed there there
is some kind of larger Force that's
making things happen that it's just hard
to explain in any other filter now I
remind you I'm not a I'm not a Believer
myself but the filter that fits the best
is that God formed America in the first
place didn't like how it was going let
it die but the economy kept cooking
along and then it was time to reform it
and I'm seeing a new America I'm not
just seeing you know make America great
again it just look like it's being
reformed almost from scratch from first
principles let's say from first
principles if you look to vake he's he's
a first principle guy says it all the
time if you look at Elon Musk first
principle kind of guy says it all the
time what do all of the uh Venture
capitalists the Andre Horwitz people
what do they all have in
common first person kind of people or
first you know first principles they're
basically wait wait wait let's let's
back it up to what what the basic
situation is and then reason it from
there don't just get caught in the
rhetoric and the narrative and stuff
like that let's let's take it back we've
never had this many capable people line
up on the same side since the actual
American
Revolution there's an insane amount of
talent that just found each
other that does that feel like a
coincidence to you I mean there's
something happening here that's just way
bigger than all of us and it could be
just an emergent
intelligence it could be an emerging
intelligence I do believe that humans
collectively form a meta intelligence
that's bigger than the
collection and it doesn't happen often
because it doesn't need to if you don't
have if you don't have a problem that is
existential you don't need people to
form a you know a larger consciousness
we can just all do our own thing which
is what I think we've been doing for a
few hundred years largely doing our own
thing oh you got a World War II thrown
in there and you better come together
for that
but I
think that the the the larger
intelligence which is the combination of
all the smartest people who know how to
think not the people who are just the
crazy people but the people who know how
to think are finding each other they're
finding the
truth and they're going to put massive
amount of money behind it and massive
amount of reputational risk and they've
decided you know how I always tell you
about the difference between wanting and
deciding there was a lot of wanting of
trump to
win there was a lot of wanting there
wasn't enough
deciding because deciding means you're
going to do whatever it takes must just
put his whole life on the line literally
let me say that again Elon mus put his
life on the
line that's not an
exaggeration because he knows I mean
he's had two attempts on his life just
recently um he knows what kind of risk
this is he's not doing this blind he put
his life on the line that's a decision
that's not oh you know I'd rather have
this candidate no that's a
decision he's putting $45 million a
month into the pack that's not
wanting that's a
decision all right
so I think a lot of people have just
decided and if you look at who the
deciders are they're not your average
people there's a lot of deciding going
on right
now all
right uh let's
see kend delanian for NBC News was I saw
him reporting on this alleged Iranian
assassination plot which has been
bubbling for a while now so it didn't
this is not new news it's a background
news so it's sort of like context
context is that uh us
officials have had uh you know Intel
about Iran trying to assassinate Trump
for his assassination of um sulamani
when he was in office when Trump was in
office and and allegedly that background
threat had prompted the Secret Service
to uh enhance Trump's
protection so what you saw on the day
that he was shot was their enhanced
protection against Iranian super
Killers so their enhanced protection
against highly trained Iranian
assassins didn't stop the 20-year-old
who borrowed his dad's gun and got a
ladder
so if that's the extra super beefed up
security against the Iranian super
assassins who one imagines would be
quite well
trained um I think they need a little
more be beefing up that's not what I
call beefing up but if you didn't not
recognize the name I gave you kend
delanian in NBC I will tell you that
allegedly I have no personal know of
this but uh I think this is the Glenn
Greenwald filter on things that it would
be well known again this is not my own
claim the NBC and specifically kend
delanian would be
considered the voice of the CIA
basically now that's not my claim that's
that's the claim that smart people
make I wouldn't know but isn't it kind
of coincidental that something that
would mock up the story would get into
the story at just the right time now it
does
seem sort of
related but not really because if the
worry is that the shooter was in fact
radicalized
by Democrat talking
points then the last thing you want is
to not have a counternarrative it's like
well I don't know we we don't know his
motives it could have been yeah it just
could have been the Iranians got to him
so it just sort of introduces some doubt
into something that probably shouldn't
have any doubt at all if an American
takes a shot at Trump is there any doubt
that he was radicalized by the media or
social media which is also radicalized
by the proper media not
really it's not one of those questions
where you have to question his his
motive now if you say oh but was
influenced by this as well okay but
still it's because you got there there
is no scenario in which you take a shot
at Trump just because you worked out the
details on your own that came from
somewhere 20-year-olds don't have their
own
opinions I had a conversation with some
young people the other day uh who is not
too far from that age of the 20y old who
said that all of their friends
uh are starting to hate Biden because
Biden is uh too pro
Israel and I said to him do your friends
know that Trump is considered like the
biggest friend of Israel ever and they
looked at me and said what oh yeah so
all all your friends who have decided
that they don't like Biden because of
Israel they don't
know that Israel and Trump are the
closest of any couple that have ever
been and they said oh well actually to
be fair nobody my age knows
anything that that was the honest answer
I got back nobody my age knows anything
so then I tossed down a few I said well
were you aware of
this um no I said were you aware of
this I've never heard of that before
were you aware of
this nope never heard that so that's
what a 20-year-old knows what a
20-year-old knows is just nothing and
nobody suggests that this was the the
best informed 20-year-old nobody thinks
that now I I see MK Ultra all over the
place I I don't believe that the CIA can
hypnotize somebody to be a killer so I
speaking as a
hypnotist I don't think that's the thing
you could find somebody who's already
you know ready to be pushed over the
edge so you could maybe tip somebody
over the edge you can't take somebody
who wasn't thinking about it and turn
them into an
assassin the no hypnosis can do that now
I mean the exception would be if you
completely control them um you know and
they saw no other people for three years
and you you just brainwashed them every
day in a secret room you could do that
that actually would work but you can't
just sort of talk to somebody in the
real world send them some messages turn
them into an assassin they they would
have to be right on the edge of tipping
anyway and then maybe you could do it
but it'd be a hard I I don't think the
CIA just hypnotized the guy to go kill
the
president my skill set says that's not
really a thing not
really but having this uh Iranian thing
in here makes everything uh a little uh
more uncertain and why is it that
hearing so little
about the uh let me tell you what I
would expect to see here's the dog not
barking are you ready dog not
barking the 20-year-old had classmates
all right now he's out High School of
course but he had people who knew him in
high school now apparently he was
bullied and he wasn't popular but has
anybody talked to his classmates and
said they say he had no social media is
that true his classmate to know if he
had social
media where where's that you know now
you don't necessarily want to put them
on camera because they'd be well they'd
be 22 so that'd be fine so if you had
some 20-year-old people who went to
school with them and you say can you
tell me that this is the only
20-year-old than he would have been 18
who has no social media just ask the
people who know him they know for sure
for sure they know if he had social
media % they know now I can I can
understand why the people doing the
investigation maybe don't want to tell
you anything yet because I you know it's
an ongoing investigation but the news
the news knows where he went to school
the news knows his family the news could
easily find his friends and why isn't
the news telling us if he had social
media because they could they
could you think they couldn't figure
that out you think there's no way an
investigative Journal could find
somebody who went to school with you
just have to find one person you went to
school with did this guy of social media
of course he
did or or oddly he did not
right so that it's kind of missing it's
kind of conspicuously
missing anyway there's a a big headline
news today um this is unusual I mean
it's it's what it's the reason it made
news you I've told you before that if a
dog bites a man that's the old saying
that's not news because that could
happen but if a man bit a dog well that
could be news you know that's the old
saying so here's one of those it's I
mean I know you didn't expect this so
that's why it's
news uh representative Adam Schiff told
the truth at a private
meeting and made headline
news anyway next story oh you're
probably wondering what he said well
that's not the fun part what he said was
just the truth that you already
knew the story is that Adam Schiff told
the
truth that's literally the
story I'm not making that up the story
is that he told the
truth the truth was that he uh thinks
that the Democrats will lose everything
if Biden stays in the
job now don't you believe that that is
the truth it's the truth that it's
probably true because you know you're
talking probab
probabilistically it's probably true um
and I probably believe he believes it so
there was nothing new in the idea that
the Democrats are panicked about losing
everything so there was no news quality
in the fact that there was this one
person who believes what everybody else
believ
believes would you agree it's not news
that there's somebody who believes what
everybody else
believes what's news is he told the
truth just think about that that's
exactly what made it a headline he told
the truth that is how that that is how
amazing that
is and he did it on closed doors so
apparently Biden is very sharp behind
closed doors and behind closed doors
sometimes Adam Schiff tells the truth
so here's my
advice you should uh stay away from
sloped roofs and close
doors
y all
right I posted a message today asking
who has the best debunk on the January
6th Insurrection hoax because it appears
that the media is retreated to that hoax
so that's the their strongest remaining
hoax because the fine people folks got
debunked um you know Trump is rising in
every other way he's he's unifying
people so they're sort of running out of
hoaxes and their their best play is now
the January 6 one so I posted and it's
my pinned post if you want to grab it by
the way you should if you think you're
going to get in this conversation you
should literally screen grab or copy my
post it's the pinned one this morning
and I'll read it to you but I think this
is the strongest
argument that January 6 was not an
Insurrection all right it goes like this
several points number one uh if somebody
says it was an Insurrection here would
be your response explain to me how
trespassing in one building leads to
Conquering the United
States so that that's the kill
shot but then they're going to say if
they know enough you know first of all
they probably give up just on that point
alone but if they know a little bit more
they'd say whoa whoa whoa Scott hold on
it wasn't just about the protesting no
there was also this fake electoral
situation so I mean that was the real
that was the real C
attempt to which uh I say explain how
the alternate or you call them fake
electors could have led to the
Conquering of the United States can you
conquer a country with paperwork
did you feel that can you can you
conquer a country with
paperwork because the normal way that
would have gone would have been oh I
challenge this to the Supreme Court and
then the Supreme Court looks at it and
goes ah get rid of get rid of these fake
electors and then that would be it just
like everything else it it would be
absolutely routine
for the courts to reject this and then
everybody goes their own way just like
everything
else but but what was the way in which
it could have
worked can can you imagine the situation
it's like uh you know Pence is ready to
certify the election and then some says
wait wait wait wait we've got
paperwork and then Pence does whatever
he does but later do you imagine that
the Democrats would get together later
and they'd say wow we were pretty sure
we won this thing fair and square
but I didn't see that they would have
paperwork they have paperwork people
they have
paperwork and then they say we we better
just give them the country and then one
of the Democrats would say well couldn't
we just do some fake paperwork and take
it back and the Democrats would be
like what's your name you're a genius
and he'd say
Bob my name is Bob I don't know if that
would be his name but let's say this I
just kind of came up with it Bob that's
that's that's just
brilliant they try to take over the
country with paperwork but does anybody
have paper anybody you have paper bring
some paper over here and bring a pen
quick we're going to take this country
back we
resolve that the country
comes back to us and by the way um does
anybody want to be a senator as long as
I'm doing some
paperwork well we'll call you an
alternate Senator but that's probably
good enough to take over the country
alternate senator who wants to be the
alternate president oh we have one of
those um alternate cabinet members
anybody finally we have
paperwork we will take over this country
with our
paperwork seriously people how was
anybody going to take over the
country with trespassing in one building
and some
paperwork but then but then hold on
Scott hold on Scott it's like you don't
even watch the
news I think I got rid of my my Dale
impression
Dale will be making a comeback if you
don't know dale dale is the uh the
Democrat who looks a lot like me except
he has a
goatee and he says crazy
things and he looks like this well Scott
if it's not an Insurrection how do you
explain all the cops that were
killed there were no cops
killed I've got horses
well maybe you should Google them never
mind I think Google probably erased it
but how do you explain the lectr got
moved what's your point the lectern the
Lecter it got
moved and just complete that point about
the electron and therefore the
Insurrection almost
succeeded because the electron got moved
there was also graffiti there was
graffiti so they were trying to conquer
the country with
paperwork but also graffiti you didn't
see it it was bad it was bad graffiti it
was weaponized
graffiti well so I just imagine it goes
like
that all right if you if you don't like
those two so those are the two points
you can't conquer a country by
by
trespassing and you can't conquer a
country with paperwork if that would
work I think somebody would have tried
it already I would have tried it myself
frankly I think I would have made a run
at Conquering the country if I could do
it with fake
paperwork all right and then here's my
my favorite one though is so one of the
things we know from the um
Communications of the day is that Don Jr
was trying to stop the protests and you
know get the president to say hey stand
down and everything so we know very
clearly that Don Jr was not in on any
plot to take over the country and so I
ask you
this do you believe that Trump planned
to take over the country and word never
got to Don
Jr because you think at the very least
somebody would have said hey Don Jr you
better protect all of your children'
because if your father takes over the
country they're in a lot of trouble and
so is your old family and so are you so
you might want to beef up your security
because you know we're going to take
over the country I feel like I feel like
that would have been mentioned it would
have been mentioned to Don Jr like how
dumb do you have to be to think that Don
Jr wouldn't be in on the plot I mean if
the plot were real of course he would of
course he would
anyway um then here's my other point
have you ever met a republican who would
be okay with Trump or anyone else
becoming a
dictator that's the opposite of being a
republican it's right in the name well
it's not right in the name but the the
whole point of being a republican is you
like the
Constitution there's no such thing as a
republican who also kind of wants a
dictator as long as the dictator is a
good one and on their side that's not a
thing there there are zero Republicans
who would have been over okay with some
kind of a coup zero I I've never even
heard it privately I've never heard
anybody whisper about it I've never
heard anybody say you know it wasn't a
coup but honestly if it had been I would
have been Allin no there there's no
Republican find me one Republican who
would have ever had that a point of view
it's not a thing now let's compare the
the Insurrection narrative to what I
call the more rational
explanation here's the rational
explanation that you never see on the
the fake news so if it wasn't an
Insurrection Scott what was
it if it wasn't an Insurrection what was
it what was it Scott what was it well
maybe it was exactly what they said it
was maybe if you simply asked all the
people you believed were involved what
is it you were trying to
accomplish maybe do that maybe just ask
them hey what was in your mind what were
you trying to
do don't you think that matters there
were thousands of people there why not
just ask them why were you there what
were you trying to accomplish I've asked
them so on behalf of the news that
didn't do his job let me tell you what
they would say
they would
say we thought the election looked
sketchy and we wanted a little timeout
to check to see if this problem was what
we thought it was which was the election
was stolen so we were trying to protect
the election we were trying to protect
the outcome and we're trying to protect
the country protect the Republic and
make sure that all of us all Americans
got the result that they thought they
voted for
but what about those fake electors Scott
what about the fake electors well why
don't we ask them what they intended to
do what they intended to do if you ask
them is to uh preserve their legal
challenge now did they do it right A lot
of people would say
no but does anybody doubt the
intent does anybody have any question
about the
intention no the intention was to
preserve their legal right now they
thought that could lead to Trump staying
in office but that would require of
course that somebody looked into the
election and found some problem with it
which never
happened all right so if you don't like
debunking that let's talk about
debunking climate change which looks
like it's going to fall any moment um
Steve Malloy who's been debunking
climate stuff forever uh here's what he
says now I'm going to say I don't know
if his facts are the same as the
official facts so you have to watch out
if everybody's using the same sources of
data and I don't know the answer to that
but here's what he says that for the
last nine years uh the temperature has
on average gone
down
um and you therefore you would have to
believe that over that time 450 billion
tons of
CO2 got into the air between 2015 and
2023 and it didn't do what it was
predicted to
do and then on top of that so so that's
the first claim so the first claim is
that the temperatures didn't go up but
the CO2 CO2 went up massively and if
you're only talking about one year or
two years you'd say okay we we didn't
claim every single year was going to be
a straight line up just the average
would but it would be pretty hard to
argue that over an eight or ninee
period that you didn't see any impact of
climate change none at the period when
it was the most CO2 not only in the air
but the most added to the air and in
that entire
time
um in that entire
time that uh I was just looking at a
reframe that somebody had is pretty good
um so in that entire time nothing went
up now remember the claim is that the
temperatures do not show warming over
that period I'm pretty sure the climate
change people would say it did so they
might be looking at different data I
don't there's I have some questions
there uh but then there's also a tonga
volcano that uh erupted in 2022 which
some say this is in Zero Hedge that uh
accounted for basically all of the extra
warmth
so you didn't debunk anything Brian snik
died oh there's some is there somebody
here who doesn't know uh that Brian
snck you know that's a fake story
right there's somebody yelling in all
caps you didn't debunk anything Brian
snik died no you unfortunately you got
some fake news
there so he just wants to say it over
and over again yeah no you got fake news
done that check your news you'll find
out you've been you've been
hoaxed uh meanwhile John Deere has
released a statement saying they're uh
backing off on their Dei policies and
they're going to commit to just helping
their customers now so I think they're
going to get rid of some of their Dei
stuff and stop focusing on pronouns and
stuff like that and that would be big
win for Robbie
Starbuck who was the person who who
originally noticed and started uh
started advocating that they changed
their ways and got enough public
attention on it that they actually
backed off now some say maybe they'll
just change the names of things and keep
going but honestly they look pretty
serious about
it right they look pretty
serious all right right um there's a
study that said uh 2third of children's
calories come from Ultra processed foods
so no surprise that kids are not healthy
two-thirds of their calories come from
processed foods now you probably saw the
leaked uh audio and video of RFK Jr
talking to Trump and they were talking
quite in a friendly way and Trump seemed
to be
indicating um
oh somebody saying if the riot didn't
happen the policeman wouldn't have died
okay well that's just a whole different
claim yeah so that that's a stupid claim
so stop being
stupid I I I have a a comment here is
just stupid so stop being stupid
okay yeah just stop being stupid I
there's nothing else to say about that
just don't be stupid anymore in public
be be stupid in private
that'd be
better anyway if RFK Jr did have any
interest in working with Trump um I
would love to see him working on this uh
big issue which is our food supply and
our
vaccine
process uh need to be relooked at and uh
it sounded like Trump was sort of
hinting in that direction that maybe he
would have a role and of course he's
running for running against Trump so
he's not going to say yes to anything
like that but I think Trump made it
clear that he could work with RFK junr
if if it was the right right fit which
would be Unity that would be
unity and uh here's a study you probably
didn't know about this but new study
says that uh orgasms can help women with
stress well who knew that but it's more
than
that um other Studies have also shown
that orgasms can help you with pain
relief they can help you with reduce
migraines they can boost your
immunity it can unblock your
nose uh it's good for your heart
health and uh it also boost your
Feelgood hormones like your oxytocin and
your dopamine and stuff like that now
I don't know if you've ever heard me say
this before
but I could have saved them a lot of
money yeah you didn't really need to
check that uh Scott we're we're thinking
of doing this study to find out if
orgasms make people feel
better I'm going to say yes oh thank you
wow you just saved us
$200,000 ah you're welcome is there
anything else I can do for you well
we're also wondering if if it reduced
your stress especially for
women
yes oh wow you just saved us another
$200,000 we I swear we were going to
study that but you knew the answer all
log I did I did I I knew that one how
about
uh it'll boost your
immunity yes it
will all right here's my serious answer
I swear I'm not making this
up
probably 40 years ago I
discovered that no matter how badly I
felt or what kind of sickness or illness
or pain I had I could kind of make it
all go
away and I said to myself wait a minute
this can't be a coincidence that when
you get in that certain mode that all
your problems go away like you I don't I
don't have a mental problem but I also
didn't have physical problems like it
would make the flu go away I mean not go
away but it wouldn't hurt at least while
you were in that mode and here was my
hypothesis I developed literally 40
years
ago that your mating
Instinct uh is so strong that it will
erase your other problems
so in other words your body is made to
reproduce so you put it in a mating
Instinct mode even if you're all by
yourself if you're in your mating
Instinct mode and your body is
registering mating then it goes to its
highest health situation in other words
it it puts you in the best situation to
complete the task because if you wanted
to mate but you had a stomach ache well
maybe you'd not do it
if you wanted to mate but you had a
migraine well you probably wouldn't be
in the mood if you wanted to mate but
you I don't know you you felt uh some
pain you probably wouldn't do it so I
had noticed that being in that orgasmic
you know mindset uh makes all your pain
go
away and I had always
hypothesized that there must be an
obvious and logical evolutionary reason
which is you're better at reproducing if
your body is all working right and so
that the moment you have an opportunity
to be an a mating moment even if you're
by yourself that your body just says all
right we're going to fix everything your
immune system is boosted your pain goes
away your migraine's gone you got a
little more energy how about a little
oxytocin would you like some dopamine
because you need the dopamine to act you
know that's the thing that actually
makes you do a thing
so no it was not difficult to understand
that this was going to be good for
people now that ladies and gentlemen
concludes my prepared marks and uh
thanks for
joining if you're on the xor rumble or
um YouTube platforms make sure you pick
up my newest
book God's debris the complete works
it's up ated and it combines the
religion War the gods debris and a new
short story and it's available on Amazon
and people are loving it they're loving
it and by the way I said this before but
if you want to see another view of why
that bullet didn't get Trump and only
his ear this book will be another way to
look at that and you won't see it until
you're done with it but once it all
comes together in your head you can say
oh
man I wonder if that's what's happening
so that's the teaser you will enjoy the
book I guarante it now uh bye to
everybody except the locals people I'm
going to talk to you right
now thanks everybody else see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e