[Music]
hey everybody come on in here tonight
nothing but optimism nothing but
optimism it's gonna be optimism all over
the place once you get in here we're
gonna have some interesting updates and
while I'm waiting for everybody I don't
know if you've seen the new Joe Biden
DNA app they said if everybody seen that
there's a new app I guess Joe Biden's
campaign made it and it's it's like your
23andme competitor or a kind of thing so
it'll test your DNA and I was just gonna
finish the inputs here so we could get a
results while you were waiting let's see
it's it's just got one question it says
do you plan to vote for Joe Biden no
enter and then you get the Joe Biden DNA
result that says it says you ain't black
what sort of racist
kind of creepy well that's the Joe Biden
DNA app no it's not a real thing but if
it were wouldn't it be funny so let me
talk about some of the things that are
going right I'm gonna give you your away
had to be in the comments I'm gonna give
you the most optimistic view of the
future and then in a few minutes I'm
gonna bring on a special guest to talk
about convalescent plasma slash blood
serum therapy and that's gonna be a in
he'll guard to mark teases who's
probably queuing up right now to be
brought out but before we do that let me
show you all the good news now I'm not
saying that anything on this list is
true this is just pure optimism
but some of its true look at all the
ways we've cut the risk so these are the
ways we know and the ways we suspect we
might get lucky but we know the mask
seemed to cut the risk by 75% and I was
just out at Lowe's home supply a hundred
percent of the people have masks because
of course they can't get in without them
so at least where I am the the the
actual compliance is under present
distance of course is going to work
how could distance not work there's lots
of stuff we're going to be doing to make
sure we maintain distance of course
it'll work I'm just gonna say it'll
reduce risk by 50 percent compared to
not doing distance
what about convalescent blood serum
therapy we're gonna hear a little bit
more about that in a bit but do we know
yet how well it works we don't so I'm
just gonna put my optimistic and maybe
it's even better but I'm gonna put an
optimistic middle ground and say there's
a 50% reduction of risk once we get to
this cooking then of course we know what
to do with the rest homes now we knew
the wrong thing to do and now we know
the right thing to do so I don't think
we'll be repeating those mistakes so
that probably takes a good 20% right off
the top of risk because we finally I
think I think we finally figured out how
to had to do the old people care
facilities right but we got some other
wild cards so the things on the left are
things that we were pretty sure about at
least in the general sense but the
things on the right
could be good too there's something
about summer that seems to make viruses
yo lesson is that the humidity is it the
Sun this is the heat this is the vitamin
D we don't know but it does seem to be
something about summer now you give
summer a 50% reduction these are just my
guesses I'm just being optimistic if
you're just joining us
I called our vitamin D already maybe
that's the only reason this summer makes
a difference but probably not they're
probably the other factors matter too so
I'll call this out by itself
what if item and E is everything that
people say is cut out to be we don't
know that because there's a strong
correlation it seems but we don't know
about the causation let's say this will
just be optimistic let's say good
vitamin D levels cut your risk by 20%
and let's say that the country
especially because it's summer is giving
go out and get their vitamin D because
now they know it matters cut risk by 20%
what happens if we get really lucky and
the hydroxychloroquine and or in
combination with zinc or Meissen or
something else what if it works I don't
think it's gonna be a magic kill shot
because if it were that good we'd
already know by now it would just be so
obvious if it if it just eliminated the
virus we'd know that by now
but it might work I mean it might make a
difference and if it's not these these
mail maybe there's something right
behind it
so I'm gonna give that a 20% reduction
of risk
what about herd immunity well it's worth
something
I don't think we're gonna get to 60 or
70 percent but you've got let's say 10%
of your public maybe 20% at some point
have it well that certainly makes a
difference it's not enough to stop it
but these things are gonna all add up
and then what about the ventilator
situation we know that well there's I I
think we can say we know it at this
point yeah it's short of being confirmed
I just whistle yet it's short of being
confirmed but it does seem that we were
over ventilating and killing people with
ventilators right it seems like we know
that now that's not guessing anymore and
now we know so there's a gigantic gain
just from learning what to do and what
not to do and when to do it and when not
to do it but the thing I'm most I'm most
excited about in the short term
besides mass
and distance is this convalescent and I
don't know yet I'm gonna ask everyone
whether I should call it blood or plasma
will we'll get the skinny on that if ian
is ready to join me there yes all right
if our technology works this is gonna be
really interesting p.m. can hear me I'm
doing great
terrific so make sure though that I
pronounced your name right Ian
he'll guard Marissa's clothes Marty says
did we lose you
oh so so did I say your name right - Ian
Hildegard Marty's us am I losing the
lost the connection
well I know he's going to come right
back so let me keep an eye on him that
and we hope he will go find a place
where his cell phone works a little bit
better I think
Arius even come back to us come back to
us Ian oh wow this isn't gonna work at
all is it all right well it looks like
we are gonna have to try to do this some
other time
ah it's funny when I have lots of guests
most of them work but what do you have
one special guest the technology sneaks
up on you I'm gonna see if my guess is
that he will be looking for a place for
a better connection so I'm gonna keep an
eye on that and if he finds it we'll go
with it let me talk about speaking of
rest homes well I'm waiting for
- try that again let's try it one more
time if this doesn't work then we'll
probably just need to do it a different
day and it looks like it's not gonna
work hmm I wonder why anyway let's talk
about rest homes and New York so even I
don't know if you hear me but it looks
like this isn't gonna work for today I'm
not quite sure why but we will
definitely do this again so here is a
really interesting development in the in
the Cuomo New York did he put people in
rest homes and then they all died turns
out that the CDC recommended that so
even Fox News was reporting about today
that apparently the CDC guidelines were
that you should put them back in the the
homes that they came from when when it's
safe now of course the you wanted safe
part is this is a wild card I guess
nobody knows so yeah I'm watching you're
watching your comments somebody says
that is BS he blames the CDC well the
CDC gave the guideline so apparently
there were a dozen states that did the
same thing that Cuomo did and the reason
that it doesn't states through the same
thing he did is that they all had the
same guidelines from the federal
government now how did we not know that
right why is it why is it today we
learned that the CDC recommended exactly
what he did now I know you still wanted
to be a terrible person people are
saying it's not true it's not true well
I I read it in the news minutes ago if
it's not true
maybe the news needs to fix itself but
five years did you see that coming I
kind of came out of nowhere didn't it
now part of the question is why did
other governors do it differently that's
a good question right there were other
governors who did not do a Cuomo did and
yet they all had the same guidelines so
would you say that the ones who played
it correctly were the smart ones and the
ones who followed the guidelines from
the CDC were the bad ones I think at at
worst the worst case scenario is if the
governor's were actually following the
CDC guidelines worst case scenario is
the CDC Salt
best-case-scenario there were some
governor's who for whatever reason
played in a different way but here's
what I suspect would be true this is
just based on this is not based on any
information this is based on living in
the real world for a long time if you
live in the real world for a long time
they're just certain patterns you see
one of those patterns is but if you're
looking at the specifically the nursing
home situation probably there were
different situations in each state and
I'll just give you an example and I'm
not saying that this is what happened
but it's an example of how you could be
missing the bigger picture one
possibility is that the the rest home
situation is just different in different
places it could be for example I'm just
giving you a you know for example
imagine if you will that a lot of rest
homes in one state were essentially run
and organized if you had one entity that
ran a whole bunch of rest homes you
could say that that entity hey can you
you know move stuff around so that one
of them is completely emptied and you'll
you'll just move them into the other
places and then you'll have one that you
can use just for the covert patients now
that would be kind of easy to do if you
had one
owner who owned a chain of rest homes
and they were geographically not too far
apart because she's always try of
grandmas to the other one now imagine
you're in a state where that's not the
case imagine every restaurant rest rest
home has an individual owner and what
you want to do is empty one of them and
use it just for coronavirus patients
it's harder right now suddenly you've
got to get somebody who gives up their
entire restaurant and just turns it into
a coronavirus place it's not a chain
that's just moving everything around and
nobody feels too much pain it's just one
person it's just gonna go out of
business basically for a while you know
I don't have the money would work but
the point is it's a lot to ask of one
operator it could be that the individual
operators were smaller in one state
maybe there are some states such as
Florida where they have so many old
people they have massive infrastructure
far more professional management because
it's more of an industry in Florida to
keep old people safe so the point is you
can imagine a whole bunch of things that
are sort of the the details of what's
different about the rest home situation
where it would be easy to imagine that
only in a few states it was easy to make
the change
there was the smart change which is to
use one facility just for a coronavirus
patients and keep everybody else safe I
would not assume you're set I'm gonna
block you for set four for this saying I
sound like a korma apologist if
something's true you're not an apologist
in fact if you call anybody an apologist
well I'll just I'll just speak for
myself if you call me an apologist
you're not paying attention you're
missing the whole show if that's what
you're getting out of it why would I be
an apologist for Cuomo why really can
you think of any reason I would go out
of my way to be biased and Fay
of a governor of a state I don't live in
there's no reason I'm just telling you
what I say if you don't like it if you
don't like it I can't do much about that
I'm just explaining what I say all right
I'm a physics apologist because you fell
for the folksy brother routine did I
fall for it I just gonna block you to
see I generally block people for when
they tell me my opinion I'm happy when
you tell me your opinion you never get
blocked for telling me your opinion but
if you tell me my opinion you have to
get blocked
there's nothing productive that I can do
with you
all right somebody now somebody's saying
it's not the CDC it's the CMS and I
believe that they also had guidelines
but if you were the governor of New York
and there's a and there's a crisis and
it's a fire ology crisis and there are
two entities telling you what to do and
one of them is the CDC it doesn't matter
what the other one was right I'm hearing
you when you say there were two entities
because I saw that as well
you know one was the what is it Melia
Medicare doesn't matter because one of
them was the CDC it just doesn't matter
what the other ones that it's a it's a
it's a virus crisis people are going to
do with the CDC tells them to do all
right let's see if he in his back
Ian may be back and let's see if he has
a different phone or different
technology oh this is looking better
Ian you're there all right I do you have
different technology or are we gonna cut
out again what do you think same
technology but I what
yeah Andy's gone okay alright let's
acknowledge isn't gonna work he and we
will have to find new technology and try
it again alright
I swear that will make that work one of
these times but I think it's just his
cellphone didn't have didn't have a
signal where it is so anyway just to
finish up on the the CDC stuff whoever
saw that the story would go there that
the CDC would be and now of course
there's gonna be questions whether he
interpreted the right weather reacted
soon enough whether he adjusted quickly
enough and by the way if if if you would
like me to say something bad about Cuomo
and it turns out because I don't know
the details yet if it turns out that he
knew there was a problem for a long time
and he didn't adjust then I would blame
him for not adjusting but getting it
wrong in the first place if the CDC had
a guide lying about that I can't hold
that against them but absolutely I would
hold it against him yes if they quickly
knew there was a problem and it took him
a long time to adjust and do it looks
like he took him a long time to adjust
but I'd need to know the details in
there but if you want a criticism hell
yeah if it took too long to adjust
why why would I ever defend that who
could defend that but I don't know the
details there so I can't make that claim
yet all right it's okay not to blame and
he ordered yeah he ordered a lot of
hydroxychloroquine so let me finish up
with the CDC
let me let us look at their record so
the CDC said don't close the airport
they're wrong about that they said you
wouldn't transmit between humans of
course they heard that from China but
they got that wrong I think correct me
if I'm wrong I made this I'm not I'm
just spitballing here they were wrong
about the masks and now they might be
wrong about know something else is wrong
they're wrong about they were wrong
about how likely it transmits on
physical surfaces they were wrong about
and now probably this you know this
restaurant thing so yeah and the CDC was
wrong about the tests the test kit that
was the test kit was the biggest the
test it was the biggest mess up well I
don't know maybe these were all big mess
ups right so there was the didn't want
to close the airport wasn't
transmittable people-to-people mask will
kill you rest homes basically every
major problem was the CDC wasn't it if
you think about it it looks like the CDC
probably is responsible for 50,000
deaths I would guess
explain my retweet on the eye effect and
study I didn't understand I don't
remember that retweet what was i from
Acton's
I ever met them I don't know if that is
there's so many new little studies that
are coming out yeah so that the surface
is etc so I think the CDC is the is sort
of I know who do you trust less the
World Health Organization or the CDC I
mean even even the the poor Surgeon
General I mean he was saying don't wear
masks you know he was taking advice from
from the other experts but still come on
somebody says what is more toxic
hydroxychloroquine or the CDC yeah I
don't I don't think we can get you in
back on he's going to need a different
phone or a different location I think
one of those two things so yeah all
right well I don't have anything else to
say so let me check one more time see if
he even came back he looks like he's
back we'll see if he's got a new phone
or he's in and hey let's see if we can
keep you out for more than five seconds
this time I'm doing my best and are you
in the same place with the same problem
same sounds like he's in the same place
with the same phone all right well no
matter how many times we try exactly the
same thing it's not going to work but
we'll make this work some other time but
for tonight I will thank you all for
coming and I will see you in the morning