let me get my comments working
here because I like to see it
all I won't settle for
less good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I'll bet you've never had a better time
in your whole stinking life but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their shiny tiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mug or a
glass or glass glass a tankered chalice
or Stein the canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes it everybody happy it's called the
simultaneous St happens right now
go I don't think your life stinks what
are you talking
about has anybody picked up a dilber
2025 calendar you better
hurry I would say in the next week or so
if you order them you're pretty safe to
get them before Christmas every week
that goes by a little less safe to get
it before Christmas but still worth
doing and you can only get them at the
link that you'll find at dilbert.com you
cannot find it anywhere else in the
world no bookstore no other online
Source just go to dilbert.com and you'll
see the link to the sales page right
there and that is all the commercial
that I need to give you right now
your girlfriend got you one for
Christmas now that that girlfriend is a
keeper in fact that would go so far as
to say if your loved one does not give
you a Dilbert calendar for your for a
holiday maybe rethink the whole
relationship all right well so there's
news today that uh another study that
says that statens might be more bad for
you than good and that cholesterol might
be more good for you than bad now I'm
not going to make a claim that any of
these claims or counter claims are
true I will make a claim that I'm not so
sure anything in healthc care is
real is anybody having the same crisis
that I am that I'm not sure anything's
real in health
care and here's my
problem anytime that the uh the
treatment depends on somebody did a big
study and there was lot lot of data and
there was a lot of variables and a lot
of assumptions and when they were done
they found a good solid 30% Improvement
if you took the drug I'm not sure any of
those are
real but if you do the test and people
who take the drug you know live and the
other ones don't and um you know it's a
cure I do believe
curers because I think it would be hard
to hide a
cure but I'm not sure we can really
measure a 30% Improvement in anything it
feels like the people doing the study
could always find a way to make it 30%
or look like it's 30% better in some way
so I just don't believe anything that
says well we'll give you a you know 26%
Improvement
um but again I tell you do not believe
anything that cartoonists tell you about
Healthcare so you you know talk to your
doctor I'm not I don't want to talk ANF
or into any kind of drug but I'm just
telling you that as a consumer of such
things I really do not know what to
believe anymore when it comes to
healthcare well here's the story that
New York Post seems to have uh um
managed to get wrong in my opinion but
we'll see so there's an em winning TV
reporter Rachel Yunis now she was
abruptly fired according to New York
Post
uh because her bosses were short
changing her she she claims that male
colleagues were getting uh all kinds of
support and you know camera crews are
being sent out and uh so the males were
getting less of support but she was not
and so she's I don't know suing them or
something now here's here's a tiny
little thing that was also in the
article she was on a performance
Improvement plan plan have you ever
heard of that it's called a pip in
Corporate America a pip performance
Improvement
plan is there anybody here who has ever
been a a manager and put anybody on a
performance Improvement
plan do you know what that means it
means you're one of the lowest
performers in the
department that's why you're on it
basically the performance Improvement
plan say say you're going to be fired if
you continue the way you've been going a
pip is literally a performance
Improvement plan if you don't raise your
level it's basically a one-year it's
like getting a one-year warning that
they're going to fire you they're not
really expecting you to improve your
performance what they're expecting is to
have covered their ass that they gave
you a nice long warning and told you
exactly what the problem was and then a
year later they can say all right
nothing nothing changed goodbye and then
they're
covered so if you see a story about
somebody who is who says she was fired
or or at least mistreated because of
sexism and in the very same story it
says she was on a performance
Improvement
plan I'm not so sure the sexism is the
real story
here can't rule it out I mean I wasn't
there and it's certainly possible that
you could be on a performance
Improvement plan and with an Emmy
you could definitely do that CU see I'm
using yours and you could definitely be
on a performance Improvement plan and
also there's real
sexism so I'm not sure there's real
sexism but if you don't call out the the
part about the performance Improvement
plan I'm not sure that the reader is
getting served
here I would like to know that they're
that they're on an identifiable path to
being fired oh and then there's a lot of
sexism is in the office that you need to
sue over okay and again there might
actually be legitimately all the sexism
that that is part of the complaint it
might be but kind of looks like a coin
toss to
me all right here's a study according to
S poost there was a study done in
Scandinavia where they tried to see if
uh women were more or less willing to
engage with a man who was Stronger
versus weaker based on how much uh
Darkness there was and what they found
out is if it's in a darkened environment
women felt safer talking to men who
didn't look
dangerous and if they were in a darkened
environment they were a little reluctant
to talk to anybody who was you know big
and dangerous
looking so they spent money doing that
test to find out if you're more afraid
of big people in the
dark you know what they could have
done just
suggest they could have saved a lot of
money by just asking me Scott do you
think women would be more afraid of a
big person in the dark or more afraid of
a Chihuahua in the dark huh let's see
more afraid of the bear or the Chihuahua
which would it be all right just ask me
next time just ask
well according to Climate Change
Dispatch uh there's a new study poking
holes in the whole CO2 induced climate
change
catastrophe uh I'd like to tell you the
details of the study but I don't
understand any of it um but it's yet
another
scientific um scientific attack against
the idea that we can even know what's
happening with our climate models so I
don't believe science and I don't
believe climate models and I don't
believe anything that is a uh prediction
of what's going to happen in a
complicated
environment
so don't believe any Financial
prediction uh about a company for
example don't believe a health
prediction don't believe a science
prediction that has lots of variables
into the future so what all these things
have in common is that somebody's making
a bunch of assumptions in order to do
their complicated
prediction it's always the assumptions
that determine the outcome yeah only
people who have worked in this in the
field of predicting a lot of stuff no
it's always the assumptions that
determine the outcome as I
did so that's why I know that well Elon
Musk is suing open AI as you know Elon
Musk funded it open I ai's beginning
because the whole point of being open
open AI was that it was going to be
nonprofit because Elon thought that AI
was too important to you know have
siloed in one company but uh it looks
like they're trying to turn that into a
for-profit situation and so musk is
suing them according to the
verge and well not not suing them asking
for for a preliminary injunction don't
listen to anything I say about legal
stuff because I have no idea what I'm
talking about but a preliminary
injunction not so that would be
different than suing
right and they
uh they want they want to stop him from
oh and they also accuse him of antitrust
issues um apparently according to must
lawyers open Ai and Microsoft told
investors not to fund um the competitors
to open AI that's kind of a kind of a
non-competitive thing if it's
true so we'll see where that goes
meanwhile there's something called the
uh let's call it the Trump effect but
this is really an Elon Musk effect that
there's a former highlevel United
Nations guy who wants to do a doge thing
with the UN United Nations because the
United Nations wastes a bunch of money
and doesn't get enough done according to
Morgan Phillips at Fox
News and uh apparently they think they
have a lot of meetings and they don't
accomplish anything well what do you
expect when you decided to create a
organization with like 400 member
states how many how many countries are
there let's say how many countries are
there that are members of the
UN um this will be a good General
Knowledge Test
all right I'm going to take my guest
because I don't I don't know the answer
to this I'm going to tell you my guest
to embarrass myself in public but then
you can do your guess in the comments
don't look don't look it up this is a
general test oh okay you said 190 I was
going to say one
189 for some reason 189 is in my
head and then then somebody I saw Sean
say
190 is that is is it so is it really 189
I'm seeing I'm seeing lots of guesses
that are in the high hundreds all right
well let's say something like that in
the high hundreds okay on
paper if you were going to design the
system in which 189 countries with
completely
different customs and priorities we're
going to get together and have meetings
to decide what to
do were you going to assume that
something efficient was going to happen
about
that I don't know I certainly think they
could probably do some you know be more
efficient but it's kind of
designed in a way that would make
efficiency kind of impossible but I'm
not sure they need it you know it it's
good enough I think that you can always
talk to the other country and there's
always a some kind of a public process
of conversation between countries so I
think that has a little bit of
value but uh imagining that you could
make that efficient well I hope you can
good luck I I just think it's sort of
naturally inefficient but maybe and the
inefficiency I'm not sure makes that
much
difference anyway um so Democrats are
worried because uh Trump's surge with
latino Vos is changing the Congressional
Battleground map you know I want to say
this again but as far as I
know since I make predictions you know
on a regular basis and I do it publicly
I feel like I have to say when I get one
wrong you know it's incumbent upon me to
say oh I predicted that and I got it
wrong but likewise in order to provide
value to you so you can judge whether my
predictions are worth listening to I
should tell you when I get them right
and the thing that that I think is most
useful is when I predict things that are
just way outside of the domain of
anything anybody's predicting for
example predicting that Trump would win
in
2016 before that before that became
popular um but by far one of the just n
of the left field predictions that I got
right is that Latinos would become
Republican
voters now I don't know if they are by
majority
but certainly one of the biggest stories
is that the Democrats didn't understand
that the the Latino voters are by
Nature
culturally really close to
Republicans and if you didn't live among
that culture if you weren't around it
all the time you wouldn't know it
because if you just read the news you'd
say oh uh Latino voter must be Democrat
but if you spend any time in the
community
you as most californ Californians do
just naturally because we're you know
we're we're
saturated they're just the greatest
people you know it's a hell of a good
culture you'll be very happy culturally
you'll be very happy with the Lego
influence anyway so I predicted that and
uh I feel pretty happy about that one so
I guess I'm just
bragging so the big story that is the
news it's real it's a slow news day so
almost all of the news is about people's
reaction to cash Patel being named the
head of the FBI or nominated nominated
we'll see so of course Andrew mccab had
to go and CNN to say it's the worst
thing in the world it's a terrible
development for the men and women of the
FBI and also for the nation that depends
on a high functioning professional
independent FBI I can't take mcab
seriously or CNN about this yeah you
knew that the news was going to be what
do you think I hate it what do you think
I love it but what do you think I hate
it but how about you I love it and then
that would be all the
news so it' be a good day to have a day
off from doing the
news but there are some interesting
things coming out of the cash Patel
thing um he's got he's got a great
breadth of experience that seems
relevant
but not specific to the FBI so that
gives the critics enough to say he has
not been in the FBI for a long time like
people should be I'm not sure that
matters
um but he is definitely loyal to Trump
he is definitely the right kind of brain
he's very smart uh every time I hear him
talk I get a good vibe from him and he
said he wants to release he's been
saying this wants to release the Diddy
tapes and the Epstein
tapes and uh let us
speculate all right so I think most of
you who are watching this live stream
would agree with the statement that you
trust cash Patel is that fair not for
the country as a whole but just people
watching this Liv stream most of you
would think that's a good like a very
good I would say A+
kind of an
employment it's what it feels like it
feels like an A+ like for everything I
want it's all there everything I want
for that
job it's all there so he's got the
Loyalty he's got the brains he's got the
incentive he's got the experience he's
seen what works what
doesn't I like everything about
it so we'll see um but here's what I
don't think think is going to happen I
don't think he's going to release those
things he says he's going to
release I don't think he's going to let
the Diddy tapes out I don't think he's
going to let the Epstein tapes out if he
has him uh I don't think that any of
those secrets are coming
out now I do believe that he's being
honest when he says he wants to release
them so I don't think there's any lying
going on whatsoever what I believe is is
that this is another case of those you
know getting the
talk when when he calls his staff in and
says all right let's get those Diddy
tapes to me and they go um there's
something you need to
know
what um you don't know what's on those
Diddy tapes do you no but we should
release them to the
world uh you're really going to need to
know what's on those before you make
that decision
and then he's going to hear what's
really on them and then he's going to
say oh damn
it and then he's going to find a reason
not to release them or they're going to
be magically corrupted files or they
can't find them or there's a lawsuit or
somebody's preventing it or somebody's
slow walking
it that's the destiny tape all
right such a slow news
there's a story about the influencer
destiny uh allegedly having some um
trist that's on a sex tape I'm not even
going to say who's who who is allegedly
the other person on the sex tape because
I there's no confirmation of
that so I don't think any us any of us
care about a sex life do
we it was hard enough to care about
Destiny who he is it was harder to care
about his opinion about politics and
it's just impossible for me to care
about what he does with his body in his
spare
time I don't think I could be less less
interested than that anyway
so cash is uh cash will not be
uh the expect that there will be no news
from CN CNN or MSNBC about the historic
appointment of a non-white man to lead
the
FBI
now I'm going to hope that the
Republicans do what I like it when they
do which is simply um nominate the
person who look like the best
choice when you when you see cash Patel
nominated for this job I'll bet you
there's not a single one of you who said
it was a Dei
hire right I bet not one of you
now how good is
that as a a as a brand statement about
Republicans consider that consider that
not one of you spent one second thinking
hey it's just because he's brown he's
getting this job they have to have more
brown people how bet not one of you
thought that and do you know why none of
you thought
that because it's not what's happening
he's very obviously a lot of people
people stop choice for the job and
that's the end of the story so
Republicans you are definitely um it
would be so easy it would be so easy for
the Republicans to try to get credit for
this wouldn't it like oh we got you know
look look what we did we nominated
somebody who's not a white man for this
job it's
historic I just hope they don't ever
bring it up like it's okay for me to
bring it up right because we're talking
talk about just stuff having fun but it
would be great if the Republican just
never mentioned it we we picked the best
person and we're
done so yesterday when I was uh posting
on X uh my happiness that Dei was being
thwarted after 30 years of bothering me
uh I've got 2.6 million views on that so
far in one day 2.6 million views now
by contrast a good post of mine would
get
20,000 so this got 2.6 million so far
it's it's climbing while I'm watching it
so there are a lot of people who had the
same opinion about being under the Yoke
of massive racial
discrimination which we may be uh free
from
soon um there's stories that I don't
believe really anything about them but
there reports that George Clooney might
be mad at Obama for allegedly you know
talking him into replacing Biden and
maybe that makes it George Clooney's
fault that Harris lost and therefore
it's George Clooney's fault that Trump
is President is not George Clooney's
fault can can I back George Clooney for
a
minute whatever it
is I'm pretty pretty sure that the the
main problem isn't George
Clooney but the poor poor bastard gets
pulled into it but here's I was trying
to write down all the different things I
heard just
today of what the uh Democrats did
wrong all right so this is based on just
a a glance across today's news so these
are various different um posts on X and
stories in the news and stuff just this
morning so just this morning this is how
many reasons that I've read that people
have speculated as to why the Democrats
lost uh they didn't have a good pod
podcaster influence
network uh they insulted men they were
too smug and insulting to men uh the
Latino Community drifted right did they
drift did they drift or were they always
there
um the smug superiority I think that was
um yeah smug
superiority um they blew it on
immigration that's what Democrats were
saying about themselves they they just
blew it on immigration every anybody
could have seen it coming they treated
immigration um they treated abortion
like it was going to be a bigger button
than immigration and they guessed wrong
turns out immigr immigration was a much
bigger button an abortion and they had
that
backwards um 2.7 million already wow on
my post let's see uh other reasons they
got WR the they had no message for the
working class
voters um they had a bad candidate they
had terrible advisors and they wasted
all their campaign
funds there's so many reasons
that the Democrats
failed they didn't do a single thing
right nothing the most the most
remarkable thing is that the election
was as close as it
was if you if you made a checklist of
all the things you should do right in in
a campaign every one of those would be
Trump check check check yeah yeah check
good yeah good communication yep very
clear uh policies yep they love them um
did you campaign in all the right places
say yes yes yes and you would go right
down the line and it would be a solid
black block of and I'm going to say it
again I
think this recent campaign by Trump will
be seen as the best campaign in
history I think I think it would be the
best campaign in
history but uh if you do everything
right and then you only barely beat the
person who did literally everything
wrong
that does tell you that the system has a
you maybe needs a little
work did I get I can't remember if I
gave you my
hypothesis uh it might be something I
only said in the mancave that I do
separately um did I give you my
hypothesis of why the Democrats are so
crazy right now I mean after the
election uh I'll say it again fast in
case I I may have already done this but
in a normal election you've got two
Liars competing against each other and
everybody knows it's two Liars they know
their own they know their own candidate
is exaggerating but they don't mind
because they like where it's heading
yeah but the other one's lying and vice
versa so then when somebody wins
everybody says well okay it wasn't what
I
wanted it wasn't what I wanted but you
know at least I what the process was
transparent Etc I don't think that's
what happened this
time I think Trump was doing his usual
salesman likee Hyperbole and he was
directionally correct on everything but
you know he he plays fast and loose with
some of the the details and the
statistics like every politician does
but what the Democrats were doing was
they built an entire
reality that didn't have any basis in
any any common sense
whatsoever it was just just batshit
crazy stuff and it just got it kept
solidifying into a harder structure when
it didn't have a basis there was no
Foundation to it it just didn't make any
sense so the next thing you know it was
just one crazy thing after another and
Trump is Hitler and you know suddenly
the Democrats are pro warar and nothing
made sense and then Trump's over there
just sort of saying Common Sense things
like well you know you're not really a
country if your border isn't protected
and people are like H well that does
make a little bit of
sense so what we what we're seeing right
now this is my
interpretation is the Democrats are not
coming off just the loss that would be
bad enough and they're not just mad
because Trump is in charge which again
would be bad enough they're coming off
at
gaslighting if you've never
experienced being gasl
then you have no idea what they're
they're going through their entire
reality has to be restructured in their
head and so literally the brain has to
rewire itself to understand what's
happening and and it appears to be that
some substantial number of Democrats
realized that they were in a
gaslit matrix like weird environment and
that the de and perhaps the Republicans
were
not and and that has everything to do
with the fact that uh Trump got more
votes in total not just in the Electoral
College that was the big
deal when he got more votes and also and
also the Republicans generally won I
think that made the Democrats say how in
the world could anything we've been told
be
true and that's how they got out once
they realized that more than more than
half of the voters that voted
were on the other side and they and they
were looking at the same news they had
to figure out
why and their confusion
and there there's some stories the
Gateway Punda had stories about women
who are getting
sterilized because they don't want to
lose the right to do it
later you know it's just a handful of
crazies but you you do expect massive
mental problems that therapy the the
screaming and I think the the first
election people generally
thought that that they still knew what
they were doing but they lost and so the
the famous woman screaming with the
beanie hat on ah um kind of captured how
people feel this time it's different
this time I think they're coming out of
a genuine psychological bubble a gas
light you know gas light structure and
that the the way it disorients you can
last it could last months because their
brains actually literally physically
have to be Rewritten right like your
brain changes physically when it changes
at all that's the only it has to change
physically or it's not changing so their
brains are actually having to rewrite
themselves to write themselves back into
a reality that makes sense with what
they're observing and experiencing and
that's really hard so good luck with
that meanwhile uh governor hokel of New
York says she's going to help Trump
Deport the illegals with criminal
backgrounds so she's talking tough as as
best you can as a Democrat with
immigration someone breaks the law I'll
be the first one to call up I she says
get them out of here I don't want them
here I don't want any body terrorizing
my citizens now that is the correct take
so so yes thank you Governor okal um but
it's definitely trying to act tougher on
immigration and I think that's the Trump
effect I think people realize that if
they're not talking common sens common
sensibly about immigration then they
just look
crazy yeah
anyway um according to Washington Times
uh Mexican authorities broke up two
migrant Caravans were heading this way
which would suggest that when Trump
threatened to give them that 25%
tariff um that might have been effective
now maybe they would have done it anyway
but it came after the threat
so
yeah so we'll see so that's happening so
the Trump of effect seems to be closing
up the Mexican border the Trump effect
seems to be getting New York State
Governor hok on board at least with
getting rid of the criminals and I think
probably that's all that's going to
happen honestly um but incoming uh
bordar Tom homman according to the
Gateway
pundit um he said he's got a detailed
and aggressive plan to restore order in
the border and after four years of
disastrous open border policies he says
um but he's also going to go after uh
foreign governments and
NOS um and even elements of the United
Nations for their role in fueling the
migrant
surge now how in the world does Tom
homman from his job go after foreign
governments Nos and elements of the
United Nations I guess that would be a
whole of government approach so it would
have to be the the administration itself
going after that I guess but uh that's
what has to happen America has to get
its independence back we we sort of sold
our independence to a a network of
non-government organizations that that
the left was funding that would then
manage the United States so we basically
gave away our sovereignty to some paid
entities that were going to say the say
what Democrats wanted them to say oh
this is fake news or that sort of thing
so yes we actually have to get our
independence back from these foreign and
non-government
entities so I don't know if that's just
Tom homan's job or if that's the whole
government
thing so Joe Biden was shown uh
yesterday photograph just going from one
place to another holding a book that is
called the 100 War year on the 100 Years
War on
Palestine and uh people say it's a book
that suggests that Israel should not
exist and the president's just sort of
casually walking with that book in his
hand like like that's the book He's
currently reading now here's my first
question what was the last time you saw
a
president carrying merchandise from one
place to
another like
anything when do you see a a president
like a sitting president with anything
in their hands even on vacation
they don't carry anything they don't
carry their bath towel if they go to the
beach presidents don't carry stuff so
why would the one thing the one thing
that he knows he's going to be
photograph carrying be a book
that's according to other people
anti-israel some people are saying that
he's sending some kind of a message but
now I'm wondering if it's not AI I
wonder if I look back in 10 minutes as
going to have a community note on it and
say that's not the real book he had in
his hands it's
AI is it possible AI I I I guess I just
question everything now but I don't see
any use to it I mean he's such a lame
duck and nobody cares I mean even Elon
Musk said that Trump is the DEA facto
president he said that on on
X
um so why would he do this if he knows
is provocative but it can't possibly do
anything
useful it feels a little
hoaxy yeah it feels like he might have
been a hoax we'll find
out all
right
um so the uh there's a former NATO Chief
former NATO Chief who thinks that the
hea Israel ceasefire is because of trump
it's another Trump
effect so the Trump effect is definitely
making a difference at least according
to this former NATO
guy did you see the uh threat that Trump
gave to the Nations that are trying to
create their own bricks
brcs um
currency so Trump puts out a statement
that threatens them that if they try to
create their own currency to get away
from the dollar as the you know sort of
International Trade
Currency that uh if they try to do it we
he's going to just tariff the heck out
of
them give them a 100% tariff and they
should expect to say goodbye to selling
into the wonderful US
economy they they could go find another
sucker he
says there's no chance that bricks will
replace the US dollar
now here's what I wonder
so we're watching the Trump effect work
and I think everybody would agree at
this point that there really is a trump
effect that you really are seeing you
know Ukraine and Russia say you know
maybe Trump can wind this down so people
are kind of waiting for him because they
expect he's the common sense big dog
getting off the porch and that uh as
soon as he does there's no point in
doing anything until he gets there
because everything's going to change
do you think that uh this is an
overreach because the bricks countries
seem pretty intent on doing their bricks
thing and I think they think it's
probably important for their long-term
survival
um it is a confusing it's a confusing
topic I'm seeing in the comments bricks
is not a threat to the US dollar I don't
have enough um grasp of that situation
to say yes or no to that comment
but I just wonder if Trump the Trump
effect is strong enough that he can make
the bricks effort go away with just a
threat now they're going to say this
threat is empty because everything we
buy from other countries we sort of have
to it's because nobody else makes it or
doesn't they don't make it affordably
it's not like we buy from other
countries
because we just like it so I'm not sure
how much boycotting we could do if we
tried but it'll be a good test to see if
Trump has that
power um representative uh this is a
Democrat representative Jasmine Crockett
now she's pretty outspoken you've seen
her in some videos where she's saying
some crazy Democrat stuff but she's
saying I don't expect Mass deportations
uh I just really don't see it happening
and she says she's talked to countless
farmers and they're going to say that
they need their workers so she thinks
basically that uh it'll be limited to
the illegals now you know what's
interesting about
that did you connect the dots
yet so it's a
Democrat who you might think would be
the most anti-trump Democrat like really
really anti-trump Democrat
Jeremy Jackson how drunk are you
Jeremy jerem there's one of my trolls is
yelling in all caps that I believe
something I don't believe and therefore
I'm wrong could you at least make up
something that I do believe and then
criticize
that but screaming the opposite of what
I
believe really loudly
uh and drunkenly in the morning is not
getting you whatever you wanted I'm not
sure what you wanted from that but being
wrong about my opinion and really being
mad about it that's not getting you much
so up your game a little bit anyway
Jasmine Crockett the Democrat you'd
expect to be very anti-trump and she's
trying to be but she's helping him
accidentally here's how she's helping
him
accidentally the biggest thing that
people are complaining about with the
incoming Trump is he might be too
aggressive in deporting people and
here's a Democrat saying don't worry he
won't be that aggressive in deporting
people he'll only Deport the people that
even you and I would want deported the
criminals now is she the worst enemy
you've ever
seen I want her to be against me because
she really helped him
there if if the if the person you would
think would be the most
anti-trump just took his scariest policy
and said you know it's going to be no
big deal and probably the things he does
are the things you want him to do get
rid of the
criminals does she realize how dumb she
was she's supposed to say none of this
is working and the world will fall apart
and we'll lose all our workers and all
that and instead she just said it'll all
work out he he'll just get rid of the
people you want him to get rid
of like I I I think she had no idea that
that was the most embracing thing you
could have ever said about him now of
course Trump and Homan would say that's
not true we're going to get rid of you
know anybody here who's here
illegally but she just told the
Democrats they don't have to worry about
it
what this is a weird Trump
effect um then uh New York Times there's
a New York Times article opinion piece
saying that the Republicans built an
ecosystem of influencers and some
Democrats want one too and I saw it
getting mocked because people said
correctly Republicans didn't build
 no no the Republicans did not say
you know what we need would be a network
of loyal podcasters no a network of
podcasters emerged organically because
because Republicans weren't getting the
job
done Republicans didn't do
anything the podcasters were
self-organized around Common
Sense what what do Joe
Rogan and uh and me have in
common it's a good question what do Joe
Rogan and me besides both having a
podcast of sorts what do we have in
common
Common
Sense we we have all kinds of different
preferences of Lifestyle you know very
different lives and and stuff and
backgrounds but we're him bald yeah bald
don't have hair uh but we're both very
organized around what is just common
sense so I don't even see things as as
political I know hard to believe but I
genuinely don't see things as political
I see them as would that work if it
would work I'm in favor of it if it
wouldn't work I'm not in favor of it I
think that's exactly where Joe Rogan is
now I can't read his mind right you
can't get in other people's minds that's
always unfair but if you watch him long
enough it looks like he wants the
country to do
well and he's in favor of things that
are kind of Obviously good ideas and
against things that are obviously bash
you
crazy that's
me we have that in common right what
what is Jordan Peterson want same stuff
wants the country to do well well the
world Canada
too so the thing that we so so here's
the problem so let me restate it and
then you'll see the
problem the Republican what they call
the Republican network of podcasters
it it grew up because there were a bunch
of
adults I used to say dads but I'll desex
ify it call it adults Megan Kelly's just
killing it for example in the Pod
podcasting space well I'll do it for
real let me do it for Megan Kelly and
for Roseanne and for the the many women
who are doing a great job in the
podcasting space so I I'll I'll modify
from internet dads to internet parents
and
and I think that all of them grew grew
into that space and became what they
were and are because there was a
need there was a need there there was a
gigantic hole that just wasn't being
filled by um Republicans saying what
they thought needed to be said and so
they filled the hole but they filled it
with common sense if you turn on Megan
Kelly is it going to be bad crazy
stuff no
it's all going to be this is the law
this makes sense what make you know
right and you could go right down the
line you know the the cons conservative
right-leaning
podcasters some of them are Democrats
they just like common sense so they look
like
Republicans now here's the fun
part the part where it says Democrats
want to uh replicate that
situation okay how would that work
so the right leing podcasters are
organized around Common Sense would you
agree with that statement first of all
that that's the the organizing principle
is hey the country's in trouble we're
not following common sense let's get
back to what we know
Works Democrats can't do that the
Democrats were literally the Basia crazy
stuff they were the opposite of Common
Sense on every
topic on on every topic they were the
opposite of common
sense
so what do you do if they were to put
together a podcasting Network and there
are plenty of left leing podcasts but if
they were to make them even you know
more prominent somehow they would be
prominently bashia crazy so what kind of
an organizing principle is that yeah
let's get all the batshit crazy ideas
and we'll put them all together and
we'll have this strong casting structure
no it worked on the right because
Americans said well that makes sense oh
uh it doesn't look like Joe Rogan wants
to lie to
me you know what I just had this
idea it could be that the main thing
that podcasters do differently from um
politicians is they have less incentive
to lie to
you um some I saw somebody in the
comments recently say that that using me
as an example that I don't have any
reason to lie to
anybody that's
true like even if you suspected I was
wrong about something because
everybody's wrong about stuff right
being wrong is no big
deal but when you see me being wrong you
probably don't think I'm lying you
probably just think oh he needs to you
know read up on this topic or something
but when you see a politician saying
something you know isn't true you
usually think they're
lying so one of the things the
podcasters did would was to give you a
place you could see views that at least
people held the actual
view like if if you see you know I hate
to use every example being Joe rogans
let's use the Allin pod for example now
they're not all right leaning of course
because Jason represents a lefter
version but uh they're just chasing what
makes sense and they're doing it in
front of you and telling you how to
think and that's what I try to do so I
don't think I don't think I don't think
the Democrat set of policies is based on
common sense and therefore they have no
unifying you know Trump trump is bad
orange man bad it's not really
unifying so good luck with that
Democrats well like I said it's a weird
day with no real news I was trying to
vamp a little bit stretch down you know
make it last a little bit longer but
there's not much happening all the big
news will drop tomorrow although I guess
the holidays will get a little
slow but I'll say again it's kind of
amazing that
Trump um this is how you know Common
Sense has
reappeared the fact that Trump can be
the deao
president and even the Democrats are not
bitching about it
I have to give them credit and and it's
it's more evidence that the whole
gaslighting structure fell apart because
it would be so easy for Democrats to say
oh Trump is not the elected president
yet he's not sworn in well he's elected
but he's not sworn in so he can't be
negotiating with all these world leaders
and having dinner with Trudeau but
nobody's saying
that isn't it isn't it like deafening
the silence it's the most obvious thing
because it's true he's
clearly doing a president's job before
he's
president but Common Sense tells us
that's our very best situation because
Common Sense tells us that Biden is
checked out and that we need to show a
better face to the leaders of the other
countries and if we can show them
somebody who's capable and strong and
has very specific ideas that the country
just backed by a major election yeah get
to work right
away and watching Trump um
simply I don't want to say
bully but but step into the
breach watching him just step into the
need in the same way that the
conservative podcasters I believe
stepped into the the empty hole of you
know what needed to be filled I think
Trump just says there's no president you
better start talking to me right
away and you know he'll he'll be polite
and make sure that he gets sworn in
before the serious stuff happens but it
certainly makes sense that he's getting
really serious and doing real work right
now and I can't tell you how much I love
that like when I see somebody doing more
work than uh we we hired them
for that affects me
like like that has one of the biggest
effects so even though Trump is you know
he's he's a showman and he's a special
kind of person you know not like anybody
else the fact that in both his
elections he he hit the ground running
and he was presidenting like crazy
before the
swearin I have so much respect for that
I just love that
so I would like to also give you the
following mental model and see if you
agree with
it it's one thing to have a an opinion
you know Republicans had a lot of
opinions and it differed from a lot of
Democrats but I think you saw
Republicans do something that I'm not
sure I've seen Democrats do you remember
what when uh Roseanne took a bullet so
to speak but then she came back now she
has one of the bigger more important
podcasts you know when uh the left went
after Joe Rogan and they went after him
hard and it turned him into the number
one podcaster in the
world yet and you've seen person after
person who got
cancelled uh Bannon Bannon took a prison
sentence
he didn't go down they took their best
shot didn't go
down uh I got
cancelled didn't
apologize didn't go
down and by the time Trump took a
bullet and didn't go
down that's when you knew it was for
real because we needed that many people
on the same side to take a bullet and
not go down
and some of the people that I'm talking
about took a cannonball through the
chest and didn't go
down and I think that makes it a lot
safer for the people who have more to
lose you know I mean not everybody has
the option of being as Brave as you'd
like to be you may have kids you may
have a family bills to pay we have our
responsibilities but I think that the
the right the right leaning side of the
country bought their
success by not going down J bakara yeah
Jay bakara the people who didn't go down
during the pandemic they said I'm not
going to get the vaccination for example
they they they didn't go
down they they stood for it and they
said you can do whatever you have to do
but we're not going down the January
Sixers
went to jail for
years but they didn't back
down they didn't
apologize they didn't say I'm
sorry and when they're released and I
believe they will be fairly soon they
yet again will be more people on the
right who took a cannon ball through the
chest Never back
down so that kind of pet Navaro went to
jail didn't back
down yeah even even
milania you know you'd expect Melania to
say uh can we have a conversation um
Donald whatever you do do not run for
president for a third time wouldn't it
be easy for
Melania to back down and try to talk him
out of it no we don't know what private
conversations they they had but to me it
looks like she's all in looks like she
didn't back down her husband took a
bullet she still didn't back
down so there when you see you know the
bill
lans's pouring in and the you know a lot
of the uh the tech
leaders when you see Elon Musk risk Elon
Musk risk his entire
Fortune you know he risked everything
right you risked everything didn't back
down did not back down
so I think that maybe that's a power
that the Democrats can't understand
can't see directly and maybe we'll never
fully appreciate that if you have an
adversary that you can put cannonballs
through their chest and they just blink
and don't go
down you might as well give up
CU we're not giving up we're not
giving
up as I said in my uh my uh post on X
that got I guess 2.7 million views so
far I waited 30 years for
this I had to shut my mouth for 20 of
those years but I didn't back
down I just
waited I waited until I had the tools to
do what I needed to do and I did what I
needed to do I'm very happy about it by
the way does anybody ever wonder if I
regret getting
cancelled not there hasn't been a single
second of my life that I regretted it
not not one time did I think you know
maybe if I said it differently not once
nope said what I wanted to say took a
bullet through the chest didn't
apologize didn't go down and now we get
our president
Trump and that's the reward the golden
age is
here the golden AG is
here well it was rather disruptive um I
I may have I may have concealed from you
the the degree of um effort that is
required to recover from being fully
canceled
worldwide it requires a little bit of
work yeah a little bit of
work Joshua lysac very very important to
that so thank you
Joshua um I also had a really good
year just in general it was kind of a
good
year all right I'm going to talk to the
uh locals people privately because it's
a Sunday and we don't have much to say
but uh everything's different now you
can feel it it's all coming together I
don't know who's authoring this
simulation but sure is going my way a
lot that's all I know for
sure all right locals coming at you
privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for