doo-doo-doo bum bum bum bum bum bum mmm
hey everybody come on in here we've got
a very special coffee with Scott Adams
it's the second day of what I'm calling
the summer of love we're going to turn
from the partisan bickering that we've
been enjoying for the past two years and
I do say enjoying because it's kind of
fun that it's kind of corrosive it's
time to start thinking positively and
today is all about the positivity today
is about solutions today is about coffee
with Scott Adams and we'll be
introducing bill pulled a in a moment
but first do you have your beverage and
are you ready for the simultaneous hip
everybody oh that's good simultaneous
sipping right there so as I said I'm
gonna I'm pivoting over this summer to
talk about things that work things that
are inspiring things that are just good
news and I'm hoping that some of you
will join me in the switch to positivity
it's easy to be bickering with people
but every now and then you find somebody
like Bill Paul Tay I'll introduce in a
second who is a solution-oriented get it
done make the world a better place kind
of person and I think we all need to
hear more about that so let me introduce
bill so bill Polti is a businessman and
founder of the blight Authority blight
in this context is an urban area that's
rundown and neglected and they're
involved the blight Authority is
involved with a wide scale removal of
blight in other words the buildings
themselves in America's inner cities
bills work has been nationally
recognized by Forbes magazine CNBC MSNBC
and Bill was named Michigan Ian of the
Year by the Detroit News for
transforming Detroit neighborhoods the
toughest place you could possibly
imagine
to make anything better and he's doing
in two beautiful areas bill was named a
top 50 philanthropist the United States
by Town and Country magazine I think I'm
gonna put him higher than that top 10
top 5 maybe in I'd like to introduce
bill bill say hi to everybody you're
talking to a few thousand Scott I'm
hoping our sound is hearing and Bill
could you describe where you've done
this work just just give us the the high
level what exactly are you doing and
where have you done it so far sure so
we're looking to bring our model to a
bunch of different cities we've gone to
the city of Detroit which obviously is
very famous they were not abandoned
homes in fact there's over 30,000 it's
pretty hard to believe 30,000 abandoned
homes in Detroit and then the other city
that we've done work in is called
Pontiac which is in Pontiac Michigan and
we've done a tremendous job there as
well we're looking to go to other cities
right now we're looking at Chicago we're
looking at parts of Ohio
Frank we've been talking to Baltimore a
lot recently unfortunately Scott so many
cities across the United States have
this abandoned housing crisis and as far
as we know we are the only kind of wide
scale solution to fixing this housing
crisis that exists in urban America and
that is specifically blight rundown
homes and we can talk a little bit about
what happens and why this is so some of
our cities you know let me let me fill
in some texture here now you you are a
private organization or is it a
public-private organization we are a
non-profit is therefore when we work
with a private public organization but I
make no money on it and you know media
and everybody wondering you know what
money is involved with all this I am
totally a hundred percent nonprofit on
this issue and that gives me total
clearance because I'm able to just get
the jet so in the case such as Detroit
Detroit had massive amounts of blight
buildings that were just filled with
crime and drugs and prostitution and
that sort of thing
they they had a budget to do something
right but they just didn't have the
resources to figure out how to use that
money is that true they did so imagine
that so Detroit's actually a hundred and
thirty-five square miles so you could
basically set Paris in San Francisco
the city limits of Detroit but the way
that the government had always taken
down homes was they would take down one
home here one home here one here what
we've done Scott is we've gone in with a
holistic approach we concentrated in a
particular geography and we go into a
neighborhood that's really suffering so
for example and one but we went into ten
city blocks in one neighborhood we
combine it all together so we didn't do
this
scattershot approach we run into this
neighborhood cleared up ten blocks of
blight Scott and days so we cleared out
two hundred and eighteen level it was a
big area for prostitution there were two
properties in the area they left and
fleet the area of the drug stopped
everything stops when we came in with
our bulldozers knocked down the bad
buildings the people who are living in
the perimeter they were able to live
there happily a gunshot stopped and the
prostitution and the drug activity moved
out you know I talked with my audience
all the time about the power of
persuasion and especially the especially
visual persuasion and how that could
have pressed affect your psychology your
optimism and everything else so you say
as you just mentioned the old way of
doing it was you'd find a building and
you'd tear it down but it was still
surrounded by other buildings that are
full of crime and problems so the only
way to basically like a tree falling in
the woods and nobody knowing it even
happen that was West or now compare that
to your approach which is taking out
entire contiguous areas and and I
understand that you make a big show of
that with the big equipment did you do
it in a compressed time which shows yes
a tremendous amount of action it's
visual yes it's exciting it's big it's
noisy and and because people just come
to watch don't they you fundamentally
it's a veritable said what you just said
we fundamentally alter reality in these
neighborhoods you know we fundamentally
change the psyche of people in real-time
so when they walk in in the more
into these neighborhoods can imagine
it's gloomy it's dark you've got these
abandoned homes and then all of a sudden
our machines come in and it's a look
it's a ray of light and it's loud and it
just people psychology people come out
on the streets they're cheering for us
it really is a moment that is if
spectacular in these cities cuz these
people haven't heard many of these folks
haven't heard from people from Scott for
10 20 30 years you know they get they
call the police sometimes and the police
won't show up for an hour or two imagine
if something happens and do that so
we're coming there and we're offering
real solutions as you said are visual
and so people actually start to bully
like yeah right so there there's nothing
that succeeds like success
so everybody believes that whatever
they're seeing is a trend even if it
isn't you know that your mind naturally
goes to well if this is happening
there's gonna be more of that tomorrow
so in the past in the past what they saw
was more blight every day every day they
woke up and well there's more blight I
guess tomorrow is gonna be more blight
you go in there and you totally shake
the box and you say look there there's
your blight it's gone now and and next
week we're going to work out another
block and there that blight is going to
and what that does is it opens up
possibilities in people's minds right
they see an empty field in in you know
real estate that's within a city you you
normally don't see that much empty real
estate and you just started thinking
what can we do with this you know what
you know what's the upside we'll talk
about the upside in a moment but give me
an idea of how important that will the
size of this how how much have you done
and do you have any sense of how much
more could be done in the same way well
much could be done I think in fact I
think like could be totally eliminated
from the United States if we had the
right leadership I think that there's a
lot of momentum on this issue frankly
Scott but if we took all across the
United States you could fundamentally
transform urban America and I think that
my people are excited about what I'm
doing I'm doing you know I've gone to
the White House I've gotten great
reception and really you know spoken
with Mary Carson
I think that there's a lot of momentum
and there's a lot of other people who
are doing this to answer your question
specifically we eliminated ten blocks in
10 days just don't knocked it oh yeah
let me stop and pause on that because
that is such an impressive number there
were 10 blocks of building blocks so
yeah 10 city blocks of buildings in
Detroit right yes in Detroit that that
he may disappear in 10 days imagine
imagine watching 10 blocks disappear in
10 days that that changes the way yeah
that changes the way you think and and
do you have any sense of have you done 1
percent of what needs to be done in
urban America's is it 10 percent yeah
how much of a dent are you putting in it
it definitely is 1 percent in terms of
the total scope less than 1% but it's a
hundred percent of the areas that we've
come on to and so that's totally where I
died so give me another example we went
into a city called a neighborhood called
Brightmoor in Detroit and anybody who
knows Detroit knows that Brightmoor is
one of the toughest areas let's put it
that way
drug activity gunshots tougher we went
into bright more and in under 30 days we
cleared out the steady block of blight
when I talk about it's over 500 lines so
we were able to knock down not only
busing our partners eventually were able
to knock down not only homes but also
clean up trash and debris
what's amazing Scott is in these urban
areas we're actually dumping trash on
people's lives we collected over 300 car
tires we collected n boats we collected
over 200,000 pounds of trash this is
what people are having to live around in
our area and that's what we've been able
to clear so we've cleared a hundred
percent of the areas that we've gone to
and to talk a little bit I know you're
going to talk about in a second one
comes out back but this is now almost
like a park I mean people are calling it
like the Irish Hills of Detroit it's got
these rolling fields when before hand it
was all trash so I would say we've
knocked out a hundred percent of the
stuff focused on
and across the United States oh wow all
right so that's amazing and in a moment
I want you all to be thinking who are
watching this we're gonna answer they're
going to ask you for some suggestions
about what would be the best thing to do
with with this new land that's available
what's what's the best thing for the
inner cities so think about that well
will I talk about this I've been trying
to figure out talking to people who are
smarter than I am
about how do you handle you know that
the total problems in the inner cities
and the thing that people who know more
than I do which is a lot of people say
consistently is that if you don't if you
don't fix the crime nothing else works
there there there's definitely a
starting place and starting places crime
and since you're making such a big dent
in that one would think that you know
you've got you've gotten closer to the
root problem than I've ever since then
I've ever seen anybody get with any
other kind of project thank you for
saying that but fundamentally you have
to change the visual landscape of these
neighborhoods in the environment that
people are living in and for instance
when a kid can't walk to school safely
because they're afraid of a predator
being in one of these abandoned homes by
the way the true story I mean most
people don't know this but you know in
Detroit there are kids who are working
about people coming out and dragging
them and raping them
excuse the word but it's we got to
identify the problem in order to solve
the solution here so you know a lot of
politicians don't like me saying you
know these things but that is they're
more interested in poll numbers I'm more
interested in solving the problem but
you know literally kids get raped in
these buildings
I mean this shouldn't happen in America
so we're going in and we're knocking
down these buildings and so when that
kid does get to school if that kid gets
to school if the kid gets to school they
can properly study so I appreciate you
saying that in many ways that is the
root cause I actually believe that it is
and I've never seen anything like it and
many people who have not even worked for
decades have never seen anything like
what we're able to do when we go up
these neighborhoods
yeah then so in your introduction when I
was saying that I think you know you
you're a closer to the top philanthropy
wise in the United States is you know
somebody can write a check but who knows
where that's governing how well that's
being used but people don't like to do
the dirty work yeah I mean you're you're
going to some of the worst places and
doing the hardest least least rewarding
kind of jobs but it is the root cause so
so you went after the actual problem you
know it's not it's not just for the show
so let's talk let's change this to the
positive now we it's all positive that
you've got rid of the bite but rather
than talking about the bright let's say
let's think of some ideas for what to do
they're all pride in the pump here by
I'd suggested that there are a number of
companies smart to startups especially
we're trying to figure out how to
rapidly build low-income housing with
robots and everything else so there may
be cool things that people can do as
projects there may be experimental
companies that just need cheap real
estate possibly startups Bill have you
seen other ideas that people suggested
for the use of this this cleared
property well one of the things that
works real good is that people naturally
expand their property so for instance
let's take the set ten city blocks right
beautiful land now totally clear what
these people actually can do in some
cases for like a dollar a lot they can
take an adjacent lot one of the that is
in order to in order to keep kind of the
integrity of the area and the beauty of
the area now that it's been officially
cleaned up is how do you preserve it and
so what we've done is in the government
that we've worked with have turned to
the residents and said hey would you
want to own the property next to it so I
would say you know you can build on it
to your home in one case Scott and you
know again better remember the
environment that these folks are in you
know they were able at uh they were able
to add a playground for their kids
and so you know we've actually been able
to increase their property ownership by
the people who have a vested interest in
the success of the land the other thing
that I've heard and I have no interest
in doing it myself and I'm
philanthropic it is I understand in some
of the areas that we've gone to in
Detroit there's been a lot of developer
interest so what happened was when we
cleared the slate it finally gave people
the visual understanding of what
happened in area and so you can
basically see a way where developments
could happen another thing that we've
been talking about with a actual NBA
team has been putting a basketball court
in one of the areas that we worked in so
these are the kinds of things that we've
looked at so far Scott but I'd like to
ask you in your audience you know what
ideas do they have you put into these
areas because that really is this be
part of the equation we haven't figured
out I'll leave you with one last thought
and then maybe you know you can take it
or we could hear somebody both but you
know people always say you know what
goes here after the fact and in my
opinion there's kind of like four steps
to this whole thing I've only step one
but I can tell you right now we won't
get to three or four until we take care
of step one so I would just leave you
with that thought but I really need help
figuring out step two or because we
haven't quite figured that one out admit
it yeah so I'm seeing people saying
ideas like urban farms and after-school
programs midnight basketball just just
looking at a lot of people are saying
farming ideas we'll talk about that in a
moment
corporate headquarters bill have you
done any research on if you could do it
what it would be the one most useful
thing to do is it put a charter school
is it put a basketball court if you
could if there was one thing that made
the most difference boys and girls clubs
of the same education what where do you
think is the biggest lever trade school
Lois's we've also seen urban farming and
people actually been bringing bees and
honey into some of these urban areas
that we've cleaned up to answer your
question specifically I think that app
we've done this really what folks in
these neighborhoods need is jobs and I
think that if there was some kind of
incentives or some kind of security I
think that the fact when people walk
into
these neighborhoods when they're
beautiful and clean people from an
economic standpoint they I want to put a
manufacturing plan here I want to put a
business here so I actually think that
would be a huge thing I know they have
these economic zones them work there in
terms of understanding and I think that
if you were really able to mash this
blight and move across the United States
with some of these incentive programs
not only could you clean up areas and
make them beautiful and potentially ad
development and housing to them but you
could actually have economy thriving
with neighborhoods I really firmly
believe that Scott I mean these people
are look I met these people are
hardworking people at that point
actually it's got it got to mention one
thing we're going into these
neighborhoods and people say to me you
know how are you able to get away with
you know not getting or something like
this and I say well I partner with the
and I would just say the real humans who
are amazing people and when you come
into their neighborhood they will work
tirelessly I mean these are hardworking
people be actually employed to got most
of the people as laborers they would
clean up we train them as mission
comprar about asbestos in these homes
and we've given them jobs though I
really think the positive force here is
employment and then obviously there's
ideas on it but if we have a thriving
economy in these areas could have a real
statement could have good education
you'll have you'll have the sex so
employment so you want so if you could
do one thing to make it better it would
be jobs that are there reasonably good
jobs that almost requires a factory
doesn't it in some cases yes in some
cases no you know there's been a lot of
stuff art got with urban farming for
example there could be some urban
farming businesses that could support
the local community now in of abandoned
homes you can't clear 20:38 about urban
farming so yes I think that means I
think business on urban farming would be
one this could be it could be pretty
incredible the possibilities
and have you ever heard of the the
phrase of food equality No
so that's something I heard from a
hawker ooh some black lives matter now
apparently one of the big you know the
one of the big variables in school
performance and and also violence is
food so if people are eating the right
kind of food you know in other words
they have a good diet they perform
better they're less angry and apparently
there's some science to that now when we
talk about urban farming I don't think
it would be efficient to actually just
grow outdoors right you're talking about
an indoor farming facility or no
actually both actually both I mean it's
amazing what's happening and I'm trying
to stay positive here we haven't yet had
that opportunity to really ban that
because some of these areas they just
don't have the land these these
abandoned homes are scattered all
throughout the city and Detroit the but
an interesting thing going on right now
people actually using bees and using
honey and using that in terms of the
blight and actually I think those are
pretty viable business so again I don't
have this equation figured out that's
why I would be really interested folks
anything I have a small investment in a
company in this building indoor or farms
I'm not going to pimp the investment but
the point is that I've seen it up close
and they're there there are a lot of
firms that are in this space now and I
would think that they're looking for a
cheap space and cheap labor to take it
to the next level because they want they
want to build something but cost is cost
is really everything right if you're
doing indoor for all right so if there's
anybody listen to this as a connection
to any indoor farming people by the way
if somebody had a great idea and wanted
to take advantage of this how could they
contact the right person to I don't know
when they contact the blight Authority
or somebody else to actually use the
land sure yes just blight Authority mail
is our email we've got a lot of
volunteers through that through twitter
scott at simple hello can you say that
again we get we lost the connection just
for a moment when you said the address
it's an email address yes authority at
gmail.com we've got a lot of volunteers
from that from that as well also my my
at symbol on twitter is at multi and
I've urged people to tweet ideas at me
frankly Scott much like you've done I've
been able to get some bonds from this
some good ideas so I can direct message
people on there and what if anybody has
ideas please a tweet at me at Polti pql
alright so at PU LTE or email blight
Authority at gmail.com I saw a question
go by that I meant to ask who owns who
owns all this land after it's clear this
will shock people but in many cases and
these urban cities the government is
actually the largest or one of largest
and owner in the city we didn't talk a
lot about this earlier in this segment
here but the big problem is foreclosure
and what happens does a lot of these
terms gets foreclosed and so evitable
eat the government owns up so that's
actually one of the bunch of things that
happens in terms of being on the blight
it's terrible the other thing but the
government owns them so you know the
artists don't know it's sort of the good
news bad news whenever I see a disaster
I always say to myself well there's
something good in here we just have to
figure it out and urban blight is an
enormous disaster but one of the the odd
outcomes of that after you've cleared
the land is that the ownership of all
these contiguous blocks is the same
entity the city so that that's like an
opportunity that you wouldn't get if you
hadn't had this problem so sort of the
like to give it away the government like
to give it away to people who could do
something with it and frankly that's
where the opportunity is for your
listeners and for a lot of other people
across the United States is the
government probably in many cases from
governance I've spoken to you don't
really want to own this land
yeah the government doesn't want this
land and they would give it to you sell
it to you for a dollar what's the
situation there in many cases a dollar a
piece you know I don't not to up to
speed on it but if you want as large
swathes of contiguous land it probably
cost more that's just you know me
thinking out loud but the government
does not want to be in this I mean if
you may remember when to treatment
through its bankruptcy there was bull
thing of whether this land was an asset
or a liability and what we're trying to
do is take it from a liability and turn
it into an asset
unfortunately though you know a lot of
this land is still available for a low
price
but if we go in there and do a good job
and then other people come after us
hopefully it'll be worth a lot more than
the dollar into the future there's a
question that says what are the Lots
zoned for which is a good question and
related to that I saw another question
which is are the local governments are
helping or are they part of the problem
I mean I'm going to say that they're
helping otherwise you wouldn't have been
able to do what you've done well let me
say this I would say that I've been
uniquely able to go into these
governments and deal with politicians
both Republicans and Democrats I call
this a bipartisan issue though I go in
there and I really partner with
well you've talked a lot about the
prison's of the mind and I firmly
believe that by talking to people about
this solution we are breaking people out
of how they thought about it when you're
able to do that with some of these folks
they're working both the bureaucratic
people as well as pop nisshin's we've
actually been able to break them out of
that mental prison and they've partnered
with us beautifully in fact they've
thought through some of the solutions on
this issue so my experience has been
that it's be difficult it is difficult
but would you write partners or you work
closely enough the government can work
very easily on this to get to your
second question about the zoning that
definitely is an issue but I would say
it's a very small issue because if you
go to the government or my experience
has been if you go to the government in
some of these urban areas and you have a
legitimate good idea that the community
is behind often you can rezone so it
really comes down to the merit of your
idea and with
you can get it done how long do you
think you would take for somebody who
had a good idea to get res owned you
even though it's possible and the system
exists for that and everybody wants it
could it still take a long time just
because that's the way cities work and
and I would guess that if if you were
behind the idea it might get down a
little bit faster but yes all right so
I'm looking at the yes look for somebody
asked to clarify your Twitter it's at
cult a pul te all right so just looking
at people's comments coming back
somebody who's asked a few times what
you think about cops on foot instead of
being in their cars that that's a little
off of your beat but it's it's one of
the things you can imagine for these
areas once they're transformed I don't
know the others opinions I think so far
is if you get rid of the blight the need
for the police and the need for the fire
officials frankly goes down so that
would be really my only comment and I'll
tell you in some cases there are
thousands of fires on abandoned homes in
many of these cities a year and in some
cases the fire department is one of the
biggest parts of the budget because go
out there and provide fires and in
buildings you know people are are
something these these buildings so I
would just say that if you get rid of
the blight it takes care of a lot of the
problems with the police and a lot of
problems with the fire and these people
in these urban neighborhoods in my
experience they they're amazing people
they just want somebody to help clean
thing up and they don't have bulldozers
and machines to go in there and knock
the stuff down so that would be my
thought yeah okay so I'm just looking at
the comments now so any other ideas for
what to do with that land you know I do
like the idea of
using them for technology forward ideas
there must be people who want to you
know build structures that are the you
know the the best technological
structures the one that's the cheapest
there they're the companies doing the 3d
printing if you ever wanted a place to
do a thing that hasn't been done before
and is also cool and helpful it feels
like this would be the place in I I'd
have to say indoor farming looks like a
good bet for some event but I don't know
how many jobs that produces so I think I
would go for a cha four jobs over indoor
farms although that might be part of it
yeah bill have you have you seen any
types of businesses in particular that
are just ideal in terms of the types of
people they need for the jobs and it
uses a lot of it I'm thinking of things
like call call centers where there's a
high density of employees the space has
anybody suggested a thing that that just
jumps out is the obvious kind of
business you do out there yeah I think
call centers would be a huge one to your
point of God do we need fact that in
call centers would be here the other
thing is that in many of these urban
neighborhoods Scott the infrastructure
has not been updated for 20-30 years and
so if somebody wants the job right now
in an urban environment there's a whole
thing in great right now about how you
know if you want a job in my suburbs you
have to travel
God knows how long in the suburbs so the
really kind of a you know you caught the
you know the Golden Age the Golden Age
of you know being it factories into
these urban environments and really
create an opportunity for people who
frankly haven't had opportunity in 10 20
30 years Wow so yeah just by just by
having affordable housing we're closer
to the jobs has got to do a big part of
the solution right we're having a little
bit of clipping on the audio now so I
think we're gonna we're gonna wind down
because I think we said said what we
need to thank and thank you so much not
only for joining me on the periscope for
the but for the work you're doing this
is exactly the sort of thing that the
the Golden Age as we like to say you
know it's sort of perfect for that I
like it for its example I like it for
its optimism its inspiration and I think
the country owes you a big debt because
anybody who thinks they can help out in
some way you know how to firemen and I'm
gonna thank you for for joining us thank
you
all right thanks boy all right that was
Bill coming to me coming to us through
the Wynn hub interface app our
connection wasn't as strong there at the
ends of the the sound we got a little
choppy I'm not going to go too much
further on this I want to keep it on
this single topic I'm going to figure
out how to get better audio to do this
model having a microphone on the phone
is not ideal but we can we can improve
that as we go let's keep it optimistic
let's let's focus on what works and
let's have a great summer