but up bum-bum-bum-bum-bum poem
hey Joanne hello Melton hello
whatever that name is come on in here
gather round
it's time it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams
it's your favorite time of the day it's
the time you look forward to you
probably already have your beverage
ready your your mug your cup your vessel
your chalice your a glass with your
beverage could it be coffee it might be
it's time for the simultaneous n join me
mmm
well it looks like the hurricane is
disappointing the news organizations by
being only a mid-sized major
life-threatening disaster so that
probably took some of the steam out of
the storm chasers but we're glad it's
smaller than it needs to be I'm gonna
make a note about something you just
said there so I got a few topics you may
know that comedian Norm Macdonald has
sent a few things that got people buzzin
and then when he tried to clarify it he
said something else they got people
buzzin again now I'm not gonna repeat
any things any of the things that norm
said because then people get on me for
saying the same things but I will I will
say this his new talk show on Netflix
debuts on Friday
I'm definitely watching that so Friday
Netflix Norm Macdonald you should really
check that out I've got a feeling that's
gonna be really good I'll definitely be
watching now you saw that Jamie Dimon
of banker jamie dimon of JPMorgan said
in some kind of a speech that he could
beat Trump if he ran for president and
Trump of course batted him back and said
that he's a nervous-looking speaker
which is one of trumps best getting in
your head plays he tells his opponents
that they're nervous which makes them
look nervous and everybody's looking for
their nervousness is it's a hilariously
effective thing to say that people don't
really say in public but when he started
saying that about Rubio you remember
when he was basically saying those
things about Rubio I thought oh my god I
would hate it if somebody said that
about me imagine you're running for
president or something and you're you
know you're of course you're concerned
or nervous about how you look because
you're running for president and the
very first frame that somebody puts on
on you is nervous yeah he's just sort of
nervous and I'm confident it's
hilariously effective but then jamie
dimon apparently took it back said he'd
you know he didn't mean it the way it
you shouldn't I think he said he
shouldn't have said he should run for
president and he clarified by saying
that he could never he could never get
nominated because the progresses would
never nominate him and I thought to
myself well that's absolutely true
because I don't see Democrats nominating
for president a white male do you this
seems I mean anything's possible but in
you know 2018 and Beyond I think those I
think that boat has sailed the
Democratic Party has largely become the
female party you know obviously there
are plenty of men in it but in terms of
their priorities in terms of who they're
likely to have as a candidate in terms
of who they're likely to support for a
leader top two people on the
list of power candidates our Elizabeth
Warren and Kamala Harris so those are
the top two Cory Booker probably had a
chance until he until he gave himself
his own permanent
so Spartacus probably is not going to
make it to the final two but between
between Elizabeth Warren and Kamala
Harris assuming that their skill levels
are kind of similar I don't see how
Warren can be the nominee and here's why
in order for the Democrats to win they
have to have something like you know 90
plus percentage of the african-american
vote now running a white candidate
probably keeps some people home Kamala
has got enough you know ethnic interest
going on there that you might get people
to vote so it seems to me that the left
almost has to end up with Kamala Harris
it's too early to say lots could happen
between now and then there could be
surprises etc but if you're just a
straight line it and there were no new
surprises
I'd say Kamala Harris would be the
candidate they don't have a chance with
anybody else
I don't think and they probably don't
have a chance with her either but she
might be the strongest I'd have to see
more of her in public to be here you
sure about that
all right so that's one did everybody
see the Google video from 2016 in which
the management team was having a full
staff or you know I guess an open staff
meeting
with a big group of people right after
the election if you haven't seen it it
lasts around an hour it's worth watching
the whole thing
so it's an exclusive that Breitbart got
somehow that got
the video and to me the whole thing was
jaw-dropping if you if you've lived in
one version of the movie as I call it
you know I've said that on election day
the the world split into two movies but
they were playing on the same screen at
the same time and if you've only seen
the happy that Trump got elected movie
and you haven't actually spent you know
time looking at the other movie you
really have to see this it's it will
change your entire impression of what's
going on it did for me now you might say
to yourself okay I already know that the
tech people wanted Hillary Clinton I
already know that they're not going to
be happy that she lost and you think to
yourself I kind of already know what
that video is going to be about right
and that's what I thought because we've
all seen the videos of the the people
crying when Hillary lost we see the
people screaming at the sky we've seen
the protesters so we think we know what
that mindset was like but you don't know
until you watch this video so here's
what was just a jaw-dropping about it
for me to watch the leaders of one of
the biggest companies in the world one
of the biggest public companies in the
world the entire leadership team in
front of an auditorium full of employees
speaking as though there could not
possibly be any Trump supporters in that
room that's it this whole giant room of
all these leaders and all these
employees that matter how many of the
were hundreds maybe but they spoke as
though it's obvious that there would be
no Trump supporters in that room and if
there were they would not be appreciated
see nobody nobody said those words but
it was very clear that if you
were a Trump supporter in that room you
kept your freaking head down because
they made it very clear you were not
welcome I've never seen anything like
that in a corporate environment so the
big companies that I work for were a big
bang public bank and a big phone company
and if you had said anything like
anything that those executives said in
in those companies I'm pretty sure you
would have been removed from your job
you know could IBM could somebody the
IBM stand up and say man it's a tragedy
that that this president got elected and
make you seem that anybody who supported
that candidate was an inferior human
being in some way because that's pretty
much what that meeting was about that's
how that's how it came across to me and
then the next jaw-dropping part is there
was a sort of a casual mess to the fact
that they needed to change things and
and I don't know how to say this to get
all the importance across because it's
it was so casual Google was talking
about changing the result next time
because they didn't like this result now
the way they talked about it and the
reason it was casual is because they
were talking about it in terms of
improving the tools so you say to
yourself well of course you want to
improve the search tools you want to get
rid of the fake news you know on some
level those things were all things we
all agree with right but the way they
talked about it was that they were going
to make changes to get a different
political outcome that felt like what
they assumed was the right thing to do
oh my god oh my god the casual evil that
I don't think anybody in that room would
have regarded as evil in fact they would
have regarded as the opposite of evil
because they would have said that were
you know we want the process to be more
fair you know to match our values to to
get a good outcome for the world I mean
I don't think that they had the evil
self intentions in other words they
would not have labeled their own actions
anything like evil it would have been
exactly the opposite of that but the
result of how casually they talked about
their ability to change the outcome of
the election and how they were unhappy
or deeply unhappy like crying unhappy in
one case you know so one of them was
actually we be that that should scare
the pants off of you and if you don't
have pants put some pants on so that
they can be scared off of you I it seems
to me that this video moves the needle
most News doesn't really change stuff
but this one really feels like it
changed something
now as Subang enough people see it if
you don't see it you can't really
understand you know the the depth of the
feeling and so the depth of the feeling
that allows them to talk casually about
changing the outcome of future elections
with their tools that's scary
alright somebody asked me to talk about
the quote hoax of the three thousand
deaths I think you're talking about
Puerto Rico so is there now I think
there's some kind of controversy about
whether it's true that three thousand
people died or whether that number is
not accurate or not I don't have any
information on that I just wanted to
note that I saw it but I don't think
it's productive to argue about whether
that number is accurate I don't think
that moves the ball forward in any way
you know whether it's a thousand or
three thousand it's kind of the same
kind of the same situation
and here's the problem with evaluating
Puerto Rico let me let me give you a
little economics lesson the most basic
economic lesson anybody ever had if you
say to yourself
Puerto Rico was handled poorly in terms
of the hurricane and that's it and you
say Puerto Rico was handled poorly you
are not good at analyzing things if you
say that Puerto Rico was handled well
you are not good at analyzing things
there are two things that you can rule
out as reasonable opinions the first
thing you can rule out is that that
Puerto Rico the disaster recovery was
handled well you can rule that out
that's not a reasonable opinion you can
also rule out the opposite so you can
rule out as reasonable opinions it was
handled well and you could rule out that
it was handled poorly you can also rule
out that it was handled in between does
anybody know why and now I'm not saying
that those things are not true or false
I'm saying that they're not reasonable
opinions not because it's both mmm
not because there's too many variables
oh my goodness nobody knows the answer
to this question see this is shocking
it's one of the reasons I've got a I'll
have a chapter in my book about this
knowing you yes thank you we have a
winner
somebody somebody had the correct answer
if you have studied economics or really
any field in which you are you learn to
compare things or analyze things the
only way you could judge whether the
Puerto Rico disaster program was
effective or ineffective well managed or
poorly managed the only way you could
know that is if you had to Puerto Rico's
and one was managed one way and you
was managed the other way oh wait is two
enough no it's not you would need lots
of Puerto Rico's and you would need each
of them to be managed in a different way
at exactly the same time as if the other
ones didn't exist then you'd be able to
say Oh given all the variables stay the
same you can see that this management
approach worked and this one didn't now
you have an opinion had that happened
and you had an opinion that it was
either good or bad that would be an
actual valid opinion it'd be based on
facts it would be based on a comparison
that made sense was there a second
Puerto Rico no if you're saying you sure
there was what about the hurricane that
just happened in Texas there were a lot
more white people there right so they
got better service and it was better
price Texas was in Puerto Rico Texas
happened first what if the order had
been reversed would Puerto Rico have
gotten a better response because it was
first
you know before a FEMA got overwhelmed
did it make a difference was that how
about the fact that it was on an island
how about the fact that the management
you know the the government and the
infrastructure of Puerto Rico were
different than Texas do all of those
things matter of course of course they
matter a lot they matter a lot so if you
have an opinion that Puerto Rico was
handled poorly you're dumb if you have
an opinion that Puerto Rico was handled
well you're dumb you're dumb now it
might be more the case that you're
uninformed or you're you're uneducated
on how to compare things but if you
learn how to compare things you would
understand that it is not an adult well
informed opinion for us you know we
weren't there
especially to say that Puerto Rico was
handled well or that it was handled
poorly that opinion can't can't
reasonably be formed with what we the
public know
and even the government probably
couldn't give you an opinion and I would
even go further even even FEMA you know
the people who were actually there they
probably can't tell you either because
they also were not involved in any other
puerto rico that happened at the same
time nobody can compare it you know you
can say there were we're not problems
but every disaster is gonna have
problems so you just can't compare
alright i up working on a hypothesis i
want to run by you and i don't know if
i've ever talked about this before but i
don't think so it's a little provocative
so i'm gonna try to be careful about how
i word it and i'm more interested in
your opinion than mine because i'm gonna
make its a hypothesis about how you feel
so my pen my opinion about how you feel
isn't worth a lot i want see how you
feel it seemed to me that if you looked
at the history of the united states
there was sort of a an agreed contract
sort of an unwritten contract in
civilization you know or let's say just
society within the united states and
that contract went like this at least in
you know the recent decades the contract
went that our government was elected to
represent all of us didn't matter if you
know what your ethnicity was didn't
better your gender and so it didn't
matter who ran didn't matter what the
ethnicity or the or the gender of the
person who ran because that was the deal
they were gonna they're gonna take care
of all of us when and and sure enough
when you saw the you know who voted for
each candidate you could find that some
ethnic groups would be weighted more for
one candidate than than the other but
that alone you know is not a reason for
concern because you could imagine that
one candidate had programs that were
more more logical for one group or the
other but still the votes would be
largely you know distributed you know
ethnic group each gender their votes
would be largely distributed you know
maybe 6040 but you know there were votes
on both sides when President Obama and
here's the hypothesis tell me what you
think about that when President Obama
ran the first time and he got whatever
the number is north of ninety percent of
the african-american vote it made
perfect sense for african-american
voters to prefer him because you just
wanted to you know you wanted to make
sure that you know somebody who looked
like you could get elected first of all
you wanted to you wanted to you know
break that glass ceiling if you will you
wanted to get some maybe some racial
understanding yeah there was some pride
so there were lots of there were lots of
good reasons to vote for Obama if you
were black he was qualified he was a
Democrat you know there's lots of good
reasons and of course plenty of white
people voted for him I supported him as
well at the time and I also was
influenced by the fact that I thought it
was just time it was just time to get a
yeah a black president get past that
check check that box off maybe the
country would be better off from it
my thought was then it would be a real
positive step for race relations tamiya
seemed like man the country just needs
to get past this and then you know then
we can really understand that we can all
get elected president and once you think
that everybody can get elected president
that should make us all feel a little
better about each other right
but what happened and I would say this
is an unintended consequence so here's
the key of what I'm going to be of my
point I believe there was an unintended
consequence and the unintended
consequence was because the 95 percent
or so after
and American voters voted for him
because he was black now if you ask them
they would probably say they like his
policies too but the way looked to the
observers who might be right they might
be wrong but I'm just saying how it
looked it looked like the special
American contract that I talked about
was broken you see where I'm going with
this you looked like the unspoken
contract that makes America work you
know the the fact that we're not voting
for people because of their the race of
their gender the contract got broken
when the contract was broken it was
broken and I believe that that allowed a
lot of white supporters of Trump later
to say I think we can just vote for him
because he's white I I believe and I
think that it also allowed some Trump
supporters to say I think we can just
vote for him because he's a man I don't
think that was a big factor actually
that you know I never I don't think I
ever heard even one person a trump
supporter talk about Hillary his gender
well honest to god I don't think I even
one person even on social media accepted
joke you know so I think gender really
wasn't part of it but here's the
hypothesis the hypothesis is that all
the good intentions that were behind
voting for President Obama had a an
unintended consequence of breaking the
social contract because when one
ethnicity broke pretty much just for
race it kind of made people of other
races say wait a minute
did you just line up with a different
framework because the framework we had
was America you know America was the
team are you saying you're on another
team
there's a black team and now there's a
white team I feel like it broke a
contract somehow now I don't know that
there's any point to that except to say
that you know it certainly determines
what 2020 looks like because in 2020
there will be people voting for
President Trump who are voting for the
American team and there will be people
who voting for whether it's Kamala
Harris
I'm guessing and it may be along racial
lines now the reason that I think it has
to be Kamala Harris is because follow me
on this if if the Democrats can't hold
the black vote they don't really have a
party they don't have to lose many of
the black vote in order to lose so if
they run another white woman after the
last white woman lost there they're
going to be a lot of black folks saying
we just thrown our vote away here you
know but if you give them you know a a
racially interesting character maybe get
more votes all right another topic have
you noticed oh I was just watching an
interview I tweeted this Anderson Cooper
interviewing Bob Woodward as you know
Bob Woodward was part of the reporting
team that years ago with Carl Bernstein
who who wrote about Watergate
and broke that story now I have teased
Carl Bernstein for being the one that
they trotted out to ask is this worse
than Watergate and it's sort of a
running joke that whenever CNN needs a
story you know there's not much
happening they little truck Carl
Bernstein out to say that whatever Trump
is doing this week or whatever he's
accused of doing bored of the point and
Carl will say it's worse than Watergate
it's worse than Watergate and then we
all laugh because he's the guy they
bring out to say it's worse than
Watergate
so he wasn't on
his partner from back in the day
Woodward or Azam who's got this new book
saying negative things about the
president and Anderson Cooper's like I
know it's apples to oranges but would
you say that what's happening in the
White House now is worse than the
Watergate and Woodward unlike Bernstein
who I think is losing
I think Bernstein's sort of lost a step
Woodward does not take the bait it was
the easiest thing to say for Woodward to
just say yeah it's worse than the
Watergate in its own way but instead
Woodward to his credit stuck with the
facts
and he said well Nixon was about an
actual criminal act that was about
actual crime but Woodward noted that no
crime has been so far surfaced in
anything about President Trump so that
there are apples and oranges and so
Woodward avoided the invitation to say
that it was worse than Watergate which
to me was herelet hilarious but it also
raised this following observation I've
noticed this on social media but also in
the news have you noticed that the
complaints about President Trump have
turned into vague word salad
mind-reading something might go wrong in
the future what if something happens
what if we were to find out something
just vague word salad and here are some
of the words to give you an example
unhinged sort of hard to define isn't it
one of those words that you know you
could call anybody at any given moment
impulsive again a little hard to define
impulsive meaning what and and his
impulsiveness caused us what problem the
GDP went down
how much because of his impulsiveness
sort of vague right I've I also hear
that he's alienating our allies
alienating them to attack us
alienating them to give us better trade
deals alienating them to drop out of
NATO oh no they're just paying more to
be in NATO again a vague thing how about
he's cowering to dictators kowtow to
dictators by getting Kim jageun to stop
testing nuclear weapons and talk to us
about one of the biggest peace events
that would ever happen is that what
you're talking about going in the right
direction or working with Putin because
there's no choice he has a nuclear
arsenal and our a lot of our interests
are overlapping was that the problem or
in this latest interview I was just
talking about with Woodward and Anderson
Cooper apparently in the book Woodward's
book he says that there's something like
a nervous breakdown of authority or
something in the White House was that
mean what is a nervous breakdown of
authority what's that mean and so with
all of this word salad I thought that I
would show you I'm going to invite a
special guest Dale Dale are you busy
Dale can you come over here I want to
share with the people how to prepare a
word salad could you show that for you
duh oh I'll leave so you can come back
hello my name is Dale and I do not like
President Trump I'm here to show you how
to make a word salad are you ready
you start with two dashes of unhinge and
a little impulsiveness or flavor you
having a little bit of alienating his
allies kowtow into dictators and a
nervous breakdown of the management in
the White House now you mix them all
together and they eat a delicious word
salad and with it doesn't taste good but
I have to eat it because I don't like to
president works out like a fullback well
I hate the president oh I have to hear I
haven't seen well that is some nasty
word salad right there the things I do
for you don't say I don't go the extra
mile add a dash of Don Lemon damn it
Janet I wish you'd said that before that
would have been exactly the right line
now what are the odds that were not
living in a simulation and yet the
biggest critic who is sour on the
president is named lemon isn't he kind
of sour of the president he is his name
is lemon just a coincidence all right I
think we've covered everything that
needs to be covered and
and that's all for now I will talk to
you all later