I better put bumper buh buh buh buh
buh-buh-buh bum bum bum let's let's talk
about the Trump Putin press conference
shall we let's wait till we get a
thousand people in here it's probably
going to happen pretty quickly Wow was
that interesting that was one of the
most interesting press conferences if
you haven't flipped back and forth
between the Fox News coverage and the
CNN coverage you're really missing the
show because the the difference in the
coverages is quite striking
yeah George Soros name came up all right
so I was watching CNN when the the
analysts and Anderson Cooper were sort
of giving their first reaction to the
press conference
I'd like to give my my impression of
everybody as CNN who just watched the
press conference between Trump and Putin
and it goes like this oh my god scene I
think what did Anderson Cooper call it
embarrassing to the country now here's
my take on it you shouldn't take too
much stock in what either of them said
publicly because you can't really know
what they really believe versus what
they think they need to say well let me
give you in no particular order some of
my impressions number one when towards
the end when the reporter asked Putin if
he
any compromising information on Trump do
you know what Putin did not say no he
left out now so when Putin was asked do
you have any comprehend oh
embarrassing compromising information on
Trump he said well let me tell you the
story about there were lots of
billionaires who came I didn't know he
was in the country at that time which
wasn't the question the question the
question wasn't did you know Trump was
in the country went before he was
running for president that wasn't the
question the question was do you have
any compromising information and he
completely ignored the questions now
that would have been an easy question to
say no to and you'd think that he would
just say no to it so it's possible he
wants to leave the leave the impression
that maybe he does because if you didn't
it would still be useful to have
somebody thinking well maybe I do now do
you think that the United States has
embarrassing and compromising
information about Putin probably don't
you think don't you think that all the
major companies countries have
compromising personal information on all
the other leaders it feels like they
probably do so I would say that Putin's
response to that was as missile as as
obviously deceptive as you could
possibly be which is not to say it is
not to say that he has anything under
president that means anything that would
make any difference but as a normal
course of business of course they're
looking for that stuff and if you were
looking hard in president Trump's you
know history would you find anything
that would be embarrassing like you know
a stormy Daniels kind of situation that
we don't know about
probably probably but that doesn't mean
it would be useful to them so Russia may
know full well that if they were to have
something of that nature and then also
exploit it that that would not be a good
thing for them so it could be that they
just have mutually assured destruction
and everybody has something on everybody
that's entirely possible but he
certainly didn't answer the question
another amazing points were when the
president said that both countries have
made mistakes both countries have made
mistakes and of course if you're see
then you say - that he's a traitor he's
saying bad things about the United
States that's one way to look at it the
other way to look at it is as pacing and
leading when you pace somebody you match
what they're thinking and you try to not
be a dick on every single item you try
to find someplace where it looks like
you're meeting them halfway you're
matching them you're you're going along
so you find something that's not
terribly important to agree with and one
of the things that the President did to
every to at least half of the country's
horror is he pasted him in other words
he did exactly what you would want to do
if you were trying to influence somebody
you would first agree with some of the
things they say not all of them because
you have more chance of influencing them
on the important stuff if you agree with
them on some of the little stuff so the
little stuff is hey if you've done any
bad things we've done some bad things
you've done some bad things I guess
we've all done some bad things right so
it is completely a good form to admit
that your site is now perfect because
that gives you a little bit of agreement
with the other side and then it allows
them to say well okay we could have done
better too
so in terms of persuasion form very good
in terms of how CNN and his critics will
treat it it's the end of the world
it's the end of the world to say
something that's both true and honest
and helpful end of the world now have
have you seen I'm going to make this
point tie in to the press conference
have you seen the polls of how the
opinions the the opinions in the United
States about Russia at least within the
Republican Party have moved from very
anti Russia to far more favorable to
Russia have you seen the polls showing
that at least within the Republicans
they're more Pro Russia now people ask
me hey why is it you keep saying
President Trump is persuasive well
there's a pretty good example president
jumps persuasion is quite directly aimed
at creating a more favorable Russian
opinion and he succeeded he actually
moved the public or at least a
Republican part of the public quite
quite substantially so what you're
seeing is the president using his
persuasive powers in a way that nobody
has ever used it in before because he's
violated a whole bunch of norms one of
the norms would be you've got to act
consistently like everything we do is
good and everything the other side does
is bad and has to change and we must
pressure them pressure them to change
because it's the only way it's the only
language they understand they only know
force right so that's sort of the old
way and those were the rules now how far
do you get with those rules if those are
the rules you're playing that everything
your side does is right and everything
the other side does is wrong what do you
get will you get our current situations
where our two big countries and nuclear
weapons are causing trouble for each
other for nope
take early good reason so what does
President Trump do which he does in
every domain he enters the first thing
he does is says what are the rules and
which ones are worth breaking to get a
better result shake the box have you
heard me talking about shaking the box
well he shook the hell out of this box
and one of the rules that you're not
supposed to break is to go in front of
the world and criticize your own country
that's a rule you're not supposed to do
that so he did it he didn't do it just
because he likes breaking rules he did
it because it was an unproductive rule
following that rule of everything your
country does is awesome and everything
your competitor does is terrible and bad
and they have to change and we're going
to force him into it that wasn't working
so well so he shook the box and he said
how about both sides screwed up maybe
both sides need to do better that
changes how Russia's perceived changes
how they feel changes about changes how
aggressively they think they need to
punch back those people who say that
Russia already won because he got you
know he got elevated to the the center
stage and is being treated nice by the
President of the United States so some
people say the president Trump has
already been played he's been played
because Trump Putin got all this
attention and he got to be on the public
stage here's the other way to look at
these same set of facts President Trump
isn't just elevating Putin he is
elevating them he did elevate him to the
center stage and put him on the the same
you know literally the same stage as
President of the United States so he is
elevating him that part's true but
there's another thing he's doing he's
authoring him
Putin is becoming what trumpet needs him
to become in order to get to the next
level
Trump is molding Putin like a little
piece of clay in order to create a Putin
that he can deal with and get a good
result because right now he has a broken
Putin Oh Putin that you can't deal with
because you know the friction and blah
blah blah so he is authoring himself a
new Putin in the same way that he
authored a new Kim jong-eun do you
remember the old kim jungeun he was a
crazy dictator and he didn't know
anything and he was an evil madman and
all he could do was is cause trouble and
name is nukes at US and president Trump
authored a new kim jeong-hoon
he built a new one the new one writes
love letters to the president saying
your excellency I sure hope we can work
together let me help you find the
remains of your Korean War veterans
let's work together with South Korea
yeah well you know there'll be some
hiccups but were we're now friends
working toward a common common good so
remember when when I first told you that
the president was authoring kim janghoon
if that didn't seem real in it but you
watched it you watched it it happened
right in front of you kim jeong-hoon
his brand and that's this is good way to
look at it his brand is now completely
different and it's a brand that's now
useful because that brand works really
well with our brand it works well with
South South Korea so now he's got a good
brand Kim jong-un does one that's useful
that doesn't mean he hasn't done
terrible things
you know we're not forgiving any of that
but his brand was completely broken it
was nobody could talk to nobody who
could deal with he had to fix Kim Jong
Un's brand and then he had somebody to
talk to
you're watching exactly the same play
with Putin while while CNN will be
saying my god this is disgraceful and
we've never been so so embarrassed we've
never been so embarrassed about this
president who criticizes his own country
and his own Intel agency right in front
of the world well well
Putin is standing right next to him that
that's a accurate statement of what
you're saying there are a lot of people
in the United States who feel
embarrassed and he did elevate Putin to
the level so address John Brennan I
don't know what John Brennan is saying
but I assume it's as usual John Brennan
and stuff so what you're watching is a
Putin that is now defining he's
beginning to be defined by Trump and one
of the ways that would make Putin a
brand we can't deal with is if we made a
big deal about their cyber actions and
interference with the election it seems
to me that if Putin continued to do that
sort of thing with elections in the
future and why would he by the way
especially if he likes having a
president Trump so it feels like even
all even the critics would agree that
Putin prefers a president Trump so if
Trump Swift Russia interfered I don't
know why they would need to at this
point
you admit interference and Trump won't
yeah I believe that we interfere with
their stuff they interfere with our
stuff and that the best way to deal with
that interference mutual I'm sure is
that you don't talk about it in a press
conference
so it does seem to me that Russia and
the United States have have certainly
had frank conversations by now whether
it was today or through other channels
in which we've said if you do this
there's going to be real trouble so it
does make sense for president Trump to
downplay Russia's past behavior it's
just a good play and it does make sense
for them to you know still say we got
issues and it's not perfect but we're
moving in the right direction I kind of
liked Putin's play of saying Muller can
come over here and talk to our citizens
and as long as we can go talk to some of
your citizens about some of our problems
and CNN dismissed that as well let's
just Putin being Putin his usual obtuse
way to answer a question just making it
sound like there's some bureaucratic
this or that but I thought to myself
well that actually sounded kind of
practical to me and did you see how
Putin described the company I think he
was talking about the company there was
alleged to have done the ads you know
the ads that were supposed to be
affecting the election and Putin
basically said hey as you know there are
rich guys in our country and they do
stuff that doesn't mean they're working
for the government do you remember what
I said I looked at those ads by the
troll forum the Russian troll farm and I
said to myself well there's one thing we
can say for sure the Russian government
isn't behind this because they were so
bad the fact that they were so like
really embarrassing ly bad