but a bump bump in thing boom ba-ba-boom
ba-ba-boom hey Tyler
Liz Jeremy come on in here because it's
time and when it's time you got to do
what it's time for so come on in here
ah yes first day welcome if it's your
first day then you are new to something
that will be a lifelong habit from this
day on it's called the simultaneous sip
good morning from Detroit and I'm about
to enjoy it with you if you have your
coffee your vessel your cup your
container
your glass and a beverage coffee
preferred here it comes
the simultaneous set somebody said
they're still grinding it I assume
you're talking about coffee I don't know
what you're grinding over there but
let's say it is coffee all right we've
got a number of fun topics today so most
of you probably watched the the protest
and the counter protests yesterday they
were happening on the anniversary of the
shuttle it's Vil tragedy it turns out
that the total number of actual
white-supremacist that showed up was
three or four maybe twenty I got a
feeling that some of them didn't know
where they were they were going I feel I
feel as if maybe there were only three
or four actual racists and they said to
their friends hey what are you doing
today and the friends didn't know what
it was about they're like ah nothing
they said hey you want to take a walk
I'm gonna take a walk down to the
Capitol get a walk past the president
then the friend said okay I'll take a
walk the next thing you know they're
part of the white no I don't think that
happened
but I'm making fun of the fact that you
know a few people showed up
now I'm not totally surprised that only
20 or so people showed up for this
nationwide March and the reason I'm not
surprised is you remember the
Charlottesville way suppress our white
nationalist is that the way they branded
themselves they were they were marching
and they did not have they did not have
masks on so when the original
Charlottesville racists were marching
they did it with their face faces
completely shown and they were massively
recorded on film now what does that do
to your rest of your life if you if you
decide to March with no masks on as part
of a racist group in front of thousands
of cameras how does that work out for
you I can't imagine that that will
worked out well for the people who are
marching and so when the second one was
announced I said to myself huh I wonder
if all the bad news that happened to the
first bunch of marchers because you know
their lives went to hell right after
that I don't think there's any chance
that didn't right don't you think most
of the lives of the marchers just
totally went to hell after that March
because they were certainly outed I
can't imagine that went well
so so the March itself was a fizzle but
the the protesters against the March
were many now I've said before that that
the the people who have called
themselves white supremacists etc I'm
not I'm not sure there are many left I
mean we give them a lot of attention and
obviously racism still exists and
whatever you want to call systemic
racism and and people are still bigoted
and you know all that still the stuff
still exists but the people the people
were willing to you know be part of an
organization and go march and say hey
this group is racist that number of
people I think is shrinking even if the
number of people who say they're white
supremacists is rising which I think it
is actually so I'm always looking for
the silver lining but it doesn't seem as
though there's much of a movement for
any organized kind of white supremacist
now so this made me wonder if the
Southern Poverty Law Center SPLC
considered either the groups or either
the counter protesters I guess you'd
call them to be hate groups do you know
who the SPLC is Southern Poverty Law
Center I might have this wrong but her
they're an organization that keeps a
list of what organizations are hate
groups and I believe that they're hired
or at least they're they're part of what
the social media companies look at to
decide who's a hate group and you know
who needs to be throttled back on the
social media platforms so I thought to
myself I wonder if anti-shah and black
lives matter are on the hate group list
the official hate group list and so I
went there and the search that I just
searched for black lives matter first
because you know people who are yelling
things about the cops being racist and
stuff and I thought oh that sounds like
hate to me let's see if they're on the
list but they are not on the list do you
know what the definition of hate is in
this narrow context so the SPLC is
mission is they define hate apparently
the same way that government has some
official definition which is as to be
hatred against a group with immutable
characteristics meaning race or gender
so if there's something that people hate
about you that can be changed such as
changing your job if you're a police
officer you could change your job
you know it's possible even if you don't
want to so you can hate on groups that
are defined by their ideology or their
occupation or any kind of a club you can
hate them as much as you are and you'll
never get on the list of hate groups you
heard you heard hog Newsom say that
black lives matter thinks that I think
he said most Republicans are racist that
apparently is okay so whether it's true
or false I think it's false to say most
it would be okay even if even if even if
you said that a hundred percent of
Republicans should be thrown in the
river and and killed you can actually
say that and it wouldn't be a hate group
just just let that sink in a little bit
there you could you could be favoring
the execution of all Republicans you
know I'm not nobody's doing that right
but you could you can have a group that
says I believe all Republicans should be
executed and that would not be
considered a hate group because being a
Republican is optional so while I
appreciate that they have rules I'm not
sure those rules are quite getting it
done so that's kind of interesting
now what else was I going to talk about
this morning somebody have to remind me
oh so ben Carson over at HUD just made a
announcement that they're going to do
something that I didn't quite understand
but they're gonna remove some Obama era
requirements about housing get rid of
some regulations and in the process try
to increase the supply of housing
because if you increase the supply of
housing you do two things
you put builders to work so people have
more jobs building stuff and you create
lower cost housing because the greater
the supply the lower the cost in theory
so I don't know enough about the HUD
plan to know if it's a good deal or a
bad deal but what I do know is that
there's plenty of land in Detroit and
there will be in other cities that the
blight authority has cleared so there is
land available for the right project and
and you see Ben Carson trying to remove
some regulations that would reduce the
reduce the attractiveness of building
now I don't know if these two things
will find a way to be good with each
other or not that's there are a lot of
dots that would need to be connected but
I like that people are thinking along
similar lines yeah I wouldn't say
housing project is I wouldn't use those
terms but I like the fact that the
environment is getting friendlier for a
building and that there's land available
and that people are thinking in those
lines I would tell you to go to the
blight Authority website but it is down
right now because of a an attack from
China although I don't know that it's
really directed from there but there's a
denial-of-service attack on the website
right now we're fixing at the moment I'm
not blaming China but some of the
traffic is coming from there so when
that site is back up all talk more about
that how many of you would like to see a
a tour of my home so I could show you
some of the things that a home should
consider now if you're talking about low
cost housing a lot of the stuff in my
home you could not put it in a low cost
oh but there are lot of ideas just in
terms of you know how light and
space are done that probably would be
quite relevant and so it looks like the
risks of interest so when the blight
Authority website is up and running
probably sometime today sometime after
that I'll take you around my house and
I'll just I'm not going to show you the
whole house I'll just show you some
elements that I think should be
considered in any kind of a home so I'll
try to stick to things that would make
sense for any home not things that rich
cartoonists can afford all right did I
build and design it yes so this the home
that I'm in I designed from the the
doorknobs up every part of this house
including the doorknobs you know every
part of the cabinetry every part of that
that finished the colors the design the
space every part of it so I don't have a
grow room anymore I used to just just to
see what see what that was all about but
I don't have anymore all right it looks
like there's a lot of interest
um my homes need home needs to be
updated it does yeah there's some people
love don't like dark wood I've got a lot
of dark wood in this house but it makes
sense if you have a Spanish
Mediterranean architecture oh yeah let's
talk about Iran so
Khomeini tweeted and it is worth it's
worth listening to his tweets and if
you've seen my tweet on that which is a
tweet of mark on politics by the name of
Aussie sailor so Mark tweeted a message
which I'll tell you after I read
Khomeini's tweets so this is Iran's
Khomeini
he says recently US officials have been
talking blatantly about us
besides sanctions they are talking about
war and negotiations in this regard let
me say a few words to the people so this
is Coveney talking to his own people in
Iran there will be no war that's good
nor will we negotiate with the US then
he further tweets a list of why the US
is a bad partner for negotiating it says
so here's his list because US officials
depend on power and money they consider
negotiations as a business deal that's a
fair statement we the the US does think
of negotiations as sort of a business
deal I don't know what's wrong with that
but it's true the u.s. sets this is
Khomeini again the u.s. sets the main
goals of negotiating with anyone and
does not retreat an inch from the
self-assertive goals so they're saying
that the u.s. doesn't negotiate they
just say what they want and stick to it
yeah that just means we're hard
negotiators now if what you're asking
for is please don't build a nuclear
weapon and kill Israel with it are we
likely to back down
that request probably not so I think
that depending on the question there
might in fact be no room for negotiating
so I think he's right about that they
demand the other side to give them
immediate benefits and if the other
party Reid refrains from giving in the
US officials will create an uproar so
that their partner would give up so
they're saying that the u.s. doesn't
really negotiate it just demands things
from the other side which in this
country we call negotiating hard then he
says the u.s. does not offer anything in
cash or media in return for what it
receives in cash I don't know what that
means it might be a translation problem
it simply makes strong promises and
tries to enchant the other side by mere
promises so in other words you say that
it's a bad faith negotiation we're just
asking for stuff and planning to give
nothing in return
and then the final step when things are
over in the US has received the cash
when does a u.s. receive the cash I
don't know what negotiations he's
talking about in which the US receives
cash but maybe that's a translation
issue to the immediate benefits it
breaches the same promises so he says
we're not a we're not an honest player
this is the USS method of negotiation
now should one negotiate with such a
duplicitous government and then
community goes on but the reason that I
wanted to share this is that what mark
on politics this is a twitter user who
tweeted this to me he says the following
this whole thread khomeini does not say
does not say remember I always tell you
to look for the negative space look for
the thing that's not happening because
that tells you something too and Mark is
pointing this out he says there's some
one thing he does not say he does not
say death to America in other words as
Mark so cleverly and accurately points
out he's negotiating
so Khomeini does a whole thread on
Twitter about how you would never
negotiate with the United States because
they're not they're not credible they're
not believable they never really
negotiate but he doesn't say death to
America he is quite literally
negotiating so he's sort of challenging
the United States to be a credible
player in the negotiations that is
negotiating and he's doing it pretty
well which is always a good sign you
know I think I would prefer if you're
negotiating with somebody you want them
to know how to do it right it's sort of
important you can't get anything done
unless the other side knows how to
negotiate Khomeini by saying we won't
negotiate because you're not a you're
not a reliable negotiating partner isn't
negotiating he's sort of asking the
United States to step up and prove prove
that it's a credible player now I don't
know if we could do that I'm not sure
there's any way that that could be done
but it's the beginning of a negotiation
so what he did say explicitly there will
be no war now I think that means they're
trying to figure out
he said that another part of the Twitter
thread he said that I think they're
trying to build up their economy and
maybe he didn't say military but maybe
you could infer that to the point where
there would be more of an equal partner
for negotiating so his his problem right
now is a he knows he would be
negotiating from weakness and there's no
way they're willing to do it but the
real wild card is if he waits is the
Iranian economy going to get stronger or
is it going to get weaker now here's the
psychological opening that this Creed's
and there is an opening here the opening
is this
so Khomeini has created a challenge if
you will what type of a deal look at the
United States ever make that it could
convince Iran it would keep that's a
pretty tall order given that we just
reneged on the on the the deal with yet
given that we just reneged on on the
nuclear deal so somebody just said water
let's let's talk that through so Israel
has offered that it has a lot of
technology for pure distilling is that
the right word for desalinate
desalinization of water which would
allow Iran to deal with some of its
extreme drought issues now I think to
myself that would be something that
could be given as part of a negotiation
that would be a good-faith thing that I
suppose you could always take you back
if you had to in the sense that you know
if you withdrew maybe maintenance or
something you know there's probably a
way that you could take it back if not
yeah alright bobbing it but why care
Israel a cure its own drought I think
it's going away a long way toward
actually doing that I haven't heard
about that so there may in fact be some
things that the US could do there
wouldn't necessarily give around
everything they want but it would be a
clear step in the right direction
so suppose and I'm not suggesting this
by the way so I don't know enough about
the about the whole area to know what a
good idea versus a bad idea look like
build a waterfall but suppose that we
addressed
Khomeini's complained by simply doing
something for nothing in return
suppose we just said how about this
Iran we'd like to build you some of
water desalinization plants and help you
out on your your water situation but
we're still keeping the sanctions on
because we can't do business with you
but the water is more of a that's more
of a health and safety issue and we're
not we're not in a war with the people
we just have a disagreement with the
regime so if you want we can give water
to the people you just have to let us
now what would that do to Iran's notion
that you can't would deal with the
United States now here I'm talking about
Israel being the one providing the
desalinization but I think Iran sees
Israel in the United States as sort of
one big entity in the in a sense so I
think that would be very similar you
know let's say the United States helped
fund it or something
and Israel helped build it it seems to
me that would be a gigantic step in the
right direction
because the people would like it and the
regime would see that they could work
and get benefits from dealing so and
also I would also think that it would
take a long time to build a
desalinization plant how long do you
think it would take to build a
desalinization plant three years five I
don't really don't know so somebody's
saying five to ten yeah I'm thinking
three years is fast but they have an
emergency need so maybe faster but just
just consider this thought you know I've
said they're one of the big
breakthroughs with North Korea came
actually from Kim jong-un the the minute
that Kim jong-eun said reunification the
moment that became part of the
conversation it changed everything
because it
made both sides seem a little more
credible automatically do you see how
important that was the moment Kim
jong-un said list let's really work
toward reunification it made the idea
that he might give up his nuclear
weapons sound credible for the first
time because you don't nuke yourself if
you're gonna reunify why do you need
nukes against yourself so even if
reunification doesn't happen or it
doesn't happen for a hundred years or
whatever the mindset change that that
caused was extraordinary
I I think it's the one of the
overarching psychological elements that
makes North Korea feel like it's
solvable eventually because I think
what's happening is you're seeing the
North and the South work together
productively talk to us productively and
if they do that long enough it just
isn't gonna make sense to spend their
money on nukes that just won't be a
purpose for it you know you don't need
nukes to protect yourself from the
people who are working productively with
you for three years or whatever however
long it takes
likewise if while we're talking tough
with Iran and putting sanctions on the
economy and everything because of the
regime and because specifically that the
bad actions that they're doing the
funding terrorists and being anti-israel
if at the same time we're providing
desalinization plants it's a little bit
harder to say we're not a dependable
partner if we give them literally
nothing then that Iran can say look we
give you everything you give us nothing
we're done that would be the overarching
psychology of everything that we did
it's like okay you Americans you're all
giver you're all takers you give us zero
that's our history why would we give you
anything but imagine if there were like
massive desalinization projects maybe
more than one that we launched and we're
just doing nothing but being helpful on
the water and we're saying
say with that we separated the water
question from all the other questions
now let's just say look on the water
we're just gonna help we're not asking
anything in return I don't have the
funding works but you know we're not
asking for concessions we're just giving
you water because you need a water and
that's the kind of partner we want to be
if you work with us even a little bit
productively that's great
but we're gonna go first and we could
give you some water now I'm not
suggesting that we should do that I'm
just walking you through the sort of the
thinking of a negotiation so there has
to be something to break this
psychological barrier the barrier being
that the US and Israel sort of working
as a package would never do anything
good for Iran in other words just break
the psychological idea that it's a
one-way street now this is what
Netanyahu was talking about in his
videos which got a huge amount of
traffic so even the Iranian public saw
those videos and said I like that I like
the thing where they give us water for
nothing maybe it's not for nothing but
at least they solve our water problem
and I think that's a big big deal so so
if you look at Khomeini's words on their
surface it looks like he's saying that
he won't negotiate with the US and but
he's also saying no war which is a
pretty smart thing to do and by the way
I understand that mattis general mattis
said that there there are no plans for a
war you know there's no when I say no
plans that's probably overstating it
because they always have a plan for
everything there's probably no such
thing as not having a plan for war I
think they just always have those plans
but they're not preparing for it in the
physical way they're not moving assets
in place nothing like that and that's
that's you know pretty positive step and
it seems to me the Khomeini has has put
the ball and play by saying what it is
this stops them from negotiating and
that ball is actually productive because
it's a very clear standard by which
they're saying you know if you can meet
this standard of being a credible
negotiating partner then something could
happen
that's essentially what he's saying but
if you don't meet that standard
there will be no negotiating so we might
find a clever way to meet the standard
simply by being a good partner in some
unrelated to the negotiations way and
the water might be just the perfect
psychological physical practical doable
affordable thing that's that could be
done so just imagine that just imagine
somebody said okay that's enough on that
and you're right that was way too much
on that
what else did I say I talked about Oh
Infowars and censorship well it seems
that Alex Jones it is app or making more
money than ever or at least they have
more downloads than ever
here's my question if social media tried
to create a standard for what is what is
harmful fake news and what is hate
speech or whatever how could they make a
standard that would not include the
networks and I'll use CNN just as a
stand-in for the news networks so not
talking about them just in particular
but just as an example so suppose your
standard was you can't be on social
media unless a platform X whatever that
is if you're inciting hate and violence
so let's say is if
inciting hate and violence you can't be
on this platform wooden wouldn't you be
able to make a completely credible case
that CNN inspires hate and violence
because if you watch CNN it's nonstop
fake news about racists in the country
and when I say fake news I'll give you
some examples so the Charlottesville
stuff if they had been from a year ago
if it had been reported just factually
it would look like this
racists and anti-shah met in an in an
event that was about pro or anti statues
there were some scuffles and one ant if
a person got killed by a member of the
racists it's a tragedy so so far I'm
just describing the facts right
president the United States said
something that we thought was a little
vague he said there were good people on
both sides some people thought he was
referring to the racist so we asked for
a clarification he clarified that he was
not saying racists are good people and
obviously that in the context what he
meant was that there were good people on
both sides of pro or anti statue now
that's how CNN could have reported that
story and I think everything I said
there is just factual that the president
said something that was interpreted as
racist sounding he was asked for a
clarification
once the clarification was given that of
course he doesn't support the racist
that should have been the end of the
news cycle but CNN and other places you
know not just CNN have reported it
consistently as the president saying in
public that he supports racists that is
just fake news and it is fake news in
the service of people getting people
excited to the point of violence now how
is that not inciting violence
with stuff you're making up that
somebody says it's a weak argument the
people who say it's a weak argument
never give their reasons have you ever
noticed that yeah it would be easy to
include in your comment what's wrong
with that he also said there were bad
people on both sides yeah and then and
then people said my god he's making a
moral equivalence between racists and
people or anti-racists and the moral
equivalence argument is that's just to
stir people up nobody believes that
those two are equal they're just two bad
things one can be worse than the other
it doesn't make one of them good so the
moral equivalence thing is just weasel
words anyway the point is that the point
is that who gets to decide what is hate
speech
I'm not joking or exaggerating when I
say that CNN is whipping up violent
feelings and people based on fake news
does anybody disagree with that on here
so here's so here's the statement the
CNN uses fake news now when I say fake
news I mean mostly the pundits so that's
presented as opinion and that's true so
you'll see in a pin you'll see you'll
see pundits on CNN say things about the
president being a racist as if it's a
fact but it's really just their opinion
until people who are watching it just
thank God everybody on CNN says it's a
fact so it must be a fact so how is CNN
not intentionally inspiring violence in
the country somebody you know
I keep getting in these debates with
people on the left and usually on
Twitter and they they go like this they
say something like this president has
stirred up you know all these racial
feelings and violence and I say to
myself not if you watch Fox News if you
watched Fox News they report exactly the
same news now when I say exactly the
same I mean the factual part Fox News
reports everything the president says
whether people take it out of context or
not they report all the same facts it's
just that when they describe them they
don't describe the President as a big or
racist and it's just obvious isn't it
they don't do that they just give you
the facts and usually people coming on
say he's you know he's not that so if
you only watched Fox News would would
there be a racial as much racial animus
as there is right now no way now I'm not
suggesting that Fox News is the one
that's unbiased nothing like that all
the networks are biased and you know
their own directions but if you're
asking yourself what is the current
cause of the uptick in racial animus in
this country I'd have to say it's CNN
and MSNBC and the New York Times
Washington Post they're the ones who are
making money off of saying that there's
a racial problem Fox News makes no money
from that follow the money follow the
money
Fox News is not monetizing racism CNN is
monetizing racism and there in order to
make more money they need more of it so
do you think CNN made more or less money
because there weren't enough actual
racists showing up yesterday at the
event CNN made less money because there
weren't enough racists if you have an
incentive
if you have any kind of an incentive to
do something that you know let's say a
financial incentive do financial
incentives work it's sort of a you know
not a real question yes financial
incentives work every time every single
time financial incentives change actions
now if it's a really short term maybe
people don't have enough time to adjust
right but the news is every day and over
the long term the news is going to find
wherever the money leads it they will
CNN will give far more news if there are
more racists because that's news that's
their favorite news it's what their
audience wants would Fox News make more
money by whipping up social unrest maybe
but they don't seem to be doing it the
same way it feels like they're not
trying to do that it feels like I think
Fox News is trying to make money on good
news at least at the moment because
they're their guys the president if if
Obama were president then Fox News would
be probably you know looking for the bad
and everything as they did but at the
moment Fox News is looking for the good
and everything because it's it's their
guy who's president so their financial
incentive is all-around good news and
keeping the country keeping the country
on the same page now these are not
absolutes so if somebody they're saying
yes but what about that one thing Fox
News did and what about that one thing
CNN did that was actually good and
honest I there are plenty of exceptions
but generally speaking the news business
is going to follow the money and part of
the news business will make more money
by increasing racial tensions now does
the President of the United States have
intense
to increase or racial tensions let me I
I don't think I've ever said this before
so let me let me give you a new thought
we'll see how this goes so the people
who are the anti-trump errs hold in
their head the following belief they
believe that the president is
continually sending racist signals to
his base and that he's doing it
intentionally and that he's doing his so
intentionally then according to them
after charlottesville a year ago he went
in front of the world and said that that
racists are great that's actually their
story they actually believed that
something like that actually happened in
the real world now in order for their
story to make sense in their own minds
they have to explain why he's also
denounced racist 55 times in public by
the latest count it's probably up to 56
by now why does he keep saying whenever
he's asked for a clarification as
clearly as you could possibly say no I'm
doubtful erases why is he working with
you know black pastors to help urban
redevelopment why why is prison reform a
big effort why does he brag about black
unemployment being at its best level and
an Hispanic unemployed
why does he brag about those things
because wouldn't that be exactly the
wrong way to send that racist signal to
your base so how in the world does the
left explain that he's sending two
simultaneous messages that are opposites
in their mind that makes sense but the
people who were the supporters only see
one message and it's the one that makes
sense yet if you are if you are the
President of the United States is there
any good outcome that could come
from you sending racist messages in
public to your base in what world would
he be imagining that that could work out
really well on what planet and in what
reality is the president standing in
front of people and saying yes
racism is great oh also racism is bad
you know hey racism is great but also
also racism is bad they actually believe
that that's what they're seeing instead
of what is far more obvious to people
who are not in their bubble somebody say
he's flip-flopping he's not
flip-flopping on that because he's
talked about race and racism fifty five
times right and fifty five times he said
exactly well let me let me put it to you
this way whenever whenever he's asked to
be clear and he clarifies his
clarification is completely clear all of
the all of the accusations that he's
saying secretive stuff is all vague
let's get rid of this person it's all
vague stuff right it's all laughs I
think I heard the secret whistle boy
when you ask him for anything anything
concrete it's completely clear so if
you're on the right all you see is the
left taking things out of context and
then he's asked to clarify and then he
does and you say oh yeah that's exactly
how I thought he would clarify it that
makes sense and in fact everything he's
doing is consistent with his
clarification that's what the right sees
our racists ear will hear racism yeah
maybe
circle back to Infowars censorship Oh so
to close the loop if you look at the way
that CNN MSNBC and a lot of other news
sites the anti-trump news sites if you
look at the way they cover the news I I
don't know how anybody could make the
argument that they are not increasing
the hate level for money you know in
other words it looks like their business
model used to increase hate and you
watch them do it literally every day
every hour you could turn on CNN any
time and you would see them increasing
hate based on fake news pretty much
every hour of the day I think that's I
think that would be fair to say at least
for you know the regular pundit related
shows so I don't know how that keeps
them off the hate list except that they
don't meet the specific criteria false
equivalencies CNN is not remotely like
Infowars
I'm not saying that they're the same I'm
saying that reasonable people can look
at both of those products Infowars and
CNN and make a completely coherent
argument that they're making the world a
worse place for money that's what people
said about info wars and they have
something there are examples that I
don't defend but if there are some
examples where Infowars has done things
that increase state people could make
that argument but you can't you can't
tell me I can't make as strong an
argument about the legitimate networks
and by the way people could have made
the same argument about Fox News a
hundred different times in the past as
well
um I talked about Kelly being recorded
by Omarosa on a different periscope yeah
so the president's gone easy on amorosa
just calling her wacky wacky amarosa
he's clearly not trying to destroy her
with a nickname like that he's trying to
minimize her importance they call her a
lowlife
am I related to John Adams
I'm not descended from but related
probably I'm just looking at your big
media firms aren't the press well I know
that Tesla don't have anything to say
about Tesla all right I think I've come
to the end of everything interesting I'm
gonna say and oh yes the mole somebody
reminded me all right last thing so the
anti-shah protesters they they were
trying to tell people to the press to
stop filming them now if you're going to
a protest and you don't allow anybody to
film your protest is that a protest
because I'm pretty sure that a protest
that doesn't have anybody filming it is
more like taking a walk it's more like a
noisy walk because the whole point of a
protest is to get attention
that's the porridge right so now if it's
a protest that's the point now if all
you're doing is going somewhere to riot
and blow off steam and do God knows what
well then you want the cameras off and
some number of empty file folks wanted
the cameras off
didn't want to be identified now what
does it tell you when you have to wear a
mask if you have to wear a mask for your
protest you're not on the side of the
angels
alright anybody who shows up with a mask
for a protest should be arrested and in
my view it should be a law against that
now for a long time I thought to myself
what does empty farm mean I swear I
think for the first year I heard the
name I was too lazy to look it up and
nobody would tell me what anti fostered
for or at least when I was watching the
news or reading it it wasn't defined and
then I see all the protesters wearing
masks and I'm wondering if an tyfa is
sure for anti face because the
protesters don't like to show their
faces and they seem to be anti face so
the anti face protesters who don't want
to be on camera because note they don't
want anybody to see their face and they
will wear masks so you can't see their
faces I think we should just call them
what they are anti face and you know if
you look at most other protesters they
want you to see their face because they
know they're on the right side but
toward the end you saw the protesters
protesting against the police and
borders and the country itself so they
were chanting something about you know
no borders no police no USA and I
thought man I would not show my face if
I were chanting that I would be very
anti face so I guess that's all I had to
say about that
the the Anti Fog people are obviously a
mess and but at least they know it you
know I give them credit for knowing
they're a hot mess because they're not
even willing to show their face they're
they're so proud of their stand that
they don't want to be known to be
associated with it what kind of movement
in a free country where everything is
legal at least in terms of speech would
you not be willing to show your face
literally just just hold this in mind
the actual racist who showed up to pro
to demonstrate the the 20 or so actual
racist even they showed their faces and
that's the worst possible thing you
could associate your face with right
even they show their faces because it's
a free country and I guess they like
their freedom at least as far as it goes
but if you are anti face yeah you gotta
explain some of that alright no skin in
the game if no face literally and that's
all for now I will talk to you all later