bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
I'm a little bit late this morning I
overslept but I had good reasons for
over sleeping and now I have good
reasons for being here
with you know what oh you know what it's
gonna be the simultaneous sip I gave you
extra time you should be ready by now
are you ready raise a mug a vessel a
container of your favorite liquid coffee
preferred it makes you live longer I
hear time for the simultaneous impe
sublime I don't know about you but I
feel my my life just was extended by 12
minutes I'm gonna buy myself another 12
minutes of life you saw the recent
studies right
studies are once again saying that
coffee makes you live longer well here's
another 12 minutes I can feel the energy
pouring through my body now I'm not sure
but I think my muscles got a little bit
bigger I feel my telomeres just
lengthened a little bit good stuff all
right now let's talk about my one of my
funniest topics now I know this isn't
supposed to be funny
so there's some topics that are dead
serious and still funny it's not my
fault sometimes things can be completely
serious and still kind of funny let me
tell you my favorite one have you
noticed that you're not seeing a lot of
people labeling themselves white
supremacists you do see people say that
they are a white nationalists and I'll
get to that in a minute but didn't it
seem to you as though people used to be
saying
white supremacy have you noticed that
you don't see those two words together
very much and is that a coincidence I
suggest to you that that is not a
coincidence and that there's a funny
reason why here's the funny reason why
if you were a white supremacist your
entire deal is that white people are
superior right that's that's what a
white supremacist says they also believe
that that can be demonstrated on wait
for it
IQ tests but there's a problem where do
white people come out on IQ tests not
the top not the top right you know I'm
not going to give you an opinion on
whether IQ tests or scientific or valid
whether they mean what people think they
mean that topic is not my topic all
right well we'll leave that to other
people it's not my topic I'm just saying
that the tests that are out there that a
white supremacist would look at you know
the studies the white supremacists would
say AHA let's look at some IQ test to
see how awesome we white people are mmm
well we're below Asians okay all right
so not technically you supreme but we're
right up wait a minute or also below
Jewish people okay now that's going to
be a problem for our branding so imagine
if you are a white supremacist where you
were and then you looked at your own
preferred measure of supremacy that
would be the white supremacist preferred
measure right IQs and then he looks at
the IQ test and he says we got a problem
Bob Bob we've got a problem here well
not all white supremacists are named Bob
but it feels like a few of them might be
so it feels like there's a little bit of
an embarrassing imbalance between their
preferred source of data IQ tests and
how they were seeing themselves as
supreme it just sorta didn't work
anymore so they sort of morphed to well
we might not be so supreme but wouldn't
it be great if we had our own country
and then you became became white
nationalist but even the white
nationalists I'm not sure that makes any
sense
when there are so many people who
already live in the country and they're
productive and awesome people who are
not white what does it mean to be a
white nationalist don't you need your
own country because you're already in
the wrong country so white nationalism
I'm not sure what's that even mean right
but here's the funniest thing about
white supremacist racists etc let's just
generalize this to racists I was I'm not
going to name names but there was a
certain prominent accused racist person
someone who the Southern Poverty Law
Center who are themselves racists as I
understand it have created a list of
other racists so it's a racist group
that creates lists of other racists as
weird and one of the people in the gano
named names was was declaring the
greatness of white people because white
people had in this person's opinion I'm
not talking about myself if you if
you're tuning in late I'm talking about
other people so that other people but
some white racists believe that white
people were awesome because white people
had invented so much so white people had
invented a lot of stuff and therefore
the the racist believes that white
people were awesome you know what's
wrong with that thinking that racist
didn't invent any
how can you claim credit for something
an entirely different person did because
you have some weird connection to them
by coincidence how in the world can you
say that you personally are great
because somebody you don't know who
lived a hundred years ago invented a
light bulb
I'm pretty sure that the fact that
someone who has my same skin tone
invented a light bulb says absolutely
freaking nothing about me you know what
does that say about me it doesn't mean I
can invent a light bulb well maybe I
could have but you know something harder
let's say so the entire the the basic
premise that because a few freaks and
let's face it if you're smart enough to
be a genius you're kind of a freak you
know you're you're almost a what would
be just a weird coincidence of you know
genes coming together and the thing that
makes somebody a genius and inventor
somebody who changes the world it was
you know whether you're you know Henry
Ford or inventing light bulbs or
whatever you're inventing you the thing
that makes you special is wait for it
that you are not at all like other
people that's the whole deal right the
fact that you're a genius is what makes
you not like other people and so the
people who are not like you are claiming
credit for being like you when the
entire point is that you're not like
them that is the whole point you're not
like them most of us and I mean you know
99.9% of us have nothing in common with
geniuses who have changed the world
nothing except that maybe if somebody
was looking at you from a distance with
binoculars and they you know you saw a
little smudge in the distance they could
say I don't know looks like a white
person that's about it you know from a
distance with binoculars you could say
we have Edison Benjamin Franklin both
white oh and there's Scott there's Scott
Adams over there I see him through my
binoculars
he's also yeah I think you might be
white that's it that's all you can say
about me and Benjamin Franklin Benjamin
Franklin's awesomeness did not affect me
at all I didn't inherit it I'm not
really related I'm not even related you
know I think I think it would be one
thing if you claimed some some greatness
from was saying in media relative if you
said you know my father was Thomas
Edison yeah I'd be impressed I'm not
sure that means necessarily you you
inherited all that goodness but I'd be a
little bit impressed but the fact that
someone who is not related to you except
all the way back in Africa see what I
did there you know if you if you follow
our evolutionary chain all the way back
to Africa
maybe I am you're related to Thomas
Edison but not in any important way so
the the idea of being a racist doesn't
even make the little the smallest bit of
sense it is similar to what I call the
the analogy problem so do you know the
the the logic problem of a bad analogy
goes like this if two things have
something in common you imagine that
they have everything in common that's
actually just a logic flaw it's the
logic flaw you see when the Democrats
call Republicans Nazis were or Hitler
because they say wait a minute
there's something you did that in some
weird way reminds me of something a
dictator
therefore everything you do must be the
same as hillier that is just a brain
problem okay
likewise when the races say hey Benjamin
Franklin and I have something in common
our skin pigmentation therefore I'll bet
I could invent a light bulb that's not
thinking that's a nothin all right I
think I've said enough on that let's
talk about the hashtag walk away
movement
Brandon Straka is the face and you know
I guess the the symbol of that movement
an X Democrat who has walked away from
the party for being ridiculous and I'm
looking at an article today in which
somebody is talking about the number of
Russian bots that are supporting that
and the idea is that it's a fake
movement because it's really being
supported by bots and not people now I
have been a little bit hesitant to say
that this walk away thing was real it's
certainly real on the small meaning that
there are real people you know Brandon's
a real person he really did walk away
I believe all that's true but the the
size of it and the potential of it
strikes me as overstated there's a
little bit of wishful thinking there's a
little bit of people wanting to sort of
wish it into existence because if you
treat it as if it's real other people
will may be treated more seriously and
it could become real so what you're
seeing is people who would like it to be
bigger than it is and trying to will it
into existence but as if I've taught you
nothing it's that people don't change
their minds because the data changes
it's very rare and why is it why are we
even talking about
Brandin Straka and walk away the reason
we're talking about it is partly because
he's gay you know that felt that fits
into the story really well but it's rare
the entire reason that we talk about
Brandon and why it's so interesting and
why where our attention is drawn to him
in what he's doing is because it's it
strikes us as very unusual that's not
going to change it's very unusual and my
guess is that the walkway movement might
cause a little bit of a ripple but I
don't see it as something that's going
to become a tear in the universe because
there's a natural there's sort of a
confirmation bias prison that we're all
in people just don't give out of their
prisons that easily and they certainly
don't do it they certainly don't do it
because they got better information
you know nobody walks away from their
political party because they got smarter
or they saw things a little bit better
let me revise that some people do but
it's a very small number of people not
enough to change the equation probably
let's talk about conspiracy theories
have you noticed well let me ask you
this let me put this in the form of a
question in the form of a question
how many of you believe that only the
other side and in the case of the people
who are watching this periscope most of
you are I know from experience Trump
supporters how many of you think
conspiracies theories or something the
other side has how many of you think
conspiracy theories are something that
mostly are on your own side the
Republicans are conspiracy theory people
and how many people think it's just both
sides all the time both sides I'm so
proud of you so proud of you
ah you know I'm not entirely sure that
two years ago you would have universally
said both I mean if you're looking at
the if you're looking at the messages
coming across people are saying
unambiguously both both sides conspiracy
theories both both both it's almost I
think it's pretty much a hundred percent
of the people answering and there are a
lot of people answering are all saying
both does that feel like a big deal to
you because it feels like a big deal to
me I'm I swear I'm not sure that two
years ago you would have said both I
feel as though you have collectively
risen to some new and better level of
awareness and I mean that literally as
in a new higher level of awareness once
you understand it's both your right on
your right on the the cusp of seeing the
world completely differently and maybe
many of you already are this is really a
big deal I'm actually blown away I
didn't think I would see this answer I
thought that most of you honestly I
would have said two-thirds of you would
say no it's the other side the other
side has all the conspiracy theories
were pretty much right but the fact that
you're on this page and then you
understand both sides are suffering from
the same conspiracy theory problems Wow
that's very that's very impressive so
let's take that good news and and and
take it to the next level now if you
were going to move the needle let's say
you wanted more people to be the walk
away types let's say you thought that
your side was a good side and you have
the best policies etc let's say you
really believe it that you know you're
not trying to get one over on somebody
you're not you're not trying to take
their stuff you're just trying to make a
better world and let's say you think
that your side is the side that can do
it now I've said since the beginning of
this political involvement for me
for the last two and a half years ago I
believed that a president Trump back
when he was a candidate had a set of
skills that he could bring that other
people just didn't have and that he
could do with that set of skills things
that other people could never get done
and it was a sort of a once in a hundred
years or more opportunity to get done
those things that are hard to get done
now it still remains to be seen whether
all of that is true now of course I also
always imagined that there would be
problems you know it doesn't come free
you know I you know it's a it's a big
messy expensive situation but that the
the benefits would so outweigh the costs
that in the long run the historians
would say they look back and historians
would say yeah you know there were some
rough edges there and society got pretty
torqued up and it felt like it was gonna
be a civil war I don't think that's even
slight chance of happening but we should
have got a lot done I think that's how
historians are gonna see the Trump
presidency but in the context where
people don't use reason and logic to
make decisions if you wanted to get to
this better world this this Golden Age
the Summer of Love if you wanted to get
there and you needed to convince the
other side the Trump haters to get out
of there their corrosive you know bubble
of bile the bile bubble where everything
is awful and hateful and they're they're
hitting their life for their own benefit
you want to get them out of there right
like if you have any if there is any
sense of compassion in you you should
understand that the people on the other
side are not just people on the other
side they are suffering and I'm talking
about people who don't have real
problems in the real world necessarily I
mean not not the biggest problems but
there are people who are healthy most of
them have jobs you know they've got
boyfriends and girlfriends
whatever they whatever spouses but
they're actually in pain they are
suffering in our current system you
should have some compassion for that now
let's say you wanted to ease their
suffering and you knew that you couldn't
talk them out of it because logic and
facts are just like bouncing off the
bubble but thinking thing putting you
know it's they're impervious and by the
way as many of you just noted conspiracy
theories work both ways so there are
people on your side who are also in
their own different kinds of bubbles and
believe things that aren't true so
you've got this bigger rash in the world
what's the best way to make it better
working with what we have as opposed to
working what we we wish we had what we
wish we had was good information and
good arguments and people who would
change the mind when they heard those
good arguments and good information
that's what we wish we had but we don't
and we're not going to get that because
we're not that kind of species we're a
species who acts irrationally on these
big questions of politics well so what
do you do I would suggest that the best
way you can make the world a better
place is with a well-designed conspiracy
theory yeah if you are to design a
conspiracy theory that didn't happen
organically you know there are a lot
most I think most conspiracy theories
happen organically people look at a set
of information and they think oh my god
those chemtrails why is it some
airplanes don't leave them and some do
it must be the government gassing us and
turning us into something with their
their chemtrails so that's that's sort
of an organic way that conspiracy
theories happen but there are also the
engineered conspiracy theories I'm not
sure which ones are engineered you you
might have your own throughs about that
but some of them
they are engineered and the question is
could you engineer a conspiracy theory
that would release the left from their
their trump derangement syndrome and
help them with their health and I mean
that literally mental health physical
health fiscal health in every way
could you help your fellow citizens out
of their bubble knowing the facts and
reasons and good arguments and good
policies will have no effect but a
conspiracy theory well-designed that has
no logic to it whatsoever but just sort
of feels right might it might let me
give you a suggestion I'm gonna give you
an example of a conspiracy theory that
as far as I know I don't think it's true
but watch house how true it sounds now
this might be a conspiracy theory that
actually is more believable on your side
than the other side but this will just
be a good idea to give you the idea
right or a good example to give you the
idea so let me ask you this which
political party would be better off and
which would be worse off if African
Americans citizens of the United States
I guess that's what makes you African
American is your citizen of the United
States and you're black what if they had
big economic gains big economic gains
for black people which party would be
better off and which party would be
worse off please answer that question
some say both some are saying
Republicans Republicans yes yeah if if
black citizens did better
Republicans would rise why is that well
partly because the Republican way to get
equality is to make the economy work as
well as possible and then everybody's
got opportunities so it would play very
well in to the Republican approach to
life you know if you get this economy
working then everybody's got a better
deal right now ask yourself what would
happen to the Democratic Party if black
people had a substantially better
situation they'd be out of business
would they not I mean I don't think
that's an exaggeration if the if the
Democrats lost the black vote or any or
even just a big chunk of it there Anna
business they would be a minority party
that would be fighting largely for and
this is weird
but the Democrats would largely be
advocates for people who are not
actually American citizens now they're
they're currently advocates you know
they're bigger advocates for people who
are not American citizens but they're
also their brand includes you know
anybody who's marginalized so right now
the Democrat brand is well if you're if
you're black and you're not getting
everything you need you should be a
Democrat if you're if you're an illegal
immigrant or even if you're a legal
immigrant you know you're part of the
marginalized people you should be in our
party if you're a woman you think
there's a lot of issues discrimination
thereof and of course there is you want
to be a Democrat so their party right
now of the the disenfranchised the
marginalized and those who would like to
do help in any way but suppose any one
of those groups started to do well
what if one of them just did really well
now and I would say that
african-americans are probably the ones
you have to think about in that
conversation because you're seeing their
their unemployment levels reach the best
level of all time
perhaps and you know things could get a
lot better so here's the conspiracy
theory that could help people enter
their trump derangement syndrome bubble
and it is this Democrats have to keep
black people poor to stay in power in
fact the best way that the Democrats can
help illegal immigrants and people who
are not even in this country would like
to come here legally or illegally the
best way Democrats can help people
coming into the country is by
suppressing the people who are already
there who happened to be black if black
folks start doing well and they feel
they're doing well and you know there's
there's lots of room to go there right
you know we're not exactly close there's
a lot of room to grow if if Republicans
did something with let's say prison
reform drug laws you know drug
sentencing you know if if they kept the
economy buzzing long the Democrats have
to almost have to create situations
where people are doing well in order to
stay in power
so there's your it's not quite a
conspiracy theory until you get some
things that aren't true in there so
everything I've described to you so far
is actually just true did I say anything
that would not pass the fact-checking
it is true that if a good chunk of the
black vote went Republican Democrats
would be out of business I think that's
true right
it is true that Democrats have more
power if they if they have a larger
disenfranchised group because that's who
votes so if any big chunk of that went
to the other side
given that the parties are so close
right now
any big chunk that defects and I'm not
talking about the walk away hashtag
necessarily I'm just talking about
anybody who just feels like oh you know
maybe I don't want to be on the victim
side anymore
there's sort of a victim side and in a
non victim side you know people might
say I'm not sure I want to be on the
victims side so right now it seems to me
that Democrats have created a situation
where what they're doing for the good of
these nice people who were immigrants
who would like to come into this country
I have nothing against the immigrants
that I actually have quite a you know in
terms of emotionally I'm very much on
the side of the immigrants you probably
don't want to hear that but you know
when I hear that somebody is risking
their life to be an American that's
tough for me to not like them just
automatically like it's easy for you to
think oh they're just coming here to
take our stuff and cause some crimes and
stuff and there's always going to be
those people but if somebody is risking
their life to adopt my way of thinking
which is to be an American and to
actually get on my team I realize that
you can't just let everybody in you have
to be a you know a country of laws and
all that but emotionally like how do I
feel about those people very positively
yeah if they are ms-13 right but I have
a very positive feeling about someone
who likes me so much that they want to
be on my team
I mean I'm exaggerating a little bit
it's not about me but I like people who
want to be on my team shouldn't I
they're risking their life to be on my
team right so so you know we have to
have a rule of law and
let everybody in that's just common
sense but in terms of emotionally I'm
very connected with the immigrants
because they're there they're exactly on
my you know my wavelength if you will
yeah and they should come legally and we
should have good rules too to allow
people in within limits but here's my
point about the conspiracy theory the
Democratic Party has decided to prefer
illegal illegal I don't say I'd like to
say illegal yeah let's say illegal
illegal immigrants the Democratic Party
has decided to favor illegal immigrants
over black Americans I feel like that's
the case right is that too strong let me
let me put it to you and I know most of
you are not unbiased but would it would
it be fair to say okay let me say it so
it's the same way it is it too strong to
say that Democrats are favoring illegal
immigrants over black Americans that
feels true to me let me tell you
something else that I feel right now
I remember when it looked like North
Korea was you know terrible and I said
you often can't tell the difference
between something that's about ready to
break and something that's about ready
to be completely fixed sometimes they
look exactly the same for example when
an alcoholic is you know getting worse
and worse and worse they have to hit
bottom before they can they can improve
so times sometimes hitting bottom
is exactly the best place to be because
that means Boop you're gonna have it
back in the the other direction and it
feels to me that black voters where you
imagine that they're just locked into
this
you know the Democratic you know voting
machine if feels to me I could easily be
wrong but it feels to me like they're
sort of bottoming out meaning yeah we're
gonna stay on the team we're gonna stay
on the team for now but why does my team
keep taking things away from me and
giving them to people who are not even
legal citizens of the country now it's
not directly taking away but you know
what I'm talking about right any
resources that go to non Americans our
resources that are coming away from
Americans and if you are you know if
you're occupying the the lower half of
the economic you know economic situation
in this country you might have more
impact than other people so it does feel
like Democrats are picking the pocket of
black folks to give it to to people of
who were citizens of other countries I'm
not sure that that qualifies as a
conspiracy theory because everything I
said is actually demonstrably true you
know the the weird thing about this is
you almost have to add something that's
not true to what I just said to make it
persuasive I know you don't like to
think that's true and I'm not saying
it's ethical to do that or anything else
but in order to get half of the country
and of their Trump derangement syndrome
what won't work is good facts good
policies doing a good job
having logical reasonable arguments none
of that's going to work you know that
doesn't work people don't change their
mind from that stuff so you're going to
need something irrational probably too
irrational and designed ideally they can
break their bubble something strong
enough to break it it's gonna have to be
something irrational
how about that Rover suede will be
overturned well nobody knows how that's
gonna go but that doesn't work in the
direction that I was talking about yeah
let me tell you what doesn't work
somebody just said LBJ was in the KKK I
don't know if that's true doesn't matter
if it's true from my point people don't
really care what happened in the past
they just don't care that much so I
don't care if you John Kennedy was of
this or that or LBJ was in this or the
Hat or that there's some dead Democrat
who was was this of that that's the past
it's just not persuasive it can be true
but not be persuasive it just doesn't
have an immediacy to us secret meeting
recorded where the Dems said they prefer
illegals to American or African
Americans yes so if there were an
illegal or if there were a secret
recording of top Democrats admitting
their strategy that would be a good
example now if if the rumor happened and
there were no actual recording like that
that would be a good example of a
designed conspiracy theory which could
have a very positive impact on society
if it breaks people under their bubble
we need a lot of cool celebrities and
athletes to walk away so here's the
problem what would happen to anybody who
is a celebrity who joined the hashtag
walk away movement maybe the end of
their career right so if you're waiting
for the hashtag walk away thing to start
bringing in big names you're going to be
waiting forever I think because
Democrats have cleverly made it so hard
to do that in public
that you can't really do it ya know
Kanye couldn't do it either so Kanye
played it exactly right he said I don't
have to agree with his policies to like
the person that's the high ground so he
took the high ground where he's
invulnerable you know and you saw that
you know so Kanye did it the right way
where he puts out an album and everybody
buys it yeah it's the number-one album
and in the world you know it was also a
great album so that helps so he did it
the right way right but if you just if
if he or anybody else just came out and
said hey you know I'm just walking away
and I'm I'm actually gonna vote
Republican from now on that would be the
end of his career that's why the polls
were wrong yeah it's one of the reasons
the polls were wrong there is a semi
secret Republican group in California I
can confirm that that is true that let
me tell you something that's true
because of the things that I talk about
in public and as you know I have a few
money so I've I've made a conscious
decision to give up a an incredible
amount of money you know as a percentage
and also in a dollar amount in order to
be able to talk without being edited or
filtered or censored so I've made a
conscious choice to leave tremendous
amount of potential income on the table
so that I could talk to you without
being filtered because of that people
who are like-minded but can't go public
are very likely to contact me and say I
like what you're doing I could never do
that because you know financially it
would be a catastrophe so when somebody
said there's a secret group of
California Republicans
I can confirm that that there are a
number of successful famous people who
are completely under the radar for all
the right reasons and many of them have
contacted me to tell me that they were
that they were that kind of person all
right oh let's talk about the the
questions about the next justice for the
Supreme Court now let me let me tell you
what things are easy to predict and what
things are not easy to predict i I
thought that predicting Trump's election
was relatively easy in the sense that
the situation was a large group of
people the voters who were being moved
by the best persuader I've ever seen in
public who had 18 months or so to really
work on persuading so in a situation
like that where there are lots of people
a big public and you're just trying to
move the average a little bit and you've
got all that time and all that attention
it's pretty easy to to predict that a
person would be successful under those
circumstances now if you say now predict
what that one person will do picking one
person as a Supreme Court nominee well
there's a whole bunch of stuff there
that you and I don't know so you and I
don't know what they may have learned
about these people how the conversation
went in the Oval Office when the
president met them so there's a lot we
don't know in the election we mostly
knew all the important facts because it
was all a public process right that the
president would say something the news
would report it we'd all watch the same
news or at least versions of the same
news so it is very hard to predict a
pick for the Supreme Court because
there's just too much we the public
don't know that said I think everybody's
saying the same thing
which one would be the fun pick you know
which one it would be the most fun all
right yeah Amy Kony Barrett and here's
why it puts the Democrats which are it's
sort of the the female party you know
I've described this before I don't mean
that all Democrats are females but there
is a female centric bias and the
Democrats that really is a defining
characteristic the the Democratic Party
is more of a woman's kind of a set of
policies and approach to life now I
realize that's a gigantic
oversimplification I'm not talking about
every person I'm not talking about and
the individual I'm not saying they're
all actually women nothing like that I'm
just saying that you know sort of a
general vibe is very female and that is
part of their brand and Hillary Clinton
of course and Nancy Pelosi are the
biggest parts of that Elizabeth Warren
so that their brand well that's the
better way to say it so the better way
to say this is that the Democratic Party
is a brand is female is that fair to say
well let me just check that with you
would it be fair to say that the
Democrats have intentionally and I'm not
saying this is bad I'm just observing
that their brand is intentionally
female-centric that's true right yeah
and there are plenty of men who support
that but the brand is female centric
Republican brand is a little bit more
male leaning and in these are for
irrational reasons right nothing I'm
saying here passes any logical filter
but when I say one party favors guns
right that just feels more male even
though you know Dana a lot how do you
how do you pronounce they know Louch
lash lash I always have
last name so there are plenty of women
who have guns and love guns and use guns
and pro guns but generally when you
think of guns as a brand you feel like
that you know skews male moreso than
female so the Republicans are sort of a
male let's you know be tough on crime
let's have a big military let's have our
guns you know you do your job I'll do my
job you know I won't take your stuff
don't take my stuff it's sort of a male
brand and when you've got a president
like President Trump it becomes a little
more accentuated in the maleness of it
right when it was let's say George Bush
Senior he you didn't really see him as
the most manly man so you know that the
brand's kind of fluctuated over time you
know Reagan was more manly man Trump is
more manly man
but anyway so you have these two
distinctions and I went so far
describing those distinctions as day
Nilesh is that how you pronounce your
last name I feel embarrassed we've that
I can't pronounce that correctly
and I know I was gonna make a point
about that but for now the point is that
the brands are largely female and male
with both male and female in both
categories but that's the brand all
right oh the Supreme Court so thank you
thank you for getting me back on the
topic so what would make you fun for the
for the Republicans to support Amy Kony
Barrett is that she is female and while
we would all like to live in a world
where that doesn't matter for jobs I
think I think there's a hundred percent
agreement that that shouldn't matter in
this case but it does matter
because we work in
we live in the real world and the
Democrat brand is so Pro female that
putting them in a position of opposing
the would it be the third I'm not a
Supreme Court scholar if Amy Coney
Barrett got on the court she would be
the third right right or fourth and I
mean one how many are on the court right
now are the three in the court so there
are three on the court already which one
am I forgetting son of my err Ginsburg
who's the third one can somebody give me
a name who's the who is already on the
court and why am I missing all right so
now it went from four to three so I
guess I guess I guess you're as bad
about the Supreme Court as I am okay
again okay so there are three on the
court now so imagine this argument
imagine a president Trump I'm not again
it's hard to predict who he'll pick
because we don't know enough about the
details behind the scenes but if the
president says I think it's time to have
a fourth woman on the Supreme Court just
just let that sink in imagine President
Trump saying you know all the candidates
that we looked at were totally qualified
but wouldn't it be great to have a
fourth woman on the Supreme Court that's
hard for the Democrats to vote against
hard for them to vote against so that's
that's what makes that you know from a
political observation standpoint it
becomes it becomes somewhat irresistible
it would just be hard for her not to be
approved
they would say it's the wrong woman they
would they would try that but you know
what if they don't approve this
particular woman what are they going to
get you know second choice isn't going
to be a woman second choice is going to
be you know one of the several guys were
on the list so if they want a woman and
they let me put it another way we've
never had four women on the Supreme
Court it's sort of a glass ceiling isn't
it there was sort of a glass ceiling at
three women imagine if he had four that
would be breaking the breaking another
glass ceiling
I think that's powerful imagery if you
said the the the Republican choice for
Supreme Court would break a glass
ceiling and I think the argument would
be fair you know having four women on
the court feels like a real movement
like a real step forward right step
forward in terms of balancing things out
etc so we don't know if she'll be the
pick but if she is she'll be the most
interesting one she's the youngest that
of course makes a big deal she's
attractive that shouldn't make any
difference but it does
you know we live in a world where people
are more likely to get the job if
they're attractive you know I'm not
saying that's good or bad I'm just
saying it's a fact
so we'll see it reminds them of JFK and
RFK that is correct so every time they
talk about her or religion every time
the Democrats talk about a me koni
Barrett's religion they're doing what
they don't want anybody to do which is
use people's religion as a litmus test
for a job because imagine if if this
were a Muslim candidate would the
Republicans say no you're too Muslim
to be on the Supreme Court well that
would be pretty much against their brand
their brand is religion doesn't matter
all right that's all for now
I think we've said enough and I'll say
goodbye for now goodbye for now