good morning
everybody let's check the stock market
Bitcoin up Tesla
up but the market in general down a
little bit kind of flat not bad could be
worse let's get our comments working and
then then I got a show for you good
morning all
right
comments on point
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you needed for that is a cuper mro glass
a tanker chel a St C Jer flow vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous hip
go
exceptional excelsor you know who says
that
excelsure Stanley used to say
that you know now I don't know about you
this is kind of weird just start off
with something weird
but ever since Trump stole my uh
democracy everything seems exactly the
same I'm trying to figure out what's
going on because I know my democracy is
gone but I wake up and everything looks
a lot like it used to
look what am I supposed to be
experiencing should I be losing my right
to vote could it
be some bodily autonomy I lost I don't
remember losing any well it's quite the
tragedy having no democracy but so far
I'm struggling through I hope the rest
of you are making it are you guys all
are you all surviving your complete lack
of
democracy oh man let's talk about some
news uh let's call
this backwards science backwards
science according to Medical Express
News in a study at the University of
Sheffield Shan Bon is writing there's
this video game called Counter Strike
I've never heard of it but apparently
it's a very popular video game it's a
firstperson shooter kind of a game and
what they found
was the scientists found at the
University School of
Psychology uh that the experienced and
highly skilled players of that
game uh are faster at decision making
and executing a
response so they speculate that maybe if
you got people to play more video games
they would also
become a faster decision makers and
faster executing a
response does that sound right not to me
to me that sounds like backwards science
backwards science well let me put it
this
way when I was 12 years
old uh I tried playing football you know
because everybody plays every sport when
you're you're a boy and I very quickly
realized that football would not be my
strength that no matter how much I
practiced the
football I was never really going to be
a great football player didn't really
have the the body or the brain for
it luckily so I didn't get any brain
damage but at also about 12 years old I
played tennis for the first time with uh
I think with my mother with a couple of
rackets that we bought at Sears that
were already
strung back back before I knew that
stringing the racket right made a
difference and the moment I started
hitting a tennis ball I said to myself
huh I don't know might be my imagin
ation but it seems like I could be kind
of good at this because my hand eye
coordination was good and and so for the
rest of my entire life until recently I
was a tennis player and sure enough I
was you know for somebody who just plays
on weekends and you know is a casual
player I I got to a pretty high level
for a casual
player and so here's what I discovered
people do more of what they like and
what they're good at and the thing that
makes you like something is being extra
good at it nobody likes to lose if you
sat me down in front of this shooter
game and I knew it in five minutes that
I would never really be good at it
because I didn't have fast reactions I
wouldn't play
again it would bore me to be like oh
well lost again oh lost again but if I
sat down and right away I said oh feel
like I can be good at this then I would
play it a lot until I found out I wasn't
good at it perhaps so I think the
science is backwards here I think the
people who are who just naturally have
fast decision- making and execution are
drawn to video games what do you think
which way do you think it works I will
use my telepathy to hear your response
uhhuh uhhuh yeah you're
right well yesterday I did a little post
it was based on an encounter I had with
a an individual who saw me walking by
and flagged me down and want to talk
about politics I may have mentioned this
to some of you and here's the post I
wrote after that encounter now the
reason I'm reading it to you is that in
one day it has garnered 24 million
views it's going up something like a
million views an hour now for reference
a typical post of mine might get 70,000
views 24 million doesn't happen unless
you know Elon Musk reposts it which he
didn't so I couldn't find any big
accounts to reposted it it looks like
this just has some kind of a nerve with
people that they all understood it and
that's the point I'm going to go for so
here's what I posted yesterday they got
24 million views so
far I said I just met someone um oh I
said today I learned that being a
Democrat require is talking over anyone
who knows what is
real I just met someone who is sure
Hunter's laptop is fake Trump was never
shot in the ear and there is no evidence
Hunter was running a criminal
operation I didn't make a
dent now why would 24 million people
agree with
that because you think well that's just
that one person right it's just one
person who who talked over me no it's
because every one of you had the same
experience multiple times as soon as you
start a conversation about Trump you get
really angry loud yelling over whatever
you're
saying so here's an
example uh there's no way he got shot in
the air and I'd say well actually I know
somebody personally who saw him soon
after the event and he actually took the
bandage off and showed the hole in his
ear and he said no it didn't happen
happen I go no what I'm saying is
somebody I know very well
personally personally told me that Trump
showed him his ear and that there was a
hole in
it ah but where'd all the bullets go if
if if he had if there were really
bullets where'd all the other bullets go
and I said well one of them went into
the body of a guy who
died
ah then changed the topic but not once
did he think oh maybe I got that wrong
so yeah and he thought the hunter laptop
was definitely fake oh my god of course
that was
fake and he thought that uh there was no
evidence Hunter was running a criminal
operation and I said you know there's no
other reason to have 20 shell companies
that don't have any physical location
and no form of business and yet and he's
like yeah but there's no evidence no
evidence I said said but you know that
they've tracked the actual payments
through bank accounts all the way into
Joe Biden's pocket
right talk over talk over so it was just
impossible it was literally impossible
to get through now my main point is not
that there's one person who who had a
you know who had this point of view or
this this approach my point is have you
ever
noticed if you've been around atcts or
especially alcoholics that there's
something they have in common you ever
noticed that and people were on certain
kind of medications have you noticed
that they can they can form a common
kind of
personality the the commonality of this
the fact that so many people uh are
having a very specific
weird uh character situation I I don't
know wouldn't call it character it's
more like behavioral so the people are
having this very specific behavioral
change that they can't listen and they
have to talk over you really
loudly that is an indication of
brainwashing the the way you know that
there's an external Force that's
operating on a bunch of people in the
same way is that they have this very
specific kind of reaction to it that's a
real big tell so in the same way that um
you've probably heard the it said that
all addicts lie youve ever heard that if
you haven't heard it you could be really
happy I told
you because sooner or later you're going
to run into an addict who lies and even
the addicts will tell you even the
addicts will tell you yeah you know if
we have to we're going to lie so that's
a very specific behavioral thing right
and it's because there's this very
specific force that is affecting the
same people in the same way so yes it is
brainwashing there's absolutely no doubt
about it in my opinion there's no doubt
about it it's a brainwash
effect meanwhile Eric Dolan writing for
cost says there's a new study on dispair
and how it affects voter
turnout you'll be very surprised to hear
that people who are suicidal and in
despair are less likely to
vote huh well surprising you know what
they could have done to save some time
and
money they could have just asked me
Scott do people who are experiencing
despair are they motivated to do really
anything and I would say no despair
really does not motivate you doesn't
motivate you to vote doesn't motivate
you to get a promotion doesn't motivate
you to work harder doesn't motivate you
to get married despair doesn't motivate
you to do anything just ask me next time
I I could do this save you a lot of time
and
money well there's a a breakthrough
battery circuit design for tiny little
uh drones according to interesting
engineering now the reason I like to
mention all the battery stuff for drones
is because it lets you predict the
future if if you know what's happening
with batteries in all kinds of ways that
will tell you absolutely what the next
20 or 30 years look like and if you
wondered will there ever be tiny little
drones that are the size of a fingernail
and the answer is now they will the this
this specific breakthrough is for tiny
drones uh micro drones and researchers
at University of California San
Diego and CA Ley whatever that is
they've got a a novel circuit design
that makes the power last a lot longer
for a micr drone a lot longer so it's a
big it's a big
deal one of the examples they gave is if
a building crumbles and they want to
find survivors there might not be enough
room for a regular drone to be flying
through and but the micro drones could
just sort of fill all the spaces and
look for survivors and sense things now
that's the good news the bad news is
somebody can send a Micro Drone right
into your house that and that thing
could be flying around in your house all
you know for an hour and you wouldn't
even probably hear it because it's a
micr drone so so the Privacy
implications are pretty extreme pretty
extreme uh Robbie Starbuck is writing
that so there's there's a program in the
United States called the snap program
it's for providing money for food
groceries for people who need a little
extra help and Robbie staruk is pointing
out that uh the snap program spends $15
billion a year but about 10 % of it goes
to
soda so people can buy what they want I
guess within within limits it's got to
be food or drink but a lot of people are
buying cocacola and Pepsi so big soda is
getting nearly $ 11.5 billion a year
just from the government's
program on what to you know helping
people buy food and
beverages now um so I think they're
looking to you know I I think there
might be some effort to scale that back
so you can't buy food that's bad for you
but here's the problem on paper this was
always going to go that way because soda
is
addictive so if you add the addictive
nature of soda and I know this because I
was very addicted to diet coke for you
know decades it took me a long time to
get off
it if you have an addictive substance in
a grocery store and you give people free
money that they can use in the way they
want in the grocery store they're going
to buy the addictive substance there's
no way around that so if you didn't
prevent that from the start who who
couldn't see that coming like who in the
world couldn't now on the other hand you
don't want to be the nanny State and
tell people what they can and cannot
have but I would think that the
exception would be what they can have
with my
money if they're spending their own
money do whatever you want get the soda
but if you're spending my money
well maybe I don't want you to have the
soda maybe I think you should get a
potato
anyway so you probably heard that uh
Trump's going to order all the Biden era
attorneys us attorneys to be fired
because he's got he says we must clean
house immediately Fox News is
reporting uh and he says the justice
department has we been weaponized and
politicized against him you
know given the degree of obvious lawfare
that we saw I'm 100% in favor of this in
a more functional world where you could
depend on attorneys to just do the job
of attorneys and not be political I
would be totally against it but the
attorneys not all of them of course but
enough of the attorneys have shown that
they're not really playing for anything
but a team they have to go and if the
best you can do is replace them with
your own cronies who will then of course
be fired in three and a half years four
years uh it's the best you can do so
yeah I'm in favor of
that well meanwhile let's talk about
Trump's negotiating skills this is my
favorite topic the reason I like it is
that it reminds me how many people don't
know how to
negotiate um I did negotiating for a job
back in my corporate days it was my job
to negotiate
contracts and of course I studied
hypnosis and persuasion and stuff so
have a unique insight into it so it's
fun to watch Trump work so right now
there's a team of I guess Americans
talking to a team of Russians about what
to do about Ukraine now what do you
think's going to come out of
that let me tell you what's going to
come out of it absolutely nothing
absolutely nothing so is that bad news
is it bad news that this team of people
are probably going to work for who knows
how long and Saudi Arabia now and
nothing will get done so that's all bad
right
nope nope if if you understand
negotiating there's there's a thing
that's happening I I call it a softening
up the
room once you get uh Russia and most of
the United States and Europe and
everybody else to think that there's no
way to get a deal when it's absolutely
impossible that's when Trump comes in
because Trump's the only one who could
get both sides to give something up
nobody else could do that the the people
who are the underlings have orders from
whoever sent them don't give up anything
of course you think Putin told his team
all right if you have to give this up no
he didn't he said don't give anything up
and what did Trump tell his team okay if
you have to you know you can back off on
this no he didn't say that he said you
can't give them anything you tell them
what you want and that's it and then you
see if he can get it now how in the
world is that going to
work underlings cannot negotiate because
the underlings can't make the tough
decisions that's why they're the
underlings so what you're trying to do
is exhaust each other you you want to
reach the point of uh oh this is
actually impossible it looks like it's
Forever War oh God you know we really
really wanted this to end but it doesn't
look like there's any path there's just
no way we can get
there and then Trump calls
Putin and Trump and Putin say all right
here's the deal we're not going to get
anywhere unless we both give up a little
something here's what I need you to give
up maybe he says what he needs you to
give up and then they make a deal but
you have to exhaust everybody and make
it look impossible before the the real
people come in and make a deal now what
the negot negotiators could do and maybe
this is useful they could find out maybe
what's completely off the table and
maybe they can't even find that out but
they might they might at least raise
some new ideas maybe maybe something
come up that nobody said before so Trump
and Putin will both be a little bit
better informed about what looks
practical and possible by the time they
talk but nothing's going to happen
nothing's going to happen until the two
of them talk that's the only negotiating
everything else is theater and
exhaustion and and what I call softening
the room so softening the room is a
negotiating tactic um this is I used to
write about this when when I was in the
corporate world go into a meeting and
everybody's got an idea about what it is
we should do and the ideas are not that
good and they argue and they argue and
they argue if I had a better idea in my
own opinion I'd wait until the last 10
minutes that there that we have the room
scheduled for and then after everybody's
so frustrated that they can't get
anything done that's when I dropped my
idea go you know you could do this and
everybody's so exhausted and they don't
want to talk about it anymore they just
want to be done in 10 minutes they've
got some other meeting to go to and
everybody will look at me and say well
that might
work the number of times I did that the
last 10 minute strategy it's called
softening the room I just wait till the
room is soften up and then I give them
the
solution Trump's going to do
that um so the top DC prosecutor this is
reported in the hill a top DC prosecutor
is resigning as uh at the EPA oh because
the EPA not at the apaa because the EPA
is Seeking a criminal probe of Biden's
climate funding so what this is about is
that $20 billion went out the door to
several climate
related entities just as the Biden
Administration was
ending now the accusation is that they
were really just trying to park it with
maybe their cronies or they were just
trying to make sure that Trump didn't
have it available to him or or they just
really like climate change and wanted to
make sure it was fully funded and was
hard to get back that money now I guess
uh lee zeldon is trying to get it back
anyway but so the top DC prosecut
resigned rather than opening some kind
of a criminal investigation of how that
20 billion got transferred and well it
looks like a hasty and maybe sketchy way
but I've got this
question what is the
crime I get that it's sketchy and I get
that it's suboptimal and I get that it's
sort of a political weasel thing to
do but was there a
crime and if if I were a top
prosecutor and somebody said go
investigate this crime and I said what
crime and they said well there's no
crime but I think if you look around you
might find
one I don't know I might resign I might
resign so I assume that most of these
things are purely political and has
nothing to do with principle I mean
that's it's kind of hard to imagine
anybody's operating a principal at this
point but uh I would like to see a
little more indication of crime before I
see the
investigation now I assume in the real
world sometimes there are investigations
under the assumption that there's
probably a crime but I don't know where
that standard starts and and ends but
I'm a little worried I don't want uh I
don't want the team that I'm backing to
be doing unrestricted lawfare now e even
if it's you know getting revenge nope
not good enough so this might be totally
appropriate and I'm definitely concerned
about this 20 billion I would definitely
like it to be clawed back I definitely
think it looks
sketchy but is there a crime I'm going
to need to hear there was a crime for me
to be in favor of
this uh Department of Homeland Security
helicopters have been getting struck by
lasers uh near the Mexican border so
presumably that's the cartel Fox News
Michael Le's reporting on this and I
guess I've been targeted by lasers about
six times now lasers meaning not a laser
weapon but like a laser pointer
apparently if you point that at a Pilot
it can blind them so uh even though it
might not do it if you were closer to it
there's something about the distance I
guess that that could make it blind the
pilot so it's very very dangerous and
it's an attack so even though it's not
the kind of laser that slices the plane
and half or the helicopter in this case
it's deadly it's potentially deadly and
the question I wonder is uh I wonder if
it would be legal to respond with deadly
force now I think this helicopter
probably wasn't armed but if it were a
military
helicopter and it's near the border but
it's on our side and somebody lasers it
could you not treat that as a military
attack and just light them up and just
take out cuz they know where it comes
from I mean they can literally see the
the laser origin part I'd be in favor of
military action so to me that would seem
entirely Justified I mean I don't care
if it's a teenager who thinks it's funny
if you're trying to take down an
aircraft and it's our aircraft and it's
it's armed yes it can it can kill you
that that seems entirely fair to me so
we'll see where that
goes so I was asking the other day about
that the discrepancies in the Social
Security database that Doge
found and I think a lot of people were
interpreting it as uh that they found
corruption because there was indication
that there were a lot of uh death fields
that were set to false or something as
if they never died and it would give you
the indication that there were social
security numbers that can be used for
illegal devious corrupt
purposes U of people who were actually
dead for a long time now when I asked
for a clarification on that uh I got a
good clarification from data
Republican on X now that's an account
you should follow um I always tell you
you should follow the explainers they're
the valuable ones you know the the Mike
Ben The Glenn Greenwald the and I'm
going to add data Republican it's one
word data Republican if you're on X uh
just she's just a great analyst so she
does with
data just a tremendous job and so she
gave this answer which uh Elon said
exactly so we know that musk agrees with
this exact interpretation now how how
valuable is that that's really valuable
that I've got this question data
Republican gives me this good answer
that I'm going to read to you and then
Elon says yes that's exactly
right like how in the world and then and
then the rest of you get to read it so
you get the benefit from that
interaction the the fact that musk
personally can tell you that something
is on point or not that's just it's
mindblowing it's just absolutely
mind-blowing that this is even
possible anyway data Republican answered
my question about the social security
database and said I believe the most
accurate interpretation is that the
Social Security Administration lacks a
reliable and consistent source of Truth
making its records inherently flawed
without an authoritative and accurate
data set internal Audits and reported
figures on benefit recipients cannot be
fully trusted so the problem is not that
they found a specific dollar amount of
crime the problem is you wouldn't know
if there was crime there or not that's a
really big problem so yeah needs to be
solved but you can't put a dollar amount
on it so that's that's what I wondered I
wondered how you could put a dollar
amount on
it meanwhile um meta created as you know
the
metaverse and we saw the first ad for it
that uh showed what the metaverse it's a
virtual reality kind of world that uh
Zuckerberg is trying to make big so he's
been working us for a number of years
he's got a $60 billion doll into it so
far
and uh they showed and it's been working
since 2020 so $60 billion like one I
think it might be the major possibly the
major thing that meta is working on and
they released their first advertisement
and it was so
pathetic that they had to pull the
advertisement it was just on uh
Instagram and it showed the little
virtual reality world you know as if you
were looking at if he were in the
virtual reality and the characters look
like
cartoons with movements that look like
had not been well planned so as people
sitting in a chair who just literally
looked like cartoons and and their arms
would be floating like
this why now here's the
problem that might be it might be an
example of the very height of what
virtual reality can do because you know
there limits on Hardware there's limits
on processors there's limits on memory
if you take into consideration all the
physical Computing limits trying to
create a full existing virtual world
with you know lots of characters and
stuff it might be really well not might
be it's really hard to do so it might
have been just the best that can be done
with current
technology however it has the very bad
luck of coming at the same time that AI
can produce photorealistic images on
demand so my brain just like almost
every one of you says wait a minute
there's a virtual reality product that
they they plunked 60 billion dollars
into it one of the top technology
companies in the entire world and it
doesn't look like it's photo
realistic your brain just can't accept
that so even if it might be the very
best you could do within that domain and
it's not it's not equivalent to AI
giving you a 3se second clip of
something photorealistic there those are
entirely different levels of
complexity uh but my brain my brain
can't accept a cartoony weird floating
person once I've seen what AI can do now
I don't know if AI can ever you know fix
what's happening with the virtual
reality I think the the challenges are
completely different there
but that is really bad
luck um but here's the fun
part so looking at these characters from
the outside I can tell that they just
look like
cartoons but what do the characters if
the characters were let's say
autonomous what would they think of each
other would they think oh there's a low
resolution character that must be
created by a computer
or would it say there's a high
resolution character that looks normal
just like I
am well the answer is it depends how you
code it so it might be one line of code
to say each character imagines that
everything they see is High
Fidelity that's it the character just
has to think it's seeing High Fidelity
you just program as so it does it
doesn't have to see high fidelity it
only has to think it does and then it
will argue to its death that it can see
detail and it would never know the
difference so if we were a simulation
and we were also low Fidelity is it
possible that we wouldn't know it
because we're programmed to think it's
High
Fidelity well let me take it to the next
level everything in my room right now is
High Fidelity as far as I know
but I can't see
it the only thing I know is High
Fidelity is maybe a few words that I'm
looking at on the comments as they go by
everything else is sort of imagined High
Fidelity you see what I mean I imagine
it's High Fidelity but I'm not even
looking at it it's not registering in
any way in my brain but my brain is
programmed to think that I sort of do
see
it it's so easy to program a character
to think it's high fidelity but the only
High Fidelity is what they're really
really focusing on in this narrow little
cone because that's the only part your
brain is dealing with so it could be if
we were a simulation the only High
Fidelity is this narrow cone of whatever
we're really focusing on at the moment
and everything else is low Fidelity we
wouldn't know the
difference I know you love that
simulation talk well Elon Musk said he's
gonna talk to Trump about the idea of uh
refunding at the rate of $55,000 a piece
to
taxpayers um some of the Doge savings so
they saved they saved 55 billion so far
and uh if they only gave a portion of
that back to taxpayers it be for
somebody says $5,000 a piece I'm looking
at an article in Tech Times by Isaiah
Richard but here's the obvious question
that people in the comments
were saying and I said
immediately I thought the point of Doge
was to reduce our
deficit I didn't think it was creating a
piggy bank that could be doled out now I
like the fact that people could get
$5,000 I mean that would make a really
big difference to a lot of people it's a
big deal but I feel like it might create
a
precedent where everybody thinks that
the Doge savings are a new piggy bank
I'm already worried
the Congress looks at the Doge savings
as oh that's money we didn't have to
spend before but he's reduced our
expenses by 100 billion so I guess I
have another 100 billion to spend that's
not how it's supposed to
work so here's the argument for it
though the argument in favor of it is
that V voters are not really following
the politics very carefully they know
there's a doge and they may have heard
some good things about it and some bad
things about it if you wanted them to be
on board with Doge before it does the
hard stuff like the Pentagon budget the
Social Security the you know Health Care
budgets you might want to bribe
them I could say bribe but it wouldn't
be illegal it would be all all
transparent uh you might want to say hey
doge is so cool here's
$5,000 and then suddenly your Doge
approval would go from I think it's over
50%
but like it it would hit 60 plus% almost
immediately because people would say I
don't know much about this but I just
got to check for
$5,000 so keep going Elon maybe I'll get
another
check so if you're looking at it from a
persuasion perspective to make it easier
for Doge to get the the final work done
you know the the big savings to sort of
soften the room as it were this would be
a way to do it now if Elon is thinking
it that way as a way just to make Doge
more successful in the long run get
people on board that makes sense that
makes sense but I definitely wouldn't
want this to be the beginning of hey we
created some free money that can be used
in this way or that
way meanwhile the uh Mexican government
says that is seized $40 million worth a
meth before it crossed the
border and the Daily colar News
Foundation is reporting this Jason
Hopkins and there's a photo of some
Mexican authority over six big blue
barrels of something that presumably are
some kind of
drug and the question I ask is
this how do we know what's in those
barrels is it possible that the Mexican
Government working with the cartels just
says every month or so all right do you
have those blue barrels yeah we got the
six blue barrels can you put them in a
different building and we'll photograph
our guys with a heavy Weaponry standing
by them and we'll say we captured uh
what's a good number I don't know 20 30
million worth let's go 40 let's go 40
million worth all right everybody stand
by these barrels click click click click
there we go doing a great job just stop
40 million dollar worth of meth from
coming into the United
States how would we know
that they stopped
anything that would be the easiest thing
in the world to fake right you wouldn't
expect anybody to be I mean it would
take the smallest number of people to be
involved in the fraud and they probably
wouldn't
talk now I'm not saying it is fraud I'm
just saying if it's indistinguishable
from something that could easily be
faked why would you believe it so I'm
going to put it in the category of
things I just don't believe
could be true it absolutely could be
true not buying it not buying it at all
it's a little too on the nose hey Mexico
we're going to give you uh big tariffs
if you don't stop a lot of drugs uh look
at these six barrels we just
stopped and and uh a few weeks from now
oh look it's another six barrels well
those look like the same barrels yeah
they they often use the same kind of
barrel material they like they like to
use the blue barrels oh but we found
another
one but is that the same six barrels no
it's not the same six barrels It's Five
Barrels how easy would that be come
on meanwhile some good news PJ media is
reporting Victoria Taft that uh Trump's
losing some serious weight um he was
asked uh how much he he lost and I think
he said he was guessing 15 to 20 pounds
he does look lighter now he attributed
to being busy and having no time to eat
but I don't think that's exactly the
whole story uh there's some kind of
source that Victoria Taft had I guess
that says that Melania is sort of behind
it and that she's been pushing him to
eat more healthy food but here's the
part I just love uh allegedly now this
is from a source anonymous source so put
it in context uh the Milani has on
occasion I don't know what on occasion
means but on occasion been cooking
family dinners at Trump Tower for the
president and their son
Baron I love that I love that so do you
ever put yourself in Trump's position
and just just try to imagine what it's
like he can have any any
luxury he spends his time around luxury
and you know everything basically he
just has access to everything but the
one thing that somebody in his position
would have trouble getting is a
home-cooked meal with his son and his
wife to me that's worth more than all
the other stuff so to me that just makes
me happy if it's true I mean I assume
it's
true I would love to know that Melania
enjoys cooking that she's good at it and
that sometimes she just cooks for the
two of them that would be amazing that
would be amazing yeah but there's more
to it it's much bigger imagine if you
will that Trump loses I don't know if he
has more to lose but but let's say he
becomes felt like he just looks really
good on the golf course imagine seeing
him on the golf course completely
trimmed down now put that in the context
of Maha make America healthy again and
RFK Jr and Nicole Shanahan and all the
push toward staying away from the bad
foods and toward the good ones and what
how good that will be for us imagine if
Trump made the move away from processed
foods and then you could just
watch here's why this is a big
deal um during the Kennedy
administration
JFK he was I guess he was one of the
first politicians to not wear a hat and
it killed the entire hat
industry because when JFK didn't wear a
hat people thought I don't have to wear
a hat this Hat's kind of a pain in pain
in neck so I won't wear a hat it killed
the entire industry so it's it's hard to
uh you know it's hard to appreciate the
degree to which the role models make a
difference and if
Trump found a way to you know just sort
of gently
relax his weight down without using the
without using the weight loss drugs and
by the way we wouldn't know if he used
one or not but if he managed to do it
through just eating
right that would be amazing for the
country just the benefit of the country
would be amazing but it also be good for
him so this is one of the the things
that makes me happiest
today and then Trump does this this is
reported by Jim hofton the Gateway
pundit so he's signed an executive order
to expand and reduce the cost of uh in
invitro fertilization so he wants to
make fertility treatments more
accessible for American families now the
executive order just says that he's
putting together a group to study it and
find a way to make it less expensive
it's super expensive so if you want to
have a baby and and you're going to need
Inver invitro
fertilization uh it could cost you up to
25,000 per
cycle uh and it might not work so you
might have to do more than one cycle
25,000 a shot and health insurance uh
covers some of it but it's limited and
only a quarter of employers offer
it
um and uh apparently 85,000 infants were
born as a result of IVF in
2021 now this is in the context of the
natural birth population of the United
States dropping so it's important it's
important that we have ways to make as
many babies as possible in ways that you
know are healthy and family supports
them and stuff like that um but what I
wondered was wasn't this one of the
biggest things that the Democrats
worried about that they used to lie and
say that he doesn't like IVF or I think
they said JD Vance doesn't like it or
something it was all fake because he's
always been in favor of it but I tried
to think okay I'll put myself in the
shoes of a Democrat how do they explain
that one of the biggest things that they
were complaining about Trump is he would
take your bodily autonomy which would
include IVF that you take it away and
not only is he not taking it away he is
doing serious things to make it more
available and cheaper and then I
realized oh here's the natural
attack
line do you see it yet let's see if you
have it in the
comments do you see the do you see the
natural attack line where they're going
to get him it jumps out as soon as I
tell you you're going to say oh how did
I not see that here it is Trump's trying
to make more white babies
boom because I don't know this I don't
have any statistics but I'll bet you
given that it cost $25,000 per cycle
I'll bet you the high income people are
the people with good jobs and good
insurance and a little extra cash a lot
of extra cash are probably the only ones
that have used it so far which would
suggest probably it's concentrated in
maybe white and Asian-American families
because they're high
income and how easy would it be for Joy
Reed to say well it looks like white
supremist say Trump has figured out a
way to make more white
babies oh that is so coming
when it should be oh I guess we lied
about everything when we said he was
going to get rid of
IVF that should be the story that MSNBC
and his critics lied about everything it
was never true and this is you know
proof it was never
true they're still going to say you
racist in other
news a law firm that uh apparently
handles Elon musk's
stuff um is putting together a draft for
a uh legislative change in Delaware now
of course it's just a law firm so they
don't get to vote on it but they're
proposing it through probably some I
assume some politicians are on board
CNBC is reporting this Laura kadney and
so the law firm is trying to get a
change in Delaware that would possibly
open the door for Elon musk to get that
big uh was it 56 billion pay package or
whatever it was that he was denied
because a Delaware judge said that that
pay package agreement is invalid because
Elon Musk had too much control over the
C over the company that uh gave it to
him and since it was basically conflict
of interest uh the judge say we're
throwing it
out now I don't believe the company had
any complaint about it I think there was
one stockholder who bought a few shares
and did it just to take down uh
Elon but his uh Law Firm is making a
very creative uh attack and the attack
is that Delaware has become sort of
poison for corporations because of
exactly this sort of thing you you saw
Bill lman moved to his company on of
Delaware uh that they just register in
Delaware it's they're not based in
Delaware but
uh they're they're saying that they can
make Delaware what it used to be a place
you could trust to register your
corporation because now people don't
trust it so he said they we can get back
to Delaware having the advantage of
being this great place to register your
corporation with just a few changes one
of the changes would be that if you
owned uh less than one-third of the
stock of the company you would be
presumed not to control it
1/3 now that's pretty reasonable if you
owned 51% obviously you do control it if
you own 40% you kind of almost control
it but 30% seems fair that seems quite
reasonable that if you're below
30% you uh you're you're not by
definition you're not controlling the
company now you could argue whether you
know some personalities could still
control the company with
30% but uh that got adopted it would
make other corporations feel a little
more comfortable having their
corporation registered there but here's
the best part of the story the name of
the law firm is Richards Leighton and
finger Richards Leighton and
finger now when I see Richard in this
case it's the last name not a first name
it always makes me think a dick because
you know dick is the nickname for
Richard so even though it's Richards
with an s
I I just see a dick and then there's
Leon first three letters are
lay lay a ton I guess and that makes me
think of
sax because leay you know and then the
last last name is finger so it's really
dick lay finger like when I read it and
I'm thinking come
on of all the law firms in the world
Elon Musk picked the one that makes me
think of dick L and
finger perfect it's just
perfect anyway we we'll keep an eye on
that um Judicial Watch is asking for a
probe of uh the exgen Millie for what he
did in planning January 6 this is being
reported by Paul Bard Washington
examiner um so let's call a Judicial
Watch a legal watchdog
that would be a good description and
they're trying to figure out if they can
get uh Records about what the exact
conversations were between uh Mark
Millie and his top Pentagon and other
and other officials Homeland Security
Etc now the the thinking
is that uh you've probably
heard people who know more than I know
say General
Millie General Millie is the you know
probably behind the whole uh January 6
operation you know maybe he
intentionally made security light so
that they could turn into what looked
more like a an Insurrection or they
could at least frame it that way now I
don't know if any of those accusations
are true I'll just say that he's long
been accused by members of the you know
the right as being the obvious culprit
if in fact there's a
culprit
um but here's my larger comment
I want you to just think about this for
a
moment have you ever noticed how rarely
the United States has a large scale
protest unless it's funded and organized
by shadowy
forces has it ever happened in my
lifetime in my whole
life H have citizens of the United
States ever
self-organized because they really cared
about a thing no matter what that thing
was black lives matter that was not
organic we know that now that was just
funded and organized
antifa went away as soon as Biden became
president which is a little sketchy
right we've seen all the color
Revolutions in other countries where all
the protests are literally organized by
shadowy external forces and so but let
me ask this question to the best of your
knowledge
has there ever been a self-organized
large scale protest about anything in
the United States during your
lifetime Vietnam War
maybe maybe not probably organized by
shadowy forces but I don't know but
let's just say in the last 20 years in
the last 20 years do you think there's
ever been a large scale organic
protests do you think uh uh that what
what was the name of the Wall Street
one that kind of went away then there
was a tea party then that kind of went
away I've got a feeling that Americans
just can't organize spontaneously if it
doesn't if it's not funded by people who
know how to make things happen I don't
think it happens take for
example the government spending us into
certain Doom you know with our with our
deficit
and then every year they'll just sign
some continuing resolution which says
well we'll just add to the deficit
because we don't want to make
decisions don't you think that watching
your elected representatives send you
into certain Doom not maybe certain Doom
you don't think that that would be
enough to organize uh a million people
on the street of course it would if we
cared about topics
if if if people were simply
outraged by bad performance of people or
policies that don't like you would see
gigantic protests every week or two
because there's plenty of stuff to
protest all kinds of stuff what about
Doge what about all the um you know all
the people who think doge is a bad idea
where's the
protest nobody's paid for one yet there
might be one but it will be funded and
organized by shadowy people so I'm going
to I'm going to just put down this
marker don't know if it's completely
true but I don't believe there's any
evidence that Americans ever organize in
large scale like January 6 unless
there's somebody shadowy behind it I
just don't think it ever
happens I'd love to be proven
wrong well I wouldn't love it but it' be
interesting
I I try to think I I've told you this
before but you know when I built my
house I built a home theater it's very
small but you know it's like um 10 seats
10 seats in a little home theater and I
thought oh how great this will be to
invite friends over to watch a movie I
could never get two people who wanted to
watch the same movie at the same time
and then I'm watching black lives matter
and antifa get like you know thousands
and thousands of people in the street
and I'm saying to myself in what country
can you do that
but where can you get all those people
to do that thing if I can't get two
people to even watch a movie at the same
time so no I don't think that Americans
organize no without shadowy forces
behind them I don't think the tea party
was organic do
you I don't believe in at all and again
I don't have evidence that it wasn't
organic but I doubt
it seems very unlikely
all right um that's all I got for now
I'm going to say hi to the locals
people
privately
um for the rest of you thanks for
joining the truckers is the only one in
Canada well the
truckers um were also non American yeah
yeah that's a good one the the truckers
as far as I know did not have any
shadowy U influence as far as I
know all right but they also didn't they
were they were in their
trucks so it makes me wonder how many
there were you know but there's a
difference between driving your truck
somewhere and being on the street just
seems different all right um continue
challenging me on that no no uh organic
protest in the United States Canada
might be
different all right everybody I'll see
you tomorrow same time same place if
you're on rumble or YouTube orx and
locals coming at you privately in 30
seconds
e
e e