I'm pumpin pumpin I'm pom pom pom pom
hey everybody guess what you came to the
right place again every day you're
nailing it I gotta say your system for
having a good day is going well you know
what a good system is the system is
something that you do every day you
don't know where it's heading exactly
it's not like a goal but you do it every
day and you know it leads to something
good
well what if your systems is watching
coffee with Scott Adams every morning
and finding out the news before all the
bad people turned it into garbage so
I'll start your day with a little
dopamine hit that will make your day
better it's a good system start the day
on a good note get some momentum going
it'll be hard to derail your excellent
mood and does it take much to enjoy this
new system the system we call coffee
with Scott Adams no no it doesn't you
can enjoy the simultaneous sip with the
least amount of resources all you need
is a copper of Margar glass a tanker
chalice or Stein a canteen jugger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I'm partial to my coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
simultaneous up go oh yeah yep yep yeah
that's hitting all the right spots round
starting our day right well there's an
unusual amount of loser think in the
news loser think what's that you say
well look over my shoulder right there
that's a cup of coffee and that's my
book loser think in which I teach people
how to think more productively by
introducing them to the various
disciplines of thought gonna give you
some examples
already here's one have we not been
listening to the anti-trump pundits tell
us for the last several days that that
President Trump is impulsive he's
reckless he's reckless and he's
impulsive
he's so reckless and impulsive we don't
know what's gonna happen and then and
specifically he's reckless and impulsive
when it came to ordering the taking out
of general Soleimani but CFN is
reporting today that Mike Pompeo has
wanted that Salomon a neg eye off the
field shall we say for about 10 years
and has been one of his main priorities
so Mike Pompeo who nobody thinks his
dumb right can we agree with that
whether you agree with him disagree with
him no matter what side you're on nobody
thinks Mike Pompeii was dumb right I
think that's true I've never heard
anybody even suggest that so he's a
smart guy and for 10 years he's been
thinking about this exact situation he's
the president's primary advisor on this
topic and the president decided to go
with what CNN is reporting would have
been Mike Pompeo strong preference is
that the same as impulsive somebody was
saying here he was a number one at West
Point okay
point made III said everybody agrees
that he's smart I didn't actually know
he was that smart you got to be pretty
pretty pretty pretty smart to be number
one at West Point pretty pretty pretty
pretty smart so what does CNN do with
its previous reporting which mostly came
from pundits let's be clear about that
not not the hard news people but the
pundits saying the president is
impulsive impulsive impulsive and then
we find out that he took the advice of a
guy who was number one at West Point is
exactly the job you
current job Mike Pompeo this is exactly
the one you're supposed to be listening
to for this kind of question
and ten years of knowing about
researching caring about this one guy he
gives advice to his commander who
accepts his advice and that's reported
as there's something wrong with the
president's brain right how could that
be more opposite that's as opposite as
you can get to there's something wrong
with the president's brain he's too
impulsive and reckless all right so
they're reporting opposites now as if as
if they could both exist so apparently
the US Canadian and British official
officials fizzles all the officials who
you may call officials they've all
agreed that it was probably a
russian-made missile coming out of Iran
beating the Iranians were operating it
and has shut down that Ukraine airline
Russia's response to this is that quote
there's no basis for the claims what
have I told you about Liars here's what
Liars do first let me give you an
example of what non Liars do hey Scott
did you shoot down that airplane no what
the are you talking about I'm sorry
I'm trying not to swear as much as here
what the hell are you talking about no
of course I didn't shoot down in the
airlines what are you talking about
that doesn't make any sense that's what
an honest person says here's what a liar
says Scott did you shoot down that
airliner show me the evidence I what's
your basis you have presented no
evidence that would suggest I shot down
your airliner so Russia I don't know if
there are idiots I mean honestly I can't
tell are they idiots in Russia I don't
think so right Russia has smart people
too but why do they act like idiots is
it because they don't know that from a I
think it's a social difference by the
way my expectation is and this is just
speculation
I don't know this it could be that in
Russia lying is so prevalent that you
don't care if people know you're lying
that's just speculation is that true
because when the Russia the Russian
representative says there's no basis for
the claim a hundred percent of the
people in the West go oh so you just
signaled to me you're lying you just
told me your line it couldn't be more
clear because honest people don't talk
that way but maybe they do talk that way
and in Russia
I doubt it it's more likely that there's
so much lying in Russia that people just
go it's another liar it just doesn't
make any difference I feel as though
Russia is lying to us in a way that
maybe they lied to their own people but
maybe it works with their own people
because their own people weren't gonna
believe it under any circumstance it's
like it's just another lie whereas maybe
they think we will I mean do they think
anybody in the West is looking at this
and say oh all the evidence seems to
indicate is a Russian missile operated
by the Iranians but the Russia says
there's no basis for it so I guess we
can you know release on that now what
did they think we're gonna do with that
anyway that's enough of that
I'm having this truck this problem of
trying not to laugh at disasters and I
don't know if you're having this problem
too but when people lose their lives no
matter who they are you know if there
isn't civilians especially you know as
human beings we should be focusing on
that the tragedy the survivors the you
know the family is etc and I'm fully on
board with being good people and and
focusing where it's most productive but
there are some things about disasters
that I can't help it I can't help it
they're funny
and rich Lowry did a tweet that is one
of those so rich Lowry GOP you know
famous person says in his tweet is the
new standard really that a president of
the United States can't defend against
attacks on US personnel by a terror
regime because the regime might
accidentally shoot down an airliner
taking off from one of their own
airports in other words their threat is
if you attack us again we'll shoot down
another one of our our own Airlines or
an airline filled with our own citizens
what kind of thinking is this that it's
somehow the u.s. is joint responsibility
that the Iranians has shot down a plane
taking off from their own capital
airport do we really take the blame for
that because we shut the box yeah when
you shake the box you're gonna get
unintended consequences yeah we all
understand that right we're adults you
take a big box and you shake it you're
gonna get unintended consequences you
know what else you're gonna get only
unintended consequences because that's
what shaking the box does that's all
point the whole point is you don't know
what you're gonna end up with after you
shake the box you just know that where
you are is the wrong place and you can't
get where you need to be from where you
are so you shake the box I don't think
that we could be responsible for other
people making mistakes that feels like
kind of a stretch
speaking of unintended consequences
here's something you haven't thought
about much when we talk about the United
States decisions about what to do in
other countries especially if there's
military action we always talk about
unintended consequences and we say well
we intended to get rid of those weapons
of mass destruction but oops there
weren't any and we ended up wrecking the
entire Middle East and giving power to
her and that's a pretty big unintended
consequence right let me tell you who
else has to worry about unintended
winces I tweeted yesterday that the
worst thing that the US military could
do to Iran the country of Iran is to
leave think about the implications of
the United States military just saying
you know we're just kind of done we're
done in Syria where did we're done in
Iraq how about we just leave now keep in
mind we have ton of bases in the area
you know they're the friendly countries
to us Saudi Arabia etcetera we have
bases so we've got bases that surround
Iraq we've got bases this around Iraq
we're all over the place over there but
we could get certainly good out of Iran
and we could certainly I'm sorry we can
certainly get out of Iraq and we can
certainly get out of Syria what would be
the unintended consequences of Iran
getting exactly what they're asking for
because that's what they're asking for
they're asking for us to leave what
would happen think about it what would
be the unintended consequence of Iran
getting from the United States military
not being the big dog in the area well
if you take the big dog away you get a
new big dog right because there's always
the next biggest dog who becomes the new
big dog who would be the big dog in that
area of town if we leave Russia all
right
does Iran want to have Russia as their
frenemy jockeying for let's say
influence in the area because remember
Russia isn't leaving does Iran really
want the United States no longer to be
I'll say in between you know I'm
speaking very loosely and figuratively
but doesn't the u.s. military sort of
stand in between the two let's say
allies of you know Russia and Iran now
Russia and Iran are are somewhat working
together somewhat allied but not really
do you think that Iran in the long term
wants to be Russia's good friend doubt
it do you think Russia in the long term
thinks that they want
really help Iran get its national goals
met and I'll think so because Iran's
national and objectives seem to be the
death of everybody in Russia or or the
let's say the conversion to Islam so
Russia and Iran it seems to me and again
we're just speculating because the whole
point of unintended consequences is you
don't know what's going to happen it's
not unintended if you know what's going
to happen it seems to me that if you've
got United States military got out of
there it would put the Russian military
in the Iranian military suddenly from
being on the same side ish on some
things to a lot more confrontational you
know who else would be a lot more
confrontational Israel Israel would no
longer have the luxury of having the
United States do any of the things that
maybe they wish they would have to do
themselves or they would have to do
themselves if we weren't there what
about Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia wouldn't
act the same because they might say uh
god the US military's gone we might have
to get more aggressive so whatever would
happen after we leave if Iran assumes
that the one the way the world looks is
better for them I would say as the
Russians say there's no basis for that
there's no book there's no reason to
believe that Iran would do better if we
left it's what they want
but I don't know that they would do
better
so remember unintended consequences were
work of both ways and I can't think of
anything that would be more sweet
revenge for people who think that we
need to revenge on Iran for whatever
going back to 1979 then putting them in
a direct conflict with Russia because if
we leave I think sooner or later Iran
and Russia are going to be in direct
conflict am i right now I don't know
anything about the area so let me let me
be
as as we'll see transparent as possible
by saying that I don't know what's going
on in the Middle East I don't know I
don't know enough about all the players
to make you know who's smart
geopolitical statements clearly but it
does seem to me that we are the thing
that keeps Russia and Iran from being at
each other because they have us as this
common enemy so that's my only point
here's a question for you is Iran a
dangerous military power who if
Unleashed would cause great havoc to us
and our allies or completely incompetent
paper tiger who has overextended itself
and is on the on the brink of going out
of business so to speak as a country and
all their equipment is rusted and it
would only take us 10 minutes to take
out the whole country which of those is
closer to the truth by the way I will
talk about Matt gates so I see some
people prompted me but it's in my notes
I'll get them
so I'm continually amazed at how often
the common assumption about things is a
hundred percent wrong because Iran is
either a really formidable military foe
or the opposite and we're here in I'm
seeing evidence of both keep in mind
that when we talk about when we talked
about invading Iraq it was understood
that that was always a ground war in
other words you couldn't really invade
Iraq and do anything useful unless you
put boots on the ground which is what
happened with the Iraq Wars but if Iran
ever got into a shooting war with the
United States would we ever have to put
boots on the ground because the smart
people say no the smart people say that
we would take out the refineries take
out their missile sites was one other
thing if you take out the refineries
that's the entire economy that's one
afternoon you take out their missile
sites might take you a few days you know
because they've got probably jamming and
you know anti-aircraft and stuff like
that few days so if you take out their
anti-aircraft we would control the sky
over Iran and they would have no economy
you wouldn't really need to do anything
else except wait right you could take
out their entire Navy in one more
afternoon
so you and their airforce would be I
mean destroyed on the ground I would
imagine so it seems to me that when we
talk about war with Iran we're not
really even in our wildest imaginings
imagining that anything could create a
situation where we'd want to put people
there it just doesn't make any sense if
we wanted to destroy them given that
they're their own population is ready to
do the hard work for us I mean the
protestors seem to be poised to give us
a new government in Iran if the
conditions allowed them to do so so it
could be that if the US military just
kept the Iranian military busy for a
while that the locals would do the rest
now that of course is wildly optimistic
and the laws of unintended consequences
are very big in this case and there's
not even the slightest situation in
which I would ever suggest we should go
to war with Iran so just to be clear
there's no smart argument to go to war
with Iran given our current situation
mmm I don't think anybody can make that
argument and I don't see it changing
which leads me to Matt Gaetz congressman
Matt Gaetz one of just a few Republicans
who voted in a way that we presume
president Trump would not it like we
voted in favor of the house the house
motion
what is that resolution motion
legislation I never know what to call
stuff doesn't matter for this purpose so
he basically agreed with Congress
confirming its role as the approver of
wars meaning that we won't go to war
with Iran
like a proper war as opposed to a you
know a defensive military action but
that we that we don't want to go to a
proper war with Iran or anybody else I
suppose unless the Congress has approved
now the point of that was to constrain
President Trump so that he doesn't go to
war with Iran against the wishes of
Congress now have I told you before the
following things number one Matt Gaetz
is a strong contender and I'll go so far
as to say probable presidential
contender at some point in the future
probable probable winner as well because
just based on his skill set he has all
the skills he has all the skills I don't
think he's missing a single skill to be
a GOP candidate and I think you would I
think he would clean the table on any
Democrat that ran against them with the
exception there's only one exception
there's only one Democrat I could
imagine in the future remember we're
projecting now five ten years in the
future or whatever we in that's AOC
apparently AOC is just killing it unfund
raising and doesn't want to share it
with the DNC which is the normal process
she doesn't have to so she's not and
she's using her fundraising to fund her
more radical Democratic folks so
remember I told you in the very
beginning the AOC was not a flash in the
pan others told you this as well but we
were doing the same thing we did with
Trump in the early days which is said oh
you might now see this coming but she
has the full skillset she's not just
gonna be today's news she might be the
future of the party remember some of us
said that very early on when all of you
said no no no Scott she's just a crazy
radical she'll have her day she'll get
her 15 minutes it'll be over any minute
now
and I was saying now look at the skill
set the skill set suggests she might be
your future president
or at least a running for it Matt Gaetz
might be the only thing that could keep
her around at the White House and people
like him in other words the only way
you're gonna keep a OSE out of the White
House is to have a really good GOP
candidate cuz when she runs she's gonna
be really good
all right you know you you deleted
I just can't stand the the the the
trolls who say that if I say to a OCS
Gill that is really my way of signaling
that I want to you know that I want to
get with her like that that's just so
it's just creepy and stupid and small
you get deleted for that you can talk
about politicians without wanting to get
with them you know can we agree with
that that bothered me more than I
should've
so let's get back to Mack AIDS
one of the things I said in addition to
saying the maggots has all the all the
tools and not many people I would say
that about there are not many people you
would say have all the tools he has all
the tools persuasion communication his
policies are are really well calibrated
for the future not just today but even
the future and one of the tells I give
you for somebody who is a great
persuader and how many times have I said
this the great persuaders pick up free
money that other people couldn't see
it's so reliable you look for this and
you'll see it a lot there'll be this
pile of money sitting on the table and
person after person walks past it
without seeing it and then the great
persuader comes by and says hey hey big
pile of money anybody who owns this
money seriously this is free money
there's nobody who has this money nobody
has claim on this money I'll take it so
if you see somebody picking up free
money when nobody else can see it you're
dealing with somebody who's got
superpowers in terms of persuasion
that's what Matt Gaetz did when he voted
against the president here's why
apparently this I don't know resolution
or whatever the hell it was had
contained no criticism of President
Trump that's very important and Matt
Gaetz points that out he said I voted
for something they had no criticism of
President Trump it wasn't there
not just interpreting it differently it
just wasn't there that's important so
did he really vote against the president
because the president wasn't really
mentioned what he did vote was in favor
of the constitutional requirement that
that the Congress be part of the
decision not to make war so in other
words he voted for his own team Congress
and he voted consistent with the
Constitution according to a hundred
percent of scholars now he said he
talked to the president about it so the
president probably knew he was going to
do it what do you think the president
said I think he mentioned that the
president wasn't overjoyed about it and
and we would expect that to be true
right you would expect that the
president would prefer all things being
equal the president would prefer that a
hundred percent of Republicans are on
his side all the time but the president
also knows what a table of free money
looks like this is speculation because
remember you can't read minds but
imagine you're in the room with two of
the most talented persuaders of our time
Trump and Congressman is pretty close to
him at gates imagine their private
conversation I don't know if they had a
private conversation but this is just a
mental thought in which Matt Gaetz says
you know I'm thinking of voting voting
for this thing because it doesn't insult
you and it supports the Constitution
Sports Congress of which I am a member
so it's completely consistent and it's
free money would trump
understand what he meant when he said
this is free money he didn't say that
these are my own imaginary speculative
thought experiment words I'm putting
this in his mouth would trump understood
understand what that meant yeah you
would here's what it means what is the
biggest criticism of Matt Gaetz
well I read the Washington Post story
about this very episode about him voting
in favor of Nancy Pelosi's whatever it
was and and they start out by saying
this this long insulting paragraph about
how Matt Gaetz just always agrees with
the president and he's sort of the the
president's you know they put bad words
on it but basically it's the idea that
he would just support the president no
matter what so Matt Gaetz finds this
pile of free money in which he can
distance himself from the idea first of
all that he's in favor of war or any
kind of you know
rash decision to go to war with their
own Congress's approval
that's about the safest place you could
ever have a political opinion and he
gets to distance himself from Trump on
an issue that's war and peace a big
issue now in our minds it's a big issue
right the question of how much control
the commander-in-chief has about making
war while we're at the time of you know
potential danger and potential or it's a
really big decision
it's a big issue and Matt Gaetz gets to
disagree with the public I'm sorry
disagree with the president he gets to
agree with the public because the public
is pretty much on his side on this that
Congress needs to be part of the
decision and and even Republicans like
the Constitution which he's being
compatible with in a direct way so what
does Matt Gaetz get he gets to be on TV
remember attention is 50% 50% of
persuasion so Matt Matt Gaetz gets the
attention
being one of the unusual votes for a
Republican so he gets all the attention
he's on all the Big Show's isn't all the
headlines for Freight he paid nothing
for that and it totally worked for his
portfolio of you know his background his
history what we think about him it
perfectly worked because there created
some distance between his independent
opinions and President Trump free money
a gigantic pile of free money
they're only mag aids saw so he picked
it up you'll never see a better resume
point then can pick up free money I
would argue and it's too early to say
this way too early to see this but I
would argue that when President Trump
decided to take out a Salomon a we might
eventually learn that he was picking up
free money now what I mean by that is
that we imagined that the risks were
extreme but maybe they never were
meaning that it could be and all the
evidence is suggesting us that Iran is
not that upset about the Salomon a
getting killed
now don't judge by the the size of the
crowds because there's a cultural
element that gives them big crowds they
may have been coerced who knows so you
can't really judge by the crowds but you
could certainly judge by how Iran is
responding and they responded by saying
will fire some missiles into the desert
and call it even that doesn't sound like
they're too broken up I've got a feeling
that that was free money it certainly
looks like that alright let's see what
else we got going on let's talk about
Preet Barrera so Preet wrote a an op-ed
representative Doug Collins who was a
Republican and apparently Doug Collins
asserted on a interview on national
television then this is preached opinion
pieces since on cnn.com and he said
about the Democrats he's talked about
the Democrats and he said that they are
quote are in love with terrorists we we
see that they mourn Solomon a more than
they mourn our gold star families ouch
Preet Bharara called him out and for
discussed basically so without getting
to the actual text of what he said so
Preet Pereira who you might know as a
very vocal anti Trump ur one of the most
vocal in fact I think Trump fired him
from his job when when Trump became
president he's an attorney a an advocate
I would say for his points of views but
in this case I completely agree with
Preet Bharara so he's calling out Doug
Collins for mind-reading in other words
Doug Collins is asserting as if he has
some certainty the Democrats are in love
with terrorists and that they mourn them
more than gold star families do you
think that there's even one Democrat who
holds the opinion that Doug Collins just
attributed to Democrats in general I
doubt it I doubt it
somebody says truth truth seriously all
right let me say as clearly as I
possibly can if you think Democrats like
terrorists more than gold star families
you're an idiot
all right and you should just sign off
this periscope and never watch it again
because that is the dumbest thing that
anybody could ever think it's a case of
mind-reading it's an ultimate cases
loser think as I talked about in my book
loser think an excellent book you should
read
we don't know what other people are
thinking and we certainly don't believe
that people like terrorists who are
killing Americans more than we like our
own you know military families or the
where the surviving family members whose
children got killed in war nobody thinks
that Doug Collins if you believe well
first of all I doubt Doug Collins
actually believes this so the fact that
he's saying it is just it's despicable
it really is it's just totally
despicable yeah okay you know you on
Omar rah blah blah blah
Elon Omar does not represent Democrats
she represents Elon or more so yes yes
yes you can believe that there are maybe
two people in Congress at most who are
anti-american at their core that
wouldn't be surprising and there might
be a few bad apples and any big batch so
there might be a few anti-american types
in Congress as possible I'm not a
mind-reader so I can't read their minds
but certainly their actions would give
you enough evidence to say okay based on
their statements and their actions they
seem pretty anti-american what two
Democrats and that we even know of so
that sort of paints Democrats as being
in love with terrorists me me even if
you even if he's just talking about the
professional set of Democrats not just
the public it's despicable Doug Collins
and I'm glad that Preet called you out
on that moreover since I I continuously
blame the Democrats for mind reading I'm
not going to ignore it when it happens
the other way all right you you would
not I don't think you would respect me
if I did
so no mind reading and that's just
ridiculous Doug Collins you ought to be
ashamed of yourself for that
Joel Pollak had I don't know if it's a
scoop but I didn't hear it anywhere else
in in Breitbart did you know and I
haven't seen this anywhere else but did
you know that the
the so-called contractor who was killed
in in Iraq by Iranian proxies this
started this whole sequence of events
that led to Solomon ease missile death
did you know that the contractor who
started this all is actually a Muslim
American did you know that he's a Jew
what's the exactly yeah he's a his name
is was I'm sorry
or I guess still is now res Waleed
Hameed he's a Muslim American immigrant
from Sacramento so he's one of mine
meaning a Californian so how does that
fit with the Democrats view of the
president he literally took out the head
of Iran for killing an American Muslim
American immigrant
now when I say Muslim American immigrant
I don't I don't know if he had
citizenship but it doesn't matter for
these purposes because he was if he was
over there you know if he was over there
helping our military in a military
situation I'm gonna call him an American
independent of whatever his official
status was I'm a big believer and I know
most of you can hate this that American
is bigger than just the paperwork I
think most of you would agree with that
in concept but it causes problems when
you're trying to decide who's a legal
citizen and who's not but I'm gonna
stick with it anyway being an American
is to me accepting a certain set of
principles and ideals and you know
picking a team if you will so I have
never been a stickler for if your
paperwork's wrong you're not an American
because there are two senses of American
there's the paperwork American and then
there's American in spirit American in
you know attitude American and
preference American
terms a-team yeah there's lots of ways
to be an American and I'm gonna say that
that this contractor who started it all
will say his name again because I like
to call amount as as important now
Nora res Waleed Hamid Muslim American
immigrant from Sacramento
so my condolences to the family and much
respect to Walid who was at least in
activity a great American alright let's
talk about something else
have you noticed already that the that
the some of the social media entities
may be getting ready for the election
so I was alerted to this by one of my
followers who may be watching this right
now I'm not going to call you out
because I don't know if he wants
anonymity or not
but one of I was deemed and somebody
said somebody who should remain
anonymous for now that he was googling
Mike Sunnah bitch's name because it's
easier to go directly to his Twitter
feed if you just you know type in his
you know at certain and you said
that the Google result one of the top
results was from the Southern Poverty
Law Center and I thought to myself and I
think that's kind of new at least in
terms of he hadn't noticed it before so
the suggestion was that Google is
ramping up for the election by you know
maybe you know the the let's say the
allegation or suspicion because that's
as far as we can go it's an allegation
and the suspicion is that there might be
some prepping for the election by
changing the search results now I'm on
duck go for my primary search engine so
I searched Mike Serna and all I
came up with as positive part of the
things
like his you know came up with his
Twitter came up with you know things he
tweeted his Instagram basically just
positive objective links to things mics
or image and then I oh go that I think
club then I go over to Google put in
exactly the same search term and number
two on the list I think maybe under the
Wikipedia link or something which which
is sort of an automatic first number two
is the Southern Poverty Law Center
hippies on Mike and I thought to myself
wait a minute isn't the Southern Poverty
Law Center supposed to be like
identifying like hate crimes what do you
call it what are they looking for
basically racists and haters and of all
kinds I thought to myself what do they
know that I don't know so I thought well
I better read this the first thing I
noticed is that I thought the Southern
Poverty Law Center was supposed to be
some kind of objective arbiter of you
know who's crossed the line into into
hate so that the other platforms can
know who the haters are and maybe plot
them and the first thing you notice is
that it's written like a BuzzFeed
hippies I'm reading the thing and I'm
thinking why would you write it like a
BuzzFeed article where you just throw in
insults to a person instead of just
saying the facts why can't they just
list the facts without listening their
opinion of the guy like we don't care
about their opinion what will will form
our own opinions right so the first
thing is that the Southern Poverty Law
Center sort of signals their complete
lack of credibility by writing an
article that to me just look like it
could a cabana you know slate or
BuzzFeed or something I mean just look
it was actually funny that it was so
ridiculously personal but then I thought
okay what are these accusations so they
make accusations that he's he's you said
anti-woman stuff and he said
racially-charged things and then I
thought okay let's read their argument
you know What did he say
and it does that is it backed up by
their claims and I would read the claim
and then I would read their argument to
support the claim and it debunked the
claims and I thought what am I seeing
here because they rather than repeat the
claims because I don't want to give them
any extra energy I will use an analogy
to say what I was reading so I'd be
reading something that would say
something like you know and I'm just
making this one up right so I'm going to
speak just as an analogy so I don't talk
about their actual stupid article it
would say stuff like and Mike Serna
 is five feet tall and he's also
seven feet tall I'm like wait what can't
both be true so my point is that their
article would make claims about him and
then when they supported their claims
all of their evidence was the opposite
it was counterfactuals you know it was
things that he's done completely on the
opposite side of their own argument and
when I was done at the very end it
starts talking about how you know even
in their own opinion he's done some
positive things and I'm thinking well
you could have put that first because
the things that are positive are also
the most current if you're gonna write
an article about somebody who's in the
news would you not start by saying who
they are now and then maybe if you
wanted to give some context you might
tell us who they used to be right but if
you start an article with who they used
to be and then way way down the article
you mentioned who they are now which is
a more positive picture you just
 alright sorry I apparently I'm
not going to make you through 2020
without what was wearing some more it
was just sort of a dick move this is
what I'm saying because the order that
you present things is how people receive
them and I don't think there's anything
less fair
than to start with who somebody used to
be and then end with a weak statement of
who they are now which is pretty good
that's messed up
all right so the southern southern part
of the Poverty Law Center has some
explaining to do there all right did you
see the story about a North Carolina
church so there was a guy on meth who
they found out later had I guess done
some violence domestic violence but he
was trying to force him way his self
into a church he was acting sketchy so
that church members had their own
security and he tried to force his way
in and the church members beat the snot
out of him if you saw the the picture of
his I guess his mug shot he's got like
bandages all over and he's all solar and
black eyes I mean he's just completely
messed up and so the weird thing that's
happened is that I'd be afraid to go to
church these days because I think church
has become the most violent place in
America it just feels like a dangerous
place to be like I definitely wouldn't
go to churches listen I was packing
that's for sure don't go to church
without packing pack your heat here's an
interesting question I've been sort of
half following the Australia fire
situation you know apparently half of
Australia is on fire and I'm seeing I've
seen this weird situation and I guess
the reason I wasn't talking about is
there was something I didn't understand
Oh somebody says that stupid Scott you
are deleted for not giving a reason
remember the rules the rules are if you
say you're dumb or you're stupid but you
don't give a reason you're deleted you
can give a reason how many of you seen
that I am completely open to opposing
reasons but you're stupid Scott that's a
block
so let's talk about these Australian
fires so the public is angry some part
of the public is angry because they
blame the government for not doing
enough about climate change because they
believe that climate change is a major
or even the major contributor to have
bad the fires are now of course this is
complicated by the fact that apparently
200 to the fires or something like that
were set by arsons arsonists 187 arson
arrests so there 8 187 arrests but there
are even more arsons right 200 plus
arsons what the hell is happening in
Australia that their own citizens are
burning up the country so that's a
separate question but I think the
critics are accurately saying that's not
the only problem because even with this
many arsons it wouldn't be this bad they
say you suffer all the dry brush which
they attribute in part to climate change
and their government not doing enough
about it here's my question what the
hell are they talking about what if if
you could imagine that Australia
tomorrow stopped using every form of
carbon how much difference would that
make
to Australia's wildfire situation I
think the answer according to scientists
would be none am i can somebody fact
check me on that because my
understanding is that Australia is not
one of the big contributors to climate
change China is the u.s. is I'm just
because of size alone not because of
percentage of of pollutants for a person
or anything
India is but is Australia is Australia
one of the big contributors to climate
change and if they did absolutely
everything that you could do would it
have made any difference because it
feels like the entire conversation is
stupid people yappin to each other is
there any
person in Australia could anybody I know
one said so Sebastian if you if you
watch this I know at least one company
one startup full of smart people in
Australia I don't know a lot of
Australians but if I were to judge only
from the news coverage I would have to
conclude that they're all stupid they're
not all stupid obviously but the news is
making it look that way is there nobody
on the news in Australia who can sort
out the fact that even if Australia did
everything you could possibly do it
wouldn't made any difference to the
forest fires which is not a reason to
ignore climate change I'm not arguing
that they should you know that's a
separate question I'm just saying it
wouldn't make any difference so they're
all arguing the wrong stuff in fact
check me please can somebody fact check
that because I think I'm losing my mind
if it's if it's so obvious to me and I'm
an idiot I hope I'm wrong I mean
honestly I hope I'm wrong
because I'd hate to think there's a
whole you know continent or a whole
bunch of people who couldn't figure that
out on their own let me tell you who the
dumbest people are in the iran debate
you ready this is how you can tell who
the dumbest people are they're still
arguing over whether or not the solid
money's next attacks were imminent
because the government said they were
hey there was a tax or imminent so we
had to take him out now the dumbest
people are the ones arguing that point
about whether it was imminent why
because it's irrelevant it's where they
want to spend all their time arguing and
it's completely irrelevant it's just as
irrelevant as what australian government
does about climate change because
they're too small to make any difference
whatsoever it is irrelevant whether it
was imminent because he had created a
track record which gives you a
rock-solid guarantee that there would be
more of it or or you have the reason to
believe that would be more of it do you
really need Intel to tell you there'd be
more of it watch this I'm going
do some brain brain some mind-reading
brain reading here I will appear into
the future um terrorists who have been
being terrorists for twenty years
straight and have been especially active
in recent weeks will they or will they
not do more attacks hmm let me peer into
the future I see yes
amazing right top that that's some
next-level futuristic predictions right
there if he's been doing it for twenty
years every single day maybe he'll do it
again
there's some chance he might do it again
or I suppose that's the day he was gonna
retire what if we bombed him what if we
what if we killed him on the same day he
was going to announce his retirement
well maybe it's possible anything's
possible I mean what are the odds that a
Ukraine they're alive got shot down
anything's possible but I think we were
pretty safe in our assumption that 20
years of unbroken record of being that
guy wasn't wasn't likely he was gonna be
not that guy on you know Wednesday
morning next week yeah top shelf mind
reading I do the best mind reading all
right I would like to give a commercial
for some of YouTube's competitors
because they continue to demonetized me
on YouTube where these periscopes get
uploaded after they're done have you
heard a bit shoot bi t CH ute
shoot is a competitor to YouTube and
I'll just mention them you can do your
own research the other one I mentioned
was rock fin ROK FIM and there's
something called I don't know how you
pronounce that
ly BR Lieber dot TV so they haven't
TV Extension I think there's another one
I'll find out
but Oh Vimeo yeah Vimeo is another
option where you can charge for your
content
apparently so
ly be ours library is that what it's
called why not watch later on periscope
somebody asked you can you could watch
it later on periscope if you like so I
just give options it's good so I'm gonna
try to spread my reach this year so as
long as YouTube is de monetizing me I'm
going to give a commercial every day for
their competitors if their competitors
ever get big enough well then we'll have
some options so it's Liberty now library
okay
library TV is called
okay lb or a while TV sorry if I get all
that wrong yes I did talk about Krugman
I won't do that again
Spotify what about Spotify please check
on floatplane what's a floatplane are
you on shoot not yet I'll be
looking into it any other questions
Vimeo doesn't monetize somebody says I
think you can you can put up a paywall
of your own I think you can charge for
your content and video but I'm not the
expert on that oh and I also these also
get turned into iTunes podcasts and
guess what the this this content when it
gets turned into a podcast actually
reached the top hundred of iTunes
podcasts think about how many podcasts
are and this actually made it into the
top
the last thing I saw was 1:22 because it
bounces around a little bit but it
actually cracked the top on grid for a
week there's somebody who wants to get
blocked you got it
can I upload my periscope as a Spotify
podcast well I didn't know that there
was such a thing as a Spotify podcast so
I'd have to look into that might be
harder than you think because the way we
upload it to iTunes is automated if they
don't have an automated way to do it
it's a little harder all right we're on
iTunes just google my name just Google
Scott Adams or coffee with Scott Adams
on iTunes and you will find me just like
that Kathy Griffin versus Sandman
lawsuit why is he suing Kathy Griffin do
you remember my reaction to the
Covington kids which seems smarter today
when the Covington kids the hoax videos
the first came out I was also taken by
the hoax because I thought I would
believe what I would say of my own eyes
but now we're all getting a little
smarter I think we've all really grown
up even since the Covington kids that
was just last year right we've all kind
of grown or less last year year before
but we've all kind of grown up and we
know that even if we're looking at it on
video it doesn't really mean anything
does the video could be misleading so as
soon as I saw the corrected video they
show the whole context I realize I had
had and I immediately clarified and
apologized with no ambiguity clarify
apologize amount now am I getting sued
is anybody suing me no because I just
made a mistake I was taken in by a hoax
being taken in by a hoax it doesn't get
you sued if you handle it right how
often have I told you that it's better
to judge people by how they handle their
mistakes than by the mistakes so those
of you were saying Scott Scott you made
mistake you made a mistake I did you're
free to judge me by my mistakes but I
think that would be bad bad system on
your part a better system is to judge
people by how they handle the mistakes
because everybody makes mistakes but not
everybody handles them in a way that you
can respect I handled my mistake
I said public big mistake clarify
apologize unambiguous no no there's no
qualifiers on there except the obvious
qualifier that the everybody got taken
in by the original hoax video not
everybody there were some people who
were smarter than me who said that's a
hoax video from the very from the jump
you know that some people were on it
they sniffed it out so credit to them
they saw what I did so mine was just a
mistake does anybody like me less
because I made that mistake or any other
mistake probably not as long as you
handle your mistake well you're you come
out ahead you don't even come out behind
you no I told you the story about the
app go trashy whoo I had a bad
experience with them but their customer
service was so good and they made it
right so well that I actually did a
commercial for him so you should use
that app because in that rare case where
that something went wrong boy did they
fix it they fixed it perfectly so I'd
have to say that how you handle the
mistake is the standard for judging
people and I leave you with that that's
all I have for now I will talk to you
later