my God this is the best book I've ever
seen in my entire life I wish other
people could read it oh they can all
they have to do is go to Amazon and
order it the best book you'll ever read
if your father doesn't have one for
Father's Day well maybe you don't love
him
enough it's the number one book in
religion should
be all right ladies and gentlemen we're
going to have some fun here in a
minute there we go looks like
everybody's
here that means it's time to start the
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams
if you'd like to take this up to levels
that nobody can even understand what
there smooth tiny human brains all you
need is a CER micro glass a tanker chel
or din a canteen Jugger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the UN parallel pleasure of the dopamine
here the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens now
go well I don't want to get you too
excited about how good today is going to
be but it's really going to be
good if you watch the pre-show which
you'd have to be a subscriber on the
locals Community you would know that
every morning I make three 15t butts on
my indoor putting green yes I have a
room that's just a putting
green used to have something else in
there but I didn't want it in there so I
put it in a putting grein indoor putting
grein
and uh I take a 15t putt three times in
the morning on camera and uh roughly
from that distance I can make one and
five on a good day so if I make three in
a row five Time 5 * one in one in
125 I drained all three today three and
a
three and uh that indicates an
incredible day ahead not just for me for
all of you yes I did it for all of
you well if you're reading dilbur reborn
which is a
subscription um thing only on uh only on
X or on the Scott adams. locals
Community you know that they've hired an
elbonian engineer because they've got D
targets the elbonian engineer is uh Le
headless he has no head but you'll see
how that goes the Headless elbonian
hired for Dei reasons in Dilbert there's
a new study that says
uh uh patients in the hospital might not
need to use a ventilator because they're
developing new technologies where you
can breathe through your
ass I'm not making that up apparently
you can breathe through your ass if they
introduce the oxygen in just the right
way so there's a chemical you know like
a liquid oxygenated liquid that can
shove up your ass and uh some of it
absorbs into your uh your body you know
and this raises a question that I think
we've all been asking you which
is is there anything your ass can't
do I mean it's doing a lot of work and
now it's going to have to breathe for
you too well I've been talking through
my ass forever so it can't be that much
harder to inhale as well so uh that's
that's what's happening now uh of course
you may want to tie this together with
some other stories and you might say to
yourself was President Biden
taking a dump on that stage in France or
was he trying to say something it looks
the same
apparently all right uh China is going
to uh putting these floating nuclear
power stations in the South China Sea
which they're trying to dominate that's
a pretty good idea I gotta say China
keeps doing smart things for China you
know you don't have to love it but
they're really clever about playing the
long term you know their their long-term
game is Just unbeatable and it's so
smart to put energy production where
they want to dominate you know because
whoever has the most assets there is
going to become the de facto controller
it looks like that's going to be China I
don't I don't see anything stopping
them in uh in my
book some of you haven't gotten yet
there's a part there where uh countries
create battle platforms so bigger than a
b bigger than a you know Battleship but
like a giant platform with with a energy
beam uh devices to knock things out of
the sky that's what's coming I think
China is going to build big floating
platforms that are just purely military
that's my
prediction all right
uh I think the UFO whistleblowers are
coming close to confirming that we live
in a
simulation but here are some of the
things we know
uh I may have mentioned this before Bob
Lazar UFO whistleblower said that
there's some big religious document that
has something to do with the
UFOs and if you're wondering why would
there be a religious document and that
what does that have to do with UFOs and
maybe it's the reason that the public
can't be informed about whatever is
going on but uh Lazaro said that uh he
doesn't know the details but the aliens
believe that we're vessels for something
so you might say Souls well maybe but do
you know what else is a vessel for
somebody else a game Avatar if you're a
gamer and you're controlling a little uh
creature that's
you the creature is acting like a person
but it's inhabited by you while you're
playing the
game I think this is my prediction that
whatever this UFO phenomenon is uh we're
we're getting more hints than it might
not be from other
planets now the I think the Tucker
Carlson view is that it's you know
Angels and
Demons uh which is one interpretation I
think the more obvious one is that we're
a simulation and that the things
visiting us are the game players from
the other dimension the other dimension
mean meaning the people who are actually
with a game controller in their hand
controlling the game and that they have
a way to visit our world to see
different views and one of them is to
create a fake
spaceship so that within the game which
is our simulation they could be a player
but they could also be in a
spaceship and and that's what we're
seeing so that the reason that the
government has this on their top top top
top secret is not because we're
collecting things and and reverse
engineering them I don't think think
we're reversing reverse engineering
anything I think we found out we're a
simulation and the government doesn't
want to tell you because it would be
chaos but I do think they're preparing
you for it watch how many ways we seem
to be prepared for it does it does it
strike you as interesting that Elan musk
has been saying we're a simulation for a
while now so it didn't come from the
government so you didn't have to take it
seriously it's not like we discovered
anything Elon is just giving you the
logic of it that's most likely we're a
simulation I feel
like that's preparing us I feel like
we're getting prepped for something big
maybe so here's my prediction my
prediction is if we ever find out what
this UFO phenomenon is we will
simultaneously learn is not from other
planets it's from whoever is controlling
our simulation it will be our actual
creators that's right
within a year there's actual possibility
we will meet our creators and it will be
us that's a
possibility let's talk about Apple Apple
made its big announcement that involves
Ai and it's funny the the first wave of
information I got made me laugh because
I introduced a calculator on the iPad
which makes me think Steve Jobs would be
so proud that they put a calculator on
an iPad no he wouldn't he wouldn't be
impressed at all but they also had a
thing where you can schedule when your
texts arrive again Steve Jobs not
impressed if you were around and it can
also record phone calls but but it tells
the person they're being
recorded so these are very small things
but then I found out it also has a suite
of AI stuff I can do so I went from huh
I'm glad I sold my Apple stock because
it looks like there's nothing
here all the way to oh boy do I want to
upgrade my phone
badly so here's what I think I
understand about the Apple AI
announcement so there will be two forms
and this will be the thing everybody
gets wrong U and I might have it wrong
too but I believe there's two separate
AIS one of them is on the phone and it
lives on the phone and it doesn't have
to go to the cloud to do things and it's
basically like a better Siri that can do
more things than Siri could but more
importantly it can understand you for
the first time do you know how many
times it takes you to tell your phone
just tell me what the weather is or what
time it is takes like three tries but if
you use AI it pretty much understands
everything every time so an upgrade to
Siri just that it would understand what
you're saying for the first time would
be amazing but I was looking at a list
by zanen Khan
who tells us all the things the new
phone will do listen to just some of the
oh just to complete the picture so
there'll be a local AI that's called
Apple
intelligence that part isn't going to be
talking to anything they say so you you
wouldn't have to worry about privacy or
anything because it just stays on your
phone they say right I'm not I'm not
warranting that any of this is true I'm
I'm just saying that's my understanding
but on top of that if you to ask uh if
you were to ask the phone for some
information that wasn't on the phone
such as go find out something from the
internet it would activate chat
GPT so chat gbt is like a an app that
works when called on versus the the more
integrated into the OS part which is
Apple's own AI now when you hear that do
you say to yourself well that sounds
safe there's no way they're going to get
my private information that way well
when you put AI in the mix you really
don't know what it can get or what is
doing or what it's keeping or what is
sending the headquarters back at
Microsoft you really don't know so Elon
Musk had said that uh if his current
understanding of the of what Apple's
doing is true that he would ban its use
on X and ban it within his companies
because it'd be too dangerous for your
privacy
now I think the way this is going to um
come out is that Apple's going to make a
case for why your concerns are
overblown but people aren't going to
believe it you know every Everything has
a credibility problem now so even if
they make a really good case that
they've done everything they can to
protect your privacy as long as AI is
part of the mix it just feels like the
AI can find out figure out a way around
whatever reels they put on it um so that
might be an irrational concern but
certainly people would have it but
listen to all the things they can
do um this is from Zane
con and uh
onx all right so you can ask ask a
things it'll go to chat GPT but you can
also ask it questions about your
documents and you can describe things
without knowing the name so you can talk
to your phone and you can say stuff like
show me the photo
um the one I took in Hawaii that was by
the tree it'll just pop up so you just
talk to your phone and it can find stuff
and do things like a person could if a
person had all knowledge about what was
in your
phone it can create images and text just
on command it can uh answer questions
about all your files uh it can tell you
what your phone can and cannot
do um you can ask it for things like
show me the document I sent to you know
Joshua last week which is a real thing I
actually wanted to do yesterday so
yesterday I was like God I wish I could
remember the name of that document I
sent to
Joshua I all I had to do was say what's
the name of that document I sent to
Joshua show me that and it would just
show it to me uh you can play a podcast
your friend recommended it can find
photos with people in it well you could
kind of do that before
um it can autofill forms from your Li so
you can say stuff like uh look at my
driver's license in the photos and take
the data from my driver's license and
fill out this
form can actually do that on the other
hand it means that your driver's license
information is on your phone and uh do
you feel comfortable with that all right
it can proofread things it can clean up
IM it can change images so you can say
show me the photograph of me standing
with my X but get rid of my ex and it'll
do it this is crazy crazy stuff all
right what else going to do it can
generate emojis uh that didn't exist so
you can say give me an emoji that's a
person spitting or something I guess you
can just make it all right but uh nobody
yet has figured out uh the Calamity that
this is going to cause this is sort of
an end of civilization
uh technology and I haven't heard
anybody say why you
ready it's going to make everybody talk
to their
phone because I believe you can use all
these features by texting it you know
just typing in what you wanted to like
find me the photo or whatever you could
just type it
in but people aren't going to if if you
can talk to it and it and it understands
you perfectly you're not going to type
anything
why would you everybody's going to be
talking to their
phone
everybody the the other day I was taking
a walk in the park with Snickers and
there aren't too many people who were in
that same park at the same time you know
maybe three in the whole park but when
they got near me I became very conscious
that I happened to be having a
conversation with chat GPT I was working
something out with the AI and I thought
to myself oh I don't want to be talking
out
loud to my phone you know like a phone
call when somebody's just trying to take
a nice walk in the park so I was like
trying to whisper to it it's like hey
hey man this is what I want and I was
completely
aware that you know I might be on the
more polite side of the spectrum at
least I try to
be but I'm rare most people are just
going to have a flat out conversation
with their phone everywhere they are
they're going to be sitting in
restaurants talking to their
phone every public place will be people
talking to their phone
everywhere now I don't think anybody
mentioned
that that that's like literally an end
of civilization problem you
wouldn't be able to go anywhere without
hearing it we're talking Locust all the
time problem it would be like the you
know it' be like the ciras were all year
every every year everywhere it would
just be audio pollution like you can't
believe now it could be wrong it could
be that people just adjust to the new
technology and it's no big deal but it
sure looks like it's going to be
everybody talking all the time
everywhere because it's so good it's so
useful
anyway um so I saw a
uh I saw the community notes
factchecking Elon Musk which I love more
than anything in the world you know let
me tell you it if you want credibility
in your
platform be the owner of the platform
say something on the platform and have
your own platform fact check you in real
time now that's
credible that you you can so put up with
well maybe you got this one wrong I
don't know if he did he might I think
you might be right about this musk but
you can really put up with people making
a mistake if they do
so long as they're showing their work
not only just showing it but having it
automated not automated But A system
that would completely fact check you the
moment you get out of bounds that is so
good like that that's one of the most
hopeful things you'll ever see about the
world is seeing Elon Musk fact checked
by
X so what it did was it said uh you said
the Assumption so Elon said that Chad
GPT could maybe get your private stuff
and the fact check was the Assumption
made here misrepresents what was
actually announced um blah blah blah
blah uh you control when chat GPT is
used and you know I guess the idea is
it's not built into the operating system
now I don't know if any of that's true
uh you should see everything about this
announcement as the fog of War I would
just assume everything that you think is
true just hold off a little bit on that
we're we're not really knowing what
we're seeing this is almost like a life
form
has been formed and we don't really know
what this is for yet Spotify is
apparently gearing up to do massive
censorship of people they don't like on
politics oh I guess who wonder who that
will be will it be the left or will it
be the right huh I wonder who they're
going to suppress during the political
season all right we all know um so
apparently they're saying it out loud
that they're going to they're going to
censor but what they say they're
censoring of course is you know all the
bad stuff oh it's it's a good thing we
have these good people at Spotify who
are going to censor all the bad wrong
information no I just assume it's like
every other sensor they're just going to
say that whatever the other team says is
a lie and whatever their idiots say is
true and then they'll censor you
accordingly um now I have a question is
is it is my belief
unsubstantiated that Spotify has been
suppressing
me and uh that you know I have a cap
there same as YouTube so I I have the
same odor of there's something going on
here at Spotify as I do with YouTube
which I don't have with Rumble so Rumble
traffic just grows as I become more you
see more uh let's say known on Rumble
that's the normal way it should
go how could it possibly cap on a
service as you like a billion users and
it caps at some like little level I
don't even think that's
possible so I don't trust them other
people not to trust Kyle bass was
talking about on X I guess the economist
that's a publication they confirmed
everyone's suspicion Elon Musk said this
as well and everybody who's in the book
business already knew this that the best
seller list that the New York Times has
is not real meaning that humans decide
what's on the list now it is you know
they're not going to ignore the actual
sales numbers but they don't they're not
slavishly devoted to the sales numbers
they just pretend they are and they get
to pick the winners and the losers and I
experienced that in real time with my
first number one bestseller that was
selling more than any book in the
country for
weeks before it became a number one
bestseller so they they were putting
another book in front of mine for
whatever reason I don't know whatever
what reason it was but it definitely
wasn't based on sales because the
Publishers can see the sales the
Publishers know what the number one book
is and then they look at the New York
Times and it doesn't match and that's
been true
forever all right
um and then the
concern the concern of course is that
the conservative leaning books are the
ones that they're keeping off the list I
would say that that's a matter of
obvious and I don't think the economist
needed to study that put this in the
category of you could have just asked
me yeah just ask me once you know that
the New York Times list is curated by
humans it's not just sales then you
already know that they're going to pull
out the books that they don't like and
they're going to be conservative so you
didn't really have to study that that
was kind of obvious from the
setup um I would go further on this
story and say that uh I think I think
this is true
that for a long time um Publishers and
also authors we kind of look at the
Amazon numbers for what's real because
Amazon you know is is big enough uh big
enough a proportion of total sales it's
like 85% of Book Sales I think uh if you
look at that and you're number one on
that you're number one right yeah there
there's no way around that because
Amazon just shows what people actually
bought I don't believe that they mess
with those numbers I've never seen any
indication of that so Amazon is the real
number but being on the New York Times
list can get you more publicity so the
New York Times list should be seen as
free publicity from The New York Times
it's not a list of who sold the most
books or what the best books are we have
uh indication that Optimus the robot
coming from Tesla someday not right away
uh is going to be 20 to $30,000 in cost
but I would like to know the operating
costs because it seems to me that
recharging your robot every day is going
to
be really expensive and it seems to me
you're going to need a maintenance plan
because if your robot breaks you're
going to need somebody there right away
so these are expensive robots but I also
say if you could get a
robot let's say you could get a robot
that cost you 25,000 to buy
let's say it cost you $5,000 a year for
extra energy and for a maintenance
contract do you think you could buy it
and then rent it out to uh companies
that want an extra worker I feel like
that's going to be a thing I feel like
ownership of of a fleet of robots that
people can rent out as they need them is
going to be the thing now if you live in
a town like I do if you go down to the
home Home Depot store there'll be a
bunch of uh immigrants or migrants
standing on the corner asking for day
work you could just drive up in your car
do do you have this in other states I
think a few states have it where it's so
well organized that you just drive up to
the curb and you say uh I've got some
Landscaping I need to dig a trench and
you just point to two people and say get
in the car and then you take them to
your house and they dig your trench and
you pay them and believe it or not so by
the way this this is one of the reasons
that I'm more Pro migrant uh and
pro-immigrant than a lot of you the
California experience is not like others
imagine if you will Ju Just hold this in
your head that completely unvetted
migrants standing on a corner and it's
not uncommon for a soccer mom to pull up
and say hey you two get in the car uh I
got a good work for you today now the
truth is it's usually not the woman but
it does happen it actually does happen
it's usually the man who does the hiring
you know for safety reasons but just
think about the fact that this has been
going on for as long as I've lived in
California and do you know how many
problems I've heard where it didn't work
out none it totally works that the
people coming in from Mexico on average
are so Law Abiding and so interested in
just working and you know taking care of
business
they just show up they work hard all day
they take their money which isn't that
much and and then they leave they don't
sue you they don't give you trouble they
just dig that trench take the money and
go home so you know I'm very Pro um
Hispanic immigrants because I live in a
world where they add so much you know to
the lifestyle here and ask very little
in return they they just want to you
know a chance to be part of the system
basically
so I get it you know you can't have
uncont you can't have uncontrolled
immigration I get that we have too many
you know you don't have to convince me
to close the border but if you wondered
why I'm sort of
emotionally on their team it's because
they're awesome people that's the whole
reason the the Hispanic South of the
Border people are just a really good
class of people and I love having them
around but we do have to close the
border and we have to be tight there's
no that that's just a separate question
well it's the pandering season Biden
says he wants to ban medical debt from
your credit reports Trump says he wants
to uh cancel federal taxes on um service
workers tips Biden's trying to cancel uh
debt on uh on student loans so it's sort
of smart and sick and terrible at the
same time I thought Trump's play was
pretty good because there are so many
service
workers so many service workers that
that probably sounds pretty good you
know if if you're buying power went down
by 25% lately that would look pretty
attractive so it's a good offer but all
it's all pandering and buying
votes CNN had a bit on home ownership
home ownership costs are up 26% since
2020 uh now that's on
CNN so CNN is making it very clear that
under Biden's watch you just got abused
financially so again I'm going to call
out CNN's uh finding the middle when was
the last time I I did a look at these
CNN hosts being crazy it's been a while
but I've been doing MSNBC being crazy
almost every day I mean they're just
terrible at this point but CNN
legitimately looks like they're heading
toward the middle I'm going to give them
credit I saw um David Sachs was on Jesse
Waters and Jesse asked him uh if the
Silicon Valley people are moving toward
Trump and uh saxs gave a few reasons
that at least some number of them are
that uh California is getting regulated
too much they don't like that the
business is regulated uh commo is in
charge of AI they're not not big on AI
uh well not everybody not everybody is
big on AI regulations
because as other people have pointed out
if you regulate too hard in the
beginning you just give your opponents
let's say China a big Advantage if
they're less regulated uh but you can
kind of figure out the regulations as
the industry evolves now others would
say well that would work in every case
except AI because if it gets on of hand
you can't put it back in the bottle but
I'm on the I'm on the page that AI will
be less of a risk than people imagine
and that uh we can let it run a little
bit before we decide if something just
absolutely has to be um
regulated and I guess uh bind is for
crypto regulations and uh I guess there
have been regulations against mergers
and Acquisitions so basically the
business environment under Biden and
especially in California not so
good so that probably moves a lot of
people but I'm going to double down on
this and say that there are no smart
people anymore who favor Biden for
president unless they have an obvious
case of
TDS so let let me give you the examples
Stephen King obvious TDS doesn't count
but probably very smart uh Rob Riner
probably very smart in his you know his
work life and otherwise but yeah he's
got TDS um so the the actors and the the
crazy people I'm not counting them
but 100% of the people who are
not partisans or crazy are now in favor
of trump all right so saak is in that
category Elon Musk is in that category
um Bill Amman is in that category a lot
of the VCS are just looking at what
works the people who look at what works
first versus what party is saying it
they're all on Trump's side
now all of them it's only the people who
can't get out of the two sides I'm on
this side you're the enemy mode the TDS
people so Joe Rogan went super hard on
the Biden regime about the lawfare and
the corruption and the Banana Republic
and stuff what does Joe
Rogan have in common with Elon Musk
Sachs Bill
akman they're all people who can take
whatever side makes sense they're not
obligated to vote one way or support one
way everybody who's able has gone Trump
now I keep saying it because I'm waiting
for somebody to say what about this
exception there's always somebody's
going to say there's an exception right
and there isn't there's actually no
exception at least I haven't seen one
show me somebody who's
smart capable of seeing things on both
sides has no
TDS and thinks Biden is a good
choice I don't think that person exists
and it's a gigantic story that
apparently I'm the only person that
wants to talk
about anyway there's a CBS host who uh
was finding out in real time on the show
that 62% of registered voters support
deporting all illegal
immigrants 62% of the country is in
favor of deporting all illegal
immigrants that's I think that's the
highest that's ever been by
far now of course that's nearly you know
100 it's pretty much all Republicans but
that doesn't get you to
62% so it must be all Republicans plus
30 to 50% of Democrats are willing to
ship every single non-citizen back
home that's pretty
extreme I I'm shocked by that I have to
admit I did not see this coming I would
have said if I had to guess I would have
said 40% would be in favor of it you
know something closer to Trump voter
numbers but
62% want to ship back every single one
25 million people now I don't think any
of that's
practical but man the mood of the
country is very
distinct let's just say it's getting
very clear to feel what the country
feels can't miss it at this point well
there's a hilarious video of Joe Biden
in I don't know if it was some KL Harris
barbecue or something but he standing
there trying to dance to some music but
uh everybody else was swaying with the
music but he went into statue
mode so I'd like to give you the
impression of uh the the black people
who were there it was looked like 98% uh
black people that there except for Joe
Biden and the first
husband and uh the black people were
listening to the music and they were
doing some version of moving with the
music and what I would consider a an
attractive and normal way I don't think
I can do an impression of it I started
saying that but you know just smiling
just moving with the music looking
natural looking like everything's good
and then you look at the first husband
Doug IM off and I swear to God he's
playing a tune from the Eagles in his
head and he's getting ready to break out
the a guitar he's he's he's got the
white guy
face I'm doing it if you're listening on
Spotify before they suppress me yeah and
and I'm saying no Doug Doug don't do it
I swear I can see his fingers ready to
form an air guitar it's
like and I was
like Doug you're representing all white
people and their dancing ability right
now don't embarrass us
dug but he did he did hold off on the
air guitar just long enough I thought he
was going to try to impress the bearded
woman next to
him yes there was a bearded woman in a
very nice dress next to him and uh but
the funny thing is that Biden was uh
doing his dementia Frozen thing um I
understand there's a thing called
dementia Frozen face have you ever heard
of that it might be using the wrong name
but it's where you know when your
dimensiona is hitting your hard your
face turns into like a solid mask with
no Impressions and we see Biden do that
but his whole body
freezes so everybody there is like
swaying with the music and Biden is
literally like like you couldn't even
detect that it wasn't a
statue now I don't know how you if you
understand how dangerous that
is he was in the backyard full of
demograph
and he was pretending to be a racist
statue of a
president it was very close to somebody
trying to topple him and tear him down
and replace him in protest so yeah never
look like a racist statue of a president
if you're in a juneth celebration that's
what I
say well uh Steve Bannon wants some
Vengeance he looks like he's going to go
to jail and uh the worst case scenario
for the Democrats is Steve Bannon saying
put me in jail and then going for it' be
a few months I guess
because he's not going to come out with
softer he's going to come out with some
tattoos and ready to
kill so Bon is saying that a whole bunch
of people are going to jail like you
know comr and Clapper and Brennan and I
think he mentioned some others so he's
he's mentioning names he's saying yeah
they all know they broke the law that's
why they're so panicked because if Trump
wins they know they go to jail for real
reasons not for any trumped up reasons
but for actual real overthrow the
government kinds of reasons treason and
I would agree with that I think that the
crimes are obvious and uh that is
probably why they're so panicked now AOC
was worried that if Trump gets elected
that she could be put in jail to which I
say has anybody even accused AOC of a
crime I'm not aware of any crime she did
I'm not in favor of putting AOC in jail
AOC Cas you
listening yeah if if a trump
Administration tried to put you in jail
for charges that I thought were as bogus
as the things against Trump I would be
on your side I will totally take your
side AOC I promise really I will take
your side and try to get you out if
anybody tried to put you in jail for a
non crime now if there's a real crime
that's a different story but for a
non-crime no let me be as clear as
possible the Republicans don't want to
put you in jail for a non crime nobody
wants that that's your team that's
projection the the Democrats have
created a situation where they say well
if they're all Nazis and Hiller we don't
need a real crime we just need to put
them away no that's not happening on the
other side I I don't know anybody who's
a Republican or a conservative who says
well I'm sure they've done something bad
so let's find anything and put them in
jail never not once it's just not
something that happens on the political
right the political right is entirely
formed around the
Constitution that would be so far off
their their basic DNA to do something
non-constitutional to get even with the
other side
no no the the entire Conservative
Republican
uh philosophy character everything
that's important says don't do that
that's rule number
one do the Democrats not even understand
that the right part of the political
world is constitutionally driven and
that violating it so you could get get
back at an enemy is what we don't
want that's what the right doesn't want
they don't do it it's what they're
trying to stop
so no there's no chance of that but I
would say that the people that Bannon
noted it seems to me have done horrible
horrible crimes against the country and
I think they're largely obvious so if uh
if the legal system went hard on them
and by the way what do you see in common
with these
names some banon names Comey Brennan
Clapper
what do they have in common bunch of
white
guys
yeah yeah here's another thing that
uh Republicans will do they will police
their own you know whether it's a white
guy or anybody else but the Republicans
will police their own a little bit
that's not something you see on the
other
side all right um and I'm going to say
again other people have said it that the
choice of Attorney General if Trump gets
in the choice of Attorney General will
be the most important thing he does
everything else will be subsidiary to
that I agree with that and I'm coming to
the
view that bill bar was
a a
Handler meaning that he was pro-
Republican pro-conservative but he
wasn't so pro-republican and so
pro-conservative that he was going to
let the the full populist energy do what
it wanted to do
so I do think that you know certainly
around the time he was saying stop
questioning the election and stuff like
that he was operating more as a Handler
of trump than an
appointee so I feel like he had sort of
a double objective there he was you know
genuinely a
conservative but that he was a
conservative who didn't want a full
trumpy experience in his country that's
what it felt like so no he was in
retrospect he well he would be the wrong
person if you were to choose today
that's for sure but
uh I I don't know if there if the left
knows how many people have been caught
in lies and crimes anyway Tucker Carlson
calls the January 6 thing a hoax most
corrupt thing he's ever seen and I'm not
sure if everybody was saying it so
clearly um two years
ago I think that the fact that credible
people are saying oh yeah it was a total
setup in hoax and is uh people
just feeling comfortable with the truth
for the for
once um and I guess we should talk about
Nancy Pelosi got caught on the hot
mic uh not on a hot mic sorry on a video
that was taken on January 6th by I think
her daughter who was doing a documentary
and she was in the car and it seemed to
show her maybe leaving the event uh the
leaving the protest and she was very
upset and complaining to whoever he was
talking about that she had failed
because it was her responsibility to
protect the capital and she hadn't done
it so I would say that based on what we
learned from that I would personally you
your mileage might differ but I would
say we can eliminate the hypothesis that
she set it up to have somebody attack
herself I don't think anybody runs an OP
that involves the possibility that you
will be killed when you can do it
without that possibility so I don't
think she was a set up I think that she
took advantage of the fact that knowing
it was her problem because she said
directly that she was taking
responsibility for the lapse in
security but having said that I think
she was just um figured out a way to
make it right and the way to make it
right was to
blame to blame Trump Trump for forming
an Insurrection so she had to reframe it
with all of her other bad people um so
it looked like an Insurrection when
clearly it wasn't
clearly and so I'm now completely of the
opinion that General Millie
Millie who was uh the military guy head
of the military at the time that he's
just a dumb guy who believed the
Democrat narrative and he thought that
Trump was Hitler and you know was going
to he he actually talked about a r
moment coming so he was completely
brainwashed by his own team and so so
much so that it looks like he was afraid
that the National Guard would side with
the
protesters so that's those are some
pretty big hallucinations from the head
of the military so the head of the
military apparently was so easily
brainwashed that he was living in a
complete imaginary world where there was
some kind of a hitler-like character
trying to take over the country and then
he acted on it
it would be one thing to think it it to
think it but he was in charge of the
military and then he acted on it and
people died well at least one person
protester so um yeah I so I think it was
incompetence for this security uh in the
case of Millie he was just brainwashed
idiot and I do think that we should test
our uh leaders for susceptibility to
hoaxes because I think you could I think
you could test them to see if they
believe things that aren't true easily
you just easily get into a so uh yeah
Millie just looks like an idiot
basically judge Canon one of the lawfare
judges for Trump uh has denied their
effort to dismiss some of the charges so
I guess that
continues there's a I saw some criticism
of an opinion by comic Dave Smith so
comic Dave Smith was saying that uh
Global empires have an average lifespan
of 250 years and the US is 240 years old
and uh and we've got all the symptoms of
a late stage
Empire an over overextended military
excessive edness degenerated culture and
accelerating money printer so that and
then I saw a criticism of this from just
a user on X Brian
hatano but I I loved his criticism so
I'm just going to read the actual words
of hism he goes this is not how reality
works this is not how reality works
there's an old world old word called
historicism that tries to predict
deterministic historical Trends as
scientific this is where Marxism comes
from there's no deterministic timeline
that says bye-bye us this is is not this
is not inspired thinking and then
somebody else added also also this is
not how averages
work if the average if the average
Empire lasts 250 years that's not
telling you that yours is going to last
250 years that would be the
average so somebody just goes that's not
how averages
work but I like this is not how reality
Works no history does not does not
repeat you cannot predict the future in
weird non-scientific Ways by oh the
magic of the last
empire
anyway no that's not how anything works
now could we could everything end in two
years I suppose anything's possible but
the the most likely thing well let me
say
this every system that existed before
the
internet is is broken cuz the internet
broke
everything right politics is broken
because now we can figure out what
they're doing so there's too much
resistance to the bad guys doing
whatever they want because now we can
find out so easily so everything even
marriage marriage can't really survive
the internet because it gives people too
many options and that's just a death
sentence
so generally speaking it's rare for
anything that worked before the internet
to still still be working did you have
your bookstore oh after the internet you
can't have a bookstore right so
basically everything that was a system
except Finance Finance upgraded and
improved with the internet but that's
the exception that proves the rule so
Finance instead of you know fighting the
internet it immediately embraced it and
used it in all the right ways and made
it better but well I think it's
better so history does not predict the
future future um and nothing else does
either nothing predicts the
future except
me sometimes all right Europe is
experiencing some kind of wave of
far-right Victories but it's funny
because all the fake media is talking
about the the wave of far-right
successes as this horrible this horrible
thing that's happening as opposed to an
obvious response to opening your borders
and destroying your own
country which is what they've done how
how could you not predict that people
would say
hey it it looks like you're just
destroying our country by opening the
door and letting everybody
in of course there's going to be
response to that eventually here it is
so the countries that are
allegedly moving right or Germany France
and Italy I think there's some few
others um I'm not sure this is a
gigantic Trend yet but it might
be anyway back in the lawfare domain can
you believe that the New Jersey attorney
general is looking into the Trump
businesses liquor
licenses uh for the Trump National Golf
Course and uh well two two entities that
Trump owns in New
Jersey and here's how they're trying to
get them when you have when you have a
uh liquor
license the owner of the company can't
have what's
called um bad moral
turpitude moral
turpitude you can lose your liquor
license if someone else decides you have
bad moral
turpitude what exactly is that well you
know the I I'll tell you from my brief
experience getting a liquor license so
when I owned some restaurants I had to
go through this so I got checked the
same way in California they they checked
to see if you have moral turpitude but I
was I was told and I don't know if this
is completely true that the reason
they've got that moral turpitude in
there is so that that they could deny
licenses to gangsters basically they
just didn't want gangsters to have a lot
of liquor licenses criminals so now
they're going to use that against the
past and potential future president of
the United States
why now I get that it might be a thing
you can do but
why why I understand why you'd want to
deny a liquor license to a mafia member
or a cartel
member but can you explain why you do it
in this case given that that moral
turpitude thing has obviously it's a
subjective thing why would you even look
into it this is purely crooked
is purely crooked the Attorney General
of New Jersey should be in jail if he
does this I mean I don't think there's a
law against you know abusing the legal
system this way probably not but in
terms of how bad it is it's a it looks
like a jailable offense to
me well California is also looking to
seize profits from Big oil companies so
I guess you can sue the big oil
companies if if you think your climate
change hurt you so that's another bad
reason to be in California so California
is trying to drive out the energy
companies the tech
companies that'd be pretty much
everything so we're we're very
anti-business in California we got the
high crime the high taxes um the assets
they can basically just take from you if
if they say that you H climate change
and the AI regulations and the crypto
regulations it's basically everything
bad for business at the same
time Trump campaign is launching a
Latinos for Trump effort to show that
they're trying to get a lot of
commitment I have mixed feelings about
this you know the one of the things we
like about Trump is he's not
pandering to demographic groups I mean
compared to most people and this this is
a little
Pander but maybe it is the right time
because they're trying to get more
attention to the fact that other people
are already moving to Trump in the
Latino community so maybe it's good I I
think this one's a coin
flip but maybe you know if I if you were
a member of a demographic group that a
candidate targeted and said hey you guys
in particular should be for us how would
you feel about
that would you feel it's like oh so
pandering why are you treating me
special how about just I'm
citizen so I've got mixed feelings about
it it might work you know it might just
make people say oh they really want me
what one of the rules of persuasion is
is the
ask and Trump is good at that you you
know it's how to sell the ask is I want
you to vote for me I'm asking you to
vote for me and if you don't actually
ask for it it's weird people won't do it
even if they support you they might not
cross the street to do anything about
about it but if you ask and it forces
them to answer you you're much closer to
closing a deal so always do they ask so
that's the part that this gets right I
think Laura Trump is going to be a
superstar when when the election's done
I've got a feeling she's going to get a
lot of credit if Trump
wins uh and it it looks like it would be
warranted um there's a new study that
says uh that if at first you don't
succeed you should probably give up
because rarely do people who fail go on
to succeed
later are you buying that so apparently
if you look at all the situations such
as let's say taking the elsat test the
people who fail at once are unlikely to
pass it later some do but they're
unlikely so the thinking there is that
it's a big lie that uh failing is is how
you
succeed all right since I wrote a book
called How to failed almost everything
and still win big allow me to correct
this number one do not give the same
career advice to smart people as you do
to dumb
people that's a very good rule don't
give the same career advice to smart
people as you'd give to dumb people a
smart person you might say you know what
you should go as far as you can with
your education because PhD is going to
open open more doors than the Masters
opens more doors so that's what you do
to like a really smart person if
somebody can't do that you don't say
keep taking that elsat you'll get it if
you know they can't so you don't give
the same advice to people who don't have
the ability to win as you would to
somebody who does have the ability to
adjust correct try harder and make it
and make it work and it is true that
every time you fail you do learn
something unless is just taking a test
and you don't learn much but in life if
you
fail you're usually learning
something so uh the other day I was
playing tennis and I I uh extended
myself going for a ball and I pulled a
uh a
hamstring now I failed so I had to stop
playing did I learn anything from it yes
yes I learned what my new limit is is of
my current body you know because my
brain was still back in my old body so I
didn't know what I can and cannot do so
I adjust so next time I you know soon as
I heal next time I play I won't do that
I just won't I won't do what I did
before so no people do learn from
failure but not dumb people all
right um there's a billionaire Pierre
amadar he's he's I think he's American
but he was born in France and uh where
did he get rich was
it eBay I forgot anyway he's figured out
how to do with George Soros so you know
how George Soros quite brilliantly
decided that he could change things more
by going after the Das and attorney
generals so if you get the legal people
you can put in jail your
enemies and it's a it's a good way to
have power well this billionaire Pierre
has apparently figured out how to get uh
using his money getting a network of
people
into FTC posts and other things in the
government that would have
Sway and so if you have your people in
the government then they can control
what businesses get away with what and
basically it's another way to control
the world without getting an elected
person
elected so I think Soros may have taught
him this you know accidentally he
figured out a way to control and mass
part of our country without an elected
representative you just get the get your
appointees and all these key positions
in the
government now that is
terrible that is
terrible a some non-american on X who
identified themselves as not being an
American said this serious question I'm
not American so I might be missing
something but can anyone tell me why do
millions of Americans
still support a convicted criminal a
sexual assaulter a rapist a fraudster a
religious Pretender and overall one of
the viest politicians I can
recall I have three answers from my
American
perspective number one I couldn't tell
which of the candidates you were
describing does he know
[Laughter]
that which part of this doesn't apply to
both of them
I don't know it looks like it applies to
both of them to
me in in the sense that these are what
the enemies of each team says about the
other one so I'm not saying it's true
I'm saying that it appears about a tie
on all those dimensions number two what
the non-american doesn't realize
apparently is the news isn't real where
where did he find out any of these
things about Trump that he thinks he
knows from the news does he think the
news is real do they believe that in
Europe they still think the news is real
no the news isn't real so everything you
think about both of them is totally made
up so that's another thing and the other
thing is compare to the
alternative yeah it what exactly would
you be willing to vote for just so it
isn't
Biden almost
anything so if you're looking at the
Alternatives it's it's just obviously
Trump so here would be the question I
would give back to him can you name any
smart American who doesn't have TDS who
would be in favor of Biden that's my
question back to you haven't found one
yet if you would like to judge the uh
mood of the country I had a post on X
yesterday that I think did it really
well I don't think that the left
understands how much energy they've
created in the
right so yesterday I posted
um two
words and it got last I checked a
quarter of a million views which is a
lot for my
account and this is all I
said it's
time quarter of a million
views Can you feel
it can you can you feel the Just
Energy yeah all I had to do was say It's
Time everybody knew what that
meant here's what that means if you
didn't
know it's time to leave it all out in
the
field if there was anything you were
holding
back
don't if you thought to yourself you
know what would be good if maybe I tried
to get my neighbor registered to vote do
it it's time if you thought maybe I
should retweet this thing or do this
thing or talk to somebody or make that
argument it's tough time do it now
everything that needs to be done hold
back nothing give everything this is for
the fate of the whole
world it's time it's time to get serious
it's time to no longer play there some
people are going to need to go to jail
and it's
time we're not going to put up with the
 anymore we're not going to
we're not going to let you steal an
election
it's just
time so full
energy let's see it now speaking of
energy I'd like to give you my strangest
hypothesis of the day when we talk about
climate change uh regardless of what's
causing it or how much there is I have
this this
notion when is it ever a bad idea to
have more
energy I'm trying to think of a reframe
is the easiest way to understand the
risk and reward of any climate
warming so again I'm assuming that there
might be some warming you know the
separate debate that I'm not talking
about is what's causing it is it natural
or man-made and how much Etc
but we do know that where there's
warming there's extra Greenery and the
plants like
it uh it's energy so warming is energy
do you know what the most dangerous
thing in the world this no energy it's
called cold I remember a question asked
in the high school science class the
professor or teacher said that uh the
heat is really Just Energy basically the
particles are moving around a lot and
that's what heat is and if the particles
are not moving around that's called cold
and somebody raised their their hand and
said if if you can get
energy if heat and energy are the same
thing um what is
cold and the answer was the opp it's the
absence of energy now let me give you
two
situations it's 0 degrees out and it's
winter and you have no electricity no
power what are you going to do die
you're going to die unless you can start
a fire which creates energy or unleash
unleashes it
what happens if it's too
hot if it's too hot you put up more
solar panels and you just convert the
energy into air
conditioning right so when it it seems
to me that in every
situation unless you're talking about a
fire or an explosion which is a release
of energy that's bad uh if you talk
about sort of life you know not not an
emergency but just life more energy is
almost always more better the the best
career advice I ever gave
myself was that the really the same week
I graduated from college in Upstate New
York I traded my uh car for a one-way
ticket to California and ended up in the
Bay Area why most
energy this is where the energy is so I
went from a low energy place to a high
energy place because that's where you
get lucky it's where everything
good so it's always move toward the end
energy don't don't move away from it and
what so here's the general statement
could it be that well I understand there
might be some Tipping Point you know if
it gets too warm something dies I
suspect that there's probably a
universal law that says unless
something's exploding on fire that more
energy always makes you more better in
other words you're going to live longer
with more energy than you would with
less energy and it's just always true
uh now do you have to adjust to more
energy yes you might have to put up some
solar panels and and fire up more air
conditioning maybe um or you might have
to you know plant more trees or
something to
adjust but you could do that if you have
energy can't do it if it's
winter you you can't do it if you don't
have
energy so I suspect that uh there's
probably a universal law like that that
we just haven't discovered CED that more
energy is more better just
always Jury has reached a
verdict Jury has reached verdict on the
um the hunter Biden
thing and what was the verdict I'll tell
you what I well it wouldn't
be if they reached a verdict it's got to
be guilty
right so here what I was predicting I'll
tell you what I was predicting even if
I'm already wrong what I was predicting
is that it would be a guilty verdict
because that shows that nobody's Above
the
Law followed by a slap in the
wrist so the best case scenario is that
Biden can say look I didn't even pardon
my own son that's how much I'm committed
to the
law um but what is the verdict
I don't see anybody telling
me uh the jury was officially hung
somebody
says
what all right well the messages I'm
getting from the internet are all over
the place so I don't trust any
them Don Lemon what about him
all
right we are going to uh check out on
that the Clinton hung the
jury it's not announced oh okay that
that makes sense so there's a vert but
we don't know what it
is all right well that ladies and
gentlemen is all I had for you today did
I missing any big
topics uh reached the verdict is
expected to be read in court soon all
right well let's all go uh listen to the
verdict so I say guilty followed by no
jail time and then maybe followed by a
pardon
later 10 year mandatory H really I don't
know don't let the refs decide the
game you know yeah yesterday I was uh um
contacted by somebody who had a an
anti-trump friend who was willing to
talk to me on video to be
deprogrammed and I thought whoa really
and uh somebody was a lawyer was a woman
who was a lawyer I thought well that's
perfect I would love talking to somebody
who's like
anti-trump and is smart enough to you
know have a good debate you know a
lawyer and woman is even more perfect
and so I agreed it's like oh yeah maybe
I maybe I would want to talk to her on
video and then the next thing I hear is
well she's not a Democrat she's an
independent and then I said oh that's no
fun do you know how easily I can flip an
independent I need a little
challenge flip flipping a Democrat I
believe I can actually do I believe I
could actually flip a democrat in real
time right in front of you but flipping
in Independence
you could do
that I need a little bit of a challenge
I could obviously I can fliping
independent that take like a
second all right that's all for now
on YouTube and Rumble and locals I'm
going to say bye for now thanks for
joining see you tomorrow same time same
place I'm going to stick around and talk
to the locals
people local supporters here I come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for