boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody get in here I'm on a different
time zone but because you're all special
I will be sharing a simultaneous sip
with you but one of the things I'm
finding out about Europe is that there
are a lot of differences between Europe
and the United States for example I'm in
the Netherlands in Amsterdam and they
don't have all the safety precautions of
the United States everybody's on a
bicycle with no helmets and people are
zipping around there's there's no
guardrails on the canal which blows my
mind there are miles and miles of canals
all over and they don't have any
guardrails you could just walk right off
into the canal the cars are parking
right to the edge and everything's
smaller the the rooms are smaller the
cars are smaller the people are huge
something that I think this is one of
the tallest countries in the world but
everything else is kind of small
and so when I went to get my cup of
coffee lay this their coffee cups here
they're tiny what's up with that
all right let's have a simultaneous sip
you may have a large gigantic American
sized Starbucks if you like me I'm going
to have a tiny sad little European cup
of coffee simultaneous hip ah but it's
good okay I know this isn't a real
coffee cup but it was funny
now some of you may have seen I just
tweeted out a video message from
Benjamin Netanyahu who is making an
offer from Israel to Iran Iran which I
always pronounce in my own special way
I thought it was brilliant because he's
making a direct appeal to the people of
Iran showing how much Israel cares about
the people but not so much the
leadership and he's pointing out that
apparently there's an enormous potential
drought situation actual and could get
worse situation in Iran where as many as
50 million people might be forced from
their homes by by drought I mean that's
that's a big problem and Israel has
offered to help with technology that
would make them more efficient with
their water usage and they've created a
website where they have information to
to help them do that now I don't know
how much help one can get from a website
I don't know how much Iran is going to
look at that but here's the thing even
though it's obvious there's a there's a
political motivation for really anything
the leader of a country says right you
wouldn't want to I don't think you'd
want a leader who was not acting in a
political way that's sort of the whole
point of the leader but at the same time
it seems genuine that if Israel could
help with the water shortage in Iran
Iran that they would because it's good
for Israel it's good for them it's good
for relations and maybe it gets you to a
better place so watching Netanyahu turn
up his persuasion to to a 10 and a 10
it's really fun to watch because I think
I think he's on a very effective path
right now and that path is to make the
clearest possible distinction between an
Iran that plays well with its neighbors
and one that doesn't because apparently
if you play well you get a good economy
you get help with your water shortage
you become you know part of the world
society and you're safer and if you
don't play well you don't have any of
that you've got a an economy that will
be crushed you have an unstable
political system
you may run out of water and it could be
a humanitarian nightmare of I don't even
can you even think of a problem that
affects 50 million people at
approximately the same time that sounds
like one of the worst problems I've ever
heard of in my life so Iran is going to
need some some some help with that so
there's just this enormous difference
between where things are and where they
could be and I feel like the right
people are saying the right you things
to at least shake the Box a little you
know I talk about that all the time
sometimes you don't know exactly how to
get from where you are to where you want
to be but you usually know how to shake
the box and if you shake it enough times
and then check out what happened after
the shakes like how things have lined up
a little differently now yeah not quite
good enough
shake shake shake if you shake it enough
there's a good chance you'll get the
variables to line up eventually and that
seems to do what's happening
president Trump is shaking the box
Netanyahu is shaking the box but not in
a not in a sort of sadistic way but in a
let's change the variables and see if we
can get a good conclusion kind of away
with a lot of people who don't want war
one thing they think all of them have in
common is they don't want anymore
all right I'm sure I had another topic
on here oh you probably saw president
Trump's reference to Justin Trudeau of
Canada as meek and mild and and weak I
think he called him weak meek and mild
so the meek may not actually inherit the
earth but they might get Canada you know
there might be one country where the
meek can do just fine so I I can't say
that I support the
the calling of names of this nature
because you know it's that's that's a
little edgy for me it's not something I
would say in public but we observed that
the president does this with great
effect and it probably won't make any
difference to anything and it's just
kind of funny when he doesn't you'd feel
a little disappointed if he didn't you
know the one of the things that for some
reason I didn't realize is I didn't
realize how tall Trudeau is he's taller
than Trump isn't he just seemed gonna
stand next to each other it looks like
he might be six for --is-- does anybody
have a height on him in fact check me on
that because on television he comes
across as smaller and it may just be the
way he stands or whatever but you see
him actually stay on the in a row with
the other leaders I believe he's the
tallest leader he's got to be at least
six four six five six three and he does
look taller than Trump though all right
he wears heels so he says yes it's true
is somebody pointed out here in the
comments that my birthday is the same
day as Kanye West's birthday and and
people are saying that's a sign of the
site of the simulation I might be
assigned to the simulation or it could
be that if you put 20 people in the room
the odds of one of them having the same
birthday as someone else in the room is
actually a lie or than you think so the
the whole hey that person is the same
birthday as I do doesn't really mean as
much as we we imagine it means because
it happens more often than you then you
imagined could happen
all right so apparently Kim jong-eun has
arrived in Singapore I don't know if
president Trump has or if he's about to
land could happen soon their first
meeting is going to be in person and
Fidel was six - okay I guess that
answers some of our questions doesn't I
you just landed okay so does anybody
know when the actual first in-person
meeting is scheduled it won't be
tomorrow well it will be today
maybe it will be today so I understand
that a Chinese commercial aircraft
probably just with chairman Kim and his
own folks what that was the
transportation and I thought to myself
that's actually the perfect situation
because first of all a a Chinese
aircraft probably is going to have
better maintenance might be a little
newer than whatever they're they're
flying in North Korea so it's safer but
it's safer in another way which is
nobody's going to shoot down the Chinese
Chinese aircraft certainly not
intentionally so it's probably just the
safest thing you could do but it also
sends this interesting message which you
know the messages that China is
protecting Kim
it literally protecting them they're
putting even their their aircraft and
the safest possible way and delivering
him under their flag essentially I mean
they don't say it that way but in effect
kim was flying under their their banner
for at least for security purposes which
i think was good for everybody that that
feels like a positive thing for all
people involved
the summit actually happens June 11th
given its in Singapore somebody asks a
good question I don't know how that
works maybe you're right can I talk
about why the simulation would favor
trumpism well I don't know that it does
we can only say for sure that there's a
lot of it I'm not sure that's the same
as favoring now and think about the fact
that North Korea and the United States
are having what we hope will be the
beginning of a friendly conversation
that will only get better in the future
and that wall that's happening
Israel is making this offer to a to Iran
to help with to help with their water
shortage and it seems to me and I also
thought I saw something about the the
Taliban wanting to have talks with the
government in Afghanistan I might have
that story slightly off but it seems to
me that love is breaking down everywhere
or at least people are being smarter
about how to deal with their fellow
human beings on this tiny planet and
maybe it's about time so it does seem
like the Summer of Love
seems like it could be the beginning of
the Golden Age as heralded in by the
Summer of Love it seems to me that the
United States even though we're in the
warm weather which is when you'd
normally see a lot of protests I would
think correct me if I'm wrong but I
don't think there are many big protests
going on in the United States so our
economy is humming and the president
Trump is asking for lists of African
Americans to
consider for pardons and heads are
spinning everywhere and there's so much
good news that it's hard to believe
right now so the summer of love is on
that doesn't mean we won't have setbacks
that doesn't mean there won't be bad
things that happen during the summer but
I think there's a some kind of change in
the air there's just a change in the air
people are thinking differently and if I
could characterize that one change the
best see if you go with this it's better
to be friends that's it you know it
doesn't seem weird that that's something
that needs to be said or realized or
that that's a new thought because if you
think about it until a month ago both
the United States and North Korea
thought it was better not to be friends
thought it was better for whatever
self-interest and now they're thinking
oh it's better to be friends the same
thing happened with Israel and their
position about Iran now it's not
reciprocal at this point of course but
Israel is saying as clearly as possible
and often and visually and from the top
with no ambiguity here's what they're
saying it's better to be friends
better to be friends right you what do
you see with President Trump
offering pardons and I think you'd agree
that President Trump is making a
statement with the pardons because they
do skew black and brown and he's also on
record as being supportive of some
legislation to get the federal
government out of the weed business
which may have some benefits for African
American folks who tend to get
prosecuted at higher rates and with
bigger sentences and he's also where the
Oh whose staff is working hard
especially Jared Kushner on Prison
Reform and that that goes directly to
the benefit of the people who are who
are most often the the folks who get
into the system so in so many ways the
president is also saying it's better to
be friends it's just better to be
friends every time now interestingly the
president is reversing things on its
head with our allies and I love what
he's been saying about the relationship
with the allies because the the press
keeps saying stuff like so so now you're
telling us President Trump
our relations with you know our allies
you know Germany and Great Britain and
Canada now they're worse right and Trump
just looks at him and says Ted out of
ten our relationship is 10 and a 10 but
we also have to talk about this trade
stuff because that needs to be fair it's
perfect all right he won't give he won't
give a millimeter on us being less
friends with the people who are already
our friends right there only there are
only two possibilities that the
president has held out the people who
are not our friends it's a much better
deal if you become our friend doesn't
matter if you're Putin do you think he
said as clearly as possible the
president that is better if Putin is our
friend yes better if President Xi is our
friend president better if Putin's our
friend better if better if Duterte is
our friend it's just better if you're
our friend and you know he's saying it
in lots of different ways in lots of
different contexts but the second thing
you saying is that if you're already our
friend meeting our allies it's not going
to change that's a pretty powerful thing
it's like we can you know we can have
all kinds of disagreements
but as I as I tweeted recently no matter
what kind of words we have with our
allies no matter what happens with
France no matter what happens with you
know Great Britain if those countries
were attacked by an unfriendly force the
first thing that those countries our
allies would hear is something in an
American accent
this sounded like hold my diet coke just
before their enemies were vaporized
right so the United States were really
good at taking care of our friends you
know if there's one thing we're good at
that I think people will you know agree
well I suppose anybody can agree to that
we can disagree with anything but
generally speaking we have a pretty good
track record when people say we're on
your side that works for us it's a very
American thing if you're on our side
it's tough to get off our side you know
once you're on the team we don't like to
let you go yeah look at Japan look at
you know look at Germany after World War
two you can go right down the line and
you know even with all of the the the
words that were exchanging with Mexico
if Mexico were ever attacked by let's
say some third party force would Mexico
have to worry not not the United States
would vaporize their enemies in one
afternoon it would be over nobody can
attack our little buddy Mexico because
the United States wouldn't let it happen
so we can we could have all the
disagreements we want tariffs and trade
deals and immigration and stuff like
that but we're not going to change the
basic the basic feeling the basic
relationship you know once you're once
you're friends with the United States we
like to keep you that
and if you're not our friend we'd like
to make you one and it's a good deal all
right I guess I said that too many times
already what else is happening I'm just
waiting for Christina to tap me on the
shoulder any minute yeah sir John Cusack
is calling for some kind of protests in
the street to remove the illegally
elected president I'm not sure that he's
exactly called for a coup and not in
those words you know there's still room
in his language to assume that he means
through peaceful protest whatever but
I'm actually worried about the mental
health of the people who are watching
this president that they thought was a
monster continually do things that are
not monster like and in order for them
to you know keep with their prior
thought they're gonna have to imagine
conspiracy theories they're going to
imagine the fake news is real they're
going to imagine that although he hasn't
done something he might do something bad
they're going to imagine that although
his actions look okay his thoughts are
bad and that's bad enough
so there's gonna be a serious unwinding
of sanity whatever whatever's left of it
of the folks who have been so public
about their disapproval of this
president yeah I heard that Bill Maher
suggested that it might be good for the
economy to crash a little bit just to
get rid of President Trump you know I
I'm not sure I'd make a big deal about
that that sounds more like that sounds
more like hyperbole you know when he
says something like that it probably is
closer to well maybe if the you know
economy slowed down he wouldn't be such
a lock to win reelection you know I
would take it in that vein I like to be
consistent you know how many times if
you see me
defend the president by saying okay
that's hyperbole you don't take that as
literally as it sounds so I'm gonna do
the same thing with with Bill Maher
don't take that as literally as a sounds
he's not hoping for a depression
something like that
but he might legitimately think the
country is better off given how bad he
thinks the president is for the world
that the economy pulls back I'll just
just to make the president less secure
and the job that might be real but I
wouldn't worry that that's full on let's
crash the economy to get rid of this
president I don't I imagine if you asked
him follow-up questions he would agree
with what I just said but I don't know
and likewise with John Cusack you should
assume that there's some hyperbole in
his tweets so don't take it as literal
COO now keep in mind when keep in mind
that when you say I don't think either
one of the people I mentioned is joking
keep in mind that the other side the
people who disagree with you think
exactly the same thing when President
Trump tells a joke that you're positive
is a joke right
the thing I'm here to tell you is that
you can't tell the difference you can't
really tell when the other side is using
hyperbole and when they meet it just the
way they can't tell when when you're
doing it so I'm not saying you're wrong
I'm just saying that it looks more like
hyperbole all around than it does look
to be as if any of them mean is
seriously Ayatollah clarified very
strongly only death to Zionism policy
toward it Palestinians is there a date
on that clarification
so that the background of that is I had
said in the periscope recently that we
should ask the Ayatollah to clarify what
does he mean by death to Israel and
Israel has to be eradicated in other
things and I'm asking for a
clarification because somebody made a
comment here that he has clarified that
he means Israel's
policy of Zionism and its treatment of
the Palestinians but I don't believe
I've seen that news so are there any
confirmations that anything new has
happened same day as tweet on his
website okay I'm gonna need to get a
little more I think a little more
clarity on that and a little bit more
confirmation that you really said that
because there's also the translation
problem and everything else greater
Israel project I don't know what that is
is there something called a greater
Israel project that doesn't sound like
something
Israel's opponents would like at all
how can you change anti-israel mindsets
I'll tell you how do you know what a
person can't simultaneously be all right
so it's hard for people to hold in their
heads to opposites you know it's
impossible to me for me to say this cup
is small at the exact same time I say
this cup is gigantic I can't hold those
in my head I got a pick one you know my
brain just forces me to pick one so you
watch it what Netanyahu's done and done
and I'm I talked about this in the
beginning of the periscope he made a
video in which he made an unambiguous
offer of friendship and help on the the
issue of water shortages in Iran now if
he keeps that up and we've seen some
consistency so far where he keeps
offering friendship steps that are real
they you know they're legitimate
physical things you know more water
here's our technology here's our advice
here's our assistance and in some ways
potentially if you keep doing that you
break the frame
and let me give you an example of this
that happened naturally and before I
tell you this story I want to confess
that this might be a fake memory this
could be a false memory but it's a long
time ago I think it's true but even if
it's not it's gonna it's going to prove
my point the same it seems to me that
when the Soviet Union was in business
and the Cold War was going strong we
were under the impression that we had to
be their enemies and they needed to be
our enemies and then again this is the
part you have to fact-check I believe
there was a massive earthquake in Russia
proper or the Soviet Union anyway I
think was in Russia proper and there was
a type of earthquake that's so big that
you really do need international help
and what happened was that the citizens
in the United States in particular
raised a tremendous amount of money by
donating to some fund to help the the
Russian Mexican of the Russian recovery
and I believe the United States also
immediately offered our specialized
resources for that kind of stuff was in
1989 and when that happened I remember
saying to a co-worker there goes the the
Iron Curtain I said that offer to help
you in an emergency meaning the United
States so so quickly and unambiguously
helping the Russian people because they
needed help
there was nothing in it for us there it
was literally no quid pro quo we gave
and asked nothing in return
because they were human beings we had we
had things we could offer they needed
those things that's it if anybody ever
figures that out about Americans that
Americans are so easy to figure out it's
like be our friend will do anything for
you we're really really helpful people
it's like the most defining
characteristic of Americans
is if you're not actually actively our
enemies we're gonna help we're really
really helpful and we like that about
ourselves it's one of the things that
makes us feel good about ourselves it's
a it's deeply ingrained in our cultural
makeup so when the United States went in
so strongly and quickly and
unambiguously and with no strings
attached to help you know Russia during
during the time of the Iron Curtain I
told my friends at the time the and this
was my first I think this was my first
accurate prediction in world events I
said from a psychology perspective their
frame just got broken they just realized
that being our friend is a good deal
they didn't know that before it was like
maybe that wasn't an option but we
proved is so unambitious Lee with the
help on that on the earthquake recovery
that I said now it's just a matter of
time
the psychology just broke and now it
just needs to you know ripple through
the the system until people's minds
can't hold their old frame and it wasn't
long before things changed now if I got
any of those facts wrong let me let me
generalize it to say that if you have an
enemy and you're trying to change that
situation you only have two ways to do
it crush them and defeat them which is
more rare in the modern world because
everybody seems to be able to you know
survive any kind of war these days and
get weapons and fight back and be
terrorists themselves and it's just hard
to just totally vanquish a foe anymore
so maybe those days are over
but the second way is to start acting
like a friend let's see if you can get
them to act that way too so I think
that's what's happening and Israel has
has figured that out and I think you're
going to see them trying to figure out
ways that they can be
you know good to the Palestinian people
good to Iran and good to anybody else
who needs them to be good to them so
that's all for now
I'm gonna go do something else and
tomorrow I'm flying probably won't talk
to you tomorrow but all's you right the
day after oh and make sure that you make
sure that you see my blog post that I
posted today in which I as a public
service I tried to put in one place all
of the incorrect things that people
think about President Trump in terms of
is he is he a darn racist or are you
imagining it so I I laid out the two
movies so you can see the two movies
essentially side by side effectively
because you've all had the experience of
playing whack-a-mole with anti-trump
errs and it goes like this
the anti-trump er says president Trump's
a racist and you say what would be an
example of that and they say here's my
example and you say oh no that's fake
news let me show you the link let me
show you why that's out of context what
do they do then well maybe that one's
fake well what about this one and that's
also a fake and if you have twenty fakes
which is roughly the number of fake news
stories there are just on that topic
alone it's hard for anybody to imagine
that they're all wrong so I decided to
put them all in one place and show you
that they're all if not wrong at least
the Trump supporters have a completely
different interpretation of events so
while the country is believing that the
Trump supporters might be all racists
who have some knowledge they're
supporting the known racist and
therefore they must be them be
themselves
it is far truer and I think
unambiguously true that the supporters
simply don't see the movie that's
playing for the other people so if Trump
supporters saw Trump the way his
opponents see them we'd feel the same
way
right wouldn't wouldn't everybody have
the same feeling it's like oh man if
anything they said it was true or we
believed it was true let's uh let's step
back from assuming that any of us know
what is reality because that's always
dangerous but we all have our own
assumptions and certainly in the Trump
supporter movie they don't see a racist
they don't and they don't hear that
whistle
they just don't hear it they're in a
completely different frame so even if
you assume the worst about the president
you could not paint the paint the
supporters the same way because they're
just in a different movie all the
athletes are calling him racist yeah you
know there's right now it's unsafe to
back the president if you're a public
figure now Kanye made a big step in
trying to make it safer but here's the
problem
he's Kanye so since Kanye already has a
reputation of being pretty far and of
the mainstream you know at least in
terms of creativity in terms of you know
he's he's been open about being bipolar
he's talked you know we all saw him do
his thing with Taylor Swift at the award
ceremony so when he does something out
of the box it doesn't necessarily make
the rest of the country say oh well if
he's doing it maybe I'll follow him but
it's still a big deal because you know
he did break the frame it just isn't the
kind of break that everybody's gonna be
able to get behind because he's a he's a
polarizing character alright so the
people who really like him and respect
him may be influenced by that the people
who already had a negative opinion about
him won't be influenced at all so why
you would need for a big change to
happen is somebody who's an absolute
mainstream critic of the president who
just says you know I can't hold my
criticism any long
you know I I was with all the rest of
you meaning Hollywood and I criticize
them you can look at my Twitter to it
Twitter feed it's you know it's non-stop
criticism but hey I like the economy I
like black unemployment being low I like
North Korea maybe something happens in
the Middle East that's getting ahead of
ourselves a little bit but somebody's
going to do that well let me make this a
prediction correct me if I'm wrong but
there's nobody who you might describe as
like right in the center of of the
resist the resistance who has changed
their opinion have you seen it I don't
believe we've seen it because you know
Kanye was just such a unique character
it's just hard you know it's hard to
generalize him to anything else but
until you see that well Van Jones is
interesting now Van Jones hasn't
switched positions he has you know I
consider him an enlightened thinker who
is willing to do what works so he's
working on the prison reform thing
because he's a good addition to that
Farrakhan again is a he's he's not a
mainstream character so it would take
somebody like Van Jones doesn't have to
be him but somebody like him who's right
in the middle he's not controversial in
and of himself but is willing to say
look based on evidence I think we have
to rethink this all right we may not see
it but I'm gonna predict that you're
gonna see it LeBron going to the
Warriors nothing's impossible is it
David Brooks might you know you might
need a person of color David Brooks
David Brooks speaking you know moving
from a conservative to a trump supporter
is not news it's interesting well
there's news but it's not the kind of
thing that changes the world it's people
people say
that's interesting and move on you need
you need a person of color and in this
context black is better you know you
know I was going to not say that but in
this context black is better so if you
see a mainstream critic of the president
who also happens to be black changed
their mind it's gonna it's going to
shake the planet yeah we haven't seen
that all right yeah I wouldn't expect it
to be one of the athletes Dave Chappelle
somebody said you know Dave Chappelle
would be a perfect example I'm not
saying you will or should or anything
with that but in terms of an example of
someone who was right in the middle and
has credibility Dave Chappelle has a
weird kind of credibility doesn't he
you know normally you don't think of
comedians as being credible but there's
just something about you know there's
just something about the way he presents
himself that style of humor there's just
something very credible about him all
right that's all for now you guys you
girls you women you men you boys and
girls have a great day