but it but boo bum bum bum bum hey
everybody it's time you know what it's
time for you know I think you know you
can hear the theme song already in your
mind
pum pum pum pum pum pum you can smell
the fresh early freshly freshly freshly
brewed coffee you can smell it you can
see it because it's time oh yeah
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and the simultaneous step oh that's good
simultaneous coffee alright we've got a
number of things today I'm gonna start
with has everybody seen ya let me pause
this here as everybody's seen in a
Navarro's extended cut I want to make
sure you've seen the extended cuts but
to do that I have to turn off my did you
make sure you check my Twitter feed this
morning it's a good one hold on let's
see if you can see this it's funnier if
you see it it's funnier if you see it on
your own device but just so you can see
justify it and you have to justify
[Music]
[Music]
show you the logo there all right if you
haven't seen it go to my Twitter feed
it's it's retweeted there now the other
the other thing I wanted to talk about a
few other things one is the president's
tweet from this morning that said where
the hell is it this is President Street
for this morning so select more
Republicans in November and will pass
the fairest most comprehensive
immigration bill anywhere in the world
so that part's not the interesting part
because right now we have the dumbest
and the worst meaning the policies and
they says Dems are doing nothing but
obstructing now here's the good part
remember their motto resist hours is
produce so he's reframed their their
valiant resistance into being the
opposite of being productive which is
first of all hilarious the second of all
it totally works but it it perfectly
sets up this observation have you heard
of the you have you heard of anybody
describe emotional intelligence do you
know what emotional intelligence is it's
very similar to the idea of maturity and
emotionally person who has high
emotional intelligence can give up some
stuff in the short term you know will
take some pain and the short term in
order to have you know gains in the long
term so if you have good emotional
intelligence you can go to go to school
and work hard and get good grades
because in the long term that will make
your life better people who do not have
good emotional intelligence will skip
classes because it's unpleasant they'll
sleep in because they can't really see
it the long term they're they just more
about what's happening today that's also
very similar to just the difference
between children
who can see the long-term and adults who
can and at this point doesn't it feel to
you that that that separation has become
really real in terms of the long term
short term difference between the
parties it seems that the Democrats have
become the teenagers in the room you
know the teenagers who say well I want
any candy for dinner well why can't I
eat candy for dinner and then you say
well it'll be bad for your health in the
long run and the teenager says but I'm
hungry right now and I want candy no no
in the long run it's not good for you
it's you know it's better to have
protein and good diet but I want candy
right now so the president's little
reframing of the Republicans producing
well the Democrats are resisting is
really accurate for the for one thing
now that's it's true generally because
the the the party that's out of power
they don't have much many options to
produce anything but in this case
they're doing a lot of resisting so I
thought that was wonderful now at the
same time we're seeing that North Korea
is returning remains of soldiers who
died in the war and they're also talking
about reunifying families North and
South Korea that got separated by the
war so things are just happening all
over the place in North and South Korea
all good stuff all because of this
president and let me give you a little
life strategy tip that you rarely I
don't know if I've ever seen this
anywhere so this will be a life strategy
tip that I doubt you've read anywhere
maybe you have I haven't and it goes
like this
whenever you whenever you see a problem
that people have used the same solution
on
and that solution doesn't work but they
keep trying that same solution and it
keeps not working the first thing I
asked myself this is just my little
mental process is what happened what
would happen if you did the opposite and
I just asked that in general it's sort
of also a cartoonist question the
cartoonist always asks okay if that's
the normal way what would be the
opposite of that for example in the
normal world you go to a doctor and the
doctor is trying hard to make you
healthy
so the cartoonist says well what if you
went to the doctor and it was reverse
and the doctor did whatever he could to
make you less happy right and then then
you've got something to turn into a joke
so my normal mental process over many
years of doing creative work is that
anytime I see any normal situation I
just automatically say what if that were
the opposite and if you look at sort of
their creative approach if you look at
President Trump's success with North
Korea all he did was take the normal
approach and just he did the opposite
because the normal approach had failed
for 70 years in a row so in the normal
approach was hey we can't talk to this
guy until he gives us everything we want
you know the different leaders for North
Korea we can't talk to them that would
be giving them credibility and all the
things they want we can't talk to him
so Trump did literally just the opposite
so if 70 years in a row the old thing
didn't work he just said well what if I
did the opposite because there really
wasn't much of a downside to talking to
him but the upside was potentially the
end of nuclear confrontation and that's
what happened so look for that in your
daily life look for situations in which
you ask yourself what if I just did the
opposite of what everybody else is doing
what would that look like let's talk
about that Time magazine photo of the
girl who is crying because it appears
she had been separated from her parents
at immigration but now we know that she
was never separated from her mother that
the the fake news got the story wrong
now I've seen the number of Trump
supporters rushing to say I knew it was
all a lie you know the the fake news is
blowing the scent of animal proportion
etc I'm not gonna make you happy right
now I know you like me to tell you
things you already agree with but I
can't be this inconsistent I'm gonna be
consistent with everything I've said
before and you're not gonna like it
you're not gonna like it that photo of
the little girl crying because she was
separated from her parents wasn't true
she was not separated from her parents
it was a fake picture but I hate to say
it it was directionally accurate it was
directionally accurate because children
were being separated from their parents
some of them I'm sure cried so does it
really matter in any real way that that
particular picture was faked no it has
no impact the fact that that picture was
fake
doesn't change you know the underlying
truth that's at most it's a very small
point about some fake news but it
doesn't change the story in any way so
the reason that I say I'm staying
consistent is because my entire approach
to President Trump is that when he says
my god there are so many people here in
this in my crowd there must be 30,000 of
them minute turns out there are really
23,000 of them but it's an overthrow
over flow capacity and you know the
energy is there
does that a lie well technically it is
inaccurate but directionally it's true
he's got a big crowd and there's lots of
energy and and directionally it's it's
close enough so I would like to be the
only consistent person on the planet
earth today and say that if a picture is
technically inaccurate but generally
it's true of the bigger picture that's
not going to be the thing that I'm going
to complain about because I don't
complain about it on the right I'm not
going to complain about it on the left
now that doesn't make the whole story
legitimate I'm just saying that children
were separated from parents it's that's
the fact we all agree on if we have a
picture that tells that story well the
fact that it's not technically accurate
I don't care now do you remember it
wasn't long ago certainly in my youth
there was a saying that just sounds
ridiculous today and the saying goes
like this pictures don't lie right
remember when that was the case pictures
don't lie and now it turns out that
that's all they do remember the pictures
of Trump and Merkel and the the g7
huddled around and all looking angry and
you thought to yourself well that
picture doesn't lie and then you see the
very next picture we're all they're all
laughing and and Trump has actually
taught you know touching Merkel on her
hand and in a friendly way like just
moments later
well that picture did lie totally lied
remember the picture about Trump feeding
the goldfish with with Japan's eBay and
it looked like he you know these were
video but it looked like he was just
being a rude guy throwing all of his
fish fish food in there well when they
show the whole picture you can see the
bay did a first Trump followed the
followed the the system so there was a
time when pictures did not lie
I believe were in the time now yeah
somebody just said it before I did
pictures only lie that's their purpose
in the political context in the
political context all pictures lie I say
that as someone who is often in the
media like I'm often the subject of the
story and they use my picture we're on
like you know that there's one picture I
took in which I was literally posing in
different positions when the
photographer referred so I would pose
like this and I would I was doing they
use the a weird weird poses and there
was a reason for it you don't need to
read it and to know the reason but some
of those some of those funny poses made
it into the public domain I guess and so
when somebody runs the story about me
they run this picture and so when you
look at it you think I don't like that
guy I wouldn't want to see a guy looking
like that you know you wouldn't want to
be talking to your friend who looks like
this you'd say I think I'll need another
friend so the picture that they run
about me of course of course you know a
lie of sorts that's it's meant to put me
in a certain light and yeah you you can
find example after example after example
pictures lie now let's talk about open
borders for you know since the time of
Trump's introduction to the political
process here at least running for
president people have been talking about
something called open borders and every
time you know and and people were
pretending I thought that there are
actually some people who were literally
in favor of open borders and I thought
to myself well that's not true the you
know there may be a few crazy people who
are in favor of open borders but not
really
you know I thought to myself there's not
there are really serious adults who are
talking about open borders didn't you
used to think that that that wasn't even
a real thing I went through the entire
campaign the election and not once did I
ever think there were real people who
wanted to open borders in the same way I
didn't think that all Trump supporters
are racist it just sounded like one of
those ridiculous things that people say
about the other side it's like oh you're
all racist oh you're all open borders
yeah none of its real right well I was
starting to think that there might
actually be people who are in favor of
open borders and so I wanted to ask is
there anybody is there anybody here I'm
I doubt it but there's there anybody on
this periscope who-who actually
literally favors open borders somebody
said I told you so
somebody said I am I'm not sure that's
real but because if I can find an open
borders person I'd like to interview you
on periscope and I don't know what you
would say because I don't know the
argument for it I've never heard one has
anybody ever heard an actual argument
for why open borders works in the long
term because in the short term if you
have low emotional intelligence or
you're a child open borders sound great
it's like hey don't put anybody in jail
let everybody be let's all love each
other that makes perfect sense in the
short run but in the long run how do the
open borders people imagine things going
you know what does it look like their
world if they got their way
well I'll so I'll be looking for
somebody who can present that point of
view now you saw I think you all saw
that the NFL players did I already
talked about this and then periscope the
NFL players some of them anyway put
together a proposition for a lowering or
at least reforming prisons in in one
sense not in the big sense but in the
small sense by letting a lot of drug
offenders who had served a long time or
depending on the severity of the the
drug the drug crime they suggested a
fairly mass would you call it a pardon
or commuting of the sentence and I
thought well that is productive you know
the people who came up with that idea
our producers they're not resistors
they're producers and so immediately
you know given that most of you are
probably Trump supporters if you're on
this periscope and that means that most
of you who have been accused of being a
horrible racist if you've been accused
of being horrible racist and then you
saw the story yesterday of the the NFL
players who are saying hey let's let's
maybe commute or pardon people who are
in prison too long for these drug crimes
because they're they disproportionately
target minorities did you see many Trump
supporters resist that I saw a few but
they were they were just the
law-and-order people
it's not legal yeah to me it looked like
people were pretty open to that on the
Trump side of the the world and I and I
believe that you're also a speed racist
right you're all supposed to be in on
the other side of that and I don't know
it looked to me like some of you saying
that you that you are racist I'm not
sure what that means in your case but
nope nope nope so what are the notes I'm
not sure I'm not sure what people are
saying no to know that you didn't have a
problem with it or anyway I think but
the people I saw seemed to be quite in
favor of at least considering that let's
talk about Donny Deutsch did all of you
see the Donny Deutsch comment I don't
know if it was on Morning Joe or
something in which he said that the
people who voted for Trump have to be
held responsible for his evil that's
some serious Hitler stuff right there
isn't it now I called Donny Deutsch the
poor man's Anthony Bourdain I don't know
why I just always thought they were the
same guy except one was the poor man's
version and when you hear something like
all Trump supporters have to be held
accountable that's pretty chilling stuff
that is really chilling and that's
pretty pretty Hitler like so Donny
Deutsch Hitler has gone on the record as
being against people and citizens and
I don't know I don't know how he lives
with himself I'm not sure how you can
have that kind of a hateful opinion and
live with yourself but apparently he's
okay with it yeah and what exactly is it
that Trump supporters are supposed to be
responsible for the good economy the
peace of North Korea you know what
exactly because it seems to me here's a
just a mental a little mental what do
you call it a mental dammit what's the
word not a mental experiment what's the
word for a mental experiment a mind
experiment yeah there's a phrase for it
never mind
but imagine if the press had never
complained about Trump as being you know
a racist and so just suppose that
suppose the press had done nothing but
report what they saw would we have this
much racial animosity I don't think so
and that's the biggest problem in the
world right so it seems to me that the
that the and let me make some some
distinctions the issue we had with the
children in cages I think almost all
Trump supporters also did not want
children separated from kids if there's
a way to avoid it so that was something
that I thought the press did a pretty
good job of surfacing something that
people cared about the president looked
at the public's reaction and then he and
then he tried to adjust I'm not sure the
adjustment will make everybody happy but
to me that looked like the system
working perfectly there was an issue the
press surfaced it the public weighed in
the public wanted to change
the president saw the public asking for
the change both his side and the other
side and the president implemented to
change all within what a week that would
be almost a perfect example of a thought
experiment thank you that would be
almost a perfect example of the system
working exactly the way you'd want it to
surface the problem government reacted
now so there's there there are real
cases where there are problems that have
to be surfaced and then dealt with but
the larger issue of our all Trump
supporters
you know Nazis and monsters is Trump
going to round people up and put them in
concentration camps and kill them all
all of that stuff comes from Donny
Deutsch and Morning Joe and and the ilk
the people who are blaming you Trump
supporters for being Hiller's are the
ones causing the problem
President Trump if you take every one of
the things he said and put it in an
objective language it all just goes away
let's take Charlottesville it was the
the fake news said oh he's siding with
the white supremacist that didn't happen
that's something they made up he sided
with the people generally it was a it
was a protest about Pro statue or anti
statue and he was saying well they're
good people on both sides of the
question of Pro statue and anti statue
the news illegitimately said i settler
and he's saying that the voice' premises
are good people he didn't say that and
in fact when he was asked for a
clarification he clarified very clearly
no I don't mean that I'm not talking
about those guys right now if the news
were even a little bit legitimate they
would have said oh the way he said that
was a little confusing so he asked him
to clarify and thank goodness he wasn't
supporting the white supremacists he
clarified we're all good now
that's what
newse would have looked like what we
have now is illegitimate news in which
they gin up stories and make things look
worse than their likewise the children
in cages had the news been made any
attempt to be objective they still might
have raised the story that people wanted
to act on and want it to change but it
wouldn't have looked like this it would
not have looked like this is the next
step to the death camps you know which
is essentially how it was covered the
take milania's jacket story if we had a
real press they would have looked at
that and said I wonder what that means
and then milania's spokesperson said oh
it's just it's just a jacket and they
probably would have been skeptical that
which which they were and then when the
president clarified he said out it's
it's about the critics really I said to
myself well that's how I took it
III took the jacket to be talking about
her critics because she's been she's
been piled on just mercilessly by the
critics now the way the president said
what was the fake news and that's you
know a subset of the critics so we're
not that far off same concept and rather
than the the media saying Melania made a
statement about the the press before
going to do this generous and good thing
of visiting these children that would
have been an objective way to cover it's
like oh she's making a political
statement about her critics on her way
to do this good thing so what the the
hypnotized anti-trump errs don't
understand is that their opinions did
not come from themselves this is the
biggest misunderstanding that the left
has the left believes you know the
anti-trump errs they believe that their
opinions came from their own minds
they believe that they looked at data
informed opinions nothing even remotely
like that has happened nothing like that
happened to anybody
and by the way it's the same on both
sides right so both both sides are under
the impression that they've looked at
the data made their objective opinions
and and now they've got an opinion
there's nothing like that happening the
reality is that there are very
influential people and organizations on
both sides
those influential people and
organizations are providing people their
opinions and the people once once
provided with an opinion come to believe
it's their own opinion
that's how normal people work I'm not
describing anything that's broken I'm
not telling you something new or
revolutionary about people this is just
how all people are built we believe we
have opinions and we believe they came
from our own mind and thoughts and and
resources and everything else not true
there there are very few people like the
president like CNN like Fox News people
like me who are influential and after
we've done our influencing the people
we've influenced believe they made up
their own mind it just that is just not
what's happening
so when the anti-trump or say we're
going to get you with our pitchforks and
our resistance they believe that they
have come to this independent thought
and that they must resist nothing like
that happened they have been given their
thoughts and their acting upon them as
they have been provided to them I need
to get off this periscope and do
something else in a minute
so I'm going to end it now
there's a libertarian on the Rubin
report arguing for open borders all
right well I'll look for some people
arguing for open borders and I will get
back to you bye for now