well there you are soon as I print my
notes off and get your comments working
we're going to have quite the
show you're going to be so happy about
it I've even got stuff plugged in look
at me being prepared
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams because that's what it is
and it's the best thing you'll ever
experience in your entire life
unless unless you join us for the
simultaneous Sip and all you need for
that is a cuper glass of tank your chice
sign a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
h of the day the thing that makes
everything better except
fires it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now
go I am now hydrated enough to get
through the entire show so let's get
going
so I've got a
friend
who on almost every other contact tries
to tell
me uh that he's he's figured out
something that Elon Musk is doing that's
dumb and I say you know he's got five of
the most important businesses in the
world he's solving problems he's going
to Mars I don't know if he's really dumb
I I feel like maybe he doesn't have you
know the the mental problems you
think now my friend is has a net worth
of
zero and I don't want to say you know
you have a net worth of zero and you're
giving advice to the richest man in the
world and none of it looked like luck to
me it looked like skill so maybe you
should take that into consideration that
he might know a little bit more than you
and then today I saw a post by Elon Musk
and I thought hm I'm going to have to go
in there and correct his
thinking apparently I'm just I'm just an
idiot
so do do you know how absurd it is to
say h Elon Musk has an opinion but I'm
so much smarter watch me fix it for him
but that's what I'm going to do but only
because it's a very special case I
wouldn't do I wouldn't do this about
engineering or business or or most
things so it's a very special case
here's the
situation uh Dr Peter diamandis on X he
had a post in which he let off by saying
sugar is poison and then you know he did
a thread on here's why sugar is poison
now I didn't make that up that's the
title of a book and you're all aware
that I often say alcohol is poison now
Elon Musk we in on the statement that
sugar is poison and he said um no
Cyanide and arsenic are poisons whereas
sugar is edible you don't see a pile of
bodies outside a candy store
LMO and then Elon said that said sugar
should only be eaten occasionally and in
small
quantities now he's not technically
wrong
right it it's sugar is not actually a
poison like literally it's not um and
sugar is
edible and if you were going to eat it
small amount would be you know not the
worst thing that ever happened to
you but uh being the being the reframe
guy I I couldn't let it
stand so I don't know what the comments
are going to be but I weighed in and I
said uh reframes need not be
literal most of the good ones are not
literal and then I noted I wrote the
book on that reframe your brain a
reframe is a brain hack it gives you the
ability to make better decisions without
changing the data so it's just a trick
it's not supposed to be literal and in
fact being literal doesn't help it a bit
there there's no advantage to being
literal you you want it to
work you don't want it to be
accurate
um so I pointed out that uh if the goal
is to minimize but not eliminate sugar
calling it a poise is a perfect
reframe and but then I had to uh
acknowledge because I think I learned
something in this exchange why would
Elon
Musk clearly and unambiguously one of
the smartest people in you know all of
our
experiences not understand a simple
reframe is not meant to be literal how's
that possible well um I don't know the
exact answer but I I ended with this
state
I said I acknowledge that departing from
the literal doesn't work for every brain
now this this should not be taken as any
kind of an insult to anybody uh I've
made this mistake before which is if I
mention somebody's on the
Spectrum if I say anything like that
publicly people say whoa whoa whoa who
are you insulting to which I say
insult where was the insult well you
just said Somebody's on the
Spectrum to which I say right but but
what's the
insult isn't that like saying somebody's
tall
somebody's somebody's black somebody's
white somebody's male some it's just who
you are so I don't put judgment on being
in the Spectrum you know if you if you
took away the inventions and the benefit
that has been brought to the World by
people who are technically on the
Spectrum and I think Elon includes
himself you know he's he's
self-identified as you know being on the
spectr I'm not 100% sure it's true but
when I see this kind of an opinion where
he's favoring the literal over the over
the reframe that doesn't need to be
literal I think wow that this might be
one of the cases where drawing this
distinction between a reframe would work
for the regular public but here's what I
learned I just learned it doesn't work
if you're on the Spectrum which actually
makes sense right so being on the
Spectrum would make you a little more
literal and maybe you just couldn't
embrace the imaginary part of the
reframe so I learn something anyway uh
looks like there might be coming a ban
on Chinese connected car software ARS
techn is talking about that I guess
that's uh the Congress is working on
that there might be some exemptions but
it would block um Americans from having
cars with Chinese software now I don't
know what the real potential risk is for
having a let's call China an
adversary um having them have control
over some number of cars in America but
how many cars do you think are on the
road at any one time in America it's a
big number right would it be five or 10
million at any moment during the day I
don't know what the number is but it's
got to be
millions and suppose we become a
self-driving car
seems inevitable might be only a few
years away what would happen if an enemy
just got a hold of a million cars and
just and just drove them into
ditches it is a weapon of mass
destruction potentially to have a
million cars drive off the road at the
same time so yeah I'm in favor of
banning the Chinese software um even if
there's no indication there's something
wrong with it there will
be there will
be uh meanwhile over at interesting
engineering there's a pine cone inspired
building Shades so they studied pine
cones that apparently I guess the little
uh whatever you call it the the what
what would you call the little leaves or
whatever the on the pine cone it's
probably a word for that um but
apparently they move based on the Sun so
they wanted to find some way that you
can make your windows and your building
uh open up and close based on sun and
without using electricity so oh we call
them
needles I don't know I'm not sure if
that's right but uh they do it without
electricity so that's the important part
the sun directly causes the pine cone
like parts to open now my take on this
is doesn't your window look like a pine
cone do you do you ever want your window
to look like a pine cone
I don't know I'm not sure this has
potential meanwhile there's a uh the Tic
Tac Tick Tock ban as far as I know it's
going to go into effect on Sunday unless
something miraculous happens between now
and then can you give me a fact check on
that is that correct that Tik Tok is
going to be done in the United States
it'll still be International but is it
going to be done in the United
States because I feel like there might
be another thing coming you know there
were some reports that Elon Musk was
talking to China I don't think that's
true that was never confirmed so I don't
think that was ever true but do you
think anybody could put together a
purchase deal in a few
days you know I suppose they could if
they felt the price was right but I
don't see any possibility that Tik tok's
going to say yes even if the price is
right so I don't know exactly what would
be purchased if somebody purchased Tik
Tock but it makes me wonder if China is
willing to give up billions and billions
and billions of
dollars they must be hiding
something in other words if if somehow
we got control of their software and
their algorithms would we be able to
determine how much they've been putting
a finger on the
algorithms would we be able to know that
just by buying it looking at whatever
they sold this it could be that they're
worried that they don't have a way to
scrub that because you know how when uh
musk uh bought Twitter there were so
many little censoring tags in it that
that even the owner couldn't tell what
it was censoring like it was just too
complicated so what if China said get
rid of all the get rid of all the
incriminating stuff and then maybe we
can sell it and then Tik Tok would have
said uh we could
try but we probably wouldn't get close
to knowing that we had all the
incriminating stuff out of the software
because it's not that easy and then
China might say uh you can't sell that
thing because if they find out what
we've been
doing there will be repercussions so
this is speculation but I Su I suspect
that uh Tik Tok would be sellable unless
they're hiding something and they don't
know how to unhide it or they don't know
how to hide it completely I guess anyway
um if you're saying to yourself hey but
Trump liked Tik Tock so he won't like it
if it goes away I remind you he's not
going to be running again and I would be
really surprised if the Republicans ever
fed another candidate who can rule Tick
Tock you know that you know that being
able to control and even dominate the
mess meing on Tik Tok that's purely a
trump thing you all know that right so
anything you say about well you know
Trump trump did well on Tik Tok so why
would you ban it that's just
Trump that do you think disantis is
going to light up Tik Tok here if Tik
Tok still
existed no no he's not that's purely
Trump so the Republicans aren't going to
care if it goes
away will see some of you may
remember how many of you remember that
back in 2018
2019 uh I announced to you that I was
going to try to put Tik Tock out a
business do you remember that and you
said to yourself well I mean that's
that's not a
thing and then I kept saying it's a
thing do you know what the first part of
persuasion is the first part of
persuasion is you have to think it's a
thing
if you don't think it's a thing
everything else you say after that
doesn't matter you're like blah blah
blah blah blah but as soon as you think
it's a thing then you can start looking
at the pros and the cons so I decided a
few years ago I'm going to make sure
everyone knows it's a thing and I got to
Senators I I got to a lot of senators a
lot of people in the house just because
they're natural viewers some of them I
contacted personally you know ones that
I could DM and in some cases I know for
sure they heard the message got it
completely and uh even
responded so I certainly was not pushing
it for the last you know year or so
because it looked like it was just
becoming an Israel issue so I think
Israel killed it because they didn't
like they didn't like that it was
persuading against them now I don't know
if that'll ever be official or I don't
know if history will record that Israel
killed Tik Tock in America but but I'm
pretty sure that's the case now normally
I would have said hey Israel another
country even our Ally you can't you
can't turn off a free speech platform in
our country stop that but since I'm
completely on the same
page I just sort of step back now do you
remember when uh Trump first mentioned
buying Greenland and your first reaction
was come on you know why because you did
not believe it could be a
thing that was step one Trump first told
you it's a thing and then you would
argue whether it's dumb or he's kidding
or it's a joke but when you were done
you would think it's a thing and
therefore you can talk about the pros
and cons and it turns out there were a
lot of
Pros a lot of pros and the
cons none
you know depending on the nature of the
deal maybe none they they won't
necessarily be voting could be a
territory there might be a price that
makes sense it might work for Denmark it
might work for Greenland but nothing
would have happened nothing until Trump
told us it's a
thing so when I said Banning Tik Tock is
a thing I got no traction on day one I
think I had zero people agreeing with me
on day one eventually I hammered it and
hammered it until you might disagree you
might agree but you definitely knew it
was a thing and on Sunday we might find
out if it's the thing all right uh the
SEC is suing yon muss because they have
nothing else better to do but uh I don't
know if this one is
legit it might be this one might be
legit and it's just a money thing so you
know if you had to pay some money I
could see that happening but he's being
sued because when he first bought the
first shares of Twitter it was above I
guess it was above some number where
you're supposed to announce your your
purchase and it was late I guess late in
registering that he' done it and there's
some argument that because he didn't say
it
um then then he said just because uh you
know he didn't say it that somehow other
people lost money because they didn't
know they did it maybe you know I I
could see that argument I just I just
wonder if this would have been pressed
against everybody because it seems like
it' be easy it would be easy to
demonstrate this is the day you bought
the stock this is the rule this is when
he you know when he admitted he bought
it it's after the
rule yeah $175 million write us a
check so it it's just
it might be valid you know you you might
say to yourself yeah that would have
happened to anybody I don't know um I
watched the segment with Michael
shellenberger on Tucker's show Tucker
Carlson and there was a little
discussion on uaps I did
notice that Tucker sort of took over
that conversation and I never really got
to hear what Michael shellenberger
thought was
happening so shellenberger brought up a
few of the hypothesis
but I don't think he landed on you know
what his opinion was and part of it is
because when Tucker started talking
about it I think that just took the
conversation in such a a direction that
I don't know if Michael thought that was
the right time to give his own opinion
on it because I'm sure he has one but
here's what Tucker said about the the
UAP is quote they're not from Mars
they're not from another planet they're
from here they've always been here these
are spiritual entities it's clear that
these things reside deep in the earth
under the water and in the atmosphere
and then he pointed out that Elon Musk
and he'd had personal conversations with
musk Tucker had um didn't think that
there was anything coming from space now
Tucker said and I don't know if this is
just Tucker or Elon said this as well
and I'm not sure it's true he said that
uh we'd pick up on satellites anything
entering the
atmosphere do you think that's true
I
don't if you look at the quality of any
of these systems in the United States
that you thought were good none of them
are good you you if you would asked me a
month ago Scott what do you think is one
of the you know best fire departments in
the world I would have said well you
know obviously LA because they would
need it and they would have the money
and you know the enough of population to
get whatever they needed so yeah the
best Fire Department in the world
probably
BL well not so much so when I hear
things like well our Advanced satellites
would pick up any UFOs coming through
our completely impenetrable digital
network of surveillance I say to myself
or not yeah or not
maybe um so I don't know if that's a
good reason but
Trump said about the uaps uh um I'm
going to give you a report on
drones uh at least we don't know if the
drones are really the same as the uaps
but the drones over New Jersey I think
he's talking about uh we'll give it in
one day into the administration he told
the governor somewhere because I think
it's ridiculous that they're not telling
you about what is going on with the
drones I'm going to make a prediction
he's not going to tell us what's going
on with the
drones and if he does you're can feel
that it's
incomplete like really does that explain
all the
drones or did that
explain some of the drones or maybe a
lot of the
drones so if you think that Trump's
going to get in there and then answer
that question to your satisfaction I
don't think there's any chance of that I
do think he means it I do think he is
telling the truth that he's going to try
to do that I do think he'll will try but
no matter what he says you're going to
say how do we know he wasn't told he has
to leave something out how do we know
that when he hears the real reason he
says oh man I really wasn't expecting
that so yeah I guess I'll just say
they're hobbyists and I'll leave out the
rest maybe so I'm betting you will not
be satisfied with whatever comes out of
that uh there's an army Green Beret
who's now making some claims on social
media I guess according to the Daily
Mail he was led into this secret
UFO UFO crash storage at an underground
Naval base and he went through all the
all the places and they showed him the
advanced alien technology there was an
orb that seemed to be operated by
Consciousness alone and there was some
kind of thing you put on your arm and it
was magic but here's the part that
completely made the whole story fall
apart I mean if it didn't
already uh apparently he saw a door that
was labeled and I quote offworld
technology uh and I'm
out and I'm out no there is no place in
the
world where somebody has a door
labeled offworld
technology cuz even if even if you you
accepted that there is such a thing as
off-world technology and even if you
accepted that nobody should be in that
part of the the building unless they had
you know full clearance and ability to
know even then you're not going to put
on the door off world
technology that's just not going to
happen in any real world so no sorry
army green
beret that that doesn't pass the initial
sniff test speaking of sniff test Alex
Jones had a kind of an exclusive I think
he he has a from a descendant see if I
get this right so it was maybe the
grandson or so of somebody who was a
confidant U and a very rich guy
confident of
LBJ so the first part of the story is
that LBJ was just a flat out criminal
and he ran the government through um
blackmail
through I guess J G Hoover so it what
according to this telling um so Alex
Jones and his guest um it's welln well
documented apparently there are books
written in which LBJ was just flat out
criminal some say he was also a
murderer some say he ordered the hit on
uh JFK because he was so uh humiliated
by the way he was being treated
now there is seems to be good evidence
that he was
humiliated so the part is did he really
order
well the evidence is according to the
grandson he found some he'd had him for
a long time he didn't just find him but
for a long time he had had the tapes
left to him you know in the Estates or
the wills or something so he had these
little tapes and he finally had them you
know uh converted so we could listen Len
to him whatever that took and then those
tapes were played and it showed I I
believe it was either you know his own
relative talking to another close
Confidant and it seemed to be a phone
call in which they were talking casually
but in a worried way just sort of matter
of factly the LBJ had ordered the hit on
Kennedy and it's just like right there
playing his day now um Alex Jones says
that the source is impeccable so he
vouches for the the the human being who
had the tape he knows that that person
was in fact a relative is in fact a
relative of a real person who genuinely
was you know lbj's Confidant and
apparently participated in some shady
stuff um he he's checked to make sure
that the a that the audio was not AI
generated so he feels that he has a
positive source the the recording didn't
just pop up today it's something that
the source that he trusts says he's had
in his possession for a long time and
that um it didn't seem fake fake in
terms of it doesn't seem like something
that that was not related to those two
people it does look like the two people
made the tape it's a real tape but then
I listen to it I would like to give you
my
judgment it might be the real people
just just like as claimed it might be
exactly those two people it may have
been made at exactly that time so I
think the tape is real the people are
real and the timing is real and they
really said those
things however I'm going to give you a
little insight as a professional
writer the hardest thing about being a
professional writer when you write
dialogue and I remind you that I write
dialogue for characters every single day
for 35 years there is a skill involved
in writing dialogue the main part of the
skill is avoiding looking like its
scripted
dialogue did you all know that the main
thing that you want to avoid to be a
good writer you know some one that
people will pay attention to is your
writing have has to just be clearly
unscripted you know something that a
real person would say
if you listen to the tape as I did and
you're a professional writer you will
see right away it's
scripted so it doesn't mean it's not
true that that's a whole different
conversation it could be that the
principles wanted to get it on tape so
that it would be you know believed or
something in Future Days it might have
been a protection thing maybe they were
protecting their own lives by you having
a tape that would be embarrassing to JFK
or to LBJ
so I do think everything about it was
real except that it was in my opinion
very obviously scripted so as a
professional writer that was
professionally scripted do you know do
you want know what the tell is the tell
is how perfect it was and how often they
put the person's name in the middle of a
sentence so you'd know that who was
talking that that was a little over the
top it so go like hello Saul I hope
you're having a good
day well thank you for that input Saul
it's good that we have these I'm making
that up but you can see how stilted it
is here here's what our real people talk
oh man I I got this thing what uh
yeah I got a thing and then the other
one talks over him then he asks a
question and then you you you Circle it
back and you you apologize for saying it
wrong and you correct your words that's
what real conversation looks like this
was not
that it was pretty far from natural
conversation now I'd like a second
opinion and remember I'm not doubting
the veracity of the underlying claim I
wouldn't know one way or the other I'm
just saying it's
scripted might be true but it would be
scripted um if if there are other
professional writers who write dialogue
specifically I'd love to get an opinion
on
that uh SpaceX is going to launch two
unmanned lunar missions so that I guess
there are two Rovers and those Rovers
will be going around on Mars not not
Mars on the
moon so Elon Musk is lo launching two
probes into my
moon ouch
um so that's fun I I really like having
a Rover on the moon
I'm pretty much Rover fascinated I'll
watch whatever that Rover does and takes
takes pictures of um the December uh
inflation was 2.9 they expected it to be
2.9 so the good news is it's not going
up quickly but of course the the
Baseline of our costs are all basically
unaffordable so yeah unless it goes down
it's not helping at all
just staying where you expected it used
to be good news not
anymore uh while Trump has announced the
formation of the what he calls the
external Revenue Service so instead of
collecting money for the government from
internal citizens he's going to find
ways to charge other companies or
countries for stuff so it would include
uh any money collected from
tariffs which you might say uh that
comes from American
companies that's the opposite of
external you would be
right but if if it's part of the if it's
part of the
negotiations you where where we're going
to use tariffs as a weapon using tariffs
as a weapon is going to be a whole lot
more convincing if we've got an entire
department who's dedicated to using that
weapon and and and collecting the money
from it um so here's what I think is
coming it has not been in any way
explicitly announced but let me tell you
what's inevitably coming we're going to
have such a budget problem that Trump
being Trump is going to do the smart
thing that nobody's done before and it's
basically a mafia play because we've got
the biggest military and you say to the
small countries that have have had a
free ride because your military protects
them basically it be be a shame if
something happened to your little
country well nothing's going to happen
to us we're part of NATO and you know
nobody would attack this Hemisphere and
you know you don't have to worry you
well that's only because we're
protecting you right right right what if
we stopped what what if we stopped
protecting you why would you do that
it's
expensive but you're not actually
sending any military here you're just
saying that if something happened you
would send military here so other
countries will stay away from let's say
South
America and then Trump
says right yeah that's that's the way
it's been it's not the way it's going to
be because if you want a little military
protection in advance before you need it
why would that be free when you pay for
insurance you pay for it before the
disaster you don't pay for it after the
war starts that that's not when we're
going to start billing you you pay now
because you're buying an insurance plan
so Trump appears to be setting the
stage for the US
military to be everybody's insurance
plan which means that you would
literally pay for it maybe even based on
your population or something just like
insurance now is that unethical
or is it just a smarter way to organize
a military well if you're another
country let's say you're Costa Rico
Costa Rica has no military unless unless
they formed one recently I don't think
so no military how hard would it be for
a foreign power to take over a country
with no
military easy why is it they don't
try because of the US
military yeah do you think Costa Rica is
paying us a annual payment for all that
protection literally protecting the
whole country no now I think is that
fair no now you could argue that we're
protecting them for our own benefit and
that would be a good argument it's like
oh it's bad for
America if Costa Rica Falls to an
adversary but it's also true we're
protecting them and they're paying
nothing or not enough
so I I think this might have more legs
than you think and once again Trump is
doing that thing that he did with
Greenland until he creates this
department the external Revenue Service
you don't really think it's a thing that
they would charge other companies or
other countries for protection but now
you think it's a thing don't you you
might hate it you might love it but
guess what it's a
thing it's a thing it Trump does this
maybe better than anybody's ever done it
which is making the thing that's not a
thing a thing and then if the if the
cost benefit in a purely objective sense
make sense then the thing can go on on
its own and and become a real thing but
first you have to change the entire
National Consciousness from that's not a
thing to oh that's a thing now we can
talk about it it's brilliant it the I
hate to keep saying things like this
cuz they sound so hyperbolic so so
kissing his ass so you know hero
worshipping I get how it
sounds but I think history is going to
back me on the following statement we've
never seen anything like
this this is a level of
understanding understanding of how
persuasion and and people think that is
so unprecedented that there's nobody
even cloaks I know you want to say oh
Reagan was the great communicator yes
very very good very A+ Reagan this is a
whole different level So Reagan was A+
in junior college you know Trump's
A+ at the India Institute of Technology
which is way which is way more than you
think it is all
right special Council Jack Smith's
report is indicating that Trump would
have been convicted if not elected
that's what everybody's saying
uh is that news I think everybody knew
that didn't everybody know that Trump
would be Trump would go to jail if he
wasn't elected we all knew that did it
help him get elected I hope
so so we live in a
system where if things go
wrong they can just laware somebody into
jail and damn near did it the only thing
that kept Trump on of jail is is an
amazing campaign team his own abilities
which are Transcendent and the fact that
the public said that's a line too
far I I think the public stopped that
entirely I mean by their vote of course
but there was also an implied threat
wasn't
there there was an implied
threat that if half the country watched
their leader be put in
jail the entire social contract was
going to be ripped up
and I think enough people said that that
was
believable um I don't know if it would
be but I but I think it could have been
the entire social
contract if you know what I mean uh
meanwhile James o'keith and his
OMG uh undercover uh video business they
found an adviser to the Joint Chiefs of
Staff so this is a somebody has a high
level adviser a former FBI special agent
and he called himself a Spy Hunter and
and he went on one of these dates in
which he talked too much fake dates so
the undercover person went on the fake
date and recorded him asked him what he
thought about Trump and he said uh
Trump's a sociopathic narcissist who was
only interested in advancing his name
his wealth and his Fame he's had a
lifetime of cheating he's habitually
addicted to lying about himself okay so
the first thing you know is he's
suffering from terminal TDS these are
not the words of a person who's is
working
correctly are is it true that Trump uh
tries to maximize his own gain like
everybody like everybody what was there
some politician who didn't like to see
himself succeed which one was that even
Bernie Sanders was trying to win the
damn
election so watching them try to get
what's good for them the only thing that
matters is was it also good for the
country and what Trump is doing is also
good for the country so there's no real
difference between doing a great job for
the country and doing a great job for
yourself they're exactly the same you
know and and the job is so transparent
that you would literally have to do
illegal things to get out of that model
of what's good for the country ends up
being good for you you have to be
illegal for that not to be true and
we're watching Pretty closely especially
Trump so that's
crazy but then it gets worse um he
apparently was involved in back in
Russia gate times he spent his time uh
looking for all that foreign
interference to explain how Trump got
elected didn't find
any so his TDs is Extreme couldn't even
believe that Trump got elected unless
there must have been for some foreign
interference nope there was foreign
interference it was against Trump
uh the the minor little Russian memes
didn't make any difference everybody
smart knows
that um and then the uh undercover
reporter asked him if there's anything
that he quote could do to protect the
American people from stuff that Trump
might
try and he said quote I'm in
conversation with a couple of retired
generals to try to explore what we can
do so here's a spook who's actually
having conversations with retired
generals we didn't get their
names
uh it looks like he's planning an
Insurrection so it looks like they're
not looking to respond to some specific
thing Trump did but rather just take him
out of office through some kind of you
know undercover mechanism that involves
generals and somebody who's a spy
hunter now I assume he lost his job
immediately
but who knows so that's all we know
about that so beware all the undercover
people who think that they're doing
what's good for the world I think this
guy actually believed he was doing the
right
thing which is scary it's really scary
if he thought that was the right
thing all right the inauguration is
coming up and uh it's been announced a
number of entertainers but the
interesting ones that are non obvious I
mean uh Kid Rock is obvious but the the
Village People said yes now I love that
the Village People said yes not only
because Trump you know Trump basically
made them
Rich because I'm pretty sure he
popularized the song again I don't know
30 years or 40 years after it was an
original
and um since the public in general
assumes that they're all gay and and
that that's actually part of the fun you
know the whole YMCA thing it's kind of a
gay anthem but it's weird that they say
no we're not
gay but to the public it's the gayest
group in the world but not in a bad way
so the beauty of what Trump did was he
wasn't mocking them he was accepting
them exactly as they wanted to be
accepted as really good music that we
like to dance to and it's unusually fun
because it breaks out of that hetero
only you know way of being so you know
even watching Trump enjoy the pleasure
of breaking into of that hetero only you
know you can't act like you're enjoying
that music or something it's wonderful
and uh they're they're paying him back
or maybe paying themselves either way it
works for me by uh taking the chance
they're taking a chance on them I love
that so good job Village
People uh Carrie Underwood is performing
that's the one that surprised me why in
the
world would a really wellestablished uh
singing star want to associate with
Trump if if she hasn't
already uh because isn't that going to
cut her future Revenue in half
forever it might so both the V Village
People and Carrie
Underwood seem to be more of a
indication that he that Trump has been
at least a little bit established as
okay to say you you support them now if
you're getting the if you're getting the
entertainment to people to say that
you've really penetrated a whole new
category because you already got the
tech people saying whoa whoa whoa wait a
minute the fine people hoax wasn't real
so the the tech people have all caught
on that that it was just this major
brainwashing operation so once they
found out it was all brainwashing they
could see all the other brainwashing and
then then their Vision cleared and then
they just made the the rational choice
but uh to get it into the entertainment
world as deeply as Carrie Underwood is
impressive so uh all respect to Carrie
Underwood for taking what is clearly a
risk but if she doesn't get as much push
back as would end her career then I
would say she's part of the solution if
you're trying to unite the
country you're going to need some people
who go first and take the arrows in the
back and this to me seems really brave
for Carrie Underwood I'm very impressed
I've seen her in concert by the way I've
only I've only ever been to a few
concerts in my whole life but
maybe three concerts in my life but she
was one of them it was a good
show Michelle Obama is not coming to the
inauguration but Barack is that would
make two events in recent weeks that
Rock went to and Michelle didn't where
you would expect that normally she would
the other was the cter funeral now
unless she has a medical
problem which I wouldn't rule out just
maybe something she doesn't need to get
into with the public it would suggests
there's marital
problems now there's I I I've heard the
rumors I don't think there's direct
evidence to support that and you never
know what's going on in somebody's
relationship but it's a little hard to
understand weeks
apart you know same thing it's it's sort
of built into what you expect that they
would do as a couple Brock and Michelle
so I would say the possibility of either
a medical situation that doesn't resolve
very quickly which could be very bad and
it might be just that um or there's
something else going on and so there may
be an early signal of that meanwhile
Costco has uh responded to criticisms
about his Dei programs by saying they're
planning to keep
them um so they like their Dei they have
a Dei manager I guess and they're going
to keep their Dei because it's worked
for them they say at Costco Robbie
Starbuck who's the activist who's had
huge success getting companies to
eliminate their Dei uh notes that Costco
is not high on his list because it would
be a hard one and it makes sense to do
the ones you know you can get because it
it creates momentum to get the hard ones
later so so Starbuck is telling us yeah
that's that's not on the top of the list
right now get to that one later
maybe but here's what I want to point
out uh Costco is uh 72% of top Costco
managers were men and 81% were
white let let me remind you that I have
been grossly discriminated in my life
for my G gender and my race you you all
know the stories I worked for a bank
they said I couldn't be promoted because
I was a white male I left I went to the
phone company eventually they said you
can't be promoted because you're a white
male I created a TV show that uh lost
its slot on Monday which ends up you
know being a death it's sort of a death
blow to a show to lose your time slot
because I was a white male and I had a
comic about a white guy and they decided
it was going to be an all
African-American comedy night and of
course I lost my entire uh publishing
and syndication career because I said
something that you would only be
punished for if you're a white
man and people didn't even disagree with
me it it wasn't even like I said
something people didn't disagree with
once they actually heard what it was in
context nobody disagreed I've never
heard a single person disagree with it
but I was canceled worldwide
now here's what you need to know every
one of those who cancelled
me was a white
guy all of them they were all white guys
protecting their own asses because they
knew they were in that position where
there should have been more diversity in
their own job but as long as they could
force people like me who had less power
than them to take the hit they can say
look at all these good things we're
doing we're getting rid of all these
white guys who say things you don't like
we're we're making sure that they can't
be promoted give me an extra bonus
because I've discriminated against white
men so let me say it again in my life
I'm not aware of even one time any black
American or any black person in any
country ever discriminated against me
not once not once have I been
discriminated against by white people
yes a lot a lot and I hate their
guts
so if you had a problem with me because
you're black we have a lot more in
common than you think first of all you
and I never had any problem ever not in
person not professionally not in any way
surprisingly and I know this would be a
surprise to you I didn't lose any black
friends none I only lost white friends
white people discrimina against white
people is an enormous problem
and if you get it wrong and you imagine
that it's the Dei hire
that that are the problem they don't
even get those jobs they don't even get
there until there's already been massive
discrimination by the white people so is
is
the you know is the police chief uh in
La you know who's a lesbian and I guess
three of the top people in the fire
department are lesbians is that an
indication that she's discriminating
against white men well she probably is
but you also have to open the
possibility that people tend to hire
people that they know you know that's
just a that's a worldwide pattern you
know the white CEO is far more likely to
hire just somebody they knew from
another job so that's probably pretty
pretty common anyway so I'm not in favor
of it any of the Dei but just keep it
straight it's white people discriminated
against white people is 95% of the
problem
95% but I love black
Americans uh I hate powerful white
Americans who discriminated against
me um Pete Heth nomination I didn't
watch every bit of it but I saw a lot of
clips and I'm going to say my
God I have to admit that when Pete Heth
was nominated I said to myself what TV
host he he's not even the like top rated
TV host
like what what why does that even make
sense now didn't some of you have that
same reaction when it was first
announced but then I found out more I I
didn't know the degree of his activism
on behalf of the military the soldiers
very impressive um I believe he signed
up
for twice right he was out of the
military briefly and decided to go back
in
right uh that's impressive
he is he's completely dedicated to the
the what he calls the warrior ethos
instead of the Dei you know trying to be
nice to everybody ethos he has got an iv
League education so he understands the
military the people the people on the
ground um he's brilliant because he's
got that college education pretty much
certifies he's smarter than the average
person by a lot and then I heard him
talk
wow when they say he's just a TV host
that's what the critics are saying uh
how about he has one of the best talent
Stacks I've ever
seen because if you if you include you
know his his immersion in the news you
know as a news person you had his talent
for speaking in public you had his ivy
league background you had his really
super relevant military experience and
recently that's like one of the
strongest Talon Stacks I've ever seen
But if you haven't seen yet the meme
there's a meme I I would show it to you
but you'll see it on all over the place
of heg Seth with his head is in the
middle of the meme and he's just sort of
looking you know looking around just
casually and then there's four boxes of
four of the female senators who are
literally yelling at him and they all
play at once while p is just sort of in
the middle
and then you you hear all four of them
talking over each
other and their
faces like rabid dogs except it's it's
like your worst you know your worst
relationship experience if you've ever
been
male now I know you're gonna say Scott
you're being
sexist because you could have put a
bunch of men in that and it would have
looked the same no it wouldn't
no it wouldn't it wouldn't look the same
if you put a bunch of men there it would
look you know maybe some of them are
asking crazy
questions but it wouldn't be the same
wouldn't be the same so as memes go it's
as soon as I saw it I thought to myself
this might be one of the best I've ever
seen because you have to know also that
the context was that um Pete had I think
before he was nominated he said things
about women in combat like him not being
in favor so the women were attacking
mostly about the that and some
accusations about his personal life that
had been
debunked but uh watching him um answer
the
questions so confidently and so clearly
and so perfectly State what he wanted to
do which is you know increase the The
lethality of it and to focus on that and
do the job of the military not not all
the not all the side stuff so well said
so well presented so
confident wow wow now I know that I will
be blamed for you know being all in on
Trump stuff and this sounds like one of
those
times I think this is just just
recognizing
quality that's all it looks like to me
so if the if the Democrats ran somebody
who could do what he did
to basically you know weather this
situation give me a clear statement of
exactly what he wants to do that matches
exactly with with what I want to do well
I would say good things about that
Democrat I I I promise you I would right
I say good things about Federman when
he's good I say good things about AOC
when when her persuasion is WR I don't
like most of the rest but I think I
would I would compliment a democrat in
this situation I just like this game it
was totally
good uh one of the my favorite Parts was
uh Senator Reed ask him what does jag
off mean so Jag refers to the you know
Jag and the military the the legal the
legal group of the
military uh which branch is that just is
that just the Air Force I forget but
it's legal term so so Senator I I guess
at some point uh um Pete must have said
something that used the phrase jag off
like as a insult to the Jag people or
something and so he's asked in public
what does jag off mean Senator Reed
asked
that now think of all the ways that you
could have answered that
wrong Pete just says everybody here
knows what that
means now that was the right
answer everything else was the wrong
answer there's
that was one of those situations where
he clearly had not prepared for it like
who would know that's coming but to give
that that clean an answer that was a
clean answer when you you've never heard
that that shows that he's got a quick
mind and he he can read the room so that
was perfect the people in the room knew
what it meant but uh God I wish I knew
what it
meant so you know the rest of us will
never
know jag off h
any
ideas maybe only the people in the room
knew what you know too okay we all
know all right uh Scott Jennings did a
post where he was talking about the uh
nomination stuff for pth and and all the
characters who were weighing in on it uh
during the questioning and uh Scott
Jennings said they didn't lay a glove on
Heth today why do dem send their dumbest
members to do this to this important
committee now my new nickname for Scott
Jennings is clown
Slayer because his specialty besides
just you know being the best voice on
the Republican side who's on
CNN uh is that he seems to just slay
clowns like the Democrats who just
shouldn't even be in the conversation
and and again not because they're
Democrats they are just legitimately
stupid now are there some legitimately
stupid Republicans I assume so but I
don't feel like they go I don't feel
like they're in front of the the parade
right when when you hear a republican
talking it's like oh Tom Cotton right
even if you disagree brilliant guy oh uh
ran M ran Paul oh well you might
disagree with a few things but brilliant
guy you know Thomas Massie oh might
disagree brilliant guy and you know you
can go that in the line but the the
Democrats do seem to send their
stupidest
people according to Scott Jennings but
now I don't usually disagree with Scott
Jennings so this might be the only time
I ever do I'm not sure that's their
stupidest
people I got bad news for
you it might be their
smartest it might
be I mean you tell me which one's the
smart SM
one yeah you tell
me yeah not much difference and then Tim
Kane uh was prominent but Tim Kane
looked like a the pointy here boss from
Dilbert except more gay so he looked
like the gay pointy horde boss now as
far as I know he's identifies as hro but
uh presents as a pointy here at gay
guy so that was fun I couldn't I
couldn't get my eyes off
it so and again if you know me well
enough you know that I never insult the
lgbtq community because I think they're
amazing uh the success they've had in
the United States reputationally
economically socially is just one of the
most impressive things I've ever
seen meanwhile over in South Korea I was
trying to ignore this because I thought
the story would go away but uh the
ex-president the one who was removed by
impeachment his name is uh uh
yuk
yal y n middle name
s last name ye o l now you might not
recognize that as a South Korean
president name but you might be confused
because it's also how a southern man in
the United States insults
somebody same
thing what you don't see it right so in
Korea he would be called
yunak and if it were an insult from a
southern gentleman it would be you suck
y'all you suck y'all as opposed to you
suck
y'all same thing anyway he uh he had
been impeached and they wanted to arrest
him but he used his own uh uh his
government security to prevent him from
being arrested
so he went into his little very well
protected compound and when they send
authorities to arrest him his own
security which is paid by the government
said nope we we protect him until that
job changes you're not arresting
anybody which I which I I really
respected now they came back with 1100
people so then the security force was so
outnumbered that quite reasonably they
knew that the smart thing to do was to
stand down than they did so he's
arrested uh he was a conservative he was
arrested by something more liberal on
the left uh there's some Insurrection
charges does any of this sound familiar
to you huh impeached Insurrection he's
the
conservative sound
familiar do you think we were behind
this do you think the United States may
have backed this I don't know
I do not
know but uh certainly suspect it all
right there's a little bit more in the
Palisades fire I know you're all tired
of it and if you're not a Californian
this may not be too important to you but
I remind you that California's economy
is bigger than 35 of the other states
put together and if California gets a
cold or what is it if California sneezes
the whole country is going to get a cold
so if you think this doesn't affect you
just wait it will it's going to affect
you I mean it affects everybody in
California whether you're in the fire
zone or not so we're all you know
there's a lot you haven't heard about
but we're all
struggling so things are not easy right
now for anybody and and that includes
people who have some extra resources uh
everybody's in a position they haven't
been in before so that the amount of
pressure on everybody is through the
roof and I don't know if you can fully
appreciate that if unless you've been
near a near one of these yourself but
here are some of the things we're
learning now that should bother you um
according to Rich McHugh from news
Nation there is video proof that there
was no response to from the fire
department to the Pacific Palisades fire
45 minutes after it was first
reported now I think that they can tell
that by some uh V video security from
one of the houses that was near the fire
and may may have been involved in
reporting it so I don't know if that's
confirmed because I've heard other
stories that the fire department did as
well as you'd
expect but that's out there so that I'm
going to call that
in uh an
allegation because I'll bet you if you
ask the fire department they'd say
something different so until I hear the
other story I'll just put a pin on that
one but there is some concern that they
didn't mobilize in Time Michael
shellenberger
um talks about uh some of the failures
and he had a good list that I'll
summarize for you uh first of all here's
a here's a take from Joel Pollock and
Breitbart uh Joel and by the way you
should be following Joel Pollock if you
have any interest whatsoever in the fire
because he's the only person the only
one who is a local and a you know a
national reporter and is working
full-time to make sure that people
understand what's going on and uh so
he's he's doing more than well I I don't
want to get too much into the details
but um we're gonna we're gonna owe him a
we're gonna owe him a lot when he's done
we're GNA owe him a lot a lot of people
are going to owe him a lot
um so he says that uh in La due to
budget budget cuts
that uh the fire department was not um
deployed wait do I have this wrong this
may have been sheld andberg or too so
there's some there some thought that uh
from some of the smartest people who
were watching that what should happen as
soon as there's a long-term weather
forecast and I didn't know this by the
way that what La should have done and
what would have been actually normal is
as soon as they had the forecast as said
wait a minute
we're going to have no rain and we're
going to have these winds and we know
there are all kinds of ignition
possibilities so in that condition what
you don't do is wait for a fire normally
that's the fire department's job is to
wait for a fire and respond in this case
you know there's a fire multiple so they
can know with complete certainty there
will be multiple gigantic fires what did
they do in advance
well not enough here's what they should
have done they should have put a truck
or two everywhere there was likely to be
an ignition and they know from history
what places are more likely so that they
could have gotten really quickly at
least with one truck to anything that
just flared up now that's a big
difference from what
happened so that didn't happen now why
didn't it happen well one of the reasons
is budget cuts one of the reasons is uh
a bunch of people got let go at some
point because they didn't get vaccinated
a bunch of it is like a hundred trucks
were in for repair probably also a
budget thing so between the budgets and
the bad management they had completely
eliminated their ability to do normal
stuff and normal in this case would have
been to have enough trucks and people to
predeployment is
the biggest in the end I think that's
going to be the biggest
thing um there's reporting that the fire
department did not know that the
reservoir had been drained but the
reservoir had been drained for 9 years
if the firemen if the fire department
didn't know that their main source of
water at least for that one area had
disappeared after N9 years it wasn't
anybody so I'm going to say I doubt the
reporting
that the fire department was not aware
it might be true that they were not
officially informed but not
aware a whole Reservoir didn't have
water and it was one of their main main
water sources for a place that certainly
was going to catch on fire it's not like
it maybe will catch on fire it was
certainly they didn't have anything in
the air that noticed there was no
resident who pointed it
out I don't know I'm not not sure I
believe that they didn't
know um
let's
see what else they should and of course
they should have have water sources that
were near the fires um they should have
required more clearing of bushes and
bushes and debris I think that might
have been a budget cut issue but the
Canyons were just filled with trees and
debris I don't know how much you can
clean a
canyon like can you really do that can
you remove the fire debris sufficiently
from a Canyon that it makes that much
difference I'm going to say yes because
the experts are saying so but I don't
know if that's really that much of a
thing um let's see the state or County
could have spent $50 million and had a
bunch of trucks maybe not the best ones
they could have be used ones or
lower-end ones but they could be staged
near the fire and that would make a big
difference um the number of calls that
the LA firefighters Mak in a year has
tripled over the last 30 years while the
Staffing is declined by a third so
clearly they did not you know some of it
is that the you number of homeless has
gone through the roof um anyway a lot of
this came I read this in PJ
media speaking of PJ
media uh they report that uh the
beginnings of what might be a recall
effort against Nome and the mayor bass
uh
so I don't know if uh that's going to
happen but they're about 17 yesterday
when I checked the Palisades fire were
only 177%
contained um but seemed like the other
fires were definitely getting under
control but not that that
one uh and there'll be new winds
whipping things up so I don't know if
anybody's going to get recalled some
smart people say Gavin Newsome will come
through a fine just by blaming Karen
bass for everything
and that might not be far off you know
honestly I don't think uh Nome should
keep his job for a variety of reasons
but I don't know if this specifically
was his fault you know the the fact that
he said some things that you didn't like
and you know acted like a clown I don't
know if it made anything worse but Karen
bass has some explaining to
do um one of the things Gavin's
done or I don't know if this is state or
this is local this might be
local but there are there's a you can't
do price gouging because that's you know
it's bad if you're price gouging but on
the other hand um it's kind of
impossible for the displaced people to
find any place to live unless new places
become available that weren't available
before so in other words
no nobody's going to make anything
available unless they already made it
available so if the economics and
incentives were there before the fire to
have a rental well maybe that's still
there but if you want somebody to open
up that you know the the in-law room
that you know used to have Grandma but
she died they weren't planning on
renting so if you want them to rent
maybe they're going to charge more than
the market rate because they're saying
oh well I can help somebody and I
wouldn't want to rent it but if somebody
wants to pay a little more or even a lot
more why would I stop them so you you've
got the economics of a free market and
the availability that is driven by
economics fighting against the we don't
want to have price
gouging and those two compete you kind
of have to pick one um I think the smart
economics in this particular case is to
let the price scouching happen and let
competition erase it so imagine if you
will that um somebody says hey uh the
rent here is double because you have so
few options what's that going to do to
your neighbor your neighbor is going to
say how much did you get they paid that
much rent whoa I'll try it
too now you've got competition then the
next person who says well I'll try it
too they can't get a a
renter um unless they lower the price so
they're competing with the other they're
going to compete with the other rentals
so
competition should make a temporary
spike in rents that is completely
unconscionable you know like people just
actually just abusing the the people who
have already been abused by the fire
itself that will definitely happen in a
free market but it's also the only
way you get real places that are
available and everybody's happy with the
price there's no other way to get there
the government can't get you there so
it's a tough choice and one understands
the impulse to limit
gouging but uh it's worse than you
think so um if you were to look at the
price of a house in La let's say you you
own a house and you wanted to say oh I
was thinking of moving and maybe I can
rent out my house I'm leaving
behind if you buy a house in California
bedroom house down there in LA in that
in that zip code 90402 would be about
$2.85
million um which means that the pay if
you bought it you'd be paying 20,000 a
month on your
mortgage what do you think you could
charge in
rent in that three-bedroom house do you
think you can get enough to pay your
$20,000 a month
mortgage
nope you you know I think the rental
will be I'm just
guessing 6,000 a month so there's no
economic way the the the the economics
just don't work so unless something was
already rental and has been for a long
time or you've owned your house and you
paid off the mortgage and you don't want
to sell it it doesn't work to rent I
remember when people used to say Scott
you've got a little extra money why
don't you buy some property and turn
them into rentals to which I say that's
not a thing there there's nothing I
could buy that wouldn't be more
expensive for me to own than compared to
what I could get the only special cases
you can do that where there's some weird
thing that got you a deal or you've
already paid it off or
something meanwhile over on CNN uh
somebody named Aisha Mills Democrat
strategy strategist she's a black woman
which is important to the story and I
think she was complaining about Trump
once saying that there were a lot of bad
genes among the
migrants now if you know how language
works and you interpret Trump correctly
a lot of bad genes means they're a lot
of criminals and if their genes are bad
as opposed to society is giving them a
bad start then there's nothing you can
do about it and the only thing you
should do to keep out people with bad
genes criminals is to not let them in in
the first place so that's how I take it
but apparently Aisha and some of the
Democrats have taken that as racism oh
are you saying that everybody who comes
across the border has bad genes no he
didn't say that oh you're saying that on
average they have worse genes than white
people no he did not say that what he
said was a lot of bad genes a lot is not
all of them Allah is too many how many
people who are just
going to be committing crimes you know
in America we already have people who do
like all the crimes right some tiny
amount of people do all the crimes do
you think that they're genetically the
same as the people who are the same
demographic as them I don't think so you
show me the black guy who's got like 25
convictions and then compare them to you
know your your black friend in the
cubicle next to you do they have the
same genes no they have different genes
the what whatever is causing the 25
crimes in a row situation is not what's
happening to Bob and the cubicle next to
you so to imagine that that's a
statement about the demographic
group it's just
weird like who who would take it that
way you'd have to you'd have to
aggressively want to interpret it wrong
to to get to all the ways she got but
anyway so during that conversation there
was a bald white guy whose name I can't
remember but he does a pretty good job
of supporting the Trump side of things
and she said to him on the air quote I'm
not going to be lectured by some white
man who has no idea what he's talking
about now suppose a white man said that
about
her let's just reverse it because both
of the characters on CNN are presumably
very successful professionals you know
they they've got high-end jobs like
really high-end so we we can treat them
as you know not like one is the
oppressor and one's the victim they're
they're both in a good good shape
compared to the average person in
society do you think that if the man
she'd been talking to a white man had
said I'm not going to be lectured by
some black woman who has no idea what
she's talking about how long would that
guy
last as a guest on that show that would
be the end of it they probably would
just go to Commercial and say all right
you're not invited back and I think the
host would say you're never coming back
we don't do that
here she should have said the same thing
the other way we don't do that here yeah
don't do that now even if that's the
only thing that happened I'd be totally
happy uh what was the host the host was
Aaron I'm forgetting your last name but
uh man you know I didn't see what
happened after but if but if she didn't
say we have some standards that that's
beyond our standard if you want to be
invited back that's that's that's not
working that's all I wanted I I just
wanted a little bit of push back I'm not
asking for jail I'm not even asking that
she'd not be invited back I just need
that just that just a recognition that
that's not
acceptable anyway uh guess fiser has
this lawsuit coming against them for
anti-white
discrimination uh Greg Piper is writing
about that in just the news and there
was some challenge to that and that got
passed so that lawsuit will go forward
so
fizer going to have a little bit more to
worry
about over at
MSNBC uh the head of the network Rashida
Jones is stepping down now that's a
weird phrase isn't it stepping down
don't does what does that sound
like stepping
down isn't she moving sideways because
she said she's got other you know she
wants to work on other stuff so why is
that
down maybe the other stuff is better
isn't that up anyway it was a weird
choice of words
um but she's being replaced at least
temporarily with a of course I checked a
white woman and I said to myself
hm replaced with a white woman now I
don't see an indication that the white
woman is a
lesbian and so is that diverse enough
for MSNBC you know women are good they
they like women but I think they like
women who you know if you're going to be
in prime time you got to be little extra
a woman in black a woman and gay you
know lesbian so I don't know it was a
white woman and so I was first thinking
I don't know I don't think they've
they've nailed that cuz it's a white
woman and she just doesn't seem on
entirely on
brand uh but then I saw what iear she
was wearing her glasses and then I
understood let me explain it to you
without showing you the
glasses you know if somebody walks
around the corner you make an instant
judgment If somebody walks around the
corner with glasses like mine I'm hoping
they say oh there's a guy with glasses
and that's it right but I'm just going
to tell you what would happen if the new
head of
MSNBC which again might be temporary U
if you saw her coming around the corner
you would instantly see her glasses the
the type in style and you would say to
yourself oh
God so if you haven't looked her up yet
do this and have a good laugh just go
look at what glasses she's wearing and
then ask you yourself what you would do
if she walked around the corner in any
context any context she walks around the
corner and you look at her and you go
just the glasses oh
God check it out you'll think it's funny
anyway Hamas says they reached a deal
with Israel to release a third of the
hostages um there's some people who say
that didn't happen I don't know
maybe but I'm wondering if Israel is
figured out the ultimate prisoner
exchange so as I understand it Israel
typically will give up lots of people
for every one person that they get in
return so it might be 50 to1 10 to1 so
there going to be a whole bunch of
people that Israel thinks belong in jail
that that would be returned and is my
first impression was how's that right I
mean you can all those down you know it
seems like you're just making it worse
there's the picture yeah
uh um but I wonder if Israel is so
clever that they're going to return all
the hostages to the war zone so they can
kill them more effectively later so it'd
be better to kill them than to keep them
in jail so it feels like they're going
to get their prisoners back and take
them to a safe place but the ones that
they wanted to keep in prison are
probably the ones who want to go back to
the war zone which is probably exactly
where Israel wants them to be so they
can kill them
I feel like Israel just found a way to
kill their prisoners they just have to
do it
indirectly stage one we'll release them
stage two we'll put them back in in the
Gaza where they want to go stage
three
goodbye all right I'm going to close
with I'm going to I'm going to throw in
a bad
idea okay now the way I do this is that
the bad idea the purpose of it is to to
make you think of a better idea so this
is to make you think differently it's
not that I necessarily think this is a
good idea because there may be some
hidden problems Etc and here what it's a
idea for
Doge so right now people pay 6 and a
half% on their salary to Social Security
so my idea is to make that go away that
goes to zero so everybody who has a
salary gets this instant 65% raise which
is more than
65% because well 6 and half% raise um so
that would uh that would give everybody
some extra cash so they would be able to
spend a little bit more but how do you
fund retirement well here's the bad idea
right remember I'm I'm calling it a bad
idea but I don't know why so you'll tell
me why it's bad because I'm I'm pretty
sure it's bad but uh if you look at at
the total value of the Fortune 500 uh
you know the total capitalization it's
um value if you added up all the stock
basically it'd be over $50
trillion if you were to say we've got to
cover $1.3 trillion in Social Security
payments at the moment and
growing um how much of that stock would
you have to effectively tax um to pay
for it so imagine if instead of anybody
paying anything that for several years
that you know maybe up to 10 5 to 10
years suppose that we keep the old
system in place where we'll while we're
building up a new system and the new
system would look like this once a year
every company in the Fortune 500 has to
print some new stock which would dilute
their existing shareholders a little bit
uh and 2 and a half% of their Capital
value
would go to a fund that would be for
everybody's
retirement now what you're saying is
Scott you're just taking a tax away from
the citizens and their paychecks and
you're just giving it to their
employers
so you know doesn't it end up the same
no I'm not giving it to their employers
I'm giving I'm I'm taxing the
stockholders and if you own a lot of
stock in the Fortune of 500 nobody feels
sorry for you so it's automatically uh
you know a progressive tax the people
who own the most assets would be hit the
hardest but since the stock market goes
up 8% a year or more um you know the it
sort sort of still is okay now you ask
yourself but Scott people nobody's going
to invest in the Fortune 500 which is
the biggest investment vehicle right now
because you're degrading the return to
which I say
no The Fortune 500 is 25% better than
all the Alternatives all it does is make
them equal and if you wanted to do
what's easy and
safe you'd buy that you know which is
what I do I have most of my money is in
the Fortune
500 so on one hand it's a transfer of a
dollar for a dollar from one part of
society to another so it's from the
people who need to buy buy things to the
people who add extra money and put it in
the stock
market so the first thing is the people
who are the employees have extra money
so they spend more who is the main
beneficiary of employees having more
money to spend it's the Fortune 500 so
the Fortune 500 could potentially put 2
and a half% well dilute its dilute its
value to add the Y add some stock and
it'd be 2% 2 and a half% pay it every
year but the economy would be so
Juiced that their profits would probably
go up to and a half
percent you know or something
compensating amount so if you if you tax
the people who don't have money the
result is people spend less that's bad
for the Fortune 500 if you let them
spend more they're they're happier
because they're buying stuff they need
and the 500 has a massive amount 1
trillion extra spending that just didn't
exist so my question is
this is that better because from the
government's perspective there would be
kind of out of the business of Social
Security they might be still managing
the payments and stuff like that and you
know policing it but it wouldn't be part
of the
budget so it wouldn't be something you
paid and it wouldn't be something that
the government took from your salary and
gave to the retirement now it have to be
adjusted for the fact that there are
more retire and everything else but my
main question is
this if if you look at all the pluses
and minuses it's the same amount of
money that goes to the retirees but
since the the stock you
collect would especially if you built up
you know 5 to 10 years of these
collections the stock you collect
would go up on its own and you're not
giving it out the same day that you're
getting it with with so you would have
the possibility that if you collected
you
know a few trillion the several trillion
could sit there gaining just as things
gain and then you're you're basically
keeping up with inflation and better so
I do not claim that I've I've thought of
everything and these are all good ideas
is this is more of a bu Greenland
idea so you see what I'm doing this is a
bu Greenland this is the external re
Revenue Service this it's the same
persuasion first I'm going to make you
think well maybe it's a
thing and then you'll say what are the
pluses and the minuses and then we'll
have a productive conversation
eventually smarter people will get
involved smart a lot smarter than me and
then they'll decide if that's good or
bad but you're not going to have that
conversation and it won't remind you of
a better one unless you first say huh I
wonder if that's a thing is that a thing
and it could be that you know it turns
into some hybrid where you get stuck
sometimes instead of payments maybe you
can opt in that sort of thing who knows
but
first just imagine that it's a thing
that you could get rid of the Social
Security tax and you might do something
that's some kind of an equivalent with
the Fortune 500 oh here's the here's the
part I forgot to tell you that's
actually very important do you know why
companies like to get into Fortune
500 it's because their stock goes up
once you're in the 500 you have an
enduring systemic advantage over
everybody who's not in the top 500
because the big um funds all by the top
500 so the moment your stock goes in
into
it every stock index fund buys that and
your price goes up in theory so why does
the 500 and first company get none of
that benefit is that fair so taxing the
Fortune 500 you're basically taking from
them only the unfair Advantage they get
by being in the top
500 so do Democrats hate that no we all
kind of hate that the elites have
special privileges we don't being in the
top 500 is a special privilege for a
company it's not like other things so if
the only thing you're doing is modifying
this special privilege so it's a little
closer to other companies that doesn't
feel
unfair and especially since the Fortune
500 gets the most benefit from anything
that gooses the economy in a legitimate
way so it's surprisingly a surprisingly
robust idea isn't it I don't think I've
got the the math right and I've probably
forgotten some things but the funny part
is it's not
instantly it's not instantly
rejectable doesn't mean it's good I
would be very surprised if if it's a
clean good idea but I I added to the mix
trying to be helpful now I remind
you one of the superpowers I claim to
hold uh is resistance to EMB
embarrassment so do you think I would
bring this
up unless I had almost complete
resistance to embarrassment
nope nope because I'm probably five
minutes away from somebody saying ah you
idiot uh you forgot X and then I'm going
to say oh man you're right I totally
forgot X will I be embarrassed not even
a little so so I can I can add this to
the collective
thinking with the thinking that you know
maybe it Sparks somebody's better idea
you know maybe it just makes it look
possible and I don't worry about the
embarrassment that's just free there's
no risk to me so learn to be not
embarrassed and you will be much better
value to the people around you that's
all I got for you today I'm going to say
hi to the locals people privately in 30
seconds the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow and enjoy your day
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e