yes I'll put on my microphone and I'll
give out my notes and I will be ready to
present to you coffee with Scott Adams
and the thoughts of the day the news and
the beginning of the best day you've had
since yesterday yeah today is gonna be
uh it's gonna be a doozy it really is
and before we get started you know you
need you need a cup or a mug or a glass
of thank your Chancellor Stein a canteen
Jagger flask a festival of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
what the hell just imagine this is my
coffee and that I didn't forget my
coffee cup downstairs you're gonna have
to use your imagination okay but it's
the dopamine hill of the day it's the
best part of the day it's the
simultaneous sip works with any beverage
it happens now go that might be the
first time I've forgotten have my coffee
cup with me well that's just because
there are so many things happening how
many of you had elk as the statue that
would be destroyed next in the statue
Deadpool did anybody guess elk because
somebody said a statue of an elk on fire
it was obviously a way supremacist elk
so in a way it had it comin as things
were you know as things continue into
more and more ridiculous territory I
think we can see that maybe things were
not what you thought they were you know
what I mean
all right I've decided that if you were
to write this summary of the year 2020
you could do it with one sentence here
it gave us the one sentence is
summarizes 2020
we measure we measured everything the
wrong way is it my imagination or are
something like 90 percent of the
problems we've had in 2020 all around
the same problem that we don't have to
compare things we don't have know how to
measure things we don't have the right
data we don't have the study things it
feels like a lot of this is self-imposed
you know meaning that a lot of the
things that are making us a unhappy or
just because we don't know how to do
math and compare things and and measure
things so look for that I one of my
favorite things to do is watch CNN for
what I call contempt two-faced now those
of you listening will miss the magic of
this next segment but if you notice
there's a face they make unsee it end
that you don't see on Fox News let me do
an impression of somebody on Fox News
both opinion and news people reading the
news blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah
here's the news all right did you see
that nothing weird going on with my face
now watch every CNN host or opinion
person talking about President Trump
with contempt face and it goes like this
and it really it doesn't even matter the
topic so I'll make up a topic let's say
President Trump said that racism is bad
right you figure well most people are
gonna agree with that even see with CNN
but no they can turn anything into a
negative with contempt face watch watch
me do it now and the president he is
claiming that the racism is bad I
clearly he doesn't mean it
and
you see what I mean Oh contempt face now
you can turn no story at all into a CNN
feature just with contempt face you just
have to add the contemptible face like
oh I'm so confused and and I hate it and
what's going on here and I see it from
another world I died just don't know
ai ai ai ai ai can't even perform a
sentence my contempt faces take it over
my brain well enough of that people have
questioned me lately because I've said
two things that sound contradictory and
they do sound contradictory so I'm going
to clarify I've said that in the
corporate setting the strategies are
 and they are and the corporate
world the person at the beating who says
what's our strategy is usually just the
dumbest person in the meeting and
companies have largely given up on the
whole strategy thing because there's
just a lot of things you need to do
right that's it is it a strategy for
Amazon to be in the package shipping
business or I mean you know delivering
products well it turns out they're just
describing what you do doesn't really
turn it into a strategy nor does it
account if you have a strategy in the
corporate world nor does it account for
changes and opportunity so your strategy
might be we're going to make the
highest-quality product and that's your
strategy how long does that last it
lasts until somebody else makes a better
high-quality product and you can't
compete then what do you do you say well
you know what do we have going for us oh
well we can make a cheap product and we
can make a lot of them so people will
change their strategy in the corporate
world to whatever is the best
opportunity at the time so strategy
doesn't make as much sense but in your
personal life that's where strategy
the things that you specifically are
doing you can have a strategy so the
strategy would be for example go to
college strategy would be stay on the
jail strategy would be be nice to people
and hope that they return the favor the
strategy might be to have systems
instead of goals strategy might be to
build your talent stack a strategy might
be contacting people to network on a
regular basis so in your personal life
whether you call it a strategy or a
system or whatever words you want it's
really good to have in the corporate
world it just evolves into jargon and it
changes on a whim but will it ever be a
bad idea to improve your talent stack no
it'll never be a bad idea will it ever
be a bad idea to increase your network
nope no there's nothing that could
happen that would make that a bad idea
but in the business world there's so
much happening that can change what your
priorities are that as strategy just
makes less sense and in a practical
world if you you know in a practical
sense if you put five people in a room
they won't agree with the strategy is
anyway so in the corporate world they
can't agree with the strategy is but if
it's you personally you just pick one
and go you know nobody's going to come
argue with you about your strategy so it
turns out that Joe Biden is getting a
very wide lead with the people over 65
and I was looking at some anecdotal
stuff it's hard to tell anything from
anecdotal but they they seem to blame
the president for the coronavirus
I saw CNN interview one elderly
gentleman a retired banker who said the
you know the only the only good thing
Trump's done for the economy is juice
the stock market and even that's low now
and I thought to myself I don't think
he's looked at the stock market lately
cuz it's looking kind of strong at the
moment so old people do not make
decisions based on data
and nobody else does either but the old
people might be a little extra you know
not connected depending on how old
they're so here's the thing that is not
factored into any of the polls at the
moment the only thing that moves old
people is fear if they're not afraid
then they get to make their decisions
based on their complete lack of
information which is normal if they're
afraid then that will do whatever they
can to limit their fear now the thing
that senior citizens are most afraid of
is losing what they have yeah they're
they're a little less concerned with
getting new stuff you know that at least
the ones who vote then they are about
losing what they have so that's the fear
that senior citizens have which is I
can't I can't go back to work whatever I
have is gonna have to be good enough I
can't give any of that away so you could
scare senior citizens into thinking they
will lose their stuff what would it take
to scare senior citizens back to Trump
just lots of information about the
protesters just lots of information
about what the left actually looks like
and what they want to do it's plenty
scary you don't have to add anything
so we'll see we'll see if that happens
so remember I made a suggestion that for
the sports that don't have live audience
and it will see a bunch of them while
there's a coronavirus I said they should
have some kind of technology where
people could hear the people watching at
home cheering it turns out that exists
it turns out that there's an app or I
think it's a website app basically
called hero live and hero is spelled the
way you hear H e AR with an O on the end
dot live
apparently they're already doing
business for ESPN and something else so
is very reason that the NBA for example
couldn't just say hey everybody watching
this game if you use this app you could
all be sort of talking to each other by
your phone so you would hear the
cheering but it would come out of your
phone or your mobile device not out of
your television but it would be a
real-time because you would be connected
to the people who are watching the same
event at the same time so that exists
it's called here o dot live hero2 I've
and I know that because the company
contacted me to tell me I don't have any
connection to them all right here's my
suggestion for improving the economy and
making this robot proof
are you ready goes like this here's
something you don't know so I'll give
you some information and then complete
this story many of you know I bought an
electronic bike meaning it has a battery
in it and it assists your pedaling so
you still have to pedal you can't drive
it without pedaling but the bike just
makes you feel like you have a
superpower now when I try to explain to
people what that feels like because the
way things feel really determine how
things go right it's not our common
sense it's not our data it's the way
things feel and I'm gonna tell you the
way an e-bike feels compared to a
regular bike is day and night you can't
even compare them the feeling of being
on a regular bicycle hold that in your
mind almost there all of you have been
on a regular bicycle it's pretty good
isn't it don't you kind of like riding a
bike I mean if there are no Hills you're
just it's a nice day and you're on a
bike it's a really good feeling now I'm
gonna give you an analogy to make you
understand how much better it feels to
be on a knee bike because if you don't
get how much better if fee
the rest of the idea will will now hold
together so I got to transmit to you the
feeling goes like this
imagine if everything in the world was
exactly the way it is the only changes
that you personally have an 80%
reduction in gravity just you everything
else in the world is the same gravity
but for magic reasons you personally
don't have the same amount of gravity so
you can jump 20 feet in the air and when
you come down you don't even get hurt
because you only weigh 20% as much as
you would have and your muscles are all
the same so it's easy now imagine a
world in which you can run around and
interact with the world everybody else
is on regular gravity but you're at 20%
gravity you can jump from things you
could jump up on a Ledge if you saw if
you saw something you know way above you
you could just jump up like a cat jumps
up on a counter you could run with you
know like 20 foot leaps imagine what
that would feel like if you didn't have
gravity just on you in a world where
everybody else has gravity it would feel
amazing that's what an e-bike feels like
I've never had a physical activity this
addicting the feeling you have of being
extra strong on your bicycle because the
battery is sort of just helping you out
there that feeling is really addictive
and it doesn't feel like a regular bike
with a little extra it's a whole new
experience so just in the same way that
you know if you're let's say you're a
distance runner and you really like it
and it feels good and you get the you
get all that and that I told you you
could run 50% faster tomorrow it would
be a really a kick wouldn't it imagine
just being over on 50% faster so that's
what any bike feels like you can't
compare it and it's really addicting now
here's the idea the cost of Ibaka ebikes
will continue to plunge because the big
cost
in the battery and battery costs are
dropping fast actually I don't even know
if the big cost is the battery but the
cost will drop as the popularity
increases if you try to buy an e-bike
it's already hard to find most bike
shops have them but most of them are
sold out and I told I'm told some of you
this story about when I test drove it at
the bike place the guy said alright
here's you know just take it out in the
parking lot it was a really big parking
lot you know just drive around and see
what you think I got a new bike and I
took it 50 feet and then I turned around
and drove back 50 feet right I just sort
of drove to the end straight ahead
drove back and he said what do you think
and I said I said to him the bicycle
salesman has anybody ever ridden an e
bike and then not bought it and he
laughed he said there's something called
the ebike smile that after somebody does
a test run they come back and I can't
get this smile off their face because
they're they're experiencing almost a
drug rush it's so cool and they said
yeah they basically if you can afford it
and you do a test ride you leave with
the bike that's it you said basically
you just leave on the bike I left with
the bike 50 feet sold me on that Franco
freaking thing so here's the thing still
way too expensive for normal use but
prices will come down fast here's what
we should do we should build a national
bike path that gets to all the good
stuff in America
now of course seasons matter so you
couldn't use it all year everywhere but
imagine if you will a major effort to
build really good bike paths that are a
combination of there might be you need a
bridge a tunnel you need to connect some
things there are already a lot of bike
paths but you want to get them off of
the road because the roads just a
terrible place for a bike it's just no
fun so even as good as the bike is if
I'm in heavy traffic even in a bike lane
that's not much fun you need sort of
your own you know bike
now why is this such a good idea because
it's the type of job that you can learn
to do which is building a bike path and
all the things associated with that that
you would suck up a lot of labor it
would be Universal because there's no
place you wouldn't want to do it the
government could say that will pay for
it will train you get people working and
then here's the killer part how are you
going to build a country that's safe
from the age of robots when everybody
loses their jobs and the answer is I
think we have to become a tourist
destination country the best one the
United States with a bike path across
the entire country would first of all
make it possible for anybody to have a
vacation because you could just get on
your bike say alright or rent a bike it
would probably be as much rental as it
would ownership so you just rent a bike
going going a hundred miles on a knee
bike is actually trivial you can go a
hundred miles on a knee bike and you
just enjoy the ride you're not you
wouldn't even necessarily be tired at
the other end depending on the hills you
do have to pedal a little bit on the
hills but it's easy so if these are the
types of jobs that if you built a
network of bike paths you would need
lots of support all along the network
you and need lots of bike repair places
kind of a job that people can get into
young you would need lots of food and
water and and other resources for bikes
all the way and you would build
basically a recessed ination that
anybody from another country could come
over to any part of the country and then
use their ebikes to get to a huge circle
of places without transportation
problems hey people say it's a good idea
that's the first time but I've seen so
many people like my wild ideas alright
enough on that so think about that for a
little bit so here's a little update for
you
I've told you sometimes I play
and things years in advance so sometimes
I'll set up a situation that can't pay
off for five or ten years very typical
in my life I've done that and one of the
times I did that was with this book
which many of you know had it failed
almost everything and still win big when
I wrote this book which was full of full
of useful framing shall we say about how
to have systems instead of goals and
have a stack your talents and basically
how to organize your life in life a
strategy if you will a whole bunch of
things that if you said all right I'll
take these parts and build myself a
system that you would come out ahead and
the thing that I planned in advance on
this one is that there would be
something like a five-year lag between
the time that's the first people read it
because usually a lot of people read it
when it's new but not a lot of people
read a book after it's been out for a
while right so you get mostly readers
upfront and I knew that when people read
this that I would get not a number one
bestseller because I'm a cartoonist
giving people a book that's outside my
realm and generally that's a hard sell
and so when I wrote this I said to
myself all right it's 2013 when this is
going to come out and somewhere around
five to seven years from now I mean I
didn't know it exact time the people who
read the book first and then employed
the suggestions are going to start
coming forward in other words people are
going to say I use this book and look
what happened to my life I got this
promotion I lost 80 pounds I did this
and now all those things are coming
through so I just got this is a little
inside baseball kind of a talk if you're
an author you usually get paid up front
for a book it's called the advance and
then let's say they give you $1 per book
or whatever you've agreed in your deal
for each book that's sold you don't get
any more money than that initial check
unless you sell so many books at $1 a
book
for my math example that it that all of
that would have added up to the first
amount you got
once you've earned that by selling a lot
of books then you can get additional
checks
I'm a notable enough of author I'll use
that word that I always get an advance
now not every author is gonna get an
advance sometimes they'll get a little
one that's just a token if you're a
brand new author don't expect the big
advance but if you're well-known and
you've you've published a lot of books
that did well you get an advance what is
unusual in my case is to sell more books
than the advance covered and I just got
a big ol royalty check for this thing
2013 and it just blew through it's
advance it's actually it actually
doesn't stop selling because the people
who were read it early are now reporting
in and recommending it and almost every
day you see somebody in my feed
recommending it with with a story of how
I helped them so if you haven't read
this and and I'll say this again you
know every author writes a book because
they want you to buy it and it's part of
their job so they would like to get
money right so you know we're all adults
right authors write books to make money
we know that right we don't have to
argue about that but I don't do things
for one reason anymore you know my life
is now rich enough in let's say all the
ways that I just don't do things for one
reason so I wrote this - really I meant
it for my step-son honestly who
tragically died of an overdose before he
finished it he had started the book
actually but he hadn't finished it and
it was really for people who just didn't
have a let's say a father figure or role
model they just didn't have anything in
their life they would tell them how to
organize a successful life strategically
so I thought well this will be this will
be like a virtual dad you know like the
it could be virtual mom to make it less
access somebody who just gives somebody
that that guidance that does not common
sense so I hate I hate advertising stuff
is just the creepiest thing but if I
didn't know that this changes lives I
wouldn't do it I mean I really changed
his lives and far more than really even
I hoped it would so that's the good news
so here's again here's something
interesting I think there are three
different studies that came out
yesterday and today or the last few days
I think there are three different ones
showing hydroxychloroquine works have
you seen them yeah somebody's mentioning
atomic habits there are a lot of books
that have explicitly mentioned my book
that went on to become a huge
bestsellers so you'll see a lot of
people who and they say that they say
you know I got some portion of my book
or my ideas from from specifically this
book so it's actually influenced a lot
of bestsellers since then so
hydroxychloroquine it turns out it works
now I'm still waiting for more evidence
but when the people when it was tested
in a rigorous the first rigorous study
has showed it worked like pretty well
now this was test the people were
already in the hospital my smartest
smartest thinker I guess who I always
asked for for advice on this said yeah
it looks like a good study but the the
way they did it there's a there's a
methodology imperfection that you have
to take seriously so I will still say
even though there are three studies that
seem to show hydroxychloroquine clearly
makes a difference in a good way without
actually killing people I will still say
we're not quite there not quite there if
I had to put the odds on it the odds on
it now I would raise it quite a bit I'd
say at this point it looks like 75%
chance it's a positive thing
maybe not maybe not a game-changer but
probably is 75% chance it's more good
than than that so that's my current
update so how good was the Presidents
Day yesterday studies were kept me I was
saying hydroxychloroquine works the news
was reporting that he's Pro mask now so
that solves one problem and and the
economy was screaming again the the
economy again beat expectations alright
let's let's review
let's review which pundits and experts
were right and who was wrong if you if
you took my advice let's say if the
country had taken my advice we would
have closed the earth the travel from
China one week sooner than it happened
so I was maybe one of the first few
people in public we said close up close
travel if you'd listened to me you would
have known that masks were of course
obviously effective and that the
government was of course obviously lying
to you about that from day one I said
that really loudly
I'm from the beginning so you would have
been wearing your masks sooner I said
early on that we don't know if
hydroxychloroquine works and we can't
trust those studies but the risk/reward
is probably good meaning that given the
lowdown side and the anecdotal but
unproven potential upside it just made
sense to be using it now that is proven
correct all right some so that I see
somebody in the comments saying mass are
not very effective that that really that
question is settled so if everyone now
and then somebody will send me something
saying oh there's some dispute about
where their masks work
I don't entertain that anymore
I do not entertain even the argument the
masks don't work it's it's
overwhelmingly it's overwhelmingly
obvious and you wouldn't even need data
the data supports that but it's just
overwhelmingly obvious I'm gonna say
alright so and I will add one other
thing on there who told you that the
recovery would be surprisingly good
surprisingly good me and President Trump
right now both of us loudly and often
said you're gonna be surprised how
quickly the economy comes back and I
gave my reasons which was that nothing
was broken so you know and people were
already trained so it'd just be a little
easier to ramp up than it would be if he
had you know massive destruction of some
kind so sure enough my estimate of how
these how the economy would come back
would exceed expectations of the experts
and it has and I said that a lot of
times I said it would it would it would
blow past what the consensus assumption
would be no were there other news from
another area Iran had a mysterious
explosion it's called a mysterious
explosion and that one of the key
buildings at a nuclear site in Iran
where I guess they make advanced
centrifuges this would not be the first
time that an Iranian centrifuge facility
have a quote mysterious problem the you
remember the other one which was there
was a famous cyberattack that made their
machines go crazy and ruined all their
centrifuges well this time just
something exploded now
what's one of the things that people
warned the United States about when the
corona virus hit here's what we were
warned hey watch out United States given
that you're all distracted by this
coronavirus stuff the United States it
could be that other countries will start
to get adventurous because they think
your attention is turned somewhere else
totally a risk we should take that
seriously
but there's a flip side to the risk
isn't there the flip side is that we can
take risks internationally that we maybe
couldn't have taken before because they
are also distracted so I'm not going to
say that the United States was behind
the mysterious explosion I'm not going
to say the Israel was behind it I mean
you can make your own assumptions on
that but here's what I will say to add
to the story if it was either the United
States or Israel the timing was kind of
perfect the timing was perfect because
everyone's distracted by coronavirus so
in order for Iran to get any any kind of
a win and of having their facility
attacked they would either have to mount
a counter-attack which looks impossible
at this point or they would have to get
public opinion on their side and nobody
freaking cares we just don't care about
Iran at the moment I mean the world just
sort of doesn't care we just have other
things to worry about so if you look at
the situation in Iran is in their budget
is completely blown up I think they that
their taxable income you know the income
they get by taxes is just a fraction of
what they're spending them so they're
they're on a fast track to complete
destruction so they've got runaway
inflation there but their government
budget is toast their oil revenue is
nothing the sanctions are cutting off
there there are other ways to make money
and they've got a big coronavirus
problem and they're still trying to keep
their proxies alive and you know
whatever they're trying to do in in
Syria is probably not working out well
it's getting expensive so Iran is really
on the ropes right now and if you if
Israel or the US are getting adventurous
in terms of trying to push them over the
edge it is the
it's a perfect time to do it I've often
said that the most important things the
government does are the things you never
find out about so you know it could be
that we're deeply involved in whatever
this whatever this mysterious stuff is
going on but you're never gonna know or
maybe years from now you'll know
here's a interesting factoid that will
blow your mind are you ready one of the
reasons that you listen to this
periscope the regulars anyway so you
like to hear something that you hadn't
heard before or have something framed
away that just makes you go what and
it's especially delicious if it's
something that you are positive is true
you've always been positive it's true
and then you find out it isn't it's kind
of fun isn't it in a minute it's kind of
fun to find out that something you
thought was true your whole life just
isn't true all right I got one for you
now you'll have to you have to
fact-check to be on this but I'm gonna
give you a claim this sounded plausible
to me but I'd like you to check it out
for me okay so here's the claim that I
believe every conservative believes
about what's what needs to be fixed in
the black community to get us as close
to racial parity as possible
correct correct me if I'm wrong
conservatives overwhelmingly believe
that the family unit is staying together
in other words not being divorced and
having two parents to raise a kid
especially fathers right
especially fathers that that's critical
and that there's a gigantic difference
in the black community with 70% I think
a 70% of black babies are born into a
single parent now that's why you know
right you're conservative you believe
that the black babies in 2020 70% of
them are being born to a single parent
and you believe that the key to success
for any baby like a really really the
most important
thing is to have a solid family unit
that can kind of guide your upbringing
right those are the things you believe
are true here's a little factoid from
Darrin Bell who is a African American
cartoonist who I've known I've known of
and I've noticed worked for years but he
got involved into one of the Twitter
threads and he dropped this little red
pill on me so I'm gonna drop the red
pill on you that Darrin Bell dropped on
me but you have to fact-check this okay
it goes like this it is true the 70% of
black babies in 2020 will be born to
single parents but remember what I told
you at the very beginning of this
podcast when I said that the biggest
problem of 20/20 is that we're measuring
the wrong things apparently a huge
percentage of that 70% or single are
just living together like they're
married and the and the father is
completely involved and that if you were
actually to look at father involvement
in a two-parent situation it's pretty
close it's pretty close so your most
major assumption that these fatherless
black kids are disadvantaged by the
fatherlessness according to Darrin Bell
and this is what you need to check it's
just not true they're technically not
married
but they operate as a married unit and
so the father is completely involved and
in fact if you dig down to feeding and
bathing the child the black father's
married or not are in some of those
categories actually more involved on
average then then white fathers now look
at the comments watch the comments go by
don't think so nope they don't ba ba ba
somebody's somebody's having cognitive
dissonance somebody is
excited by it having a guy in the house
doesn't equate to her father remember
the second part of the survey and Darren
Dolph sent the information so I could
look at it myself
the second part went down to the details
you know did they feed and bathe the kid
do they watch the kid and the answer is
yes so whether that's a father father or
the new boyfriend statistically that
kids still getting a father now check
that for me look how many of you are
having real trouble with that
yeah a lot of you a lot of you are not
liking this at all because it just blew
up your most basic assumption now is it
true I would like you to check that
because if it turns out that Darren
Belen is the one that's wrong well let's
find that out so let's put a put attack
in that by tomorrow somebody will have
tweeted at me or told me the truth yeah
I'm watching the comments complete
disbelief hard to believe somebody says
it does pass the sniff test but you're
not sold and you're seeing a few people
saying oh shoot
could we be that wrong and the answer is
you could be you could be that wrong now
before I talk about some potentially
helpful things for the black community I
would like to update you on my free
speech exercise so as you know I've been
seeing how close I can get to the line
of cancellation not just for fun but to
see if I can get to a point of useful
productive communication on a really
sensitive topic race in America in order
to be useful I told you in advance I'm
gonna have to walk right up to the line
of cancellation because if I don't get
right up to the line I'm not going to be
able to be honest and if I can't be
honest
well I'm no use at all they ignore my
that's my dog who's asleep barking if
you hear that
runner in the background when she sleeps
she runs and barks in her sleep anyway
so as part of my experiment to expand my
free speech so I can get to the point of
being actually useful I tweeted this and
by the way I don't think I could have
tweeted this one month ago but today no
blowback so far could come later
so this is a tweet that had no blowback
if you can imagine this this is for me
this morning I said black lives matter
is a violent racist organization that
includes lots of people with good
intentions who don't fully understand
what they're signing on to support now
don't you think I would have got
canceled for that about a month ago but
today I can say it it's partly because
the conversation is getting richer it's
partly because people are a little bit
more desperate for something that sounds
like is useful you know something that's
true and let me say this as clearly as
possible and if there are any African
American people watching this there
always are
it turns out I've got a fast-growing
part of my audience is African American
men and women more men than women
because I get more men on here than
women but it's a fast-growing portion of
what they're watching and here's why the
next thing I'm going to say I think is
why that is it's just my hypothesis I
can't prove this I think the reason I'm
getting a fast-growing increase in black
audience for what I do is that I'm not
going to be condescending I'm not going
to treat you like you can't handle the
truth right I mean who doesn't
appreciate that and and then black
people say this directly all the time
you hear this all the time I'd rather
you just told me the truth right don't
do pretend you're blowing smoke up my
ass and then go be a racist privately
just freaking tell me the truth because
I can deal with the truth I just can't
deal with this
vs stuff I don't know what to do with
that perfectly reasonable so here's some
truth black people I'm sorry
here's some truth white people almost
routinely lied to black people because
they feel they have to white people
almost universally lie to black people
about race because they feel they have
to so if you would like to have an
actual conversation about race you're
gonna have to get to the point where you
can convince them white people to stop
lying to you because if you can't get
them to stop lying to you intentionally
how the hell are you gonna make any any
difference in anything so why lie
I believe that black lives matter is
more of a political violent racist
organization that doesn't change the
fact that there are lots of things that
need to be fixed whether you're black or
anybody else and here are here's my
current of thinking on this we're going
to the white board how would you know
that he says no I'm speculative so I
tell you when I think I know something
and I tell you when I'm speculating
so that was speculation which you're
free to disagree with and or effect
check all right here's how I here's how
I see the world so the Democrats support
teachers unions teachers unions are the
reason that you don't have school choice
that's the reason you have bad teachers
teachers unions are the entire problem
because if you get a bad school you've
got a bad life where are the bad
teachers they're in the inner cities
disproportionately teaching black
students so basically the teachers
unions are the source of most racism
right institutional racism is primarily
you know the the thing that I would
agree that black people say there's a
third there's definitely a ripple all
the way from slavery
there's definitely something about the
system that tries to maintain itself
which is which makes it harder for
people to have the mobile
that they need there was way more
mobility and I think when I was a kid
when I was young there was way more
mobility for everybody so I think
there's there's much to be sad about
systemic racism everybody's got their
own definition of it but this is a good
example in my in my opinion this would
be systemic racism with the primarily
primary system the teachers unions and
you can't fix that as long as Democrats
have controlled because the teachers
unions favor the Democrats therefore the
Democrats give the teachers unions what
they want the Republicans would like to
break this bottle by saying how about
instead of a bad school how about you
have a choice a little competition in
there right but you know maybe some
charter schools if you can get them but
at least competition and so that's the
Republican way to fix it now which of
those two groups different Democrats or
Republicans are trying to fix systemic
racism in the place that it matters the
most in other words if you get this
right and by the way you know the the
black Americans watching this you know
jump in and I guess on my eye that's
bothered me jump in and agree with this
if you get a solid education and let's
say a useful thing you still have racism
to deal with but you're gonna slice
right through it it doesn't make it go
away but you can make it less important
and everybody's got their thing right
I'm short I'm old you know you're you're
you're ugly you've got a weight problem
whatever it is everybody's got something
but if you've got a strong training and
background in education you can probably
slice through your problem to just
different problems all right then
there's the cities because you can't you
know it's hard to fix anything including
the schools if you're living in a place
that's you know so depressed
economically and of course the mayor's
tend to be democratic in the big urban
areas and nothing can get fixed in an
urban area if there's money involved
because
the people who want to sell their
services to the city can just bribe
people easily now this has nothing to do
with race there's no race in this
conversation as long as you have this
model for cities where the people
running the city can take bribes by you
know big contractors etc to do things
how could anything ever get fixed it
doesn't even
there's no system here that can fix that
the system as it exists is one super
racist to unfixable it's completely
unfixable because you're going to be
living in the middle of just garbage if
you don't have any way for the mayor to
do a real job when they're being bribed
to do whatever the contractors won right
the only way I could think of to fix the
the problem of cities being poorly
managed is by the what I've called
government in a box now I think somebody
needs to create the government and a box
option so that voters can at least have
an option imagine if you would I don't
know now in California you can put
anything on a ballot you know called the
proposition if you get enough signatures
I don't know how widespread that is so
somebody fact-check me on this but
suppose that you had an urban area that
was just a mess let's take Baltimore so
Baltimore is just a mess right and and
we know that you know the the governance
is probably part of the problem
historically suppose somebody started a
petition and said look if we get enough
signatures here and enough votes we will
replace the mayor and the administration
for let's say one year could be three
years whatever it is but limited time
with this government in a box which
might be who knows maybe it's people
from Switzerland who just want to come
in and they don't care about your
country they're just trying to do their
job so they get recommended to be
government in a box on another city so
they want to do a good job just because
it's a business right
hey government doesn't need to do a good
job if it can also get elected if your
mayor knows he or she is going to get
reelected they don't really have to do a
good job but if you had a government in
a box which was a private company let's
say consultants who would come in for a
year or three just straighten things out
get things on the right track and then
and then at the end of that you say all
right it's time for these guys to move
on fix another city but until that
exists until until you have a government
in the boxing option until somebody
offers it you just stuck with the old
system which is racist in a systemic way
now let me offer you my most provocative
thought for ending racism now would it
end racism come close so let's say
ending racism is too big because worry
you know humans are just we're unfixable
when it comes to recognizing patterns
especially fake patterns so you can't
get rid of people's bias but you can
certainly find systems that overcome
them so so well that they don't matter
as much all right here's the most
provocative thing I will ever say you
ready and I can always say this because
you've those of you who have followed by
lessons on persuasion and you know the
facts don't matter it cetera you have to
brainwash children children need to be
brainwashed they need it because if you
don't brainwash them somebody else will
either television will or their friends
will lure or they'll they'll just work
it out on their own which is the worst
case if you don't brainwash kids and I'm
using that term very thoughtfully
children are not influenced they're
brainwashed and you got to do it right
or you don't get a good kid
right so how could black America
brainwash it so
kids easily easily and fix an entire
generation the moment they're born
alright so here's an idea that won't fix
people who have already been born and
have already reached a certain age I'm
talking about something that would stop
it cold from this point on so that the
next baby born would be born into a
better world and here it goes you
convince somehow because this would
require persuasion as well so the black
community would have to embrace this
wildly for it to work you embrace this
that education is the key to success now
education including any kind of
profession so I'm talking about a skill
stack I'm talking about the kinds of
things you would learn in this book etc
and so this is all education but I'll
say a practical education so imagine if
you will the black America says hey
listen let's end racism and everybody
will say that's not possible that's too
hard oh yeah watch this watch this we're
gonna get every mother you don't even
need the father's to this and I'll tell
you why you don't need the father's in
there but you don't need the father's to
be part of this and just the moms keep
it simple the fathers can help but
they're not required and the mother from
the first time the baby can hear says
you're going to college or education is
the thing education is the thing
education is the thing and you just
brainwash those kids into thinking
education is the thing now I've gone
further and said you could make a
checklist and say if you don't if you
check any of these boxes you're not
going to succeed one of them did you
have trouble with the law did you get
involved with drugs or a gang you know
so there's sort of an easy checklist and
you just give that checklist to every
new mom in an urban area and again this
would work this works for everybody
the fact that I'm talking about the
black experience doesn't mean it's
limited this this would work for
everybody and you just say here's the
checklist kit oh you're only two years
old you don't quite understand this well
look how important it is I know you
don't understand it and you're three
years old still don't understand that
but you realize there's a checklist
these are the things you need to do stay
off drugs education is the key then the
kids about 5 at around 5 they don't they
don't understand how the world works but
the brainwashing becomes permanent
education is your way to success
education is your way to success
education and again practical education
I'm not talking about you know an
English degree and it could be mechanics
or programming or any practical thing
and what would happen 18 years from then
or let's say 20 years from 21 years from
them
21 years from then let's say that every
black mother just started drilling that
into their kids doesn't mean they all do
it but they're drilling it in and you
start developing a generation which 21
years from now you're an employer
alright wait for this here's the good
part it's 21 years in the future and
you're an employer a black applicant
comes in fresh out of college what do
you say to yourself because you're a
racist because everybody's biased right
this is just now something you can turn
it off so what do you say to yourself 21
years after that all started
hypothetically you say to yourself oh
good I got a super baby I got a super
baby
you're hired because all you want to
hear if you're an employer is that
you've got a kid who came up through a
system from the moment they were born
educate educate educate educate educate
educate it's your way out you tell me
that kid doesn't get the job no that kid
gets the job and what happens when
that kid well-educated does well well
people start noticing it you could in
one generation turn racism upside down
and you could say to yourself
black black kid comes in for an
interview he's 21 and he was born from
the from the moment he was born he was
drilled with education white kid comes
in looks like sort of a similar
background but you don't know what kind
of programming that kid had no I think
you take the one that got brainwashed
the most productive way education now
why do I mention this because this is
what my mother did to me my mother was
not educated nor was my father both my
mother and my father had to repeat a
grade in school now my mother because
she had some family problems my father
because you just had a low IQ so he just
failed a grade and the way that people
do so neither of my parents had any
college but from the moment I could
understand language my mother said to me
you're going to college it's a key to
your success you can do anything you
want you're going to college it's the
key to your success you're going to
college now she didn't have any money
and didn't even know anybody had been to
college but that simple little mantra if
I could call it that program to me it
programmed me there was not one moment
of my life
that I didn't think I was going to
college and we couldn't even afford it
we couldn't even come close to afford
again especially with three kids we
figured it out you know I got some
scholarships and you know my brother and
sister went to less expensive colleges
etc we figured it out but we never
doubted that that was the path now
that's my suggestion it's something that
a hundred percent of people could do
there's no mother who couldn't program
their kid you just have to say it over
and over and over again if that's all it
is
kids can be programmed just by
repetition consistency and rep
titian it's all it is in one generation
you could turn a black applicant into a
super baby in other words the employer
says yeah I want somebody who came up
with that kind of programming all right
that probably was just about all I
wanted to
oh yeah there's another interesting
thing Elon Musk is having a online
debate with some other smart people and
experts and Elon is pointing out that
the coronavirus test kits can be as
inaccurate as 50% false positive it
could be as high as 50% false positive
and he's saying that's the reason the
the number of infections seems to be
going up it's a combination of more
testing plus the fact that the testing
is so unactive plus the fact as other
people piled in and said that the
hospitals are now open for other
business now I have a surgery scheduled
minor surgery scheduled and I can tell
you for sure that the process is I have
to get a corona virus test and that I
have to self quarantine for two weeks
before I before I go in for my surgery
now this is elective but suppose you
went in you just went in and you didn't
even have a surgery plan you just went
in to the emergency room well the first
thing they do is they test you for
corona virus so if there are simply more
people going to the hospital for
unrelated reasons you're going to pick
up a lot more corona virus because some
of them will have it so so Elon is
arguing the point now I'm not sure that
I agree with Ellen's point because I
these are complicated situations and
there's probably a lot of stuff I don't
know but it would explain the
unexplained the most unexplained thing
in this phenomenon correct me if I'm
wrong the most unexplained thing is why
infections are going up while death
rates are going down oh I know what
you're going to say it's the time lag
but I don't think the time lag is gonna
change it that's my prediction that
there might be some change but it's not
going to change the major trend the
major trend is that infections are going
up and deaths are going down I think
that's going to continue and I don't
know how you would explain that other
than you're detecting more cases that
are the the mild kind and that would be
part of the explanation the other part
could be they're doing better with meds
they're doing better with ventilators
yeah they're just getting smarter in
general it's possible all right that is
what I wanted to cover today so I
believe I've said let's see what if we
fixed today we fixed the long-term
economy to make us protected against
robots by building in a national network
of bicycle paths and turning us into a
bicycle tourist destination with mostly
e bikes in the future we've said we
fixed racism by I told you a mantra
three words no how many words uh
education is the key education is the
key
all right four words five words whatever
you want but something like that a
little mantra for mothers would
transform children now you still have to
keep them out of jail and and all that
so that's it's another problem and of
course if you voted Republicans and you
could get maybe some school choice and
that would fix your school situation
yeah I think we fix just about
everything today is there anything I
haven't fixed yet I don't think so I
fixed your personal lives so you all
have better lives because of this yeah I
think almost everything is fixed do we
have any other problems you'd like me to
get to all right well let's send done
that because I think that's the good
news and things are looking up stock
market's good this country is going to
be fine
and so will you talk to you later