hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and today it's
gonna be a really good one
not because my content is special or my
presentation will be good never is but
today you're gonna get the simultaneous
sip and if you've not enjoyed this
before whoa do you have something good
coming now it starts out subtle but over
time it becomes profound and all you
need to enjoy this incredible moment is
a copper mug or a glass of tanker
chelators dye the canteen trigger flies
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for them parallel pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
including pandemics go hmm I feel the
infection rate dropping despite all the
data that says the opposite we'll talk
about that so it seems that China has
decided to sanction senators Rubio and
Cruz sort of a revenge sanction because
there were some Chinese officials who
were sanctioned over treatment of the
weaker minority in China specifically
rounding them up and putting them in
prison camps and doing god-knows-what
so now China has sanctioned our two
senators Rubio and Cruz for speaking out
against the weiners that's right we
sanctioned we sanctioned Chinese
officials for being essentially killers
having prison camps for minorities and
you know things are not going well in
there
and China's sanctioned are two of our
criticizers for simply mentioning that
they've got some kind of a genocide
going on what what so if Rubio or Cruz
have websites to donate to their next
campaigns maybe this would be a good
time to let people know because as you
saw with Goya the only way to protect
people who are attacked in this way be
it for cancellation or be a Chinese
trying to suppress freedom of speech in
America you have to reward the people
who went first and took the arrows so I
would say that Rubio and Cruz just
pretty much guaranteed reelection for
themselves thank you
China I don't know what sanctions they
put on emotions reading that when it was
time to go here so some details I don't
know all right
the read the Washington Redskins are
changing their name it's about time you
know of all of the of all of the various
statue protests and you know political
correctness movements I would say the
Washington Redskins should have been
really close to the top of that list
it's kind of surprising that we it took
so long to get here and here's why it's
literally talking about their skins
their skin color I would think that that
would be the you know the one that would
be most obvious that you would change
first I'm surprised it lasted as long as
it did now I don't think anybody who
used that name was using it in a
negative way as others have pointed out
in fact my my high school was the
Warriors and there was a Native American
mascot my college was also
coincidentally warriors was the name of
the team and again it was an American
Indian or Native American and in every
case I remember thinking that it was a
sign of risk
that's how I always took it I always
took it that the reason that we had
there was mascots is because they were
awesome that was the whole point of it
right that the Native Americans were
awesome so we named our sports team
after him because we want our sports
teams to be awesome so there's no
question that the intention behind these
mascots was all positive but still skin
you know just I'm okay with that one
changing I know some of you disagree and
there's plenty of plenty of room for
that oh somebody says the Kansas City
Chiefs you know that's I would say
that's a different situation a chief is
nothing but a job title that's pretty
awesome
whereas is sort of about the
color of your skin so they seem
different to me you know how you debate
people online and you know they give you
a zinger and you give them a zinger but
it's hard to know who won right you know
if you have these back and forth with
with critics on Twitter and it's always
unsatisfying because you don't have a
victory you don't even have a loss you
just think maybe I won but they probably
think they won today today I had a funny
one I had Saturday in a conversation in
the comments I had noted to make my
point and doesn't matter what the topic
was I I noted that time was an illusion
so that was my comment and then my
critic said about my comment that that
doesn't sound smart literally that
doesn't sound smart so my comment was
time is an illusion
and the critic said to me that doesn't
sound smart do you recognize the source
of my quote that time is an illusion
well I told my critic once you work it
out with the Einstein it's his quote now
I don't know if I've ever won an online
conversation quite as thoroughly as
taken up with Einstein
it's his quote now that doesn't mean
that my critic will agree with me
because even quoting Einstein is not
good enough on Twitter but I thought it
was funny I rarely get to win an
argument with breaking up taken up with
Einstein you know the two of you
geniuses can you work it out let me know
if Einstein changes your mind so be it
but if you change Einsteins mind I can't
rule it out except he's dead then I'll
change mine too so I was telling my I'll
call him my by liberal friend so I've
got a good friend for you know many
decades who's a super liberal and of
course this caused some some tension in
our relationship and so we have some
back-and-forth now and then what I can
handle his level of Trump derangement
syndrome but I but he was challenged
being challenging me when I said that if
Biden wins Republicans will be hunted
now of course I said that for the
reaction in other words the whole point
of it is the reaction the point of it
does not me saying it so I wanted to get
a reaction in which people all over the
country would say Scott you are totally
wrong about that there's no risk at all
to Trump supporters even if Biden is
elected now I don't think that's even
close to true there of course is risk
the size of the risk could be debated
but over there's risk there's no I don't
think that should be debated but my
friend when I made the follow-up comment
that it's dangerous to be a trump
supporter and that there's videos and
reports all over the place of Trump
supporters being attacked and harassed
and assaulted in public just for being
Trump supporters he was doubtful about
that my friend was and he is unaware of
any danger to Trump supporters which is
interesting isn't it so it's somebody
who reads only the left-leaning
sources that he believes are not
left-leaning like NPR and New York Times
so I continually mock him for for being
a low information voters whereas he
thinks he's a high information voter
because he consumes a lot of news well
it's all on one side so he's definitely
a low information voters who doesn't
know it and his hypothesis when I told
them that I ran an online poll in which
over 60% of the respondents said that
they have lied about their support of
Trump over 60% this is a non-scientific
poll but since most most of the people
answered in her Trump supporters 64
percent of them said that they've lied
either by omission or directly about
supporting Trump to avoid trouble now my
friend said this that the real the real
thing they're afraid of is not
cancellation they're not afraid of
cancellation says my liberal friend the
under informed one he says that what
they're really afraid of is ridicule and
criticism now does that I don't I don't
know if I've ever heard of the opinion
that was so far from reality have you
ever met a trump supporter who was
afraid of criticism I don't think I ever
have I don't know that's so far from
being a thing
there's no Trump or nur indoors ready
Biden supporter who is afraid of
criticism for their opinion that's so
not a thing yeah it's in the comments I
think you'll agree so and who is who is
afraid of criticism for their political
opinion literally no one literally no
one is afraid of criticism for their
political opinions because the whole
point of your opinion is you think
you're right nobody's afraid of being
criticized for being right you know it's
I'm sure it's a problem people have been
criticized for being right but nobody's
worried about it it's the lowest thing
anybody
worried about so my friend needed to
explain away why 64% of the people in my
highly unscientific poll we have lied
about their political preference I don't
think that's has that ever happened has
it ever happened that people would lie
at that level about their political
preference so my friend is trying to
explain his his his worldview because it
doesn't fit the observed facts as I
report them he doesn't see the observed
facts so he is unaware that there is
video after video at least on Twitter of
people being beaten up killed for saying
all lives matter which sort of suggests
there probably a trump supporter
it's amazing how unaware half the
country is that their own side has
turned into fascists and they don't even
know it and they can't know it isn't
that interesting so my friend there's
nothing you could do to make him read
news that's right leaning he will never
ever consume it because he thinks is
evil and ignorant and wrong so he has no
way to know that his worldview is a
fascist supporting worldview even though
he's not a fascist he's just he's he's
accidentally supporting them having no
idea just doesn't have any idea now
people on the Left think that the people
on the right have the same problem
meaning that the people on the Left say
well the right doesn't see what we're
doing doesn't see all the news over here
wrong that's completely wrong because
the mainstream news is mainstream the
people who read who consume Fox News
mostly also see the other stuff because
it's sort of everywhere but it just
doesn't work the other way alright here
are two things we know about Biden and
this gets you to a point my mother once
taught me when I was young she didn't
make this up it was a an old famous
saying even here
go there you can get used to anything if
you do it long enough
including hanging now when you see how
often that's true it's one of the one of
the great truths of life and when you
understand this you can predict the
future a lot better people can get used
to almost anything we are practically
used to a pandemic and we're not I mean
we're still fussing with our maths and
stuff but aren't you a little bit amazed
that in a few months the entire planet
went into mask-wearing mode and we kind
of yeah we're sort of okay with it while
we complain which we weren't and argue
over the science and stuff but mostly
you can get used to anything it's it's
amazing and one of the things that
people are getting used to is Joe
Biden's continued decline his mental
decline I don't think anybody doubts it
anymore when I say I don't think anybody
doubts it you know there's gonna be some
hardcores hoodoo doubt it but I would
say that even among the left they're
quite aware that something's going on
right because I don't have to read the
news on the right to see it themselves
they can just sort of see it don't need
to see the other news and here's what's
amazing Biden continues to have a
commanding lead in the polls if you
believe polls you know what I mean at
the same time that his own side is
getting used to his dementia that's
right you can get used to anything his
own team is giving used to the fact that
they're supporting somebody who can't
possibly do the job of the most
important job in the world and they got
used to it because that's exactly what
happened it wasn't you know if you ask
them they'll tell you well it's a mental
process well he's still better than
Trump well he'll have good advisers but
you but you hear these things and you
say um a lot of that stuff would have
applied to any
president but if you had gotten if you
had receive this choice from day one if
if if everybody who voted for Biden in
the primaries saw him then the way they
can see him now would they have selected
him as they're leaving candidate for the
primaries I don't think so
but now because they did they're they're
mentally obliged cognitive dissonance
requires them to come up with a reason
for why they're supporting somebody
who's mentally incapable and it's
obvious without the and it's obvious
part none of this is fun in terms of
understanding the psychology of people
but if you wanted to see what cognitive
dissonance looks like this will be the
best example you've ever seen all right
here's the setup the setup is that
somebody does something that they think
makes sense and then later they find out
it was really really dumb but because we
don't like to think we are really really
dumb even though it's obvious because
you just nominated somebody who's
mentally incapable anyway you look at
that from today's point of view if you
if you look at how you how you voted if
you're a Democrat in the primaries if
you voted for Biden if you were a
rational person you would say man that
was dumb because if I could go back in
time I definitely would have voted for
one of the other candidates because at
least you want to get somebody who's
mentally capable that's sort of the
minimum you know that's sort of minimum
and but but how many Democrats will
think like that how many will say gosh
you know it seemed like a good idea but
now I guess I was just duh - the signs
because there was plenty of news even
back then at least the Republicans were
we're saying it I've been saying it
since then that there's a mental decline
here I should have seen it
nope that will happen to approximately
zero people instead cognitive dissonance
is perfectly set up for this situation
in fact if you were going to write a
textbook
and give some examples of what would
cause cognitive dissonance it's exactly
this not approximately this not sort of
like this
exactly exactly exactly this with no
modifications somebody committed to it
in the past that committed to a position
there from today's perspective they
really should not have it was obviously
a mistake
but now they're good and defend it
anyway and when they defend it you get
to say to yourself you know you're lying
right because it'll look like that to
you as an observer it's gonna look like
a whole bunch of Democrats are looking
you right in the eye and lying to you by
saying I don't see anything wrong with
Biden and you'll be thinking that looks
like a lie because you couldn't possibly
be thinking that but it's not a lie it's
not a lie it's cognitive dissonance you
will see people who have hypnotized
themselves accidentally they've
hypnotized themselves into a ridiculous
position that now he looks okay his his
advisers will be good he'll have a good
vice president I don't see what risk
this could be they've talked themselves
into ridiculousness and don't know it
all right
if if you ever need to give an example
of cognitive dissonance that's your
perfect example all right um here's
something I would like to see somebody
ask a representative of black lives
matter and or whoever supports the
protesters and that point of view I
don't know if you'll ever see this it
has something to do with the way
interviews are done but here's the
question that I'm really curious about
and it goes like this and pretend that
you are a representative from black
lives matter and you have to answer this
interview question and I say to you
representative of black lives matter
I've seen all your seeing some of your
demands maybe most of them and I hear
what you're saying about police
brutality etc but what I haven't seen
yet is can you paint me a picture of
what a future looks like should black
lives matter get what they want
what does it look like when you've
dismantled white supremacy can you tell
us you know who has what kind of jobs
who's in charge
how our decisions made and what is
driving the economy does this still look
like capitalism or does it look like
some modified version so to ask somebody
who's with the protesters to describe
their future and remember don't limit it
to police
police action although you'd want to
know about that too yeah Kanye says you
should be like what Conda I don't know
what that meant but it's probably a good
model so have have the people who want
to change describe what things look like
after the change because they're going
to be holes there and those holes are
going to be really big and here and let
me surprise you and say this if they can
describe the future in a way that makes
sense I'm all-in
why wouldn't I be right suppose and I
don't think this is going to happen but
I want to open your mind to the
possibility of the other side the people
that you don't agree with I'm guessing
most of you are not with the protesters
on all the details I want to open your
mind to the possibility because you
should do this in every case not just
this case just to open your mind to the
possibility that there might actually be
a good argument there and just you
haven't heard again so one could imagine
there's some smart person from the right
says you know nobody's really
articulated this right but let me paint
you a picture of what the future looks
like you've got robots coming so
capitalism isn't going to work the way
it used to because the owners of the
robots would eventually own everything
so so we know capitalism isn't going to
work in the future because the robot
situation will create some kind of a
universal basic income problem there'll
be a lot of disruption so the first
thing I'd say is ok ok you have my
attention
I do believe that the robots will
eventually make a big disruption in
capitalism and much the way you say we
don't know it'll go that way but okay
give me the rest and then you imagine
that they paint you a picture in which
you've maintained enough incentives that
people will work that's the hard part I
don't know how they would do that but
they describe a future where it lives
better
is it possible maybe maybe I would I
would tell you that in these situations
where you're absolutely dead certain
that your point of view is the better
one every once in a while just do what I
did just try to imagine you're wrong
it's really useful because someday you
might need to change your mind and you
don't want to do what the Biden
supporters have done which is create a
trap for yourself that you guarantee
your own future hypnosis in other words
the people who is supported by it in
while they knew there might be something
wrong had set themselves up to be in
cognitive dissonance if he worsened
which is what happened don't do that to
you always keep keep alive that little
part of you that remembers oh yeah even
when I was thinking then back then and I
was pretty sure I was right I did also
acknowledge there was some chance
there's something I haven't heard an
argument that is just not made yet that
would change my mind it's just a good
mental mental balance to keep yourself
in all right let's see so a lot of you
know I just threw some wedding pictures
from my wedding on Saturday and you can
imagine what kind of comments we get so
98% of the comments were just positive
congratulations sort of thing and about
2% of the comments were just awful
trolls what percentage of the awful
trolls were in the profession of writing
and the arts almost all of them
what do you start noticing that pattern
that the people who are not good at
thinking and they're just mean and nasty
and then you look at their profile it's
like Oh an artist and then you could say
I doesn't even matter because the
opinion of artists are irrelevant let me
say that again the opinion of artists
people who are just professional artists
and the artist could be include author
yeah which I include myself in but if
that's all you have in your talent stack
unlike me I've had you know a vast world
experience outside of authoring but if
that's your main experience you should
just ignore all of those opinions you
should just ignore anybody was an artist
primarily unless as I say they also have
substantial other interests now why do I
say Kanye could be a president exactly
it's exactly because he's more than an
artist Kanye is a creator
he's his beyond artist you know artist
makes art a creator is just he's just
the creator all the time and he's
created a gigantic business empire he's
produced he's written these you know
he's got a proper education etc Kanye
has a talent snack so if you're an
artist and you have a bigger talent
stack well that's that could be a good
thing but I would say you would just
ignore any opinions from artists and you
should just tell them that which I do it
usually ends the conversation here's one
of the ways that I tell whether an idea
is a good one or a bad one
if you put an idea into the world and
nobody does anything with their body
it's not an idea that's gonna catch on
now I use the body test all the time and
it never fails and it goes like this if
an idea makes somebody do something that
requires them to move their arms and
legs and eyes and whatever then you have
an idea that can move people
because it did you you observed it Oh
somebody did something with their body
now that thing they do with their body
could be protest write a letter you know
build a mural based on what you said
anything tell their friend by the book
any kind of action and the other thing I
introduced my idea of the digital Bill
of Rights an idea that in our modern
time there are a number of things that
we should guarantee that the original
founders the framers of the Constitution
wouldn't have thought of because it
wasn't a digital world things such as
having handled online privacy that sort
of thing and I won't talk about all the
details but I will note that ghost
writer Joshua I hope I pronounced your
name right liesecke Li sec who is on
Twitter he's been on my periscope you've
all met him so it's Joshua liesecke he
wrote up for you listen to my periscope
on the topic and then documented it and
because he's a professional writer he
documented it really well and so I've
tweeted that you can see it in my
Twitter feed in his the ability writes
written up now it's written up as an
initial draft of course for a
conversation so look at the comments as
well because you'll see people start to
weigh in and say oh that one doesn't
work you know tweaking a little or you
know what problem this one might cause
those are all good the good kinds of
inputs at this point so it passed the
Bill of Rights digital Bill of Rights
has passed the body test was there
somebody who moved their body and this
is a significant way and there was so
Joshua wrote it up took them some time I
think at least one other person tried to
compile it and that was what I was
looking for so given that it has passed
the body test as the comments frozen no
it looks like they're working then I'm
gonna I'm going to push it through to
you know the next level which is maybe
try to get a little more attention all
right I made an error yesterday in my
periscope which I now
fact I had referred to Tom Fenton who is
the head of Judicial Watch
yeah Judicial Watch I'd said they he was
an attorney and that was a mistake
he is not a lawyer or an attorney as he
clarified to me and other people did as
well so that correction now I think he
was an English major and had a bunch of
experience after that of course but the
the question
the topic is masks and I went through it
again but I'm getting yet went through
yesterday but give you an update so the
the topic is whether masks work and tom
Fitton had said in his tweet that
there's no science to support wearing
masks outside of a healthcare setting
now there's some people would say
wearing a non-medical mask in the
healthcare setting would also be a
mistake so that would be the non-medical
masks but the science seems not quite
settled in a number of ways so I did a
little that I did a little unscientific
poll I asked this question and they said
did you based on your understanding of
the science and again this is just a
poll on Twitter so this is not for
experts this is just for you to weigh in
I said based on your understanding of
the science do non-medical masks reduce
transmission of virus by partially
blocking exhalations and the water
droplets the carry virus so that's the
question and the three choices were
probably somewhat yeah meaning it must
work a little bit the other answer was
no it's useless and maybe bad so it's
definitely useless but on top of that it
might be bad and that the other one was
it is unclear now the respondents were
56% said probably would make a
difference you know somewhat don't know
how much but probably and
56% so that was by far the biggest
category the people who said no it's
useless and maybe it's bad 24 percent so
quarter the people said that and unclear
twenty percent now if you add the people
who said it's unclear 22 the say the
ones who say probably those are the
uncertain people so 76 percent say I
don't know but most of them does say I
don't know also say worth the shot you
know it was probably better than not
doing it 24 percent are sure that it's a
bad idea
meaning that it's definitely useless and
there's also a chance that could be bad
so no doubt about it
it's a bad thing here's my take on that
since none of us are scientists at least
most of us or medical professionals and
I don't think that there is confirmed
science about this specific situation
which you would need corona virus
pandemic public using a variety of face
masks you're trying to protect from
exhalation you're not just trying to
protect from people infecting you you
know completely unique situation hasn't
been completely tested in the way that
you'd like science to test things and
repeat it and all that stuff so that
hasn't been done so what do people do in
the face of unclear information well Tom
Fenton seems to have a strong opinion
against masks but he wears it fairly
carefully I would say this I would say
the people who are bad at risk
management are the 25% because there's
one opinion that you can know for sure
is wrong so of the three choices I set
it up intentionally so that one of the
three choices would be the one that's
wrong for sure and it's this one that
it's definitely bad to wear masks now
could it be true that it's bad to wear
masks
yes what did I tell you earlier always
keep alive the possibility that you're
wrong it's a real good mental exercise
could I be wrong
well I couldn't be wrong because here's
the thing if you're dealing about
probability and things go the other way
it doesn't mean you are wrong your
probability estimate might have been
exactly right you know it's two to one
in this direction but the one happens if
something if the odds are two to one the
one sometimes happens like you know two
to one but it happens so if it goes not
the way you think the odds go you're not
wrong you're still right it just didn't
go the way you wanted it to go and so I
would say that the people who are
definitely wrong are the people who were
sure about the science so if you had
been sure that they work Oh 100% there's
no question about it you would be wrong
because this is not a situation in which
certainty is a rational opinion you
should not be certain it works nor
should you be certain it doesn't those
two opinions are the two that you can
rule out as rational the rational
opinions are it might work and it's
worth a shot
or it might work but the risks I think
are greater than the possible benefits
those would be rational if you're
dealing with probability given that we
don't know so it I did that to reveal
whether people are good at decision
making in general risk management
decision making and a quarter of the
people on this very unscientific poll
displayed a certainty in the face of
something that can't be certain so that
that reveals very clearly that they they
don't have the tools of analysis that
you need to have a rational opinion even
if it turned out wrong it could still be
rational all right here is the most
interesting election predictive news
that I've heard in a long time there's a
little there's some indication that the
GOP is out registering new voters
compared to the Democrats in the
in the battleground states let me say
that again in the battleground states in
other words the only ones that matter
because you know California's gonna go
one way you know New York's gonna go one
way but the ones that that are likely to
be close the ones that can determine
elections the so-called battleground
states more Republicans are registering
than Democrats now think about that at
the same time you think that Biden has a
commanding overwhelming lead in the
polls which of those tells you more
about what's going to happen is it
registration in battleground states or
is it a national poll and of course we
don't vote in a national way we vote
state-by-state which of those tells you
something well let me give it to you in
a different frame in which of those
situations can you lie or let's say you
can lie in both but in in which of those
situations are you far more likely to be
lying I would say a poll if a stranger
calls you given that 64% of people who
answered by unscientific Twitter poll
64% of Trump supporters said that they
would lie or they have lied wouldn't you
expect the telephone pole or even even
an electronic poll with a robo voice
could be an online poll by anything that
you could be discovered and you don't
need to tell the truth there's no law
there's no requirement it's not even
really ethical to tell the truth to a
pollster you just don't have that
obligation so that's the situation in
which lying is pretty much guaranteed we
just don't know how much we don't know
if the polls are off by you know 1%
because that's how many people lied to
pollsters or is it off by 12%
remember 64% of the people who went
through my poll said they'll lie to him
they'll lie about their affiliations or
the
references all right now compare that to
registering to vote do you see it yet if
you register to vote how easy is it to
lie well here's the thing you don't have
to register to vote for Trump you just
registered to vote your party you know
you could lie about your party I suppose
Democrats could lie and say haha I'm
really siting up as a Republican but I
will think many people do that
I think people register in the party
they really want to register for so I
think your your likelihood of lying in
the registration process very low and
that shows a really positive indication
for Trump winning the election at the
same time the one that you would assume
common sense tells you there would be
lying differs so one of them is telling
you that he's going to win and it looks
good
that's the registrations and that's
credible and probably no lying in there
and not much and the other one they're
almost certainly it's got some lying in
there if I were a Democrat I would be
 my pants right now because
because those statistics are really
scary when you put them together because
think about it I've been saying this
forever
and I don't know to what degree it's
true but it's at least a little bit true
Trump supporters do want this to be not
only a victory but a surprise victory am
i right if you had a choice of Trump
leading in the polls from day one and
just going to a solid victory so that's
one choice and it's up to you you get to
choose does he lead from the start and
just go to a solid victory or does it
look like he's gonna lose again just
like 2016 only to win in the end which
of those two choices would you pick you
know what I'm saying you know what I'm
saying all those people who answer
polls about who they're gonna vote to
they know those two choices existed one
Trump all the way which wouldn't be
unusual for an incumbent they usually
win or how about we do that 2016 thing
to you again but better like how about
more of a surprise how would you like
that that is somewhat irresistible
alright that is irresistible
if I gave you those two choices and you
didn't have to sacrifice or pay anything
you just got to pick commanding lead or
surprise you know you'd pick the
surprise by majority anyway some of you
wouldn't want this dress but I think if
you have a choice you'd like the
surprise to invite cause our revolution
but that's another problem there are
some doctors who are saying that the
number of positive test results for
coronavirus may be skewed by the debris
from a virus that you used to have and
was defeated by your natural defenses
because apparently you we have some
people have natural defense because
they've had something like a corona
virus or something like this particular
one enough so that maybe it's maybe
people have immunity and it's destroying
the virus and the test is just picking
up the broken virus of something you
don't really have because he used to
have it but it never became symptomatic
you because you have immunity and
therefore you know the tests are all on
the tests are over done now the test
would be misleading because not that
many high people actually are affected
or something like that
and the idea would be that you could
reach herd immunity and a low number of
people like ten to twenty percent of the
population under the theory that most of
the rest have some natural immunity so
if ten to twenty have to get the corona
virus this year in order to build up an
immunity so the thinking goes that there
might be
bigger part you know half of the country
or something who has some natural
immunity and if you add them together
you got herd immunity just you want to
get to sixty seventy percent to stop
something from spreading
so that is largely debunked by smart
people including Andres Backhouse who I
refer to often he's got an economics and
PhD so whenever there's some claim about
a study I try to make sure that he sees
it because he usually weighs in and says
ah here's a gigantic problem with that
study and you look at his analysis and
you go okay it looked good but I guess
it's not and he so he's debunk that
debunked the idea that that the tests
are picking up the the random bits of
the virus that's been destroyed because
it doesn't happen everywhere so in other
words if if this effect were real you
would see it everywhere because there
there's no such thing as a country where
there immunity would not cause the virus
you know debris to be in their body so
if humans respond the same you would see
it everywhere in every country kind of
looking the same and it doesn't so that
that hypothesis is rejected but it's out
there and even ambassador do you still
call him ambassador our Richard Grinnell
was tweeting about that science and
while it's interesting I will just note
that the strongest critic you know the
bet the person who's best at debunking
this stuff in my opinion calls a
quackery now again like I've said and
all the other topics leave open the
possibility that even the critic is
wrong on this one could be maybe but I
would say that I would side with Andres
on this because not being on his side on
this kind of thing is just a bad play
right if you had to if you didn't know
anything about a topic and the only
thing you knew was andreas back house
says it's quackery I'm gonna bet him I'm
gonna bet on him
because I've been watching him for a
long time and he's he's good at just
ripping this stuff apart so the
administration is throwing dr. foutch en
to the bus
it looks like trying to make him the the
mistake maker so that the president can
look better I guess probably a really
good play now you could argue about the
ethics of it and bla bla but remember
it's a political campaign so everybody's
being unethical all the time in the
sense that they're all lying by omission
at least and so that's the
administration's take now let's talk
about it not from its moral and ethical
perspective you can handle that on your
own
does it work is it a good strategy for
persuasion persuasion wise does it make
sense to make a foul a the anti-trump
and make him the one who's causing you
not to have a good life because you know
he's making you not go back to school
maybe because he's a little more
hesitant foul she's more cautious about
going back to school so I think this is
actually brilliant persuasion make up
your own mind about whether it's good
for the world but persuasion wise I
think it's really good and here's why
there's nobody on the left or the right
who has a good feeling about experts at
the moment would you agree that both the
left and the right have been
disappointed by experts in different
ways but I think everybody has some more
skepticism of experts than they did one
year ago I feel that that's just a
certainty and so having a face for the
other side is always good it would be
one thing to say experts in general have
not been reliable that would not be good
persuasion because experts in general is
a concept concepts are not nearly as
good as build a wall build a wall is not
a concept it's a fricking wall
as soon as you hear it you imagine it
you can see it you could put a price on
it
that's good persuasion a real thing so
when the president in essence is
replacing the category of experts which
doesn't get any traction with a real
person who has made real decisions which
affect you you and you and you and you
you and I have been personally affected
by doctor foul cheese opinions now I
think he's probably been more right than
wrong you know if I'm being honest if
you look at the entire body of work
probably more right than wrong but he's
also famously wrong on some things that
have been in the news which is more
which is more important to persuasion so
when the President and I'm sure he will
will say ouch he you know was wrong on X
you're gonna look at it look it up and
you're gonna say yeah yeah he was a
little bit wrong I'm closing China and
the president was right so the president
is setting up this this duality where
you've got the experts who maybe are
only trying to cover their own butts by
making sure that fewest people die
versus a leader a leader has to take the
experts opinion but weigh it against
economics which also kill people which
also destroy their their ability to live
you know their livelihood etc so I think
this is a really strong persuasion play
in the context of an election here's a
warning in that term I'd never heard
before
as we're all becoming a little bit
smarter about looking at studies and
data and trying to parse the science of
things because we've had to you would
just been forced into paying attention
more than we want to and I'd never heard
this before
it's a term it's called legacy data
laundering and the idea is the legacy
part is you know past information that's
brought forward to today and
illegitimately put in it today's result
the example would be if we discover the
there were people that we should have
said were positive with coronavirus or
we should have said died but at the time
we weren't sure but over time we say ah
you know we should take these deaths
from the past and we should count them
well you can't really plunk them in the
past because the past is already past so
you might say well we found out about
them today so you might plunk them today
which would be misleading because it
would not only be the people who died
that day but you would have added to
them the people who died months ago that
you just realized you should have added
in the totals now I don't know that this
is really going to happen but it is
interesting how many new things we learn
about what to look for so I would say
it's definitely something to look for
but I don't know that the data would be
that corrupt I mean it feels like an
over acclaim to me I don't think
anybody's going to put past deaths into
today's numbers but maybe they would
just look for it
the current projections as I understand
it for how many people might ultimately
be dead from the corona virus in the
United States is a hundred and eighty
thousand now I remind you that I'd ask
people early on the people who are
saying this is just you know a bad flu
season
what number of deaths would make you
change your mind you know if at the end
of the year you had X number of deaths
what would make you willing to say oh
okay you're right that was way more than
a flu you had to take that seriously and
at least some smart people are were
saying in the two hundred thousand range
now is a hundred and eighty thousand
enough to say okay you said two hundred
thousand well 180 is pretty close yeah
what do you say still say that's the flu
because even the worst flu season was
less than half of that so is double the
flu a pandemic or is double the flu
double a small problem which is still
the small problem it's up to you but
that's the number we're heading for
I talked yesterday by there was a clip
of Biden saying that quote our culture
is not imported from some African nation
you know our culture is not imported
from some you know Asian country
this is Biden and then he went on to say
that our culture as he calls it is
European now the context as Fox points
out is hey you're taking it into context
the the context was he was talking about
the rule of thumb have you ever heard of
that
so that phrase rule of thumb comes from
Old English common law that a husband
was allowed to beat his wife with a
stick that could be no bigger than your
thumb was big around so it can't be any
thicker than your thumb but if you were
beating your spouse with a stick
actually specifically the husband
beating the wife with a stick there was
only that big well that was okay
according to Old English common law now
Biden had a larger point about our
history etc and Vox was making the point
hey hey hey
he wasn't saying our European culture
was all good he was pointing out
specifically that this European culture
brought with it this specific flaw and
probably others so therefore he should
not be viewed harshly because if you
look at it in context he is criticizing
the European culture at least in part
they came here to which I say how does
that mean that matter how does any of
that matter if he's talking about the
superiority of cultures it's racist
according to the rules that the left has
handed down this is not my rule I didn't
make up this rule but if you're talking
about the superiority of a culture that
happens to be exactly matched with an
ethnicity because when he talks about
African culture he's not talking about
South Africa right he's talking about
Africans and black people that's that's
the only implication you can get when he
says we didn't get our culture from Asia
he's not talking about some white people
who moved to Asia he's talking about
people from that that area and likewise
when he talks about European culture
he's talking about white people from
Europe so if anybody on the right had
said anything like this that any culture
had an advantage or disadvantage over
any other and culture is married to race
in this example Biden's example that
would be canceled in a heartbeat the
fact that the context was criticizing
the European culture doesn't doesn't
change anything
you can't talk if you're on the right
you can't use these words this is stuff
you could not say exactly the way he
said it you couldn't say that if you
were on the right am i right
can anybody what any would you back me
up on that opinion that he only gets
away with this because people are on the
left or giving him cover now if you were
to ask me do am I personally offended by
it I would say no because I don't get
personally offended by things it's just
not my nature to be offended by stuff
but does it seem racist to me the answer
is yeah totally seems racist like not
even a little bit not racist
in fact it's a hundred percent racist if
you were to make a list of the most
racist things you could possibly say
this would be really near the top right
again I'm not saying he had bad
intentions he was indeed criticizing his
own culture which you generally imagine
to be a fair thing you can criticize
your own but the way you framed it was
flat-out racist and Voxx tried to save
him probably did all right
speaking of Richard Grinnell he also had
an interesting tweet in which he was
criticizing someone's created
some of the president and he corrected
him sandy critic Sam Stein I think it
was and he said that that Trump is
calling for a balance and diversity in
academic institutions so he used the
word balance so look for look for that
to see if that becomes more of a thing
I think balance is a really good word
for 2020 because everybody feels like
things are out of whack it's like
everything's just a little out of whack
we just need some balance if you follow
Jeffrey Toobin on CNN there's there's a
strange thing that's happened to my
perceptions and I'd like to run this
past you I can remember a time that
before I was following Trump
I was far more let's say philosophically
aligned with the left
I still call myself left to Bernie in
terms of the objectives of yeah I'd like
everybody to have health care and free
education but unlike Bernie I'm good at
math so I don't know how to get there
you know I don't know how to get there
right away but that's another story so
here's my observation that these days
when I see that the personalities and
the characters on CNN sometimes I see
them as having cognitive dissonance but
sometimes they just seem evil do you
have that do you have that impression
there's some people that you see that
you say that doesn't look like cognitive
distance that doesn't look like
somebody's under-informed
that doesn't look like somebody who just
has a different opinion or different
priorities sometimes they actually look
evil now my assumption is that this is a
subjective illusion based on the fact
that I disagree or I just don't like
what they're promoting what they're you
know what their opinion is and I think
my brain is changing how I look at their
faces until they look like Dima
does that happen to you now again I'm
gonna be very clear on this I think this
is a perceptual illusion it looks like
your perceptual illusion yeah if
somebody said Jennifer Rubin yeah so
actually Jennifer Rubin if I were to say
what she looks like
again this is not based on what she is
so remember the criticism that that
comes from me next this criticism is
about me how I'm seeing the world this
is not a criticism about the people
because I can't read their minds and so
I don't know that they're evil I'm
talking about my perception okay so this
is not about the people just about me
Jeffrey Toobin looks evil doesn't he am
I the only one who sees him Jeffrey
Toobin and I think you know when I watch
Anderson Cooper Anderson Cooper does not
strike me as evil not even a little and
I can disagree with Anderson Cooper on
really basic stuff say oh I don't think
that's right
I can disagree with him on facts
opinions priorities all kinds of stuff
but he never ever looks evil he doesn't
he just looks like he's different world
view when I look at let's say Don Lemon
Don Lemon looks like he's a person who
has a world view so he's shading things
for his worldview and I know he just
looks like somebody with a different
opinion honestly but I think he's
conscious this is just again I'm not
reading his mind this is how it just
looks he looks like he's completely
aware of what he's doing
meaning he knows what team he's on he
knows how to support them he makes that
case he doesn't look crazy and I don't
think he's evil Don Lemon to me does not
look evil he just looks like he's got a
different world view but when Anjali two
bins on he actually looks evil what is
that
right because I'm sure there are people
on the right that literally look evil to
people on the left and then other people
on the right they think well you're
misguided but you're you know you know
Ronald Reagan
maybe people liked him even if they
didn't like his opinions so anyway let
me give you a give you an idea of why
Jeffrey Toobin maybe strikes me as being
evil although we don't know what's in
his heart so that's not an accusation he
mentions that apparently New York State
has a fairly new law conveniently a new
law so in New York the Legislature
passed this bill in October of last year
I guess and in which the New York
District Attorney's can prosecute
someone that the president has pardoned
so in other words New York State put in
put in their own law to override a
presidential pardon in the sense that
they could prosecute somebody in the
state and it doesn't matter that they've
already been pardoned that's a federal
level now I don't understand the
legalities of that so I got lots of
questions but my point is Jeffrey Toobin
is sort of pushing this view that Roger
stone could ultimately be jailed again
if New York State uses this law now even
if you knew this was a thing and even if
you thought it was newsworthy
it just feels evil to bring it up you
know it just feels evil to even mention
it because it feels like mentioning it
makes it more likely to happen because
it's one way to test the public you just
floated up there well suppose New York
State decided to do their own thing you
know how would you feel about that so it
feels like a test balloon which should
disturb you greatly because in my mind a
presidential pardon has to mean
something even if you don't like them
all right
I know I had at least one more thing I
want to say let me just check my quick
notes here and yeah it's probably about
it I think I hit the big points all
right all right I'm looking at your
comments and I see Oh Nadler Dan chef
yeah Nadler and chef Nadler looks like
somebody who had been bullied all of his
life and is trying to win one so again
we can't read their mind so I don't know
what they're actually thinking but the
way they look the way they present
themselves is Nadler looks like a victim
of bullies who was trying to win one
finally Schiff looks like he obviously
knows he's lying so shift just as a
partisan he doesn't look crazy he
doesn't look like he has cognitive
dissonance whatsoever schiff does not
look like he is confused about anything
in my opinion he looks like he knows
exactly what he's doing and it's not
good all right New York state bail is
discriminate discriminatory to poor
people yeah this it is Stone should be
in prison you know I wonder if there's
any alternative to bail yeah is there
any way to to democratize that and make
it a GoFundMe situation so that poor
people would always get bail but that
would still be some recourse or bail
bondsman to take them back if they jump
bail I don't know a federal pardon
applies only to federal laws that's true
and that's those are some of the
questions I have about why this New York
law is even special because if if a
state can prosecute anybody anyway I
don't even know why you have to bring up
the presidential pardon slaughter meter
is at a hundred percent today and the
the superior registrations for the Geo
here and the reason let me let me give
you a reason why I think the GOP is
going to out register the Democrats are
you ready here's the mental state of a
Democrat
I hate Trump Trump is bad but I'm also
watching these protesters and I'm also
watching black lives matter and about a
half of Democrats I'll just pick a
random percentage let's say half are
saying to themselves you know I don't
really want to live in a world in which
the protesters got everything they
wanted so I'm a little lukewarm about my
own side don't you think there are going
to be a lot of Democrats who say and
don't want Trump but my own side is
scaring me a little bit so I'm just sort
of lukewarm on my own team at the moment
and Biden Biden doesn't have a brain so
so I feel as though the Democrats will
be divided into you know hyper hyper
interested people but not many of them
and a whole bunch of people are like
yeah I can see why it's better trust a
win but I don't know if I want to win
this one so I see ambivalence on the
Democrat side which is never a good sign
for winning an election now let's look
at the Republican side what is the
primary motive of a Republican once you
hear me say this you will never be able
to get it out of your head and you will
think that the election has already been
decided I'm gonna give you a two-word
phrase and the moment you hear it you're
gonna do this you're gonna sit back in
your chair and you're gonna go oh I
see that now you ready
Republicans view this election as an
extinction event how'd that make you sit
in your chair Republicans view this
election as an extinction event
meaning that if it goes the wrong way
Republicans will become extinct they
could lose the house and they could lose
the demographic fight meaning that
immigration would be a level where no
Republican could win ever again
Democrats are fighting for something the
half of them don't want which is this
excessive change half of them don't want
what their own team wants Republicans
name me one Republican who doesn't think
this is a potential extinction event for
Republicans and the answer is none none
there is not any Republican by election
day because that message will be
reinforced by election day there will be
zero Republicans who do not view this
election as an extinction event for
their way of life who votes more not
even close at the moment this election
should not be closed and the polls are
going to be so wrong so
wrong because do you register to vote
for an extinction event even I might
register to vote this time and I don't
register to vote because I don't think
that I know which candidate is going to
be the good candidate but I do know what
an extinction event it looks like and
it's this so if I were to register I
would register
well actually I might even register as a
Democrat and just vote Trump so I'm
thinking of doing that my register
Democrat because I have some
philosophical leanings in that direction
but not not nearly as much as not in
type but just sort of philosophically
but not in in operationally but I would
vote against an extinction event and I
would vote against losing the two-party
system as opposed to voting for a
candidate because I think voting for a
candidate just puts you on the team and
yeah maybe at this point
I my objectivity is so compromised it
doesn't make any difference so I would
even I would consider voting this
election and I don't vote but it's just
not about the candidates anymore it's
about the entire system I would vote to
maintain the system more than I would
vote for a candidate so I don't know if
anybody said what I've said yet but
wait'll you hear this phrase extinction
event referred to as what's going to
happen to Republicans and their way of
life because that's what says think it's
an extinction event for Republicans
somebody says I love it when you cuss
about the wrong things somebody says
you're already voting for Biden and your
safety no I did say that let me let me
clarify I have never said I would vote
for a Biden I endorsed him so I can
endorse Biden register Democrat vote for
Trump and nobody else I mean I don't
even care about the rest of the ticket
vote for nobody but Trump and I'm still
consistent I've endorsed by deny my
safety but I also want the system to
survive all right
do I like the way California is being
run I don't like the results so to the
extent that the way things are happening
is because of the way things are managed
and frankly you can't always know that
but it does look like that you know it
looks like I would like to have a better
outcome so yes
why don't you cite don't know what
you're talking about
yeah you know the other thing is I'm
hearing a lot of libertarians and people
who are sort of in the middle who didn't
vote who have decided to vote for Trump
and I think it is this extinction event
that's going to make the difference I've
told you in terms of in terms of
persuasion fear is always the primary
motivator
so people will be less likely to vote
for a new thing that may have some risks
than to vote to save themselves from
death you know people will vote more for
death to save themselves from death all
right that's all I got for now and I
will talk to you tomorrow