ba-ba-boom ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba
boom hey everybody I'm glad you're awake
and I'm glad you're here because it's
the best part of the day it's coffee
with Scott Adams and you were about to
enjoy the unparalleled pleasure of
something I call the simultaneous sip to
enjoy it you probably need to have a
glass of mug stein the chalice perhaps a
thermos maybe a glass filled with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the simultaneous up do you
delicious all right here's your question
of the day I want to see your answer in
the comments there is a startling Rhys
and white supremacist white nationalist
violence in this country how many people
died from white supremacists in 2017 I
don't have the 2018 number but how many
total people in the United States were
killed by white to supremacist go
you can't look it up yeah actually it's
more fun if you just give me what you
imagine the numbers your best guess the
total number of people who were killed
by white supremacist in 2017 go I see
zero
I see 42 now neither those are right now
remember I'm talking about 2017 2018
might have been 42 I don't know the
number is 18 18 people 18 people were
killed by white supremacist in 2017 now
I don't know if 2018 and 2019 or looking
worse but let's say they are let's say
they are but if you're going to size it
roughly 18 for the full year of 2017 now
let's let's determine how much of a
problem that is okay let's put it in
context so there were a total of 18
people killed by white supremacist how
many people died from just accidents
just all kinds of accidents put together
in the United States in one year a
hundred and sixty one thousand but there
were 18 people killed by white
supremacists I'm not minimizing that we
should drive that to zero and if it's
doubling or something every year well
you got to worry about it right but I
want to put it in context because
context matters you can never be wrong
with context how many people died from
opioids last year 72,000 how many died
from white supremacists violence 18 in
2017 how many people died from suicide
in this country in one year 27,000 how
many people died from shark attacks in
one year in the let's say in the United
States just Americans how many Americans
were attacked by sharks not dead but
attacked by sharks about the same as the
number of people killed by white
supremacists so roughly speaking shark
attacks and white supremacist violence
about the same size how many people died
on bicycles bicycle deaths in the United
States I only have a 2012 figure but
it's probably not that different from
2019 not much has changed in the world
the bicycles but in 2012
total number of bicycle deaths in the
United States was 722 that means that
the bicycle in your garage if I've done
my math right is 42 times more likely to
kill you than a white supremacist let me
say that again the bicycle in your
garage is 42 times more likely to kill
you than a white supremacist I know I'm
playing loose with the numbers but you
get the idea in terms of the you know
the scope of things how many how many
people were killed by their pets in the
year in the United States how many
people get killed by their own pet
typically a dog so this is mostly dog
maulings the number of people in the
United States killed by their pet per
year is 20 to 30 that's just dog deaths
you can probably add in a few others for
other animals but there are more people
killed by their pets every year in the
United States that are killed by white
supremacists now let's say you're the
President of the United States and
people are blaming you for the rise in
white nationalist racist violence and a
reporter asks you in public
hey is there a big uptick in white
nationalist violence should the
president say it's a big big deal or
should he downplay it that's which is
what he did he downplayed it well if you
say it's a big deal you've just allowed
the the illegitimate press to say that
you're the cause of massive white
supremacist death because you said it's
going up because they're the ones who
have said it's your fault so if you say
it's going up and you let stand the idea
that it's your fault
you've just admitted inadvertently
you're the cause of an uptick of of
terrorism would it be smart for a
president to admit it what is not true
to admit that he is the cause of
terrorism probably not right probably
not a good play have you noticed a trend
in when the president talks about groups
or organizations or countries have you
noticed a trend about the way he talks
about them in public whether it's white
supremacists
whether it's Isis whether it's any other
group have you noticed a trend the trend
is here's the pattern the president
minimizes the president minimizes the
president minimizes any group he doesn't
want to have more recruits so when the
president says the ISIS is you know
there they're on their way out there
they're defeated let's say that's not a
hundred percent true is it good for the
president to say Isis is basically
beaten even if it's only ninety percent
true yes it's exactly what you want your
leader to say even if it's not a hundred
percent true because Isis depends on
some sense of success to support their
recruiting you can't do recruiting if
you're a shrinking group that's being
destroyed everyday you can only recruit
if you're this spunky little group that
can can't even you know that the United
States can't even beat so the president
talks about Isis he minimizes them
because that's what's good for our side
when the president talks about white
nationalists and and that those
terrorists he minimizes them right
because you don't want them to have
recruits now what about what he talks
about the the crime that's crumbing
across the border
the criminals coming across the borders
are not recruiting they simply are
criminals there is no organization which
is the organization of illegal immigrant
criminals there's no sense of recruiting
that is important to that story so when
he says a lot of crime coming across the
border he uses hyperbole he exaggerated
the amount of crime because that's how
you focus on it that's how you take you
seriously that's how it gets funding
that's how it gets a priority so if look
at the president's pattern when well
he's not the president is not improving
recruiting for ms-13 biting that he's
destroying them every day and Isis is
picking them apart and they're being
deported so but when you're talking
about crime in general he is
exaggerating it because that's what gets
resources to fight it when he's talking
about the white supremacist or Isis he
treats them largely the same by
minimizing them because you don't want
to make it look like that's something
that's growing that doesn't help you now
should the president give a speech in
which he speaks out against white
supremacy should the president do that
well I have mixed feelings somebody's
saying no no he should not do it the
problem is that the press has sort of
ruined that option
the reason the press has ruined that
option is that they've set him up so it
looked like he was forced to do it if it
looks like you're forced to do it it
doesn't come across as sincere likewise
no matter what the president said on
that topic they would say why did it
take so long and why did you say it
wrong so there's probably no winning
path there because they're just gonna
say you should have said it earlier and
you said it wrong when you finally did
say it no matter what he says they're
gonna say
and they're going to say we forced you
to do it so it's not sincere now between
now and 2020 it might be a good idea for
him to let the current situation get a
little bit of distance so that it does
not look like he's being forced into it
in other words wait wait until the
headlines have changed from white
supremacist violence because you know
they will change there will be something
else in the news for a while I would
give it a few months and then I would if
I did it so I'm gonna put it if on this
if I were the president and if I wanted
to come out with a strong statement
against against any discrimination
against Muslims
if I wanted to do that I would do it as
sort of a surprise I would just wait a
couple months and then when there's
nothing pushing it in the news and
everybody thinks that the news is no
longer pushing the president that and
only then when it just looks like a good
idea he would be free to do it now he
probably could write it so that they at
least say he said the right things that
could probably be done you know if it's
a written speech you got lots of people
looking at it you could make sure that
it was the right stuff to say but I
noticed that there are people
criticizing him for not being able to
say nice things unless the rather
teleprompter so you're still open to the
sure he can read a speech but unless we
hear it from his own work you know in
his own words
you know extemporaneously and feel the
emotion in it they just think he's
reading the words so he would have to
match anything he read from a
teleprompter he would have to match it
with a good dollop of his own off you
know off record now off record off
teleprompter comments so we'd have to
say it like a human being in front of
the world for anybody to
so should he do it I think there's a
path there but not right away
the sooner he does it the worse probably
but if he wants to do it before before
it becomes a bigger campaign theme he's
got lots of time to do it all right so
you notice that the news will often take
whichever side is the bad side for the
president so in the case of the white
supremacist movement and whether it's
growing or shrinking if you say that
it's doubling from last year that's very
misleading because that could just be
one terror attack all I would take is
one highly effective horrible terror
attack and suddenly the number of white
supremacist deaths
you know people that they've killed
would double or triple so you have to be
careful when you're starting from such a
tiny base so I think it would be fair
for the president to say in terms of all
of our other problems it's one of the
smallest but we're not going to treat it
like the smallest because it could grow
and problems that could grow are
different than problems that are static
right so you could treat the the white
supremacist increase if assuming that
there is an increase you could treat it
as a high priority you know what else
you could do you could declare an
emergency what if the president declared
an emergency I just thought of this at
the moment I'm not sure this is a good
idea but suppose you declared an
emergency two games to get resources to
combat the rise of white supremacy how
many heads would explode if he declared
an emergency because the other side
would have to either argue that it's not
a big deal or they'd have to say he did
the right thing
we know it's not obvious to me why you
couldn't do that yes if the country
cares if they want more resources on it
and I've heard it said and I don't know
if this is true but I've heard it said
that maybe there were there are not
enough resources on dealing with the
rise of white supremacy and that might
be true there might not be enough
resources on that so why not declare a
national emergency to look into it okay
all right new topic my understanding is
that the new jersey city of newark is
looking to do a trial i guess it would
be a test baby of universal basic income
so one city newark is looking at giving
just giving money to people who don't
have an income or are below some income
and just to see how it goes what is your
feeling about that most of you will say
my god that's a terrible idea giving
money to people for nothing and it's a
slippery slope and pretty soon we'll be
giving all of our money to everybody
that would be the worst way to look at
it alright here's the right way to look
at it if you can test it small you
should do it that's the smartest
position for just about anything it
doesn't matter if you're in corporate
America it doesn't matter if it's your
personal life doesn't matter if it's a
government this statement is true across
all realms if you can test in small do
it if you're saying don't try that
because it's dumb you are the dumbest
person in the conversation right if you
say that testing something small is dumb
you're the dumbest person in the
conversation testing things small is
pretty much always a good idea because
you're limiting what could go wrong
you're testing your small so when you
see somebody testing something that you
think is a terrible idea your first
impression should be
good there are only two things that
could come out of this either I'm wrong
which would be good news because we
found a new thing we can do so would it
be great if you thought Universal basic
income was terrible idea somebody does a
test and it worked out great
wouldn't you be pleased what's the other
thing that would please you you thought
all along it was a bad idea
somebody did a test and it clearly
didn't work now you're a genius you knew
all along you should always be in favor
of the test now if you lived in Newark
and your taxes might be influenced by it
well maybe you think something like
different right because that's a
different situation but if you're not in
Newark and Newark wants to do this or
some majority want to do it let them do
it let's talk about aspirin so the news
today is that aspirin may not be such a
good idea
in terms of taking a baby aspirin
preventatively just in case you get a
heart attack if you're let's say over 50
now you should always talk to your
doctor don't listen to cartoonists about
medical advice there are some situations
where your doctor will tell you to keep
taking the aspirin and it usually has to
do with having a a pretty verified risk
of heart attack but if you have a
healthy heart and no special markers for
risk the newest information based on I
guess 3 new studies as that aspirin
might do more bad than good meaning it
could make you bleed more but it's not
adding enough in terms of preventing
heart attack damage to to be worth it
now here's the interesting question what
percentage of scientists believed you
should take an aspirin last year
what percentage now I've asked this
question before and there's this weird
false memory thing that happens I
thought that that was the standard
recommendation in other words if you had
asked me a year ago I would have said
yeah pretty much all scientists and all
doctors say you should do that over 50 I
thought it was close to a universal
recommendation and I think I sent that
on a periscope and somebody said that's
just not true and then you start
researching it you find you can't really
find you can't really find any number
that says that it was always true that
the experts said you should take a baby
aspirin so that's actually probably a
false memory that I had so I probably
have some kind of a false memory and
some of you do too the aspirin was you
know basically universally recommended
by the experts I think if you dig into
it you'll find that the scientists were
a little bit more mixed all right
so that's an open question could you
find how many scientists or how many
doctors were pretty confident about that
in the past I don't know what that
number would be I would like to invite
anybody on to this periscope as a guest
you can just click the option that says
you want to be picked as a guest to join
me specifically on the question of the
97% of climate scientists being on the
same side so if you if you believe that
97% or even 100% of scientists are on
the same side on climate change I want
to talk to you to see if I can reprogram
your beliefs so I so this is an offer to
reprogram anybody who believes that 97%
of scientists are on the same side when
it comes to climate change I want to
talk to you live if you believe that's
true all right what do you think is more
dangerous the rise of white supremacist
or the press so I've told you that white
supremacists killed 17 people in 2017 so
that's their death count let's say it
doubles you know maybe there's
thirty or so people killed per year by
white supremacist which is way too many
way too many but let's compare it to the
death toll from the press right so here
are some things that the press has done
the press gave us weapons of mass
destruction now you could say that
really that was the government fooling
the people but I would argue that if the
people were not onboard with war in Iraq
it couldn't have happened so the Press
by by promoting the fake news that Iraq
had weapons of mass destruction probably
caused the death of millions of Iraqis
and X thousands of Americans so I'll say
the press has killed say three million
people or whatever it is in Iraq I don't
know what the number is but something in
that range what about the press let's
say how about the press the way they
treat climate change if climate change
is real real in the sense that it's a
dire emergency and and human cost so
that's what the press has been promoting
if that's true that it's also true that
they have not been promoting the only
thing that could fix it which is new
designs of nuclear power the so called
generation four that don't have a risk
of meltdown and don't really have much
of any other risk and we know how to
make them you know we should they
iterate a few more times but we also
know how to iterate so if the press is
telling us we're doomed but the solution
they're pushing something like a green
new deal would make things worse then
the press is putting the entire planet
at risk by not by not focusing on the
only solution which is nuclear all right
so I would say that the press is putting
let's say another billion people at risk
if the press if the press is accurate
about the risk of climate change then
they are complicit in killing in the
future maybe a billion people and
destroying the economies of the world so
that's on them but the white supremacist
may be twenty or thirty people though
killed what about health care do you
believe the health care is unsolvable
because Congress can't work it out
that's what it looks like right it looks
like Congress can't figure out how to
improve health care and that's true but
why why is it that the Congress can't
sell health care well I would I would
propose it's because they don't have the
public behind any particular solution so
Congress can't really act without the
public being in favor of what they're
gonna act in at least in some majority
way what is the public's opinion on
health care well the public has been
split into two camps by the press and
those two camps can't get together one
says some kind of universal health care
or one says anything but that can't you
can't put those together if the press
were reporting on all the things that
let's say capitalism can do to lower
health care costs if the press were
reporting that the current
administration is actually doing quite a
bit to reduce or a to increased
competition for drugs for example if
they had been a big story that's what
you'd be thinking we should do more of
if the press we're focusing on the
startups that are looking to lower let's
say the cost of lab tests the test the
press that will lower the cost of MRIs
you know I'm sorry the startups that
will do that if the press was treating
the health care issue in a productive
way instead of a split the sides way
probably we would have better health
care so let's say let's say the press
kills 100,000 people a year by treating
Healthcare wrong so that would be
another body count for the press let's
look at the border wall and border
security here we have a case where
Republicans want better border security
Democrats want a better border security
the same Republicans want to listen to
the experts when they decide how to
spend their money on border security the
Democrats want to look at experts to see
how to spend their money on border
security same but what did the press do
the press turned those two sides that
are basically the same and for you know
all of history until recently they
worked it out there have it there has
been border security funding in the past
there was no big problem because both
sides wanted it both sides wanted to
look at the experts to figure out how
exactly to do it but the press made it
impossible this time for for the
Democrats to say yes do anything the
Republicans wanted because the press had
split the country so the press wouldn't
even let border security improve which
of course would save lots of lives
because the less crime the crims cross
the less the less people are victims of
crimes now I know what you're gonna say
but what about the percentage of crimes
because the people coming across have a
lower percentage of crimes in general
than the citizens I don't care about the
percentage if I'm dead because somebody
killed me who was an illegal immigrant
the last thing I'm going to say with my
dying breath is well at least the
percentage of crime is low compared to
the average that's the that's the least
likely thing I'm going to say so let's
say that the press is responsible for a
crime coming across the border because
they're the ones who are stopping the
solutions so I could probably go on but
I would say that the press is an
emergency situation if you look at the
death toll whereas the way supremacist
are a potential gigantic problem that is
at the moment a small one and you should
probably be serious about the small
problems that couldn't become big
problems maybe it may be an emergency
declaration would be just the thing all
right if you're following my ongoing
saga in which I'm I've been talking
about the fake or let's say the false
memory that the president once said that
the racists in Charlottesville were fine
people so that's that's a false memory
that is shared by at least half the
country now people have been asking me
write recently why are you calling that
a false memory when it's just obvious
that the Democrats and CNN and MSNBC
it's just obvious that they're just
flat-out lying about it it could not be
more obvious because here's the document
here's what the president said and then
here on the same at the same day in the
same statement he specifically excluded
the racists from being good people and
he specifically condemning them totally
so so there's no question about the
facts the facts are unambiguous not in
question when you actually look at them
nobody questions them so you can look at
the video you can look at the
transcripts and still people say but
it's not there so you say to yourself
okay the only explanation for how
somebody can look at the transcript this
as I'm excluding the racist I condemn
them totally the only way you could
interpret condemn totally as their fine
people is if you are going to just lie
about it here's a little bit of
understanding about reality that maybe
you need to catch up it's very unlikely
that people are looking at it is simply
deciding to lie when there's such a
clear public record of the opposite it's
not the sort of lie
that most people would even think to
take on because it's so easily disproved
here's the far more likely and I'll put
it in terms of likelihood you can never
know what's of the mind of every person
the greatest likelihood and this is
freaky is that people can look at the
statement and even as they're reading
the statement the sentence that debunks
everything they believed is true even as
they're reading it its disappearance so
in their minds they're erasing the new
information at the same rate that is
coming in or they bring it in and you
can observe that they'll act like they
had never seen it within 60 seconds so I
did a demonstration here on periscope in
which I showed you somebody who I don't
think there's a slightest chance that
the person that that ID programmed on
periscope was lying because you could
tell by the way they expressed it they
deeply believed in their own false
memory of the event and then when it was
proven beyond any doubt because you can
just read the transcript and it's as
clear as it could be
they they have a mental like a reboot
their brain just shuts off for a minute
and that's typical if you're a hypnotist
is something you've seen a lot they'll
say that one sentence is a lie yeah
which is sort of ridiculous so I would
say based on my experience as a
hypnotist and based on all so here's the
important part I do have some insight or
information about CNN so you should
assume I have some sources and my
sources tell me that they actually
believe it's true in other words CNN is
operating from the same false memory as
the people they're talking to that it's
not a lie it's actually they think it
happened so they just say it now my best
guess for how this false memory was
formed is that the president said two
different but related things and people
are conflating them in their mind one
thing he said
was that there were some bad actors on
quote both sides what he was talking
about both sides of that context of the
bad actors he was specifically talking
about the racists and specifically
talking about antifa now he got in
trouble for acting as though they were
somehow morally equivalent which is just
sort of the the idiots way of arguing
yeah if you want to be if you want to
look like an idiot accuse someone else
of making a moral equivalence that
they're obviously not making all right
now the president was obviously not
comparing Nazis to protesters he was
saying quite honestly and quite
truthfully there were bad actors in both
places and you can't let people get away
with being a bad actor doesn't matter
that one's up here in ones you know ones
down here he's the law and order
president the law and order president
doesn't say well you were murderer but
you only be somebody badly so those are
not equal murderer is not the same as
you know assault those are not in the
same category so I guess the assaults
okay nobody says that you say they're
both bad so anyway the president said
that both sides were were bad actors or
had bagged at bad actors among them that
part's true
separately and on the same topic he said
that there were fine people on both
sides but then he went on to clarify
that that context when he was talking
about fine people he said specifically
I'm not talking about the neo-nazis and
the white supremacist I condemned them
totally so he changed his context from
started to talk about bad deeds done by
antiphon and bad deeds done by the Nazis
then those were the two sides for that
context but in the same conversation
about the same event he changed the
meaning of both sides he told you he was
changing it he said it specifically
he said now he said I'm not talking
about the Nazis in this context but they
were finding people there the context
meaning protesting the statutes so I
think that's where the false memory
comes from is that they're conflating
the two conversations as if they're one
that's probably where it came from I
doubt there it would be it would
surprise me if there's any you know
major personality or producer at CNN who
is literally thinking to themselves well
I know this isn't true I know this isn't
true but I'm gonna put it out like it is
because I don't like that President
Trump could be possible you can't say
that doesn't exist but in all of my
experience of false memories persuasion
hypnosis and then my personal contacts
and well as well as all of my
observations and interactions online it
very clearly peers that people have a
false memory and I've yet to see solid
evidence that somebody was just lying
for effect
I haven't seen it yet but it could exist
there could be people doing that all
right let's talk about the president
slamming on John McCain we live in this
weird world where we we can't have
nuance about anything it's like it's not
allowed so we're not allowed to think
that Senator McCain was a war hero and
generally effective senator at the same
time he was a completely destructive I
would say bordering on traitorous actor
in his final years of life so I would
say that all the the scorn that the
president is sending at McCain
completely completely valid as long as
you're allowed to think that he could be
a war hero in his youth
and a total douchebag in his final year
of life those are not mutually exclusive
you could do something that's just the
worst thing ever
a year before you died and that doesn't
change the fact you were a war hero we
can keep that let's keep that part why
not
so what's the funniest part about this
is of course the president was once
deeply criticized for criticizing McCain
because he was thought to be above
criticism so even though you know the
president told the same joke that Chris
Rock would tell in his stand-up comedy
about preferring people who didn't get
caught literally it's a Chris Rock joke
but people kind of thought okay he's
McCain is too holy he's too much of a
hero you can't really criticize the hero
do you know that's just wrong but now
it's clear that he was not so much a
hero in his later life and that if the
reporting is true and you never know do
you never know what's true these days
but if the current reporting is true and
he was behind passing the bastille
dossier along to the media well then he
was just a bad actor and i think the
president is having fun well let me put
it this way i when i was reading the
president's tweets about mccain i
immediately got this cartoonish image of
the president using McCain's dead body
to flog his living opponents it's like
he's using he's using became as a club
it's like let's dig them up and use them
as a I'll just be you guys with McCain's
dead body hear about that I told you I
was right in the first place not so much
a hero now I guess the facts came out
I'm gonna beat you with McCain's dead
body and of course people will say how
could you say that how could you say
that how can you be so disrespectful and
the answer is he did not earn my respect
McCain earned my respect as a
as a war hero and I'm glad to give it as
a politician in his later years
despicable despicable alright let's talk
about so what will be interesting about
our current time this is some day in the
future people will have a false memory
that President Trump
colluded with Russia now what's the
primary evidence that Trump colluded
without Russia obviously Muller doesn't
have anything or we would know by now
but people will still say well okay
maybe Muller didn't have anything but
just you know look at this Papadopoulos
guy talking to a Russian and that
Russian was connected to the Kremlin
look at Don junior and Jared going to
that meeting and there was that Russian
lawyer there and well she was connected
to the Kremlin have you noticed the
pattern that if anybody in the that who
has any connection with Trump talks to
any Russian that that Russian is
described as having connections to the
Kremlin okay now let's take that as a
given well hold that in your mind every
contact with any kind of Russian that
had anything to do with the Trump
Universe those Russians are described as
connected to the Kremlin
now separately there's the steel dossier
in which British X PI X by there's no
such thing as an X by you should know
that first he he went to Russia and got
Russians to give him false information
about Trump now the only Russians that
we've heard of that don't have a
connection to the Kremlin are
Christopher Steele's Russians do you
believe that the only Russians and all
of these stories that coincidentally are
not connected directly to the Kremlin
are the ones that Christopher still talk
to what are the odds seems to me that
every Russian who can afford a suit is
connected to the Kremlin according to
the news oh but but not the ones that
Christopher still talk to you
what were they were they bellhops at the
hotel I don't think so have you ever
heard who Christopher Steele talked to
I've never heard it reported dude do any
of you know this who exactly did
Christopher steel talk to they gave him
Russian information because he must have
talked to somebody who was attached to
the Kremlin steel had been to getting
the story from the CNN blog post some of
the story but not all of it there was
something about that he talked to
Hillary all right but but ask you that
what why is there no obvious reporting
that Christopher Steele talked to a
Russian who had a connection to the to
the Kremlin when they all seemed to be
connected to the Kremlin but that one's
missing all right here's another false
memory test
now climate change if I said to you
which of these statements do you have a
memory of okay I'm going to give you two
versions of reality current reality and
you tell me which one you remember to be
true version number one of reality is
that climate change models have
predicted accurately that's version one
version two no climate change model has
ever predicted accurately they can't
both be true right those are opposites
climate change models have predicted
accurately to to our current situation
or no climate change model has ever
predicted accurately now you can say
what are you predicting
is a sea-level rise is it melting of the
ice is that is that the heat on the land
is the heat in the ocean is that the
storms what exactly are you predicting
and I'll say anything let's say anything
it doesn't matter what exactly they're
predicting there are two versions
reality one that it has predicted
accurately already and two it has never
reported accurately already guess which
one is true
I've been studying climate change for
months do you know which one is true I'm
gonna tell you which one is true which
of those two versions is true you're
gonna hear for the first time neither
neither I don't think you I don't think
either one of them is true I don't think
anybody's compared predictions to
reality I just don't even know if
anybody's done it now I could easily be
wrong by this wrong in this and probably
em I would say I'm probably wrong about
this more likely wrong than not but
here's the larger point I've been
studying this for months that's the one
question that matters have their
predictions ever been right the only
question that matters all of the other
stuff is good to know right it'd be
great to know if they did this right or
they how did they measure this was there
a mistake with this it said that'd be
great to know but really there's just
one thing I want to know and I don't
know it
I don't know it have you ever seen it
reported on the news I haven't seen it
when was the last time you saw the news
report here was the prediction here's
exactly how they got it right damn
they're good at predicting or the
opposite here are all the predictions
here are all the outcomes and you can
see that none of their models worked
you haven't seen either of those stories
so could you as a citizen have a
meaningful opinion on climate change no
you can't you can only imagine you do
you can only imagine you have a rational
opinion on climate change because you've
never even seen the only fact that
matters have their predictions worked or
not works now some of you have mentioned
Tony eller Tony Heller often talks about
historical predictions that have not
worked and there are a lot of them there
are a lot of climate predictions from
the past if you go back to say the 70s
and 80s lots of predictions that didn't
work but it doesn't matter how many
didn't work if you had a thousand models
that didn't work but you had one that
did that one that did is the one that
matters the other ones are just bad
models right so I only need to know the
one that works it doesn't matter how
many times
Tony Heller tells me some individual
scientist or some individual prediction
was wrong it's totally irrelevant I only
need to know is there one that's right I
don't need to know how many were wrong
and I don't know that all right I
tweeted that apparently most opinions on
climate change line up by political
preference if you're a Democrat you
think climate change is a dire problem
and we should do something about it if
you're a Republican by a big majority
you don't think it's the problem that's
being reported now let me ask you this
if people's scientific opinion
coincidentally matches very very
strongly to their political side is
anybody really looking at the science
it's a you know it's a it's a question
that answers itself the fact that people
have lined up by political party as
opposed to just people disagree
if what you saw was half of the
Democrats were disagreeing with each
other and half of the Republicans were
disagreeing whether it's a problem or
not
you'd say to yourself oh well it's not
about it's not about political
allegiance people have actually looked
at the news they've come to different
opinions but you can know with certainty
that that's not what's happening because
people have just lined up by political
parties so your opinion that climate
change is either settled science or
completely hoaxes wherever you are on
that or if you're anywhere in the middle
your opinion is an illusion of knowledge
you do not have knowledge about climate
science you have an illusion of
knowledge that is almost certainly given
to you by the press on your side of the
political spectrum I know it's hard to
hear but that's true all right there's
there's another study that says people
who drink sugary sodas don't live as
long and apparently people who even
drink
you know Diet versions of the same sodas
also have bad bad health outcomes now
toward the end of the study it said
something like well we don't know if
it's a cause and effect but there's a
very strong correlation if you drink
soda you don't live as long now now let
me ask you this is it your experience
that people who drink a lot of soda take
care of their their fitness and have a
good diet otherwise it might be the
dumbest study I've ever seen because
it's almost a perfect correlation if you
drink soda which is you know very near
the top of the things you wouldn't do if
you wanted a healthy diet it's very
unlikely that you're eating everything
else right and exercising and doing all
the other things that are good for good
health you're probably not sleeping
right you're probably not eating right
you're probably
not exercising now of course there are
people who were doing everything right
except during he soda but guess what
nobody studied them then I don't think
there's a study that says okay of the
people who are doing everything else
right as far as we know they're
exercising they're sleeping right
they're eating all the right foods and
they're eating organic and all that the
only thing they do wrong is they have a
couple of diet cokes every day do those
people have worse health outcomes I
don't know maybe I mean my my sense of
it is that diet soda is probably not
good for you but it's the most
ridiculous study to say that that
correlation should be them translated
into your mind to some kind of causation
all right is there anything else we
haven't talked about I'm going to take
some calls from people who believe that
scientists 97% of scientists agree that
all right so I I'm pulling my microphone
so I can take some calls that's the only
way to hear the caller's if I hold my
microphone so they're looking caller who
believes the scientists all agree
climate change let's see if this guest
is one of those people a little guests
can you hear me yet do you hello Lynn
Lynn yes that's me now do you believe
that 97% of scientists agree on climate
change all right this is gonna be a
loaded question
so I believe that they believe that 97%
of them agreeing on it however I also
have done some studying on scientists
cooking books to make it appear that we
are in a climate change and it started
in 1939 when they said that it was
getting hotter when in actuality it
wasn't and so all those people in the
Midwest started moving to the ghost so I
think they believe what they're putting
out there to be true when in fact it's
false all right I'm looking for somebody
who believes that climate change is real
because the scientists say it is so
thank you for your comment let's see if
I could get somebody to take that
position my guess is that nobody is
going to take that position that will be
literally no one who is willing to back
up the 97% figure for for climb the
site's high collar I've done an informal
survey of the scientists that I know and
they scientists don't tend to believe
things in black and white they tend to
make a judgment based on the pre
ruins of evidence they accumulate
evidence for hypotheses and I can just
say is someone who's made climate change
videos for Al Gore and still am a big
fan of your work that the polar ice caps
are verifiably melting the Seas along
the coast or verifiably rising our Navy
is preparing for the effects of the
rising sea so it looks to me like
there's a problem that the earth is
warming that's my answer
okay um but do you think that 97% of
scientists are on the same page on
climate science has there been a poll of
scientists
maybe I don't qualify for your question
I mean have they polled scientists well
yeah they've been polled at least six
times I think if you go to Wikipedia
you'll see six different polls and
they're all between 90 there they're all
990s to 100% basically do you believe
that's true
I believe it if you think unless you're
asking me if you want to deprogram me
because I'm believing a false well it
looks like I'm not gonna give anybody
who actually believes in the 97% and
here's why you probably should not even
the skeptics are in that group so if you
combine the people who believe there is
a problem with the people who don't and
you add them together what do you get
when you add all the people together
about a hundred percent so the way the
question is formed is do you believe
that humans are creating co2 which
causes warming pretty much every
scientists go say yes but the second
question they don't ask which is how big
of a deal do you think of this that's
the part they leave out so the reason
the 97% is like the primary thing that
the press reports is that it's simple
this is a part of climate science they
can understand you know they understand
polar bears
yes or no 97% hey everybody's on the
same
well the reason is everybody's on the
same side is that they literally added
the skeptics and and and the people who
believe together if you add all the
people together you're almost always
getting a hundred percent and that's why
I happen now I'll just continue on this
point and thank you for the call so
think about that now let me ask you this
the climate science is really based on
but not based on but let's say depends
on measurements in other words there's
somebody measuring the ocean there's
somebody measuring the ice there's
somebody measuring the temperature of
the ocean
somebody measuring the temperature of
land how many people in the whole
universe are involved in just the
measurement part how many people are
climate scientists who are directly
involved in measuring because there are
really the only ones who sort of know
what's going on like they have they have
the best idea whether their measurements
are crazy or if they fudge things or if
or if they've you know if they've
exaggerated so I would say if you're
looking at all climate scientists almost
none of them have been directly involved
in the most basic part of climate
science which is measuring the
temperature over time if you haven't
been involved in that then you are
simply believing the people who did so
in other words you don't have 97% of
scientists who have all personally done
every part of climate scientists and cut
the science and come to the same answer
we're not talking about a group of
people who all went out and put out
their own thermometers they all went out
they they personally measure the ice
they're all depending on a very small
group of people who are involved in say
satellite measurements land-based
thermometers it's got to be a pretty
small pretty small population
all right so the 97% thing is ridiculous
I'm stuck my microphone back in I don't
know if that'll make a difference or not
[Music]
so since I don't know if you can still
hear me but I hope you can
don't you need a pretty big talent stack
also to have a clue yeah you would have
to have talent across multiple fields to
be a climate scientist who had a solid
opinion of things you'd have to know at
least a little bit about a lot of
different fields and that's probably
rare I would imagine there are more
scientists who are in a silo than there
are scientists who are pretty good at a
whole bunch of different fields I would
think that would be rare all right
so I think that's all for today
and I will talk to you tomorrow