bum bum bum bum bum
hello everybody come on in here
gather around it's time for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous set and you the smart fleet
of finger people are here now some of
you wondered why you had not gotten a
notification of my periscope last time
let me move this up a little bit there
we go
and I noticed this morning that the
notification button had been unselected
so I have one more piece of confirmation
bias probably to add to the question of
whether or not there is something called
shadow bending because I certainly did
not intentionally turn off the Twitter
notification but it's off now typically
once you've selected it it stays on
unless there's some condition that turns
it off on its own because I've had that
happen a number of times so I've turned
it back on most of you should see it
this morning and that means you're just
in time for the simultaneous up and you
know how that works you need to cover a
glass or a mug in a Stein a chalice or
tankard you need a thermos possibly a
flask any kind of a vessel to hold your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the simultaneous sip
so did you ever wonder what it would
look like if you were me and you left
your soul and you could float above
yourself and look down at yourself from
above well you don't have to wonder
anymore here you go this is me I'm I've
now left my soul and I'm floating above
my lifeless body that you can see down
here and how cool is this
yes you can see my breakfast I just ate
it let's have another sip but I know you
want to look at my face why wouldn't you
really come on now there we go so let's
talk about the news did anybody watch
both Joe Biden's sleepy speech at the
same day the president trumpet held
forth a longish press conference on the
lawn oh my god the contrast the contrast
it was really it was really amazing so
you saw sleepy Joe who looked like
literally he was sleepy and he looked so
sleepy that even an MSNBC correspondent
called the down at the time and if NBC
is telling you you look sleepy I think
he said that he was he was delivering
prepared prepared speech but he was
doing it without much gusto which is the
way that MSNBC says he's sleepy so
that's the first part that's funny now
if you looked at the backdrop of Joe
Biden's
little clips it's some little boring
room with a boring group of people who
didn't seem very energized so it's it's
sort of gray dull boring white you know
background and then the same day they
switched to the president who's standing
in front of us these green trees this
green lawn and you can hear Air Force
One behind him his hair his golden hair
is blowing in the breeze it it looked
like one of those movies this starts in
black and white and then as the movie
progresses it slowly turns into
full-color movie if you looked at the
Biden stuff and then go directly to the
Trump talk one is operating at no
voltage there's no color there's no
energy there's no nothing there just
lays there like a turd and then you see
Trump and Trump is just like bristling
with physical and you know social energy
I guess you'd call it
his backdrop is incredibly
life-affirming you know green and lush
and you know the wind is blowing and in
the hair is actually even the Sun the
way the Sun was bouncing off the
president it made him glisten and I
realize how this sounds when I'm saying
it but and I'm exaggerating a little bit
but you have to see the two pictures
side by side and and it's it's amazing
contrast but I tweeted that yesterday
was the day that the the experts the
pundits realized that President Trump
took out Joe Biden with one word with
one word Trump has ended
Biden's chances and that word of course
is sleepy because even if Emma if N met
MSNBC is starting to see it you know
that Biden is probably trying to respond
to it the funny thing is that if you
call Joe Biden's sleepy and he's worried
about his energy because he's a certain
age right if you were Joe Biden's age
it would be a legitimate question how
much work you want to do every day how
many events how many hours do you want
to be talking to people so you know it's
in his head that he has to act like he
has energy but he's also trying to sell
himself as the bland option if your
entire marketing campaign is I'm not
going to be exciting like Trump I'm
gonna be normal
I'm gonna normalize things watch out
normal I am we can't really ramp up the
energy I'm normal so he's got a campaign
theme that forces him to be boring
and he's got a boring personality and
not much energy and the president is
just bristling with it so I don't see
any chance that he could win here's the
funny part
apparently in Biden's speech last night
he he started off the speech with the
fine people hoax and said that he
believes that he believes the hoax he
doesn't call it a hoax cuz he still
thinks it's true but he believes that
the president actually called the
neo-nazis fine people in Charlotte's
film which didn't happen the president
said the opposite
anybody who checks the transcript or
watching this is a full video not the
misleading edited version can see that
but apparently there was a heckler in
the audience and the heckler stood up
and haggled them and essentially
fact-checked him i believe I didn't I
didn't hear the tape but I think the
heckler fact-checked him on the fine
people hoax which is hilarious now I I
sent around a tweet after I heard that
and here was my tweet I said I'm worried
about sleepy Joe Biden's health after
seeing him on CNN today the part I was
just talking about
I said his energy is super low and he
thinks the fine people hoax is real
hashtags link Joe now and that got
retweeted by Don jr. so it's kind of
went viral has a few thousand retweets
now here's here's why I worded my tweet
the way I did I'm sort of tired and
maybe I'm past it
I shouldn't say I'm tired even though I
am tired I'm past explaining why the
fine people hoax is a hoax it's in the
transcript anybody can read it
themselves there's no mystery to it but
I've decided to call it a medical
problem because when Biden does it it
does look for all the world like he's
not quite capable because he literally
launched his campaign on the most
obvious easily debunked hoax in the
United States
nothing could be debunked more easily
than looking at the transcript and
seeing that the transcript is the
opposite of the hoax that's about as
easy as you can debunk something and he
and he says he's launching his campaign
on it well now I am actually worried
about him because his campaign is
starting to look like elder abuse you
know whoever it is that who is pushing
Biden in front of the public with that
level of capability is not doing him any
favor because I don't see any way he
makes it to the finish line I mean there
was it being president and he just
doesn't look like he has the energy or
the or the vitality to pull it off so
here's how you know you've hit a nerve
and I've learned this for the last
several years on Twitter whenever I say
something about Democrats or anything
positive about the president that hits a
nerve where people can see it's going to
make a difference my new moved the
needle a little bit the the professional
trolls come out so right after Don
junior retweeted my my statement about
Biden believing the fine people hoax
and having a medical potential medical
problem
the trolls came out so so the moment
that got retweeted my Twitter feed went
from completely sane because I've been
blocking all the bad people like just no
negativity at all just people making
comments they don't all agree with me
but at least they're making polite
comments and then the moment that tweet
went out BAM I got hit with all the all
the trolls who act the same so these are
the trolls who just come in and say what
about Trump's lies and you know he's not
going to leave office and he's crazy and
but but most of them are just insulting
me or or my credibility or whatever so
apparently the the sleepy Joe and
there's something wrong with his health
attacks are very effective because they
unleash the trolls that say you know
you're over the target so that that
seems to be the the winning attack all
right
the president if you looked at the what
the president did in his press
conference it was brilliant
communication style from beginning to
end
so his energy was high he held the room
he controlled the questions he used lots
of visual persuasion he was pointing to
his head and he kept saying that he
wanted to run against Biden because he
goes Biden is the weakest mentally he's
mentally weak and he would point to his
head when he talked about it when when
Trump talked about the Mexican
immigration deal he takes it out of his
pocket apparently it was actually in his
pocket the deal and he holds it up he
and so it becomes a strong visual if you
watch Trump for five minutes you're
going to see him using simplification
energy clarity repetition you know he
repeated the the weak weak-minded thing
he repeated several times so that we
know that was the thing that he wants
you to repeat later
again you know so every every good
technique that the most skilled
presenter would try to train you to use
you watched President Trump use right in
front of you right after Joe Biden
didn't use much of any of those
techniques so I'm going to predict that
some day after the president is end of
office even his critics will say that he
was the best communicator of any
president hands down now there won't be
able to say that until he leaves office
because he you know while he's in office
people just tank sides but once he's out
of office I predict that even as critics
will say he's the best communicator
we've ever seen better than Reagan by
far yes by far I would say then
apparently Bill Maher has said in public
and this this is just mind-boggling
you know I'm pretty sure that people who
dislike the president see lots of things
they think are mind-boggling by
supporters of the president so it works
both ways and I'm aware of that but from
my seat when Bill Maher says he's been
predicting since the beginning that if
Trump loses re-election he won't leave
he won't leave office they he'll try to
stay and become a dictator if he loses
the election now i retweeted just before
i got on here somebody on twitter said
he would take he would take a $1,000 bet
from anybody that would leave office
whenever he's done you know i think
that's the nature of the bet so whether
he loses reelection Nouri just terms out
after the second term the bet is $1,000
for anybody who wants to bet whether or
not the the president will leave so this
fellow is betting that the president
would leave if it was time to leave
[Music]
I will probably make that bet - I
wouldn't do it publicly but if I find
somebody in my personal life who will
bet me a thousand dollars that that
Trump will try to stay in office if he
loses the election I'm gonna take that
back now some of you already know that I
won $500 betting against a Republican
who bet that Obama would not only lose
re-election for a second term but they
he would stay in office and become a
dictator so I've actually won this bet
once American presidents don't stay in
office and try to become dictators it
just doesn't happen and the reason it
doesn't happen even if they wanted to
this because it just wouldn't work even
a little bit you know the United States
our citizenry or government is so
well-trained that there wouldn't be I
don't think any president could find one
I don't think a president literally
could find one aide who would go along
with the plant do you do you think a
president any president could find even
one aide who would say yeah let's do
this I don't think so
why because that Aid has family there's
nobody who doesn't have family so
anybody who has a family knows that if
they were the help a president doesn't
matter who the president is if there
were to help that president stay in
office as a dictator their family would
be dead by that afternoon of course of
course and this is the thing that
everybody always misses about guns
because people on the left like to say
well you know your little guns will be
no use against the weaponry of the
military of the United States once you
know once the dictatorship is formed you
know you can't compete with the military
to which I say nobody's competing with
the military now the mill the people
with guns in the United States would go
directly after the families
they would go after the families of
anybody who was in the military on the
side of the revolution anybody who was
in politics on the side of the
revolution they would all be rounded up
ten minutes after the after the coup
attempt so nobody in the world could be
part of a u.s. revolution unless they
were willing to watch their own family
be slaughtered I mean it would be it'd
be on the internet and about five
minutes so I'm not suggesting anybody do
any of that stuff I'm just saying that's
how it would go and there's no way
around that and so no there's no chance
of a u.s. president in any any world
that looks like our world now it
couldn't happen all right
so the polls
apparently the polls are suggesting that
Biden would destroy President Trump in
an election he'd beat him in all those
important swing states and even even the
other Democrats would beat the president
everybody can beat the president
according to the polls what does that
tell you about the polls doesn't your
common sense tell you that there isn't
any way that those polls could be
accurate it's kind of ridiculous because
the you know there's nothing like an
election that's actually started yet and
there's no you know whatever opposition
research there is that exists on the
Democrats hasn't been dumped yet think
about that the opposition research
against the Democratic candidates hasn't
even been dumped yet we don't even know
what the election looks like until that
got that we also don't know what other
successes and or non successes President
Trump will have between now and Election
Day so there could be all kinds of stuff
happening let me tell you the strongest
the strongest argument for reelecting
Trump are you ready the strongest
argument for reelecting Trump
is China because even if we got somebody
in who wanted to be tough with China as
a Democrat it's sort of a do-over
if we let China timeout to this
president
they will timeout the next one - let me
say that again if China is allowed to
simply weigh down a president who wants
to get tough with them and they just say
four years is not that long we'll just
wait if he loses reelection it's only
four years we'll get somebody who's
easier to deal with and then we'll we'll
go from there so if the citizens in the
United States don't really the president
China will win and China knows it and I
think you know it - the only way China
doesn't get what it wants in terms of
the trade deals and we do is if Trump
gets a second term because I don't think
China wants to wait a second term you
know because a second term president is
going to be pretty tough I don't think
they're gonna go want to go you know
something like eight years or seven
years whatever it is without a trade
deal so that's the strongest argument if
you want the United States to get a good
deal with China Trump's the only waiting
to go at this point I saw the news
reported that Kamla Harris says that if
she gets elected president she'll try to
put Trump in jail meaning that the
Department of Justice under her
administration would she says presumably
pursue whatever against the president
now I think she has to say some more
provocative yet desperate stuff to get
some attention because she's not getting
any attention if if you've seen any of
Kamala Harris's tweets they look like
they were designed by a cardboard robot
if somebody ever made a robot that was
made on a cardboard and and thought like
a cardboard creature
it would make Komal Harris's tweets
they just lay there I've never seen
there's so much boringness in her
statements and then and in tweets they
they literally they just lay there it's
I don't know if it's the lawyer in her I
don't think so because other other
lawyers seem to do okay I would like to
suggest the following thoughts speaking
of lawyers
speaking of lawyers do you think
President Trump could ever lose against
somebody who had been a lawyer it seems
to me that the last thing the Democrats
should do is run a lawyer against Trump
if there's anything that Trump has done
more than anything as his career's beat
lawyers who has beaten more lawyers than
president Trump nobody he's like the
lawyer Slayer the last thing you want to
want to do is run a lawyer against him
[Music]
so let's talk about now I've said I
don't think that the Democrats are
expecting to win in 2020 they'd like to
but I don't think they expect to so I
think that they they probably only want
to run a candidate who doesn't have a
good chance of winning in 2024 because
they don't want to ruin a good candidate
so you know put that person to the cycle
and then have them ruined for 2024 so it
looks like it's just a big old American
Idol situation where they're campaigning
for 2024 and it doesn't matter who they
nominate because that person is going to
get slaughtered somebody's asking me to
comment about Andrew Yang's so Andrew
yang is interesting and here's why he
seems to be the only person who's first
of all suggesting new ideas that are
that actually sound new you know some of
the politicians do you know a let's say
a green new deal plan and even though
it's new ish it sounds like things
you've heard before
whereas Andrew yang as ideas that you
just haven't even heard
I don't even know if they're good ideas
I can't tell but I think he's a valuable
contributor to the process so for that
reason I'd like to see him get on the
debate stage and introduce some new
ideas so that we can kick him around and
maybe 2024's looking good by the way
andrew yang in 2024 that's not a bad
idea people are asking me about the Jon
Stewart thing honestly I watched a clip
of the Jon Stewart thing I have you know
all the same empathy that you do is it
seems that the Democrats and the
Republicans actually agree that what Jon
Stewart was saying was valid and that
the first responders for 9/11 should get
their money to be to be helped
throughout their life so there doesn't
seem to be any controversy on the
question the what people are talking
about is his is Jon Stewart's passion
and his persuasion and his performance
I'm sure they were all good because
everybody said they were good but
there's not much not much meat there we
already knew that Jon Stewart was good
now keep in mind what was the thing that
Jon Stewart was most famous for the
thing he was most famous for as being
one of the best persuaders /
communicators in the world he was widely
understood to be one of the most
effective communicators in the world
so we kind of missed him because when he
you know he left The Daily Show and he
dropped out of the news every day you
sort of forgot how good he was and it's
the same effect you're gonna have when
the president ever leaves the office and
he will leave the office I'll bet a
thousand dollars someday anyway
you're gonna as soon as Trump is gone
you're gonna have the worst hangover
from trying to watch regular politics by
regular politicians the the boredom will
make your head crackin and explode and
Jon Stewart kind of reminded us how good
he was at this stuff
and that's that's about all I'm gonna
say about that all right there is an
interesting story about a robot that
assembles homes and of blocks that snap
together like Legos what have I been
telling you forever I've been telling
you that the future of low-cost home
building will be blocks this snap
together like Legos now there's a video
of a big robot arm that's that's
building the whole house by putting the
blocks where they belong and that's
that's very I would say it was
impressive but here's the thing if you
were a low-income person who had the
ability or let's say if you're a
low-income person and you were going to
live in a home that could be built by a
robot that means it's going to be a
simple home it will almost certainly be
one story because it's you have building
codes and problems when you go out the
second story and if you were that poor
person who could possibly live in a home
that was so cheap that a robot could
build it in in a few hours
wouldn't you prefer building it yourself
and not paying the robot think about it
if the blocks
simply put snap together you'd want to
do most of that work yourself so it
seems to me that the the better model
would be you you put a neighborhood
together you bring the homeowners
together either you maybe after they've
done their day's work or something
whenever they're available you train
them maybe you have one supervisor you
say see this pile of bricks all right
today your job is to pick up a brick one
at a time put it over here in this wall
and all you're doing today is you're
going to build this wall same as your
neighbors they're building an almost
identical
over on their plot I'm teaching
everybody how to build one wall today
that's all we're doing hey everybody we
just carry these bricks over put them
here you built one wall and in a few
weeks with no robots whatsoever just one
supervisor who's saying put these bricks
here tomorrow I'll tell you where to run
the pipe through the bricks you could
build a whole community without a robot
at all and that's got to be cheaper so I
think the key is standard plans that can
be said see here's the key you want to
have some kind of a set of plans for
one-story snap-together bricks that a
one individual working alone could build
most of it might be some things such as
some plumbing and electrical
perhaps that one person can't do but
maybe that too because even the
electrical and the plumbing could be kit
you know there could be plumbing where
things only fit together one way and
it's easy you don't even need a tool
possibly so I think we could get to the
point where we can design a a pre
approved design that maybe let's say
hypothetically the federal government
tells all the states and municipalities
that they have to accept as as building
code ready any of these structures if
they meet the plan the standard plan and
then everybody pour can build the house
just by just by snapping blick bricks
together so I'd say it's definitely
coming I don't know if the robots are
going to be the answer to that or not
there's a report there two interesting
reports out of North Korea and I don't
know if any of this is coincidence so it
seems that there might be elements in
the United States or maybe South Korea
who might be feeding some fake news to
the public so you the first thing you
should say about any news about North
Korea about you know secret and stuff in
North Korea
the first thing you should say to
yourself is it's probably fake news
doesn't even matter what it is whatever
the story is if it comes out of North
Korea and you don't have a you know a
picture and 100/100 credible witnesses
just assume it's not real but the
stories coming out are that there are
these North Korea executions sites that
there are hundreds of places where all
these executions have happened and it's
all very horrible and sometimes the
children are made to watch and you know
at one point there were ceremonial but
now they're used for terror I'm not
going to say that there are no execution
sites in North Korea I'm certainly not
going to tell you that there have been
no executions in North Korea but I
wouldn't believe this story I'm not
saying it's false I'm just saying it's
not credible it doesn't it doesn't meet
the minimum bar for credibility it's so
on the nose as fake news that it's
probably something exaggerated from
something that's true in other words
there might be something true in the
sense that there are sites where people
are executed it may be less true what
the circumstances are of who gets
executed how many people have been
executed under Kim versus the past so I
wouldn't believe the details but maybe
the general idea is true the other story
is that the famous story of Kim jong-un
ordering the execution of his
half-brother you know the story where
the two women touched him and they had
different chemicals when the second
wouldn't touched him with it the second
chemical he died and she died I guess
but now it's been revealed when I say
revealed could be fake news you don't
know that the half-brother was a CIA
asset how does that change the story
think about it for how long have we been
told that Kim jong-un is so evil that he
would kill his own half-brother that was
the story right
where do you think that story came from
the CIA right is it not true that the
CIA or at least the intelligence
services and certainly blessed by the
CIA have been telling the public for how
long that Kim jong-un is so evil he
killed his own half-brother
well it looks like he probably did kill
his own half-brother but if the news is
the current news is true his
half-brother was literally a traitorous
spy working for the CIA now if that's
true that changes the story a little bit
doesn't it because if if a leader is
executing a confirmed the spy that's
sort of what leaders do you know maybe
we would have put him in jail for life
or something but I would expect most
countries probably the majority now
guess the majority of countries in the
world would execute a confirmed spy a
traitor
I think that's standard practice so now
now think about Kim jong-un from that
frame after you've been thinking of him
in the he's so bad he would kill his own
family member frame who told you that
the CIA so so there's a lot about kim
jeong-hoon that maybe just a fake news
from the CIA well I think that's
obviously true so the president if I
heard his comment right I believe he
said that he got a personal letter from
Kim jong-un he did not reveal the
details but I said he was warm and
friendly his relationship is still good
and Trump said he he said two things
that are newsworthy one he said he'd
like to see North Korea with a Kim
jong-un as its leader doing great things
with the economy so he said as clearly
as possible that his vision Trump's
vision is North Korea with Kim jong-un
in charge doing things that are helping
his own country I don't know that we've
ever said that before and that is
probably the important thing to say
that's that what that's what gets a good
relationship the second thing he said is
that
and I think he was referring to the
report that the CIA had turned his
half-brother Trump said something like
that wouldn't happened with me in charge
in other words he was assuring Kim
jong-un that that the you know the bad
spying on his regime of flipping his
family member would not happen under
Trump who knows who knows if you can
make a commitment for what the CIA will
do it wouldn't be the CIA if we told
people what they were doing so I'm not
sure you can take that at face value
because we're talking about the CIA all
right so yeah it was Brennan's CIA was
it was Brennan in charge when was
Brennan in charge when Kim's
half-brother got killed
so people are asking me my thoughts on
tulsi gabbard I haven't weighed in on
her because I haven't spent a lot of
time looking into her because her
polling is low if she if she makes more
of a dent in the in the field poll why
is all all started talking about her a
little bit but at the moment she's too
low in the polling for me to get too
serious all right
I'm just looking at your comments
alright that's about all I have for
today
yeah yesterday's video is not on
periscope there's a story but it's not
interesting
so I'm not going to tell you it but
don't worry about it it's not
nobody got shadow band in terms of that
video so the video that is not unpair
escaped in the archives you can find it
on YouTube in fact you can find any of
these any of these periscope sub on
youtube if you just search for real
coffee with scott adams and that's where
you'll find out a high-quality replay
some people prefer the youtube replay
interface alright
somebody says Chernobyl is worth
watching yeah you know my understanding
is that the Chernobyl movie is factually
so inaccurate that it might be worse to
watch it that not to watch it my
understanding is that if you watched it
you would come away with probably a
permanent sense of fake news in other
words you wouldn't understand what
happened at Chernobyl if you watch the
Chernobyl miniseries because it is
riddled with inaccuracies according to
some experts oh yes so there's a
miniseries from I guess Netflix on the
Central Park five you all know the story
about the Central Park five there were
five five young men who were blamed for
raping and brutally beating a jogger and
Central Park became a big story in 70s
70s I guess and Trump did a full-page ad
in The New York Times saying that maybe
bad people should be executed
now he didn't mention the Central Park
five but it happened at the same time so
people assumed that that's at least was
sparked just thinking about executions
they were exonerated exonerated or found
not guilty anyway there
they were not found guilty for that
specific crime and they were released
that made people say that President must
be all racist because he said that
innocent people should be executed and
they happened to be black well of course
all of that is fake news number one he
never mentioned race anytime that he was
ever talking about it not directly and
not indirectly race he never mentioned
he only talked about crime the way he
still talks about crime there's no story
there Trump talking about crime and
being tough on crime is no different
than what he does now and had nothing to
do with the ethnicity of the people
secondly the there was just a news story
recently that the prosecutor so there's
a woman who was the prosecutor for the
Central Park five she said that she
agreed with the decision to release them
for the specific crime of the rape and
the beating of that woman but she says
that there was plenty of evidence that
they had been evolved in assaults and
theft and rioting I guess was her word
so that the activities in the park of
rampant crime there was some amount of
evidence that they were they were guilty
of unrelated crimes so she was not not
in favor of them being released on
everything but I guess they've been so
smeared by the crime they were not
committed they had not committed that it
looked like justice to release them for
the other things I don't I don't know
maybe that looked like justice at the
time I'm not going to judge it because I
wasn't there but it's fake news that the
President did something racist if you
look at the facts you don't see any any
even mention of race it's just about
crime and the people who think the
Central Park thing was about race are in
fact racists because they're bringing
there they're injecting race where there
was none at least in terms of the
president's candidate no I mean pre
president Trump's comments there was an
was no discussion race until the racists
added it later alright so somebody's
asking me who would I bet on if Justin
Bieber fought Tom Cruise because that's
actually a thing Justin Bieber has
challenged Tom Cruise to a some kind of
a fight in the Octagon I would go with
Tom Cruise because I think you have to
go with strength over two inches of
height on the skinny guy so my guess
would be if Tom Cruise and Justin Bieber
fought that Tom Cruise would go directly
into his body and finish him off in
about a minute and a half I think it
would be a short fight I think I don't
know I mean there's Tom Cruise's in his
50s but if he's as fit as he looks it
looks like he could just move into his
body and just take him apart
yeah age matters but it's not going to
matter if if Cruz got his hands on
Bieber if they got into a you know a
close situation I think it would only go
one way alright that's about all I got
for now I've got a travel day I'm gonna
go home from Vegas today oh let me tell
you a story one here a Vegas story so
day before yesterday Christine and I
were doing little minor gambling at the
casino
and when I say minor I mean we don't we
don't gamble big dollar amounts so
Christina goes to the one of the tables
and for blackjack and she played 12
hands in a row and if you know anything
about blackjack the the house and the
player should win around fifty percent
of the time so the house wins a little
bit more often but it's close to about
half
so if you know how to play blackjack you
would expect you you'd win about half
the time but a little less than half
that would be normal right of the hands
not you would lose most of the time if
you kept playing but on any given hand
you would expect to win about half the
time a little under half so what do you
think are the odds of losing twelve
hands in a row can they then that's all
we played what are the odds that at a
table with just the one player Christina
and one dealer what are the odds
you can lose 12 in a row of course it
happens now
can somebody calculate the odds on that
yeah and somebody somebody do the math
and give me the actual number on that
how many decks multiple decks but they
were using a shuffling machine so the
shuffling was somebody said 4,000 to
1.02 percent so it looks like the
engineers are weighing in so the odds
are 1 in 4,000 okay now so there was a 1
in 4,000 chance that that would happen
how many times as as that happened in
the same casino I've watched it happen
several times in the same casino now not
12 in a row but something like 10 and a
12 loss routinely in this same casino I
won't mention it now here's the here's
the fun part one of those 12 hands she
actually won and the dealer cheated and
when I say the dealer cheated it was
probably an honest mistake but the
dealer the dealer busted
which means the dealer lost and then the
dealer took Christina's money and
Christina and and he picks up the cards
and Christina says wait a minute you
lost that hand you just took my money
and you lost
and the dealers got the cards in his
hand he goes no no you know you I beat
you fair and square and she goes no call
the supervisor over let's see this on
video because they're video cameras
watching every table so the supervisor
comes over and the the dealer says no I
I did a right look and he puts down the
cards to show which cards he had and
which cards she had except she he takes
one of his cards the card that busted
him and puts it on her pile and I was I
was watching so I know that what he did
because he when he picked him up he had
to mixed up and when he puts him down he
puts him in the wrong order so the
supervisor comes over and she looks at
the cars and she goes well no he won
look at the cards and I said those are
not the cards he put his card on her
pile so she was polite and professional
but it was obvious that she didn't
believe us so so I said well play it
back in the video let's see so they play
it back in the video we had to wait like
five minutes for them to get the replay
in play it and of course of course they
reversed it and they apologized
profusely said oh we're so sorry you're
a hundred percent right you know they
saw it the way we described it and they
reversed it so we won so Christine's
lost 12 hands in a row but one of them
wasn't even a loss but they still played
it in losses and but here's my
interpretation of what happened this
dealer had just basically he'd won
something like 11 in a row against one
player there was only one person at the
table when the 12th one happened he was
so conditioned to winning every single
hand that he couldn't even count in
other words he didn't even imagine that
she could win it wasn't in his I don't
even think his mental model allowed that
she could win a hand so when he lost he
just collected the money just like the
other 11 times it was sort of freaky so
so we said to ourselves
we have never seen anybody win in this
casino it's a high-end casino it's one
of the good ones so he said let's walk
all the way to the inexpensive part of
town where the odds are better and see
if we can win over there so we took a
long walk through the 100 degree heat to
get some exercise and we end up that the
let's say a lower end casino on the far
end of town so we play the slot machines
where we've lost basically every penny
we put in at the other casino just was
like a reverse ATM so we sit down at
this slot machine in this other casino
and next thing you know we'd make $100
we won $800 like in five minutes so
we're like oh my god we won nothing at
that of the casino so we take our $800
and we say what'll happen at the
blackjack table so Christina goes to
blackjack table and Gamble's for I don't
know 45 minutes or an hour or something
like that
comes out ahead just a little bit but
she Gamble's for an hour wins more than
she loses and you know we called it a
night so the difference between the
casino and the the poor end of town and
the casino about the rich end I'm not
going to say that the games are fixed I
will just say that the experience of it
is identical to as if the games were
fixed so I want to be careful about that
I'm not alleging I'm not alleging that
said casino that I'm not mentioning has
fixed the games I'm just saying that I
don't know how to explain it except the
the weirdest set of coincidences that
seem to happen every time we come here I
mean it could be a coincidence every
time
so I don't know how to explain but that
was the experience anyway no guessing on
the name of the casino that wouldn't be
fair because as I say there there's
nothing here that I can confirm in any
way just the experience of it is as if
one of the casinos was legitimate and
the other was not but I'm sure that if
somebody checked into it it would all be
fine
did she play perfect a basic strategy
yeah I mean we did the hit on the right
times and don't we hit on the wrong time
stuff all right I will talk to you all
tomorrow