wake up everybody wake up I know you had
an excellent Super Bowl Sunday but now
it's Monday it's time to get serious
with coffee with Scott Adams you came to
the right place
yes if you would like to enjoy coffee
with Scott Adams all you need is a cup
or a mug or glass a tanker chelators tie
and a canteen jugger flasks a vessel of
any kind filling with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the dopa
beat of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip it's gonna be a
good one
go Oh super bullish I must say so
whether you cared or didn't about the
Super Bowl it did produce some news fail
some interesting things anyway let's
talk about those number one is it a
coincidence that Trump keeps winning and
not only does Trump keep winning even
things that are sort of loosely
associated with him keep winning because
if you've got a Super Bowl that's Kansas
City middle of the country sort of you
know Trump territory essentially against
San Francisco Pelosi territory
everything's really about politics now
isn't it it's sort of all about politics
even if you don't want it to be even if
it's not supposed to be it is no I I
missed the opening but correct me if I'm
wrong I don't believe anybody was
kneeling for the national anthem am i
right
fact-checked me on that I don't believe
anybody was kneeling that's sort of a
Trump victory took a while but there we
are
so trump and trumpism sort of gets the
win over San Francisco I had
I confess to having mixed loyalties
there now I have to tell you I don't
know anything about football you know I
used to watch it I don't watch it
anymore it's the only game I watched
this year was the Super Bowl I didn't
know the name of the quarterback for
Kansas City until the game itself I
wasn't sure about the name of San
Francisco's quarterback until the
playoffs recently so I came into this
with no knowledge whatsoever turned it
down a few minutes into the game and I
watched her ohm is that his name
her aim who was it was the quarterback
for the Kansas City I forget her name
her home anyway I watched him throw one
pass and from that one pass I just said
to myself I don't think San Francisco is
gonna win because just watching that one
pass I just thought to myself I don't
think that looks normal I don't know
that much about football but whoever
threw that thing is not like the others
so I did think San Francisco was gonna
win when they were ahead but when I saw
that guy's arm I thought I don't how you
beat that you look pretty good in the
homes thank you anyway everybody's
jabbering about the halftime show and
Jenny from lock JLo and Shakira did a
little bit too sexy pole dancing crotch
grabbing rendition of their act leaving
many people with conflicting feelings I
have to admit it's not exactly what you
want to be watching with your kids you
know I mean it doesn't bothered me
personally but I totally get how other
people would be bothered by it so I
acknowledge that and it was interesting
in terms of what it says about the
country and about where our heads are at
cetera I think they got away with it
meaning that
you know Jennifer Lopez and Shakira are
just so well loved and popular and and
whatever they can kinda get away with
what people other people couldn't get
away with so I I thought it was a great
show I have to tell you I saw Jennifer
Lopez live performing in Las Vegas
within the past year and you watch her
perform live for I don't know how long
the show is an hour or whatever it is
and for an hour she's doing intense
physical activity dancing and singing
and when you see her actually sort of in
person meaning you're in the audience
and you know there's there's no camera
between you and her and the whole time
you're thinking what does she do for her
fitness that she can look like that and
do that it's honestly the most watching
her in person at her at her current age
doing what she does looking the way she
does it doesn't even seem real I do not
know how she could because she doesn't
look like she had a lot of plastic
surgery you know one assumes that
everybody at that level is getting a
little bit of work but she doesn't show
signs of it I would say that you almost
have to see Jennifer Lopez as an athlete
more as much as an entertainer as an
athlete it's really impressive what
she's managed to you know do and get out
of her her physicality is just really
really impressive so I'm a big fan and
maybe it was a little too sexy but we'll
get over it all right let's talk about
the bloomberg box you may have noted
already yesterday I did a Superbowl
commercial for my invention the
Bloomberg box it's an actual box that
you can stand on to even things up if
you are not quite debate height now as
luck would have it I think I'm almost
exactly the same height as Bloomberg so
I think I'm supposed to be I'm 5 foot 8
so I think I'm supposed to be insulted
by all this
talk of shortness I'm not
it just seems funny to me so the whole
thing is just a little bit silly
certainly I don't think that Bloomberg's
height stopped him from earning fifty
six billion dollars and becoming
Bloomberg so obviously it's not really
it's not a real issue but it is
something that would probably matter if
he stood on the stage now here's the
funny part
Trump is playing that he creates this
rumor so that everybody has to
fact-check it and I want I want to read
to you his exact quote on this I guess
it was in his interview yesterday it's
just so funny that he does this because
you know it's intentional and remember
when he would do this you know three
years ago and I would be the only person
who would say no this isn't what you
think this is actually gonna work and
then it would work that people were
saying well didn't didn't see that
coming only that cartoonist said that
but this time he does this play that
he's done so many times where he puts
this little little piece of fake news
into the consciousness and he makes
everybody fact-check it so that we're
only talking about that so Piers Morgan
called this outlet wheat you know noting
that it had to be considered genius at
this point because he's just so good at
it he's he's so good at this thing so
here's his exact words he goes quote you
know now he wants a box for that debates
to stand on Trump said okay it's okay
there's nothing wrong you can be short I
love the fact that Trump says it's okay
to be sure there's nothing wrong with
that you could be short thank you for
that permission why should he get a box
to stand okay well I should be gonna box
the stick
he wants to buy he wants a box for the
debates now it's even funnier when you
put it into into his his mind like it's
just something he wants you know not
only does it not exist and it didn't
happen but that was something he wants
so
he's deepening the the rumor why should
he be entitled to that why should he be
entitled it's really about entitlement
now let's talk about entitlement why
should he be entitled to that really
does that mean everyone else gets a box
I would love to run against Bloomberg
Ian's why is he a title to that does
that mean everybody else gets a box it
would be a hilarious you know it would
be hilarious is if Bloomberg didn't get
a box no I don't know because I think
they do that right if you have a shorter
candidate I think that's a real thing it
has not been done before for maybe
Hillary Clinton maybe Klobuchar or
somebody else but what would stop I'm
just asking what would stop Trump from
demanding his own box and nothing right
there's nothing that would stop Trump
from saying well there should be a level
playing field we're not trying to fool
the audience the whole point of the
debate is to show the audience who we
are so if everything's supposed to be
equal Trump gets a box now is there
anything that would make you laugh
harder than finding out the Bloomberg
got a box and then Trump demanded his
own box I don't know if I could ever
stop laughing that would be the funniest
thing I'd ever seen in my life and the
funniest thing is that his argument
would be pretty good all right the
argument that everybody should be
treated the same and it's their own
fault if they have a look it's their own
you know it's nobody else's fault if
somebody's taller than someone else
somebody's saying Julian Castro had a
box so I would love to see Trump demand
a box but here's the funny part
now that the all the networks and
everybody had to fact-check him and of
course they fact checked it and found
out there was absolutely no rumor to it
whatsoever now there's a new rumor that
the Bloomberg is really angry about this
I doubt it is possible but I kind of
doubt that of all the things that
Bloomberg has to worry about in a day I
don't think he's really worried about
the Box thing but now there's this new
rumor that he's furious about it I never
believed any of those kinds of rumors
because you hear these about Trump all
the time
Trump was furious about this or that or
whatever and then you think yourself
probably not probably now you probably
mentioned it so Bloomberg you know may
not love it but I doubt he is furious
about it or anything like that so I
wouldn't trust that reporting here's the
funny thing as a prank I want to see if
we can persuade this box into reality
and buy Reese persuaded into reality I
don't mean that there will be an actual
real box I mean that we will use
persuasion until everybody thinks
there's a box just as an experiment now
the experiment is based on trying to
repeat the experiment that CNN and MSNBC
do on a regular basis in which they
ignore the facts that don't that don't
agree with the reporting and just
continue talking as though they had not
been debunked now how many times have
you seen this for example the you know
the fine people hoax has been debunked a
billion times but they still just act
like it hasn't instead of addressing the
debunking they just act like it didn't
happen when aha when Dershowitz
corrected their reporting about what he
said during the impeachment presentation
Dershowitz goes on CNN and says no
you're taking a word end of context I
didn't say anything like that this is
what I said and you can check the
transcript yourself to say in the full
context is very clear what I said you
are reporting it wrong what did Wolf
Blitzer do when the guy who is the only
person who knows for sure what Alan
Dershowitz said and meant meaning Alan
Dershowitz corrects them in the most
unambiguous way what is CNN do they just
acted
didn't happen and then continue talking
the way they were talking so I would
like to give you a one-act play in which
I will be talking to Dale the anti-trump
er and convincing him through my powers
of persuasion that the box exists Dale
you've heard the story that Bloomberg's
gonna stand on that box you know do you
think that's fair
Scott Scott Scott there is no box
that is fake news something your
president does he lies he lies like a
lying liar he made it up there's no
truth to it
Bloomberg has confirmed there is no box
every single Network has confirmed there
is no box
Scott no box what color is the box what
are you talking about I just told you
there's no box you can't have a color on
a box that doesn't exist no box
Bloomberg says there's no box every
reporter says no box no box no box it
doesn't exist who's paying for this box
what is happening now what is happening
I keep telling you is fake news there's
no box
there's no box the box does not exist
Dale do you think it's fair that
Bloomberg gets a box and Trump doesn't
get a box what's fair about that seem so
no matter what anybody says about the
box just as a prank just as a prank look
at them expressionless Lee and ask a
question about the box it'll be
hilarious
don't don't ever leave character no
matter no matter who you're talking to
when they tell you the box doesn't exist
just look right at them and ask them
about a detail about the box it will
make them crazy funniest thing ever
alright go forward so my I created my
Superbook
which I was selling the Bloomberg box my
product which you just saw which by the
way it has more than one use it can be
used as something to stand on but is
also can be used by an taifa it's kind
of a kind of a mask so you can use the
box if you're attending an anti-fog
rally and nobody will know who you are
they might think you're Mike Bloomberg
if they're not very observant but it has
multiple uses I don't make products that
are only good for one thing
so we've got about 76,000 views on that
looks like it's going somewhere I roll
so that's good on other news I think
this is fascinating I've talked about it
before but according to a poll Warren's
supporters said they would all basically
90 percent of them would support whoever
gets nominated if it's not Warren so in
other words Warren has very soft support
their supporters refer her but if they
have to go to second or third choice
that's okay
90% of them would do it YAG supporters
are at 42% would not support the
Democrats if it's not being 42% of them
now if that's 42% of a small number but
I wonder what those people say when they
get polled you know I wonder if yang
supporters are just sort of breaking the
polling because I don't know who they
are are they people who have never voted
before because there was never anybody
who spoke to them are they people who
won't vote you know are they young
people who when it comes to election day
they're like yeah it wasn't yang I just
don't care I'm not gonna vote at all or
is it is it Trump supporters who have
lost faith and going over to yang for
some reason I don't know who they are so
I think we have to understand this a lot
better than we do
all right let's talk about so CNN and
MSNBC are running this persuasion play
in which they're having all their their
dumbest pundits and it really it's the
dumb ones there's no way to be nice
this Philip dance if you ever seen
Philip dance he I don't think he's done
necessarily but he's he just goes on TV
and he will say absolutely anything so
he and others who were equally let's say
non-credible are saying that we've just
learned that President Trump wants to be
a king and they're all using that word a
king he thinks he's a king he's above
the law he wants to be king king king
king and they're trying to sell this
into existence you know thinking to
myself you have really run out of
material man if you run out of material
if what you've got left is we're reading
his mind and we think he wants to be a
king you've got nothing left that is the
most ridiculous complaint it doesn't
ring true on any level and if Democrats
are buying into this that says something
about them that's not good all right
here's a fun question for you for your
Democrat friends who are opposed to
Trump's wall one wants somebody to
report back to me after trying this
experiment find find an anti-trump or a
Democrat who was very opposed to a
strong immigration and especially
somebody and here's the key somebody who
was opposed to the what was called the
Muslim ban but was really abandoned on
countries that didn't have good systems
for identification which ended up being
a lot of Muslim countries now that's
been expanded I don't know what
percentage of Muslim countries now but
most of your Democrats were saying and
still say that President Trump is only
closing the borders because the people
are Muslims so he's he's discriminating
against Muslims now find a person like
that somebody who holds that view and
ask them how that's different from the
travel ban on China to prevent the
coronavirus because in both cases you
were one
a large segment of people who you know
to be innocent you know you know that
99% of the Chinese travelers don't have
any virus you know that so why are you
punishing 99% of the Chinese travelers
just to prevent the risk that the 1%
might bring in now how is that different
from the ban on countries many of them
are Muslim majority or most or all
hundred know what it is but how is that
different because we also believe that
the Muslims coming in or 99% or more
completely innocent have every right to
immigrate like everybody else does but
the 1% or less whatever it is might be
very dangerous how exactly are those two
situations different now I always warn
you not to do persuasion by analogy so
yes somebody says good analogy
so analogy is don't win arguments you're
not going to change anybody's mind with
this analogy trust me it's not going to
change anybody's mind but it's an
experiment see if you can get somebody
to walk through the risk management of
it because those who do not think that
the ban on countries is based on racism
and I don't I don't believe it's based
on racism I look at it as risk
management so to me it looks exactly the
same as the virus thing is just a risk
management it's based on not being able
to identify the risk within a population
all right so do that it'll be fun let me
know let me know what your Democrat says
when you when you try that did you see
the there was a I think there might have
been two Trump ads on the Superbowl one
of them in particular mentioned that
Trump has made the country.what stronger
and safer he talks about the economy and
he shows some military stuff I think the
two words were stronger and safer that
was a really good strong and safe and he
can back it up I don't believe there
would be anybody
would disagree that our military got
stronger
everybody would agree with that and that
our economy got stronger so when the
president says we're stronger and safer
those are really basic needs I mean that
really goes down to you know your
biological requirement now think of that
this Trump add quite quite well done oh
yeah I'm not going to say it's the best
ad they'll ever make but it's really
it's in the top shelf right it's in the
category of some of the great ones maybe
not the greatest but the stronger and
safer think how how basic and biological
that is compare that to a lesser lesser
candidates offerings which I think
you'll see such as we can't have that
Trump he is dividing us sort of a
concept he's dividing us yeah okay well
what's that mean to you like that how
does that change your life I don't know
in fact the apparently the polls should
show exactly the opposite the polls show
that racism has gone way down since
trumping your president did you know
that by the way the fact check me on
that but I believe the polls show that
how we feel about race has improved
substantially since Trump became
president you didn't see that coming did
you I did because I think those things
improve no matter what
generally speaking Obama was kind of a
blip because you know some people got
excited because there was a you know we
had a black president so that that's
inflamed things for a while but
apparently the the arc is that we're
just getting better on this stuff
historically pretty much all the time
and I think that will continue so here's
what I loved about the ad so first of
all it was basic and biological got
right to what matters to you it also
works really well for women it works
really well for anybody who feels
vulnerable if you feel vulnerable in any
way you want to know that we're strong
and safer and that we're looking out for
you okay but here's the brilliant part
that I don't know if anybody caught if
you're Trump you're trying to do
something that's kind of a fine line
you're trying to win black voters you're
trying to win Hispanic voters you're
trying to win female voters right
because those are the weaknesses for
Trump's supporters but it's not really a
Republican thing to just go out and
pander so the Republicans are not good
at saying hey black people will vote for
me I will give you some stuff
Republicans don't like to sell that way
right because that begets into identity
politics it's it's it's opposite the
brand so if you can't call out a group
but you still want to appeal to them how
do you do it and this ad you're suddenly
suddenly brilliant if you didn't catch
this here's what they did
at the end of the ad where there's some
talk about employment being great
somebody who says something employment
for everybody is good and then the next
voice you don't see this who is talking
but you can tell from the voice in all
likelihood it's a white woman newscaster
all right now I'm not don't get into the
argument about whether you can always
tell somebody's ethnicity from hearing
their voice yes yes I know you can't
always tell
but remember an ad is just giving you a
quick impression of things it's not
about reality so the impression which
probably is right but could not be right
it's possible it's not was that the
sound of a white woman talking a voice
over says that black unemployment is the
best that's been in 49 years or whatever
right so here's here's the clever part
it was a white woman applauding black
employment improving and then the very
next voice is actually they showed
showed it was a black man newscaster on
Fox applauding Hispanic employment so
you see what they did there
it was kind of subtle in both cases they
had somebody who was not in the in-group
yeah was Charles Payne
so Charles Payne an african-american man
was talking his little clip is about
Hispanic employment being good now I'm
sure that that if you saw the whole clip
he probably talked about employment in
general and black unemployment - but
what was brilliant about this that I
absolutely loved is that they had people
celebrating the other group do you see
how powerful that is and so we had a
white woman celebrating black employment
improving and a black man a very
successful black man applauding Hispanic
employment do you see how powerful that
is it's really really strong and it's
invisible like you could watch that
commercial and we just would just go
past you it's super clever and you know
it's intentional - I mean one assumes
it's intentional because it's too good
to be accidental it all likely all right
here's a fun topic I say for the end
people ask me how can you tell if
somebody is brainwashed let's say for a
political party versus they're just
lying how can you tell the brainwash
versus line versus they're just ignorant
versus they have a legitimate opinion
and it just happens to disagree with
yours
how can you sort them out and I
suggested the other day a way to do that
now this is not a hundred percent
effective you know there will be
exceptions and overlap etc but these are
good starting places for your suspicion
all right if somebody is brainwashed
meaning they literally believe something
and don't have reasons that's what it
means to be brainwashed they have a
belief and it's a strong belief that's
not based on facts and reasons the way
you can determine it is if you get into
a conversation with them and you give
them a counter-argument that you think
is good a brainwashed person's response
will sound crazy they'll sound crazy
now what is not crazy would be somebody
has wrong facts it's not crazy to have
wrong facts right somebody has bad logic
well that's not crazy there are lots of
people who are not good at logic right
so there are lots of things that would
disagree with you that you would not you
would you would not process as just
being crazy but cognitive dissonance
which is what happens when a brainwashed
person is challenged with the facts
cognitive dissonance is literally where
your cobbling together your reality and
patching it up with something that only
makes sense to you so that when somebody
is the observer and they see you in
cognitive dissonance the things you say
don't even make sense they just sound
like crazy talk so that's the tell for a
brainwashed person who's been presented
with a superior argument it's actually
crazy talk
now compare that to someone who is just
a partisan somebody who is just a
Democrat or they're just a Republican
and it doesn't matter what you're gonna
say I'm gonna support my team how can
you tell that person because that person
is actually aware when they're lying
it's a big difference
the brainwash people can't tell when
their their departing from reality they
don't have the ability but a lying
partisan well they know when they're
lying
they know when they're avoiding a topic
and if you corner somebody who's a
partisan and they're just a liar what do
they do well most often they change the
topic they say well your team did this
too that's a that's changing the topic
or they say well what about the other
thing that's changing the topic
so liars who don't want to act like
they're crazy because nobody wants to
act crazy alright nobody does that
intentionally it would be rare if they
did I suppose somebody could but the the
people the cognitive dissonance people
the ones who are brainwashed they're not
choosing to be crazy
that's just what cognitive dissonance
does to you it just makes you say things
that are irrational the part is the liar
is just going to change the subject so
that's your big tell for a liar
pretty much what about ignorant people
what about somebody who just didn't have
the information that you have and
therefore you disagree on some policy
but once you fill in the gap they end up
being converted to one of the other two
things if somebody is only operating out
of ignorance and you fill in the
ignorance you know you tell them the
facts that they're missing they usually
don't change their mind because people
don't like changing the mind you you
will end up converting them into either
a brainwashed person who starts babbling
crazy talk or a partisan liar they'll
know they're wrong but they'll just
support their team anyway so the
ignorant can be fixed but it doesn't win
the argument for you it just converts it
into a liar or a brainwashed person so
what does a legitimate disagreement look
like what does it look like when
somebody disagrees with you but you know
maybe you don't like the argument but
you say to yourself okay they're not
brainwashed they're not lying this is
actually their their actual belief it's
reasonable I just disagree here's how
you can tell a legitimate debater can
describe your argument accurately in
other words you could say that person
all right tell me what you think I'm
saying can can you restate my argument
and if they can they're not brainwashed
and they're not ignorant and they're not
partisan Liars
there are probably legitimate people who
just want to figure stuff out so that's
a really good way to tell if you're
talking to somebody who's legitimate
can you describe my argument in your
words and if you notice that in most
public conversation people will miss
characterize your argument and argue
against the the so-called straw man the
argument you never made it so just ask
people directly instead of just having
them debate you say can you just stop
right here can you put in your own words
describe my argument in a way that when
I hear it I'll say yeah that's it you
got it and most people can't do that
because legitimate disagreements are
actually kind of rare they're kind of
rare
all right so those are the main a lot of
people are mentioning one the five one
one has a an interesting role on the
five I don't know if you can I don't
know if you can exactly assume that the
way wand Williams presents himself on
the five is exactly his personal opinion
because remember he has a role to play
which is representing the other side it
would be a boring show if the other four
members of the five had an opinion and
wand said you know in this case I just
agree with you he it's sort of his job
it's what he gets paid for to give that
you know the the opposite opinion so I
don't know if you can make too much of
of the fact that he disagrees with
people you can't you can't
there's just no conclusion you can make
from that because yeah somebody says
Juan does a good job I would say that
the reason that one has that very high
level job is that he does a good job
meaning that his role in the five is
exactly he has exactly the right kind of
energy charisma personality that just
fits really well with those other people
and the yeah the the little let's say
entertaining friction that they have so
he's a really good choice for the show I
will say that all right what about all
this Biden versus Bernie's stuff I have
a real question about the Bernie
supporters and about Biden now we're
hearing more people are imagining the
Biden is going to fall off a shelf and
there's something that we get to check
all right so there's a
there's a theory of how the world works
which I happen to subscribe to that
we're gonna get to check it goes like
this I don't believe that the Democratic
convention and nomination process is
legitimate I don't believe that I
believe that there are powerful people
in a variety of roles and jobs probably
loosely or maybe not loosely connected
with the Clintons and the Obama world
etc you know sort of a sort of a world
in which a lot of them know each other
and that in a variety of ways they're
gonna get to decide who is the who is
the candidate now they can manipulate it
by changing rules by changing funding I
don't probably a whole bunch of
variables that they have super-delegates
as somebody said or brokered conventions
so they have lots of tools you know the
let's say the the is a deep state the
sort of career Democrats they have lots
of tools to keep somebody like Bernie
and of office but it does seem that
bernie is doing the best in terms of
getting voter support so if Bernie is
killing it in the polls and he doesn't
get the nomination that should confirm
to you that it's a rigged process now
the last time Bernie got sort of pushed
out of the nomination process by Clinton
supporters we all said that's a rigged
process and we were right right I mean
it was clearly looked like a rigged
process in 2016 to me for the before
that Democrats so if it happens again I
feel like that's a confirmation don't
you that our system is completely broken
and that whatever you think where the
Democrats are just a some kind of a
cartel or mob situation so if the
Democrats are more of a mob
the kind of situation where a few people
are deciding what's happening and we
just find out about it later don't
expect but Bernie to get the nomination
now I suppose it's possible he could
have so much support it would be
impossible to rig the system and I think
that's what Trump did I think what rub
did was he probably would have been shut
out of the system if he'd been less
popular but he just made himself
impossible to ignore and popular enough
that the rigging had there been any just
wouldn't work he was still too popular
we'll see if if Bernie can achieve that
but I think he can't I would expect so
here's what I'm still predicting I'm
predicting that wobbly Biden will you
know sort of stumble across the finish
line because he'll have the support of
the insiders but the insiders will not
really be supporting Biden this is my
hypothesis and prediction there will
really be supporting what power they
will have in the Biden president
presidency and one of the main levers
that I would imagine that they would
want is to have their own vice president
somebody stronger than the president who
can really be the power and maybe take
over as soon as Biden fails completely
because remember Biden could just quit
Biden could win the presidency serve for
a month and then tell us you know I
don't feel so good I think my vice
president needs to take over that's
whywe that's why I picked such a good
one totally possible because you know we
haven't seen somebody that age and that
wobbly looking become president so under
those conditions I would expect Bernie
to lose Biden to wind and Biden to fade
either before an election day or soon
after so that the vice president chosen
by the Machine the real people in power
can get their power back that's the plan
I would think all right
somebody says please don't say kumla it
makes me sick ah sorry about that
now it doesn't necessarily need to be
calmly Harris who's the vice president
Peck I think she's a good chance it just
needs to be somebody who's more
connected with let's say the Clinton
camp than somebody who isn't that's all
it would take
watching Mike Bloomberg completely let's
say perverse the system is kind of
hilarious because he's he's violating
just about every principle that
Democrats have in order to be their
leader what does that do to the
Democrats if the if the guy they chooses
their leader is the guy who got thereby
violating everything they believe in so
they don't believe in you know rich guys
buying elections but he is they don't
believe in old white guys being the
leader of the party that's all about
diversity but he might be they seemed to
be leaning more toward climate change as
the end of the world and we'd better get
rid of all of our cars but he's not so
it's starting to make me think that the
rules changed that allowed Bloomberg
into the debates it was probably about
you know could be that maybe some some
people are trying to take some baby
takes some support from Biden so that
would work against the theory here you
go all right so that's all I got for now
and I'm going to talk to you tomorrow