techncal difficulty today so I'm just
streaming on my phone until the battery
runs out I've got my laptop open so I'm
doing a higher
quality um feed at the same time on
locals if you go to Scott adams.
locals.com
you could watch it there if you
like if you like that
concept all right what time is
it oh I guess I guess it's time for a
show hold
on I just assumed that nothing's going
to go right this morning that's how was
looking so
[Music]
far I can't see the comments of anybody
but locals right now but feel free to
comment
away got 1,500 people on X excellent
how many we have on locals
668 good all
right good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with scat Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you want to take this up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper marer glass of thanker
chel suain a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure
dopamine to the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and yes it's going to
happen right now right
now if you were expecting to be watching
this on YouTube or Rumble that won't be
happening this morning but we'll
probably post the finished show after
it's live might take a little while
well Story number one there's a study in
the University of Zurich that shows that
hypnosis does alter brain activity and
neurochemistry do you know who they
could have asked huh I wonder if
hypnosis will alter brain activity and
neurochemistry do you know who could
have answered that
question every hypnotist for the last
100
years every one of them it's the most
basic thing you
learn if hypnosis didn't have any effect
on your actual brain it wouldn't be
doing
anything there are a lot of people who
think that hypnosis is just uh what is
it that uh pen galette says I think he
said some while ago the hypnosis was two
people lying to each other the hypnotist
pretending to be hypnotist and the
subject pretending to be hypnotized
but no there is a change in the brain
and uh that's the longest known thing
that every hypnotist is known it's just
obvious anyway there's another tragic
terrorist attack it looks like uh over
in Germany an Afghan man drove a car
into a big
crowd um he's injured I think at least
28 people some of them really badly we
don't know anything about the motives
yet but yeah I'll tell you the the car
related
attacks they seem to kill as many or
more people than
bombs so maybe this is the beginning of
a very long terrible Trend I don't know
let's talk about hostage releases
because that's a better
story um so I was listening to the US
Envoy for
hostages um and his name is
his name is not written down on my notes
so just imagine I said the name of the
person today's just a disaster I feel
like everything today is just not going
to work so that might be funny that
might be entertaining in its own way
yeah the most important thing I was
going to write down was the name of the
person who is the United States Envoy
for
hostages yeah that guy okay so you were
saying that uh one of the reasons that
Trump is successful getting hostages
back is that uh you're saying that quote
when you hold our citizens will come
after you at any cost that's sort of the
Trump message if you hold our citizens
we'll come after you at any cost now
that is exactly the right now it's not
wickoff it's
uh it's not wiof or
grenell all right never mind
stop guess stop guessing the wick caer
grenell that will still be wrong no
matter how many times you write it
down all right I shouldn't have even
brought it up um but the right the right
framing is that uh hostages are not
really a negotiating tool at least with
the United States because we're going to
take everything you have if you take our
hostages we'll take everything you have
and
what happened when Trump put the extra
threat on well now Hamas is getting a
little flexible says they're going to
release some more hostages by Saturday
maybe which was Trump's deadline now
that's not all the
hostages um Trump is said if you don't
release them all there's going to be
held to pay so if there's some they're
holding
back in theory they're still held to pay
now what would be held to pay probably
just unleashing Israel and saying all
right we're out we're out whatever
Israel wants to do is fine we'll even
give them money to do it do you think
Hamas wants to hear
that that Israel just has a free pass
and that United States won't put any
pressure on them to ease up that would
be the ultimate nightmare for
Hamas but I think that's where they're
heading they're heading to their
Ultimate
Nightmare there was a story in Politico
by Eugene
Ludwig titled voters were right about
the economy the data was
wrong anybody who's watched this show we
always knew the data was wrong it's not
because you heard it from me didn't you
all know the data was wrong because they
kept saying I don't know what you're
talking about this data said you should
be happy and have lots of money but
people would say I can't afford eggs and
gas and then the Biden Administration
would say yes you can look at the data
and people would say I'm pretty here I
know what's in my pocket you don't know
what's in my pocket and I don't have
enough money for eggs and gas oh yes you
do just look at these highlight high
level
statistics so of course time goes by and
then finally we can learn that it was
all
fake now here's something I've been
telling you for a long time but I
finally figured out a better way to say
it I've been saying for a long time uh
wait until you find out that all data
that is important is fake all data
that's important you know not not
something that let's say a scientist did
for a little study that nobody cared
about right that's probably okay or it
might be but anything that's big and
important like the economy those are all
fake numbers and there's a reason for
that there's a systemic reason why all
the important numbers the important ones
just limitating it to the important ones
are fake do you know what the reason
is well it's like that
you don't want the fox to be your only
source of data of how many chickens are
left does that make sense because we
always we always put the fox in charge
of counting the
chickens and then you're like uh do we
still have 18 chickens uh no no it's uh
we we have 14 chickens says the fox and
then you say what did you eat those four
chickens and the fox says I don't know
what you're talking about there's no
data that says we ate any chickens
there's just 14 chickens
all right we'll check back tomorrow
there are eight
chickens what what what are you doing
are you eating those chickens again I
don't even know what you're talking
about there's no document that shows any
chickens were eaten it's just eight
chickens so you can take the fox and the
chicken analy to pretty much everything
um who told us that vaccinations were
perfectly safe the
fox we we didn't get it from anywhere
except the company that is making money
from selling it right was there some
independent analysis that I'm not aware
of no no so in every case the only
people who are close enough to know what
the real numbers are are the foxes
they're the ones in charge of the
numbers and the foxes are the ones that
are stealing and lying and you know
shaving things to make it you know
biased in One Direction or the other so
there's a systemic reason it's not a
coincidence that all data all data
that's important is fake it has to be
because it's coming from the Fox as soon
as you realize that all the data comes
from the fox and not from the chickens
then everything makes sense and if you
find an exception where the chickens are
in charge of counting themselves let me
know about that because I've never heard
of it never heard of it it's always the
fox counting the chickens and that's
where we're at that's why you need Doge
because Doge lets the
uh lets the rooster in lets the rooster
count the chickens I'm torturing that
analogy all right well uh you probably
know that Trump was suing the Pitzer
committee for giving pulit Sur prises to
the Russia collusion Liars in the Press
but worse than that I guess they said
something else uh let's see there was
something they said after the war that
Trump didn't like and apparently this is
going to go forward so there were some
challenges to it that have been overcome
but uh the appeals court the Florida
appeals court says the burden of proof
about that there was actual
malice uh seems to be made in other
words it wouldn't go forward if there
was no evidence of malice meaning that
they did it intentionally but apparently
there's evidence they did it
intentionally
and that it was just a basically defame
jump now this is interesting this is
really interesting because I don't know
what kind of evidence they have that
would demonstrate malice we know what
they did but how do you get in their
heads there might be some kind of
document or maybe a witness or something
who said oh yeah we did this just to get
Trump so I haven't heard that I'm just
speculating but maybe maybe that's
what's happening
we'll see meanwhile attorney general Pam
Bondi she's uh filing some charges
against the bad people in New
York the bad people in New York and now
this is over the question of
prioritizing illegal aliens over
American citizens so the idea would be
that they're not cooperating with the
federal government to protect American
citizens and that's their job and they
need to do that now I guess this is a
criminal action it's not a civil
right uh if you're F if Pam Bondi is
filing charges it's not a it's not a
civil suit it's a criminal so they're in
real trouble but the people who are in
trouble are the governor Kathy hokel the
Attorney General Leticia James who as we
know has been targeting Trump and
decided to make up some reasons that he
allegedly broke some laws so Leticia
James is sort of one the um she's like
like a Sith
Lord come after
Trump oh and if I don't get him the next
Sith Lord
will uh Ayana Presley will get you she's
a super villain if I don't so I don't
know how many anti-trump people can
actually have a Persona that looks
exactly like a super
villain it's weird that there's two of
them I mean if if only ayna Presley
dressed intentionally like a super
villain which he does for reasons I
don't understand that would be unique
enough but you got two Democrats who
have total Sith Lord super villain Vibe
I've never seen that before that's weird
anyway uh then also the DMV commissioner
I think that has something to do with
issuing driver's license to to a non
citizens I'm guessing but it gets more
interesting now you say to yourself huh
huh it's kind of a coincidence isn't it
um oh I think isn't alen Bragg part of
this or is it just Laticia James yeah
Alvin Bragg is part of it too I think um
although I didn't see that in the list
so that I may be conflating two
different stories so Bill
O'Reilly had a hypothesis he was on news
Nation with Chris guomo and this is just
some speculation from Bill Riley but he
is very
experienced and he's sniffing some stuff
out but he doesn't have proof so what
I'm going to say I want you to
understand that bill O'Reiley wants you
to know he doesn't have any proof of
this it's just something he's
feeling um that the real Target of all
this might be Leticia James and Al and
brag the two two people who came after
Trump and
it's also possible that the reason and
again this is just speculation there's
no evidence of this whatsoever that
mayor Adams got his pardon from
Trump um maybe because he knows where
the bodies are buried with Elvin Bragg
and Luisa
James now I don't know if he would but
if somebody did know where the bodies
were buried he'd be he'd be a top guess
I would think
so we we'll keep an eye on that so it
does look like maybe the Trump
Administration is circling the the bad
elements now if we didn't know for sure
that these are
lawfare people the people who which
tried the laware of trump I would not be
in favor of kind of going after them but
what they did was so inappropriate in
our constitutional situation that it's
effectively criminal without maybe
breaking any laws but in effect it's
criminal so yeah should go after them as
hard as
possible meanwhile Democrats still
trying to figure out what's wrong with
Democrats and on pod of America this is
one of the big Democrat podcasts and the
GU back Obama people on there and
they're they're very Democrat so if I
didn't mention it they're very very
Democrat like super Democrat and and as
you can imagine have been big critics of
trump guess what they said
yesterday Trump is doing what we should
have done quote Trump is moving so fast
they hit the ground running in a serious
way it's like genuinely impressive
remember this is this is the most
Democrat anti-trump people you've ever
heard it's genuinely impressive
impressive and then they throw in this
impressive in a dark and Sinister way
but nonetheless impressive
so even when they're even when they're
fully understanding that he's doing some
good stuff they they have to throw in
the little propaganda phrase oh well
dark and Sinister uh did I mention it's
dark and Sinister yeah he's doing
everything right but but maybe there's a
dark and Sinister undertone to
it all the Democrats have are vague
statements that can't be supported by
anything uh yeah so they they go on
quote do we all know that government is
slow we all know that government can be
inefficient we all know that the
bureaucracy can be bloed we all worked
in the we all worked in the F and white
house we tried to reorganize the
government we tried to find efficiency
it's hard to
do and then one of them said some of
this is pretty annoying because it's
some of the stuff we should have
done now I do appreciate the honesty of
this so I'm going to call out this is a
very honest take except for the dark and
Sinister part uh yeah yeah they should
have done it they couldn't do it and
then they're watching it being done
right in front of
them um so I I thought I'd start a list
of all the empty attacks the things that
Democrats say about Trump they don't
have any meat to them whatsoever it's
just stuff to scare you so now we've got
dark and Sinister that whatever he's
doing oh whatever he's doing on the
surface it looks
perfect nothing wrong with it on the
surface but underneath underneath we
believe it's dark and
Sinister and then they've got
uh um you know sure he might be uh Trump
might be saving the Republic and ending
Wars uh but really it's just a
preparation for stealing your democracy
and setting up a
kleptocracy stealing your
democracy setting up a kleptocracy the
ocracy is exactly what they're
dismantling and then there's uh Dan
Goldman um there's no accountability or
oversight with the Doge project there's
no accountability or oversight well
here's the problem of
having politicians talk about things
that make sense they can't do it um I'm
pretty sure that in the history of
audits of big companies there's not one
time that the ca CEO went along with the
audit you know with the Auditors so when
when a big company does its own audit
they'll often audit themselves do you
think the CEO follows them around and
say what do you got there Bob did you
find a document what's it say what's it
say oh says that all right now what do
you got what's
that can you read that to me there's no
world in which the CEO is informed about
the audit while it's going on except for
the big stuff so the auditor might say
we found this we found that we found
that but is the CEO saying give me the
document to prove it or is the CEO
saying all right when you're done with
the audit write it up and then tell me
everything you
found I think the most normal way that
Doge should be working is that musk
should answer questions every day which
he which he does uh what do you find
what are you looking at and he said so
but the onus is on him and Doge to
provide documents when he's done now
will everything that he says
preliminarily turn out to be will it
check out not everything no this is a
messy process and it has to be because
there's no way to do a clean process so
you either give up or you do it messy
there's only two possibilities we don't
want to give up so there's that uh and
then the other one is uh CNN's running
with this one there's no actual evidence
of fraud what do you mean there's no
actual
evidence do you need a court case they
they're doing the same thing they did
with the election well there's no actual
evidence just because everything looks
sketchy but there's no actual Court who
said that so let's see we've got darken
Sinister we've got stealing your
democracy setting up a kleptocracy no
accountability or oversight and no
actual evidence of fraud what do all of
those things have in
common there's not a single American
citizen who gives a about any of it
give me my
straw get rid of these
pennies solve the war in
Ukraine cut the
budget there's a pretty long list of
things I do care about but nowhere on
that list is the darken Sinister
stealing your
democracy oh he's also stealing your
privacy they're stealing my privacy uh
there's no accountability or oversight
no actual evidence of
fraud it's uh pretty weak weak
sauce well here's something I hate I
hate waking up and being the second
funniest
Scott I'm kind of used to being the
funniest
Scott you know and at least in the news
business there aren't too many funny
Scots but Scott Jennings is just lapping
me lately I I just had a belly laugh
over this one so Scott Jennings is
commenting this morning over someone
else's posts so well it was a story
actually on Fox News so his comment I'll
just read it in the order that is
written um so Scott Jennings posts on X
he says Trump let's cut taxes shrink the
government and unleash American Energy
and then he says Democrats and he points
to the Fox news story that says the
house Democrats are reintroducing
reparations reparations
legislation so representative uh Ayan
presle super villain uh says reparations
are a necessary step in achieving
Justice
now would it be fair to
say Democrats are not good at reading
the
room um was this really the time to
introduce
reparations probably not the right
timing
probably just a little off in the timing
but uh I would go further than that and
uh I would love to see somebody in the
Trump Administration calculate
reparations because I'm pretty sure it's
going to show that the money's already
been paid three times because you know
what would be in that calculation right
you'd first have to calculate how uh
descendants of slavery would have done
if they stayed in Africa versus how they
would do over here and then spefic
specifically The Descendants not not the
actual slaves the slaves are unhappy
right so everybody agrees there was
nothing good about being a slave but the
descendants of slaves ended up in a
better place than maybe they would have
been now that's no reason for slavery we
all agree slavery is bad slavery is bad
um but if you were going to calculate
You' have to calculate uh any social
payments made you have to calculate how
much everybody added to the economy
versus subtracted from the economy you'd
have to do differences in law
enforcement costs for different
demographic groups you'd have to bring
everything into it and I don't know if
it would be a positive number or
negative by the time you were done with
an actual
honest um analysis
now if they if somebody actually did
calculate reparations
honestly would you believe it whatever
number they came up with no because I
just got done telling you that all data
that matters is fake so whoever does the
calculating for
reparations it's going to come up with a
fake number so if it's somebody who's
Pro reparations they'll just ignore a
whole bunch of things and come up with a
number that says yo it's a lot of money
if it's somebody who's biased against
reparations such as me uh if I
calculated it would show that it's
already been paid three times so there's
no such thing as the true number and
there's no such this data for anything
important that's real this is no
exception but certainly I would have
included 50 years of discrimination
against white males I mean that's pretty
expensive uh and along those lines Fox
News is reporting that there's an
Illinois University being sued because
the professor says he was fired for
objecting to race-based hiring
University of Illinois in Chicago
so Professor stepen Klein
Schmid um he said he wasn't buying into
the uh being a racist he probably just
thought he wanted to be a professor and
then they said but you're also you know
can you be a racist and then he said how
about no how about no I won't be a
racist with you and that was lawsuit I
think he might
win Trump says reciprocal tariffs
are coming out today I guess that means
that everybody who's terrifing us for
anything is going to get the same back I
don't know how any of this is going to
work out but I do see it as a
negotiating tactic and so far Trump's
shown that he can navigate these
negotiating T
tactics all right so we'll see tulsy
gabard got
confirmed uh is it true that McConnell
voted no on telsy gabard that's a little
suspicious isn't
it just a little suspicious it makes you
think he might be hiding something but
the half dead Turtle said no RFK Jr I
guess the vote on him as a tie and we're
expecting JD Vance to go break the tie
and it it should be should be confirmed
today is I don't know if it's
today all right so looks like we're we
get Tulsa and we'll get RFK Jr and
wow I I just have to say wow good
job good job getting both of them Mike
Ben was on uh Joe Rogan show probably
three hours of goodness there but one of
the things that popped out was Mike Ben
talking about how USA and the
intelligence communities um have
historically trained some musical
artists both in our country and in other
countries to be part of their uh I guess
political narrative that the the
intelligence Community wants to push so
or to do it for statecraft reasons now
some of the names he
named uh including working with du leipa
so I guess there was something early in
her career where she had some kind of
USA connection Riot uh in Russia
and he said possibly Taylor Swift
there's no evidence that Taylor Swift
was connected any of this but there was
there is a video of somebody in the
intelligence Community suggesting that
she would be the type of person that
they would want influence there's no
evidence that they
have so you probably heard that the AP
Associated Press uh they lost their uh I
think they lost their wouse press access
because they refused to call the Gulf of
America the Gulf of America they're
sticking with the old way Gulf of Mexico
and I didn't really understand why like
why would they be the one entity that
does that well their argument is that
they're an international news entity and
if the other countries around the world
don't know what the Gulf of America is
they can't refer to it that way because
you know it would be against their style
guide so they have a style guide that
they'll I guess they'll use whatever is
most internationally
recognized but that also means that
they're not doing America First America
First would be use America's names for
stuff and let the other countries work
it out I mean you could always put it in
parenthesis used to be called the Gulf
of Mexico
so um it's not the worst defense in the
world but it does feel like they're not
quite on Team America here so Trump's
letting them know I
guess um here's a story I hope there's
more context to this one
because if it's exactly what it looks
like it's pretty bad so apparently
Reuters which does a lot more than news
stuff um according to the Muse account I
was reading uh that uh Doge found a
document that actually says that uh a
part of Reuters was being paid a lot of
money for doing what is actually listed
on the invoice this is actually on the
invoice large scale social
deception
what is that
real did did our government pay
Reuters to implement a large scale
social
deception now before I say that that's
true it's being reported but before I
say it's true I'd kind of want to hear
what reuter said about it which I
haven't seen yet do you think Reuters is
going to say something like no no no we
were supposed to guard against so we
were working against large scale social
deception it's just list of that way on
invoice so now we're we're against large
scale deception we're trying to end it
you think that's
possible you know it wouldn't be too
weird if something on an invoice was
ambiguous but it would really be weird
to me if they put in direct words which
are on the voice large scale social
deception I'm going to put a pin in that
one and wait for the other side of the
story but it's what it looks like on the
surface well Trump is calling out the
Politico and the New York Times for
accepting some millions of dollars I
guess each from
USA and Trump asked what's that for like
why is the government paying you are
they paying you to
do fake news are they paying you to get
good stories about themselves and he
wants to claw
back
um so again we don't know why these
entities were receiving money but it all
looks sketchy so I do like that Trump is
going to treat it like it's sketchy and
you know go after it I I feel like Trump
can sniff out corruption and fraud
faster than the average person
[Music]
because he's really good at knowing what
 looks like and he can just
recognize it
anywhere so he's probably seeing some
 there
um now according to this is incredible
so Lee
zeldon uh did a video in which he's
claiming that uh that they've discovered
a staggering 20 billion that the
Biden regime they call it uh laundered
to to NOS so what it sounds like is
there was a video I think it was uh
project Veritas uh at an undercover
video in which the Democrats and the EPA
were saying oh yeah we're throwing the
gold bars off the T Titanic what they
meant was we're trying to spend money as
quickly as possible before Trump finds
out what's going
on and so they parked $20 billion dollar
in some kind of a financial
institution so they could get it out of
the door and then once it's out the door
it could be allocated to their evil ways
I guess but they wanted to like pretend
it was already gone so they did some
kind of intermediary little trick to
make it look like it was already gone
and couldn't be clawed back but it might
get clawed back we'll find out now if
this is all
true this would be an example of
a
staggering amount of corruption is it
illegal I don't know I don't know I
don't know what law specifically it
breaks but it certainly
corrupt anyway apparently the uh
government is planning to our government
is planning to sell hundreds of the
federal government buildings according
to
wired
um now I don't think that's going to
settle the budget or anything but there
are five 00 or more buildings that don't
seem to have a
use
500 Federal buildings that are sort of
empty or not being utilized in any great
way 500 over 500 that's just
shocking so yeah let's go to close those
buildings all right here's the most
troubling story of the day according to
me according to the New York Post um the
House GOP they've got a budget plan
they've put together for Trump
and they're looking for 4.5 trillion in
tax cuts now that would be over some
number of years 4.5 trillion in tax
cuts but so so far you're
saying I like that but uh the budget
cuts would be more like two
trillion so again there may be some
confusion about the
what time window you're looking at you
know some might be what's happening this
year and some might be a 10y year kind
of number so you have to be careful if
it's a one- year or a 10year number
but
um is there a
problem how in the
world is Trump going to get away with
increasing our public debt by $2
trillion which is what it would be now I
get that I like tax cuts and I get that
I like budget cuts but if your tax cuts
are tremendously bigger than your budget
cuts you're making the deficit worse by
trillions now depending on the time span
we're looking at it could be that the
two trillion that's going to be added to
the budget you know maybe it's spread
over several years and if you keep
cutting the budget during those years
you know you might get to a much better
situation that it looks like in a in a
direct line
calculation so yeah I don't know if the
tariffs are going to I don't think the
tariffs are going to make up the
difference but uh maybe I don't know but
let me tell you as a numbers person
somebody who's you know my early career
before any of this was the finance guy
in two big corporations not the finance
guy but a finance guy and I was always
working with you know big projections
and numbers and what's going to happen
in 10 years more like five years but um
I don't see how this
works to me it's been looking for a
while like the amount that Trump wants
to add to the budget because they want
to add 300 billion a year for border
security and National Defense no I
understand that the border security
especially um but you're going to add
that expense and then you're going to
cut taxes
and the amount that Doge can cut out
won't be any won't be anywhere near the
amount that we lost in tax revenue so
it's not like this is going to Goose the
economy enough so let me just say it
directly as far as I can tell the House
GOP is not on the same page with
Doge I don't think they're on the same
page I I think helon musk needs to tell
us if this if this budget goes through
and if Doge does an amazing job and gets
rid of one or two trillion dollars in
expenses do we fix our problem or do we
just make it worse by voting in a bunch
of expensive things I don't feel like we
have a
plan it looks to me like there's two
separate tracks and one destroys the
other one so doge is a great track if
nothing else changed but if you add why
don't wildly cut taxes and add expenses
at the same time as Doge and the things
you're cutting and adding far exceed the
amount of budget
reductions somebody needs to explain to
us from the Trump Administration how the
 this works because I'm getting a
little mad about it I mean maybe the
public doesn't follow these things
closely enough to know that this can't
work they're basically presenting us a
 Doom scenario and which we all
die for sure can you give me any hope
because this budget just tells me we're
going to let you all die that's the
budget the budget is your all
debt because the whole reason that Doge
exists is because our budget is out of
control our debt is out of control so if
you're going to give us another
plan that says you oh you're going to be
dead in a few years you and that
and that's for the Trump Administration
 you because that's not what we
signed up for we signed up for Less debt
give us less
debt however you have to do it whatever
you need to do give us less debt
because this looks like you've planned
to kill us you've planned to
kill us that's what the news is telling
me now if I'm reading it wrong and I'm
doing the numbers
wrong I I would love to be corrected but
it doesn't look like it it looks like
they plan to kill us
and we didn't invite we didn't fight
this hard to get a republican
Administration so the Republican
Administration can and kill
us figure it out figure it
out don't don't do
this yeah I I'm am so out if they don't
balance the budget or make a good try
it's got to be at least a good try we're
not seeing anything that looks like a
good try we're looking like it looks
like they're screwing Doge looks like
they're screwing musk by giving him a
no- win
situation not cool not
cool anyway I would love to know that my
rant was completely embarrassing and
shameful and that I'm just getting the
numbers
wrong but I don't think I am so we need
some
answers
um according to Brett
Adcock I can't believe there's a guy
who's who owns the figure robot company
these are humanoid looking robots um
that don't have genitalia but the
founder of the company is named
Adcock I mean come
on humanoid robots with no
genitalia made by somebody called Adcock
somebody's going to add a you maybe
it's aftermarket but anyway so what
Adcock says he says quote In Our
Lifetime you will see more humanoid
robots than humans when you're out and
about trying to resist try to resist I
wake up every morning trying to resist
making any reference to Skynet no only
NPC say skymet when you say the robots
will outnumber the humans don't do it
Scott don't do it try to resist don't
say Skynet or else you're an NPC Skynet
Skynet
Skynet I could resist I'm sorry I'm weak
I'm weak I don't have much else to say
about that story except stop making me
think of
Skynet because what as soon as I read
this that there will be more robots out
and about than humans my first question
is is that because we made more robots
that'd be the best case scenario or are
there just fewer
humans there a couple different ways you
can get there well how could there be
fewer humans well here's one way even
without Sky
Net uh turns out according to the
conversation an May Dwayne is writing
that teenagers are using AI
Companions and they're saying it's
easier than seeing humans AI companions
so teenagers are falling in love with
chatbots well who was it who told you 20
years
ago that when the the AI got good enough
that people would prefer the
AI I did yeah I told you that people
would prefer it but I'll be more
specific here's my calculation I believe
that top 10% of Attractive
people will have options of being with
the other they're Attractive
people but the the bottom 90% of
Attractive
people
which I'm certainly in the bottom 90%
but the bottom 90% are going to just
prefer AI because the AI will not
disappoint
them it really is we really do no
joke have a situation that we're not
quite ready for um I don't even know if
it's bad I mean if if the PE if the
bottom 90% are
happier well okay you maybe maybe that
is a good solution but no I think we're
already at a point where only the top
10% are likely to reproduce and
everybody else is just going to be
roboting up that's what I
think so speaking of AI uh Thompson
Reuters uh won their first major AI
copyright case according to wired so
guess they found that uh there was some
specific AI company uh what is
it uh not one of the big ones doesn't
matter a smaller AI company you never
heard of uh apparently there's evidence
that they may have trained their model
using some proprietary stuff from
Thompson Reuters and it looks like uh
the judge ruled in Thompson Roy's favor
said the the compy the AI company's
copyright or no their copyright was
indeed infringed oh it's by Ross
intelligence Ross intelligence that's
the name of the AI company so it's
specifically for legal legal stuff I
guess that's what the AI was now
remember I warned you that if you're
worried about AI you know suddenly
taking over everything AI is going to
have a tough it's going to have a tough
path through all the lawsuits because
everybody who's not getting rich from AI
is going to be trying to Su it to stop
it yeah and although it looks like this
case was kind of clean that they could
more easily prove that somebody trained
on their materials without
permission um I feel like all the
general AIS are just going to get sued
and sued and sued until it's tough to do
business so I think that's what's going
to slow them down
lawsuits well meanwhile Ukraine is is
going the obvious
way how many of you already knew how to
end the war in Ukraine for
years right if IID asked you hey
stranger what would you do to end the
war in Ukraine almost everybody would
say well you know zalinski is going to
need to get flexible about losing some
land Russia is probably going to keep
what they've already gotten um and
probably the only way the war ends is if
Ukraine makes some kind of commitment
and not to join
NATO right yeah you and I could have
done that and it looks like that's
exactly exactly what's going to happen
is that uh there will be a land for
peace deal probably we don't know any
details yet so we're just speculating
still um and of course the there's no
way the NATO thing can stick they're
going to have to back off on that but as
you knows um Scott bassent was sent over
there treasur headed the treasury to
work on a deal where America would
benefit from the mineral resources of
Ukraine and sort of pay it back but my
understanding is just before I went live
today I
believe um I believe that Ukraine backed
out so I think they got talked down of
giving up their minerals so I don't know
who talked about of it but uh as of now
they're negotiating and saying nope no
minerals what do you think Trump's going
to say to
Ukraine before he starts negotiating
with
Putin well I don't know but I think it's
going to go something like
this uh if we do have access to your
minerals then you can guarantee that
there'll be some you know American
interest in keeping Ukraine a sovereign
country if we don't have access to your
minerals you're just an
expense and you're on your
own well that's should loosen them up a
little bit don't you think cuz I think
that's exactly the situation we're
either going to turn you into a profit
Center or you're on your own because
we're not going to pay forever for
something we don't need and don't
want all right I'm looking at yeah I
think zinski is probably just
negotiating but he doesn't have a strong
doesn't have a strong hand so we'll see
how that
goes um this is what Trump said himself
about his conversations I guess he had
big phone call with Putin and I'll just
read it because I want to I want to tell
you what both of them are doing
right uh I've decided that the three
most persuasive leaders in terms of
technique who actually understand
persuasion are Trump number one best in
the world Putin number two you don't
have to like Putin this is not a pro
Putin statement I'm just saying that his
persuasion skills are way above average
and then I'd say buelli from El Salvador
so I put him in the third spot but all
of them are world class persuaders just
completely in different they're in a
level of their own the if you look at
Canada Justin Trudeau no skill at all no
skill Great Britain no skill at all
Germany No skill at all yeah the but
America
Putin and bu Kelly lots of skill and uh
so I'll read what Trump said in his
truth post and we'll pick it apart for
the persuasion lesson okay so Trump said
in a truth post I just had a lengthy and
highly productive phone call with
Vladimir Putin of Russia number one he's
now
essentially considering Putin a peer
that he can work with and they're
already making success so this is a
little bit of claiming success but also
a little bit of allocating success to
both of them equally this is technique
he didn't say I got something we're
going to get something he said that the
two of us working together looks like
something productive is going to come
out of it perfect perfect persuasion
then he says we discussed Ukraine in the
Middle East energy artificial
intelligence power of the dollar and
various other
subjects perfect because the way that
you make an agreement that other people
can't figure out how to do is you bring
in other elements now we don't know that
he's done that but that would be the
perfect technique oh well if ending the
war with Ukraine you you're not quite
there yet how about if we throw in
something else something else you care
about and or or the other way we can
deny you something else you care about
so you bring in these other variables
that are big just to just make it easier
for the other side to say yes good
technique if you kept the the
conversation to the narrow narrow topic
of Ukraine versus Russia might not be
enough because you know both sides are a
little stuck in their positions or have
been we'll see if they're still stuck so
that's perfect bring in those other
topics then Trump says we both reflected
on the great history of our nations in
all capital letters uh or capital
capitalized uh and the fact that we
fought so successfully together in World
War II remembering that Russia lost tens
of millions of people and we likewise
lost so many now we didn't lose tens of
millions but here he is uh acknowledging
that Russia is a great
nation that is good that's good
technique because what is one of the
things that Putin wants to get out of
all of this business Putin wants to get
out of it
that Russia is a great nation that's not
the only thing of course they have
legitimate interests but it does seem
very important to both Putin and
probably Russians that they're treated
with full
respect and if you consider that you
know Russia was big reason that uh well
the biggest reason that uh Hitler was
defeated um that is worth calling out
you know it's not like Stalin was a good
guy or anything but showing some respect
for tremendous sacrifice tremendous
sacrifice on your your I don't know your
your partner I'd say in this case I
don't want to say
adversary good technique perfect
technique now he's made it easier for
Putin to make a deal because he's given
him one thing that he wants which is
we're going to treat you like like a
real leader of a real important country
and you have our full respect it's just
that there's some things we need and
we're not going to back down that is
really
good um then he says we talked about the
strengths of our respective Nations and
the great benefit that we will someday
have in working together there it is
that's classic Trump when Trump talks to
North Korea he doesn't say only we will
bomb you to the Stone Age if you do
something
bad what just
happened uh holy sh Trump just
fired all federal prosecutors appointed
by Biden holy
 all of them I don't even know I
don't even know the implications of
that wow all right we'll catch up with
that after the after the
show all right but anyway the thing that
Trump does when he negotiates with
another country he doesn't just say um
we're going to kill you if you don't do
what we want he says if we can work
together we can both get richer that's
really strong and I don't believe
anybody has said to
Russia that
uh that someday we could work together
and it'll be a great benefit to both
countries now I don't know specifically
what he has in mind but don't you think
that if we were let's say if we could
find a way not to be at each other's
throats that we could make some money
and be
safer I think so I think so so that's
classic Trump and good
technique um and then then Trump says
but first as we both agreed we want to
stop the millions of deaths taking place
in the war with Russia Ukraine again
just perfect I mean I might sound like
just a fanboy at this point but I'm
showing you the actual technique I'm not
I'm not just saying he's awesome I'm
showing you the details th this again is
the right frame Trump has been right on
frame CL this from the start we want
fewer people to die blah blah blah NATO
blah blah blah we want fewer people to
die blah blah blah Russia's natural
defenses blah blah blah
minerals we want few people to
die stay in that frame because if you
stay in the frame of we want fewer
people to
die there's a solution if you leave that
frame into all na oh 10 years oh oh you
blah blah blah degrade degrade Russia's
military oh Russia had a good reason or
didn't they have a good
reason nothing you got nothing but if
you can if you can agree to enter the
frame of saving lives then you got
something to work with so that's pure
Trump pure
perfect
um and then he says this is what Trump
says he says president President Putin
even used my very strong Camp campaign
motto of common sense so apparently
Putin appealed to Common Sense knowing
that he was echoing you know Trump's
great
unifying um campaign idea so there's
nothing more unifying than common sense
because nobody can disagree with it it's
common sense so it's the ultimate High
Ground it very much worked domestically
but here's a here's a example of Putin
being that good Persuader so you notice
that Putin seems to be on board with all
the framing that Trump has mentioned we
don't know but there was no sense of an
objection so if he is then he knows what
a good frame looks like and he's willing
to enter it a good frame would be can we
include all these other interests that's
a good frame can we just figure out how
to stop killing people that's a good
frame so Putin knows that but he's also
using a technique called mirroring so
he's he's mirroring back Trump's
favorite thing common sense that is
strong technique because it's also a
sign of
respect and it makes you feel like the
two of you don't have much distance it's
almost like you're one person because
you're both having the same thought yeah
Common Sense let's do that Common Sense
thing very strong that's why Putin's
good at
this so
um yeah and then that great benefit of
working together it's a carrot not just
a stick it's all perfect so Will trump
get it done don't know but if he does
get it done and he gets also a mineral
deal you know a rare Earth mineral deal
with
zinski he Trump might be able to do the
thing that is so
trumpy here's what I mean ending the war
would be a real major accomplishment
espe especially if he did it in a month
it would be one of the Great
accomplishments of a
president but is that enough to just be
amazingly end a war that couldn't be
ended by other people it's not enough
Trump wants to turn Ukraine into a
profit Center and get our money back now
I don't know if he's going to do that I
don't know if that's going to work but
if he ends the war in a month and turns
Ukraine into a profit Center
that's standing
ovation that that's just like make room
on Mount Rushmore like nobody could do
that like no no president would even try
to do that nobody would even think that
it was worth doing nobody would even put
like one minute of energy into trying
it but I think he could get it
done so that's why we voted for him
all right so those are all the comments
I have my prepared remarks um if you're
joining late uh a little bit of
technical difficulty probably on my end
um so we're only streaming today on X
and on
locals and uh I believe we'll be able to
put the recorded version on YouTube and
Rumble
later all right I'm seeing something
going by in the comments
uh
uh zuie zuie said in a post we've
collectively suffered uh through TDS for
10 years and now we must also suffer
through EDS which would be I guess Elon
Musk uh instead of trump derangement
syndrome and Elon Musk says what if I
get EDS
to that's
funny RFK vote is 32 y to 25 24
n you shoveled two driveways while
listening good for
you hey we're going to let the uh X
people stay for a minute so this this is
the after show normally I would just do
this for the uh subscribers of mine on
locals but since you were so nice on X
to stay with us this
long uh we we'll keep you live for
another minute or so all right usually I
just look through the comments see if
there's anything to comment on that I
missed
um yeah you are correct if I gets to a
bigger audience I'm happy with
it all right I don't have much else to
uh talk about I guess so I'm going to
say goodbye to the folks on X thanks for
joining I hope your sound was good the
microphone's not actually connected to
my phone it's but it's connected for the
locals people all right everybody bye
for now