ba-ba-boom ba-ba boom boom boom that is
my theme song it's the Sunday version
it's a little slower and lazier than the
weekday version but still really good I
think you'd agree those of you who are
musically minded alright good morning
Jeremy good morning Ivonne JP Mike Jean
Susan Edie it's good to see all of you
gather around
have you ever noticed that one of the
things about periscope that makes it
special is that it feels like you're
having a FaceTime conversation with
somebody you know because you all know
me at this point
but you're you're not doing much of the
talking you're just sort of listening
now you ever have those friends who do
all the talking well unlike your friend
who does all of the talking in the
morning when you're getting ready for
work or you're taking a break you're
having your coffee
speaking of coffee it's time for the
simultaneous sip grab your cup your
chalice your mug your vessel your glass
fill it with liquids of your choice I
like coffee and raise it to your lips
for the simultaneous up one of the best
parts of your entire day here it comes
oh that's good well let's talk about a
few things I've I've introduced in the
past my my views on something called a
half pinion a half opinion is like a
full opinion if you leave out half of it
now a full opinion of anything would
include all of the costs as you see them
and all of the benefits as you see them
of any action so if you've included both
the costs and the benefits that's a full
opinion if you've only looked at one of
them either the costs only or the
benefits only that's a half pinion we're
seeing a lot of half pinions about Saudi
Arabia but they're they're a little bit
disguised and I want to show you one
that is just wonderful so here's the
setup
there are a lot of anti choppers who are
saying things such as you've got to get
tough with Saudi Arabia we can't let
them get away with doing what they did
to a journalist's but what they leave
out is what do you do give me a
suggestion if there's a suggestion we
should put that in the mix look at the
costs look at the benefits consider all
of the suggestions I'm for all of that
but I want you to see how the
alternative is being framed here and
watch how this is just word salad so
this is an article I just weeded from
CNN it says white rump can swallow the
far-fetched saudi cover story now as i
tweeted yesterday i think the Saudis
version of events is pretty ridiculous
that Kisuke got in a fight and he
accidentally died in up and a fist fight
or something something ridiculous so
it's not really believable but
apparently the president
is showing indications that he's he's
willing to believe it now the
president's view seems like a full
opinion if we if we do something to
punish Saudi Arabia it'll either punish
us more than them or it will be
counterproductive to our larger
interests if we don't punish them well
you know it's we lose a little in terms
of you know our interest in protecting
the press our interest in protecting
human rights but there's not much we
could have done about that anyway and at
least we gain in terms of stability in
the Middle East and our objectives so
the president has a full opinion but
this writer for CNN Julian Zelizer CNN
political analyst he he describes the
case and then here's his here's his
alternative so the alternative to
pretending to believe Saudi Arabia's
excuse and and let's be honest the
president if he accepts their excuse in
public he is pretending we all know that
right
so what is the alternative to pretending
that you believe Saudi Arabia so you can
get past it here's what here's the word
salad alternative in C of M if Americans
are serious about their outrage and
we're not and so so the very first part
the part of the sentence you know should
be the end of the end of the sentence if
America if Americans are serious about
their outrage we are absolutely not
serious about our outrage about this
situation you know as a whole there
might be individuals around rage but the
country no we are not outraged okay well
I'll just read the rest of it if
Americans are serious about their
outrage they need to do more than
condemn President trumpet and I'm
thinking okay here it comes
what's the more tell us the more that we
can do that would be useful in this
situation fill out your opinion
they need to push through a thorough
reevaluation of u.s. foreign policy okay
okay so far that's something you could
do you can thoroughly reevaluate US
foreign policy that's probably a good
thing to do every now and then no matter
what so so far we're good they need to
push through a thorough revaluation of
US foreign policy
here's the second part that makes human
rights a much bigger priority in how we
handle business beyond our borders what
what does that mean to make us to make
human rights a much bigger priority what
does it mean it's already a top priority
it doesn't mean anything
so it's this is how how the folks with
half pinyons pretend they have full
opinions and it looks like this I'll use
it in a different example I'll say for
example we should not put murderers in
jail murderers should not be punished
and if he asked me why why well we
should do a thorough evaluation of our
penal system to make sure that we're not
punishing people in a way that's
unconstitutional I just said nothing
it's just word salad
all right so you see this a lot
the alternative to Trump's a parent plan
we say a parent because we don't know
what he's thinking but his action so far
would suggest that he's leaning heavily
toward giving Saudi Arabia some kind of
a pass on this the alternative to that
is this to push for a thorough
re-evaluation of the u.s. foreign policy
that makes human rights emit much bigger
priority in how we handle business
beyond our borders so the alternative is
blah blah blah that's that
if there's only one choice and the other
choice is words that sound together they
sound like they work in the sentence but
don't actually mean anything you only
have one choice
so can you criticize a president who has
one choice and takes it
we are only pretending there's another
choice and I can't consider this a valid
criticism of the president when there is
no other choice
discussed alright enough on that do you
know how many journalists were killed in
Mexico last year so do you know the
context of this Joshu key murder is the
context that rarely rarely does a
journalist get killed in another country
sadly that is not the context the
context is that journalists get killed
kind of all the time in other countries
and I believe the number for Mexico in
one year was 16 I think there were 16
journalists killed in Mexico in most
recent one year yeah it was at 18 18 or
16 something like that so how how upset
did we get about all of the Mexican
journalists who were killed in the past
year we did not get upset
should we have been upset about 16
journalists being killed right on our
border you know a bordering country yeah
yeah we should be a little bit more
upset about that than then one person in
you know Saudi embassy but we're not but
I think it's more fair to say that we're
just not concerned about it at all
frankly
now here's some foreshadowing you're
going to enjoy there's a little bit of
worry starting to seep out on the left
about the midterm election do you see it
yet have you seen the the confidence in
the midterms has now very clearly turned
into worry and let me tell you at one of
the ways you can see it on CNN is a home
page they have two stories about
minority vote suppression so there's two
stories on the front page of CNN about
minority of voter suppression one of
them is County tosses hundreds of
minority ballots and the other is black
senior citizens pulled off the bus
taking them to vote watch how many
minority voter suppression stories you
see because they need to they need to
create the alibi and click in case the
midterms don't go the way the Democrats
want so they're setting the stage to say
well we've been reporting about all this
minority voter suppression so I think
you can see that the result didn't go
our way
not because of Russia but because of
minority vote suppression so they had
that Russia you know russia interference
thing going for them in the presidential
election but now that's probably not
going to work for the midterms because
we're watching them too carefully so
they need a new excuse and they're
already lining it up so it's going to be
minority voter suppression now speaking
of Russia you may have seen in the news
today that the president has decided to
pull out of a Russian arms treaty
agreement which apparently they're
violating like crazy which is the
production of shorter range missiles I
guess missiles that would endanger
Europe
and I say to myself hey what kind of
Russian collusion is that kind of comes
at a good time doesn't it imagine you're
going into the midterms and your news
source has told you that Muller isn't
going to talk until after the midterms
why would Muller wait until after the
midterms well it's a good idea to wait
you don't want to interfere in the in
the midterm election so I'm glad he's
waiting but it does make you wonder it
does make you wonder what Muller has if
Muller had the goods on president Trump
would he wait until after the midterms
to tell the country maybe if he's a
straight shooter he might actually wait
no matter what the evidence suggested he
might wait until after the midterms just
to be a good Patriot and not interfere
with the election but but if he had some
kind of a smoking gun and it was clear
to Muller that something important that
happened with Russia and had changed the
election and you know that President
Trump is working with Putin or anything
like that I feel like you'd want to tell
the country so that they could vote
accordingly maybe not but you have to
ask yourself whether he would so I I
feel as though we have ruled out the
possibility of whatever the worst case
scenario looks like if Muller had some
kind of a you know smoking gun you know
we've got we've got the goods on the
president sort of thing I feel like we'd
know by now so it's almost as certainly
that the Trump collusion thing has
fallen apart and all they're doing is
waiting for the paperwork and and at the
report but at the same time the
president just cancelled this missile
deal with Russia and that doesn't make
sense
for a clue tur so the voting public is
going to look at this president Trump
going hard on the Russians right before
the midterms timings pretty good for the
president
I don't know how many things going to
line up in the president's favor before
we start noticing what's the worst thing
happening for the president right now
the worst news for the president what is
it the worst news for the president is
the Saudi Arabia situation and here was
it here's what's interesting about it
the Saudi Arabia situation has the the
left media solidly sort of against the
president you know as usual questioning
how he's handling Saudi Arabia
that's the left's of media now I'm not
positive but this is my intuition about
my fellow citizens on both the left and
the right I feel as though even the
political left even the Democrats don't
care about Saudi Arabia and what I mean
by don't care is they too would rather
get a good result in the Middle East the
larger picture then they care about one
Saudi and we've got killed in the Saudi
and embassy so I think the worst thing
that the president has against him is
not even resonating with the people who
don't like him it's it seems to exist
only at the journalist level have you
has anybody ever met anybody in person
who cared about this story I'm actually
curious have any of you met anybody
you've got a co-worker or family member
have you heard anybody who's actually
outraged about this journalists being
killed by the Saudis and outraged to the
point where we they think we should act
against our own national interest to do
something about it
I haven't haven't seen one do you
remember seeing on CNN where they went
out to the street and they were
interviewing people in the street and
they were saying you know are you
outraged and should we do something
about this murder of the Saudi
journalists and then they would talk to
the people on the street oh oh that's
right that didn't happen
why is CNN not doing focus groups
where's the CNN focus group of citizens
that they asked them how much they care
about the Saudi story I don't know I
haven't seen a focus group because it
seems to me that no matter how you chose
those people you couldn't put it you
couldn't put together a small focus
group with anybody who cared I don't
think you could find a single person
unless they were actually journalists
working in the Middle East that's about
it
so let's move to another story as you
know I have been railing against
offensive little China because they have
an illegal illegal escy word here drug
labs in China apparently associated with
some big gang over there the Sheng gang
or something and their drugs might be
killing something like 30,000 Americans
per year keep in mind that the entire
Vietnam War saw the deaths of 58,000
Americans so in two years China will
kill more Americans than the Vietnam War
and that's now count counting the
wounded how many people are families
that have been wounded by the death or
the addiction of a child so so China is
essentially at war with the United
States except it's not the government
which is weird there are Chinese
citizens a drug cartel types in China
who were at war with America in all
practical purposes if you look at the
size of the death toll and I had said
that if we can't get the Chinese
government to to execute these fentanyl
top dealers you know just the drug lab
people not the small dealers if we can't
get at China to do it that we have moral
cover we are morally within our right
to treat it as a war situation and to go
into their country you know undercover
and murder
it wouldn't be murder it would be just
well would it be murder depends how you
see it but we'd be killing those people
extra illegally in other words without
the legal system and one of my smarter
followers said wait a minute you're
suggesting that we ignore due process
and kill Chinese citizens you know what
would be the blowback from that imagine
that imagine the United States killing
Chinese citizens in China murdering them
because they're the fence and ALAB
people what would be the blowback from
that well I'll tell you it would send a
very strong message would China go to
war with us if we killed their criminals
for them the ones that they want to also
kill well not if we got the right people
if we got the wrong people they might be
upset but if we get the right people no
they would have to say something maybe
publicly but maybe they wouldn't even do
that my guess is that they would not
mention it just you know play this in
your mind
we send our or Wetwork people I'm sure
we have them or we hire somebody in
China to to kill them so let's say the
Chinese government learns that the u.s.
is behind the murder of a criminal
defense little lab owner in China does
China make an international thing of it
no because fentanyl China does not want
to be known as fentanyl China they don't
want to be known as the country that
can't take care of their own business
they don't want any more publicity on
the fact that they kill 30,000 Americans
a year while they're trying to negotiate
trade deals they would be more quiet
about it than
we would do you know who would help
cover-up if the United States killed a
Chinese citizen who was guilty of being
a fence a little lab criminal China
would cover it up faster than we would
because it's the last freaking point
they it's the last thing they would want
anybody to know about that we were in
their country augmenting their own legal
system because they couldn't get it done
now the practical matter is we might
might not be able to identify those
people but to the extent that we have a
zero doubt about identity if there's any
doubt about identity that's a whole
different question but if we don't have
any doubt about you know who's the boss
of the drug labs I say full speed ahead
what if China won't kill him we shall
kill them for them I say that's my view
as a citizen now let's talk about
influencing the midterm election I have
a suggestion for you which I'm positive
is legal
I think I'm not violating the law here
let me think this through okay I'm gonna
say it but I'm pretty sure it's not
against the law if it is somebody
informed me and I'll take it back and
the idea is this that let's say three
days before Election Day let's say that
let's say this Sunday before Election
Day you tweet or share an image of a
flag an American flag with no words do
not say please vote do not say anything
about the other side do not say any
message any message you put on the flag
in the example I'm going to give you
detracts from its power now the reason
is there have been studies Jill Dini
talked about it it was
persuasion in which the American flag
biases people to vote Republican now I
don't know if the same effect would hold
over social media especially since
people are siloed so the Republicans
will see Republican messages and the
Democrats will see Democrat messages for
the most part so those flags might not
you know even be visible to the to the
political left but that's not the point
in this case so the point of doing this
would be to make people think about
America because my my speculation is
this and I don't know this to be true my
speculation is this if you show a bunch
of patriotic images to Republicans on
election day you know and right around
election day if you show them a lot of
patriotic images I believe that
motivates them to get off the couch and
vote you don't need to put any words on
it and if you do you're dim you're
diminishing the power of the message but
if you are in the anti-shah if you're a
critic of the current government
if you don't think America is great and
you don't want it to be great if you
think America has overreached what does
the American flag do to you probably
turns you off a little bit doesn't it I
would think that the American flag has
this unique quality in which it's our
symbol for all of us but probably at the
moment given the hyper partisan politics
it probably is a motivational symbol
Republicans which would cause them to
vote in greater numbers and it's
probably an anti motivational symbol for
the other side now given that I have
never tested this hypothesis but it
makes sense in terms of you know
everything we know you know my intuition
my my experience they all suggest that
this would be a powerful thing to do is
it legal is it legal to do what I just
said
it certainly would be legal if you all
just tweeted your opinions and you just
said hey go vote Republican that would
be illegal that would be completely
legal but is it legal to do something
that isn't as obvious even if it's a
little bit obvious but that it's a
little bit more persuasion powerful you
know simply tweeting that people should
vote people are gonna look at that and
say yeah that didn't change anybody's
mind so they can ignore it
but a billion American flags could
actually move the dial you know the
there probably is no stronger symbol for
Republicans and probably independents as
well than the American flag it would be
hard to think of anything any single
picture you know that moves us that way
I mean not counting let's say violence
and children and stuff like that but
outside of the realm of violence the
flag is the strongest yes the has the
biggest visceral impact on us it moves
our bodies have you ever gotten
goosebumps from the flag I have how many
of you have ever gotten goosebumps from
seeing a flag I'm actually interested in
that question because I'll bet us a lot
of you and and which will get to my next
point I'm just waiting for the comments
to catch up with me so the question was
how many of you who have ever felt
goosebumps from looking at the American
flag and you can see that the yes is
starting to come in so one of the ways
that you can you can determine what is
powerful persuasion and what is not is
whether it physically changes you all
right something that makes you laugh is
a physical change that was somewhat in
the voluntary and that means that that's
good persuasion it made you laugh
something that makes you cry like
actually physically cry is good
persuasion because it made your body do
something the American flag gives you
goosebumps goosebumps are a physical
change if your persuasion no matter what
your persuasion is give somebody an
immediate physical change that's
powerful and that's the only kind of
persuasion that you should be looking
for
you should only look for persuasion that
causes a physical change in the other
person not a mental change not an idea
change not a not I'm thinking if things
differently change not a my facts are
better than your facts changed not my
logic is better than your none of that
moves the body the body moves based on
feelings right and the flag yeah yeah
yeah the flag has brought people to
tears it is given them goosebumps it's
made people it's is just given people
every kind of feeling you can have but
they're primarily positive feelings
overwhelmingly for Americans so that's
my suggestion if you want to see if you
can influence the vote Republican if
seems to me that tweeting different
images of the American flag so here's so
here's the two tricks that you should
really really be careful about number
one don't put any words on it number two
don't start too early because people can
get used to anything right if you start
now the flag beam will be overused by
Election Day in other words will become
flag blind will just see too many flags
between now and Election Day
that there won't mean anything by
Election Day you know of course it's
still the flag so it'll mean something
but it's you know you'll be taking a
little of the energy out of it if you
start too early so I would say around
Sunday before Election Day the reason
I'm picking that is a pee
we'll make their plans a few days in
advance people need to start thinking
about Election Day to make sure that
they've opened their schedule they know
how to get there they figured out
figured out where the polling places are
that sort of thing
so you don't want to do it too early you
don't want to add words and you don't
want to use the same image of the flag
every time so you want to mix that up as
well so some of you might use clipart
some of you might take a photo of a flag
some of you might use some you know a
close-up of the flag others might show a
flag being raised so you want some
variety it's all flag but different
pictures so the mind doesn't get
snowblind to it right so remember those
new tricks no words just the flag
started three days let's say the Sunday
before Election Day and and use
different images it's okay to retweet
other people's images but if you see too
many of one kind of flag throw it
another one just to keep the variety up
all right and that would be an
interesting test I don't know if there's
any way to probably there's no way to
measure it whether it would work or not
can you explain why that would be
illegal yeah the the reason why I wonder
if it would be illegal is that it's too
powerful and too clever it's the sort of
thing where let me make a bad analogy
let's say you were thinking about being
in a murderer and you were going to
commit an attempted murder and so you
took a snowball you made a nice snowball
and you threw it at somebody and hit him
in the back with it now even if your
intention was murder you did such a bad
job of it that if the police caught you
they'd say it's a snowball it really
couldn't have killed this person so
maybe will you charge you with some
small annoying thing
but that's not really attempted murder
even if that's what you had in mind
right yeah it's battery or its assault
and battery likewise if you're trying to
affect influence the election but you're
not good at it
nobody cares he's just not good at it so
if you tweet something that shows your
opinion or whatever it's just free
speech doesn't move the it doesn't move
the dial nobody cares about it but this
flag thing has at least the potential to
be so persuasive that would
short-circuit your rational processes
and it could influence an election
result in a way that changes the history
in the world so when you take something
that wouldn't be a problem if it's done
poorly and small and then you ramp it up
to super effective the the legal system
starts to look at it differently because
it starts to matter so I don't see
exactly why it would be illegal because
it's something that Americans are doing
for their own election we already
express our opinions there should be no
problem with you know expressing your
love for the flag but if it's too
powerful you could imagine how if it's
not illegal today maybe someday I will
be I don't know how you would make good
persuasion illegal but and so my my
opinion is that it would not be illegal
but you can imagine how somebody would
would move to make it so you could
easily imagine how the law would catch
up to technology and they would do some
tests and they would say holy heck every
time this flag thing happens turn up
goes up on one side so maybe we should
think about no flag memes before
election day or something so it will
only matter if it works someday it could
be illegal at the moment
I think it is not is there a law about
influence elections there's certainly a
law about influencing elections in
illegitimate ways I guess it depends
what is illegitimate
is read wave better than blue wave red
wave frankly doesn't sound like a
positive thing does it what I think red
I think I think blood and communism so
when you say red wave frankly the the
persuasive power of that is kind of weak
because that's sort of a negative a blue
wave feels like the ocean I like the
ocean surfing it's a nice day there's a
nice blue wave out there but a red way
if if you see a red wave yeah red tide
yeah red tides no good
nobody wants a red tide red wave is sort
of something you run away from so there
is an unfortunate disadvantage for the
Republicans on that symbolism
yeah China's got a red flag exactly no
campaigning within 50 feet of polling
place there's well that's a perfect
example thank you for that example so I
was trying to think of an example where
if you did something minor
it wouldn't be illegal but if you did
the same thing in just a more effective
way it would become illegal and if
you're campaigning right around the
polling place that has been made illegal
because it's more effective the reason
that you can't do your campaigning right
around a polling place is because it's
effective that's the only difference
it's effective now it's effective for a
different reason because it might be
intimidating etc but it's only illegal
because it works if you think about it I
guess maybe they made it illegal so
fights don't break in there may be some
practical reason for it or you know what
causes a parking problem or something so
it may have practical implications but
you see the point
in Massachusetts that's 150 feet and you
can't advocate for anything
all right I think I've said everything I
want to say I got nothing else have you
noticed that the the news is less
interesting when the president isn't
doing something provocative but you know
what today is
today is Sunday provocative tweet day so
I would expect the President to thrill
us all with some Sunday and Monday
tweets so watch out for that all right
that's all I got I'll talk to all of you
later