[Music]
hey everybody come on in here Tyler
good to see you Brian
dan tre it's all guys today oh no Yvonne
okay Lex I angel all right we've got a
good mix in here while those numbers
piling up oh you're something
interesting you may know that patreon is
having some problems because they kicked
off kick something off for free speech
reasons at least that's the argument so
my patreon donations of course plummeted
because the people who would have
normally donated to me got off the
platform for other reasons and then my
other source of income related to these
periscopes and both in both cases it's
very small it's not significant but I
got my statement for these super hearts
so that's where you can do a super hard
on periscope and you know maybe a dollar
or something for for the presentations
and they plunged I think 90% last month
now here's here's what I asked you do
you think 90% of fewer people hit the
super hearts in the most recent month
and baby I mean it's possible but we
live in the world where you can't trust
anything anymore Kevin
yeah it was simpler time I would have
just said it was the holidays so the
numbers are smaller or something like
that but but now you see anything that's
out of place and your your brain
automatically goes to I think it's a
conspiracy I think they're after me so
just to be clear I have no reason to
believe you know I've been targeted at
least in this particular sense I've been
targeted before obviously but it's it
does make me question all right it looks
like everybody's here and that me
it's time for the simultaneous sip yeah
grab your cup your mug your glass your
container your tankard your Stein your
Chellis if you will raise it to your
lips and join me for the simultaneous it
oh yeah well I hope all of you by now
either watch live where I've seen the
clips of the president's address to the
public from the Oval Office
not the Oval Office whatever yeah Oval
Office and I hope that you saw the
response now let me I wanted to jump in
last night and give my response but
everybody was doing that so I waited to
the morning wanted to process a little
bit what are the things I like to do is
to try to avoid my first impression and
see how I feel you know a few hours
later let things sink in because your
first impression everything is sort of
equal because it's fresh but over time
the weaker impressions fade and then
you're left with just a few dominant
themes so until my brain has done that
natural process of forgetting things
there for whatever reason did not did
not make a mark and and you know then a
few things emerge then I can tell what
are the dominant themes because they're
the ones that last so I don't know if
I've waited long enough but it feels
like it so you're here the dominant of
the themes which have lasted number one
our government is broken I'm sure I'm
not the first person who ever said that
I maybe the three hundred millionth
person to say that but rarely have you
ever seen a demonstration of such
dysfunction just laid out in front of
you it was as if the government had said
hey people we want to show you how how
dis
the government is so we're gonna we're
going to have everybody come out and
give you a demonstration of why nothing
works now I have a different opinion of
why nothing works and of course
throughout the ages everybody complains
about the government and it's always
been a complaint that the government is
you know corrupt or incompetent so in a
sense there's nothing new about the
complaints but I do think that the the
the base reason for why things are not
working may have changed here's what I'm
seeing it seems to me that the business
model of the press trying to get you to
click on things that get you excited and
catch your hair on fire which was not
the business model of the press in the
past but in the past the business of the
news was to give you something like the
news today it's about getting you to
click stuff getting your attention and
that requires a kind of a spin on the
news to you know hyper you know hyper
excited to catch your hair on fire and
in those worlds of course the news media
is divided into so you've got your left
media and your right media and they're
very different versions of the world so
in that world the politicians end up you
know lining up with one of them sides
and then the news media is sort of
pulling the chains so in my opinion the
reason the government doesn't work is
because the press is broken I don't know
if I've heard that I don't think I've
heard anybody say it the way I just said
it correct me if I'm wrong because every
time I think I said something new
somebody will say well that's just what
somebody else said the other day then I
realized that it's that maybe it's more
obvious than I thought so the idea here
is that the government can't work if the
press doesn't work and in that world
president Trump's previous
some of the press is entirely legitimate
it seems and the press who is it that
told you that the president should not
criticize the press just like a bit
think about this question for a moment
who told you that is wrong for a
president to criticize the press who
told you that the press the press told
you that it's illegitimate for the
president who they've been hammering
with fake news to criticize the press
think about that you you know you're
saying to yourself wait a minute wait it
wasn't really the press they just
brought people on TV or they reported on
people and you know written form and
they asked them questions and those
pundits who do not necessarily work for
the press yeah they did their thing and
the press just reported it but that's
not what really happened because the
press gets to decide who's on how much
attention they get what kind of
questions you ask so the press has
pretended that is not the press telling
you that the press should not be
criticized at the same time the press is
doing something so bad to the country
that you know if there are a way to make
it illegal this should happen but I
don't think there's any way to do that
within a First Amendment free speech
framework so and I'm gonna give you a
little bit more of that in a minute but
I want to go back to the main theme
which is how did the government look so
my main takeaway is that the president
looked terrible the Democratic response
looked terrible
I thought that both sides looked weak
incompetent bored and old that's what I
got weak incompetent bored and old both
sides equal the president looked like he
was phoning it in
the Democrats I don't want to be cruel
and I don't I don't love to talk about
physical looks but you can't really
ignore it because we're human beings
were visual creatures and the way things
look just makes a big difference it's
the reason that doing a doing a an
address from The Oval Office has more
power than doing it from somewhere else
because the look you know where were
visual creatures am I'm haunted by the
picture of Schumer and Pelosi's standing
there like the taxidermist had been you
know they I have in my mind this I guess
because I'm the cartoonist I imagine
these little funny stories that got us
to where we are and I can see somebody
like Miss dialing and saying all right
I'm trying to find a makeup artist for
Nancy and humor so Chuck come and see
they need makeup artist click click
click click click hello is this I'd like
you to come over and and fix up fancy
and Chuck but you've missed dialed and
you got the taxidermist and said so the
taxidermist shows up and you know puts
on this weird and makeup I mean
literally Pelosi looked like she had
been her makeup had been done by a
funeral director they didn't even look
like human beings how in the world can
your makeup and your presentation be
presentation be so bad for two people
just think about that if if something
bad happens to one person let's say one
person has bad makeup or one person
doesn't look good you say well you know
one person had a bad day but what do you
put Pelosi and humor up there and they
literally look like they came out of the
a wax museum that was you know his first
day and they hadn't figured out how to
make good wax people I mean I don't know
what was wrong with Pelosi's face and
again I'm not the guy who makes fun of
people's looks
this is about the politics of it this is
about the persuasion of it's about how
you felt about it right so I'm not
mocking anybody for their looks because
I'm not the guy who can mock people for
their looks right take a look at this
stuff right I got I got no argument for
making fun of other people for their
looks but it's part of the story Pelosi
and Schumer looked terrible I mean yeah
somebody said political zombies that's
actually that's great they did look like
political zombies they look like the
walking dead cadavers that's exactly and
if I'm being fair the president looked
like he wished he had been someplace
else the you know there was no emotion
in it it didn't look like it wasn't his
words he was reading some other speech
that obviously he approved of it but
let's start with the president I think
the president failed in what should have
been the most important thing he needed
to do in that speech the most important
thing he needed to do was D personalize
it he needed to make the case that
there's no longer much disagreement on
the facts now he tried to make that case
but if fell flat
there was like incomplete without also
making the case that the that this had
become a personal situation about him
and he could have said let's find a way
to de personalize this let's just hand
it off to the engineers let's form a
committee of let's say Border Patrol and
let's he could have said hey Nancy and
Chuck joined with me to meet with wait
for it the committee from Border Patrol
with border patrol yeah let's meet with
Border Patrol together and their
engineers and see if they can tell us
what this should look like to get the
job done something like that could move
the bowl
but I'm hearing people say oh the
president really nailed it the Democrats
didn't do well I guarantee you that
they're Democrats saying of Nancy and
Chuck nailed it but President Trump did
not I don't think anybody got persuaded
by either side I saw nothing persuasive
happening either way except that they
persuaded us that the government is
completely broken now what was the
biggest stuff they were arguing about
they were arguing about the definition
of the word crisis when you voted for
your leaders no matter who you voted for
were you voting for somebody to help you
decide what words mean were you voting
for somebody to explain to you what the
word crisis means so that you could make
a decision on politics
oh you'll act this way if we put this
word on it but we'll act a different way
if you use a different word why are they
why why are our politicians helping us
with words there isn't a frickin person
in the country who cares what word you
put on this nobody cares about the word
stop talking about it now I realize that
if you call it a crisis you can call it
a national emergency you know maybe that
triggers some different things but that
is so the wrong way to approach a
problem to approaching a problem by
arguing about what the word means
come on that is a broken government but
again to my earlier point if you're just
joining us the government didn't break
itself the press changed its business
model and its business model
it requires breaking the government just
the way you saw all right
the the amazing thing and the reason
that maybe my faith in government has
reached at least a temporary low is that
this is a disagreement without a
difference everybody agrees that good
border control just
Orton Democrats Republicans everybody
grits so you have a you have a
disagreement over a complete agreement
everybody agrees that we currently have
you know metal barriers on the border
and that they were important and they
work everybody agrees the president is
saying hey let's get let's get some you
know metal more barriers sort of similar
to the ones we already have
but maybe improve them a little bit you
know maybe they're taller in some places
or whatever complete agreement and and
if you're talking about how much it cost
that's not really the problem here is it
the problem is not the cost the problem
is are we putting the money on something
that makes sense and since both sides
agree on what makes sense border control
makes sense steel barriers make sense
the president has already met them in
the middle and then they left the
president came to the middle and then
everybody left because he was in the
middle they couldn't handle the fact
that he had done something reasonable
they didn't have to deal with it
now what is the there's one part of the
the Democrats response that frankly
makes me angry every time I hear it and
that's not true for most political
responses because mostly it's just blah
blah blah blah right but when the when
the Democrats chided the president for
saying that Mexico would pay for the
wall that's not the problem today is it
that is not the problem the the
Democrats have not ever held the
position that you should not improve the
border unless Mexico pays for it and in
fact that's the way I would turn it
around Schumer and Pelosi have actually
stood in front of the nation and said
they don't want to improve the border
unless
Mexico pays for it that's kind of what
they said Trump said he would get Mexico
to pay for it but if you can't make that
happen right away and he wants us to pay
for it because it's a priority the
president's position is completely
sensible first choice see if you can get
Mexico to pay for it if you can't it's
still important then you pay for it and
maybe you figured out later how you
could make them pay for it directly or
indirectly but the president's path
makes complete sense with what he said
in the past makes complete sense now
first choice Mexico pays for it but we
don't have a current way to do that so
let's get it done maybe they can pay for
it later maybe we can figure that out
maybe we can't it doesn't matter because
we still need it
the Pelosi Schumer approach is that they
don't want to improve the border
apparently because Mexico won't pay for
it that makes me mad because it's not
even a good political attack they it's
the clearest signal that this is just
about mocking the president when they
bring up the Mexico paid for the wall
thing all they're doing is personalizing
it and they're showing us that they
can't do their jobs because we didn't
hire them to mock the president because
it feels good or make sure people feel
good it's just not doing their job
period all right I wanted to teach you
how CNN creates news and of nothing and
I'll read you from my tweets just before
I got on I was tweeting a article by se
cups commentator on CNN and here's
something she actually said in an
opinion piece today she said and this is
quote from se Cups she said but for any
of what Trump said to resonate in other
words for you to believe what Trump said
you'd have to pretend you don't know
what he really thinks mind reading her
entire opinion and apparently that of
CNN because they seem to talk the same
way is that they can literally read his
mind and that they're going to ignore
what he does and what he proposes in
favor of what they think he secretly
thinks really this is the media being
broken and I wanted to teach you how CNN
comes up with their news shall I go to
the whiteboard yes I shall so I noticed
that on slow news days or when CNN just
wants to hammer on the president they
have a number of techniques which they
use for news making one is read Trump's
mind how many stories have you have you
heard on CNN that goes something like
this
the president is epileptic the president
is very worried the president cares
mostly about they have lots of language
to do it but in every case they are
telling us that they can discern his
inner thoughts and when his inner
thoughts are in conflict with what he's
doing they prefer his inner thoughts
take for example take for example there
are inner thoughts about how he feels
about immigrants coming across the
border here we have a policy which is in
complete agreement with past and current
Democrat philosophy that you need to
reinforce the border he's come down from
his Mexico pays for it he's come down
from the house
a big concrete wall - exactly where they
are exactly what the Democrats wanted
they wanted to spend money to improve
the border no matter who was president
no matter who was president the
Democrats were going to spend money
voluntarily to improve the border using
probably steel structures but here's the
reason they won't do it they won't do it
because they have read the president's
mind and they've determined that his
intention his intention is racist so in
other words his proposal to do exactly
what Democrats want to do improve the
border using steel structures if they
had done it it would be moral because in
fact they have done it many times and
nobody is complaining that it's in world
when it has been done in the past but
now it's immoral not because a steel
structure is bad by itself not because
protecting the border is bad nobody
makes that argument nobody serious makes
that argument instead the entire
argument is based on their thoughts
about the president's inner intentions
which are not in evidence except that
they've read the tea leaves so they
think they can read his mind
all right here's another way that they
manufactured news I always laugh when
they bring commentator David Gerken on
have you ever seen him on CNN they bring
gurgaon whenever they need to have
somebody give them attitude so if
there's no new news they bring him on
and I will do a deal impression of him
the president he always looks beaten
down doesn't he he looks like he's
exhausted
by all the badness the bad news has me
exhausted this president he's doing
things that we've never seen in the
asked all the things he's doing there
it's just beyond the pale it's beyond
the pale it's non-standard it's
non-standard it's something we've never
seen before it's unprecedented it's
unprecedented and he can talk for an
hour without saying a damn thing
it's just like this pure attitude play
about how the world used to be better
and maybe it will come apart and perhaps
we should be worried in some vague way
about a trend that will continue but if
we could read people's minds and candy
you know and look into the future and
possibly something will go wrong but I'm
certainly beaten down and man do I have
an attitude about it but the only thing
I know for sure it's president Trump's
fault
that's how you make news that nothing
the other way they make news is if
president if President Trump has a good
day they that they break the glass and
take Paul Manafort out they go he's got
a good day president and what may it be
coming out a little bit ahead here get
man afford get matter for Manford
Manafort matter so you see they're
they're they're whipping Manafort again
today because you talked to yet another
Russian what is the one thing we know
about every single Russian there's one
fact that we know about every Russian
they are associated with Russian
intelligence can you show me one
fricking Russian who is not associated
with Russian intelligence when was the
last time you saw a news story about a
Russian who was not associated with
Russian intelligence they they all
seemed to know somebody who knows
somebody at least they're all associated
with
intelligence and by the way this this
Manafort guy might actually be
associated with Russian intelligence I'm
not even telling you it's false I'm just
saying that it's kind of a coincidence
that every Russian we are about is
associated with Russian intelligence
some of them probably don't have their
phone number so with with Manta Fort Sam
or whatever whatever comes out of that
is likely to be more about Manafort than
about anybody else then of course
there's the charlottesville hoax
whenever they need to you know whip up
opinion they pretend that the president
literally said that the that the
neo-nazis marching and saying
anti-semitic things that he said they
were fine people
no of course that is Feynman's what the
president said was that there were
people on both sides of the statue
debate and that there were some good
people on both sides of the debate the
media only turned that into I think he
just praised Nazis no that didn't happen
he said the the statue debate had good
people on both sides
CNN reports of this fact the racist
piece of yes rpoS racist piece of
 tweeted it herself as for number
one reason that the president is a
racist her number one reason is fake
news not only is it fake news it's
really obvious fake news now I'm gonna
tell you something that I probably
shouldn't tell you I have had a private
conversation with somebody as CNN I will
I will leave that name an event in which
I have explained that the
Charlottesville thing is fake news so
and let's just say it's somebody s CNN
news high and high enough up that their
opinion would would have some influence
yeah I'm not going to tell you who it is
but I know the opinion has reached
then they've at least heard that this is
fake news and once you hear it it's kind
of obvious as fake news because the
alternative is that the President of the
United States was praising people who
wanted to deport his own daughter for
being Jewish
that didn't happen or they imagined that
the president United States thought it
would be a good idea to praise neo-nazis
who are literally chanting anti-semitic
things and that he's also the guy who's
Israel's best friend and he's also the
guy who moved the embassy to Jerusalem I
mean none of this makes sense there's no
way in the world yeah his grandchildren
are Jewish
obviously he's close with the Jared none
of it makes sense and yet they still
report it
and and it wouldn't matter if it were
just an ordinary story if it were just a
small ordinary story you'd say well they
got that one wrong big deal but it's the
number one reason they use to condemn
them the number one reason and it's
completely made-up the other thing that
they do to make news is argue that the
percent of whatever the story is matters
more than the absolute number so for
example they say yes the immigration
brings crime into the country but it
brings them at a lower rate than the
crime rate among the locals so the
people who are already here have a
higher crime rate than the people who
come in if you include both the illegal
and the legal
No yeah both the illegal and legal
immigrants I believe now that might be
true and in fact it seems to me likely
to be true because in my experience the
people who are undocumented don't want
to get in any trouble they don't want to
get a speeding ticket you know they
don't want to they don't want to get
deported so it does make sense that they
would be unusually law-abiding and in
fact the vast majority of them came here
just to work they didn't come here for
crime so I completely believe you know
and of course in a world of fake news
you can never know what's true but it
makes complete sense to me that the
entire population of undocumented folks
in this country probably have a lower
crime rate and maybe even a lower
violence rate but does it matter that
the percentage of their average is a
little bit better than the citizens who
are here does that matter let me let me
put it this way if you lived in a town
because you know analogies are great if
you lived in a town where the crime rate
was a little bit below average
not a lot let's say you lived in a town
oh I live in a town I live in a town
where my crime rate is probably let's
say I'd say my crime rate here is at
least ten percent below the average for
the rest of the country should I then
therefore not lock my door because my
crime rate is ten percent less than
everywhere else in the country
so therefore according to CNN if I lock
my door I'm kind of a racist
Who am I locking my door from why do I
think people are going to Robbie my
neighborhood is 10% safer than the rest
of the world well people don't protect
themselves based on percentages they
protect themselves based on whether
something might happen so
if I'm walking in a neighborhood that's
ten percent less dangerous than a more
dangerous neighborhood that doesn't make
me safe so I think that the CNM types
they like to make sure that their their
lead message is that they're not trying
to discriminate against that group of
people and I support that I do think
it's important that every time we have
this conversation and and I would say
this very strongly every time we have
the conversation about immigrants and
crime it is worth noting assuming it's
true and I imagine it is true that their
general crime rate is lower than the
average we should say that every time
that's a good thing to say it's good for
all it's good for everybody
if it's true and I assume it is but that
doesn't make the argument the argument
is if you can stop if you can stop a
crime why don't you do it if you can
stop it you do it doesn't matter if it's
lower than the average that makes no
sense at all alright let us change the
topic a little bit
- I'm gonna end a lot of my periscopes
talking about climate change and for
those of you who are new I do not have
an opinion on climate change whether
it's real or not real in the sense of
being a crisis there's that crisis word
whether it's dire so I don't have an
opinion on that I'm in a process of
trying to drill down as much as I can to
find out what's real and what is it I
have some preliminary conclusions
subject to being changed for example the
the skeptical arguments that say the Sun
is behind it has been debunked in my
opinion the skeptics don't have an
argument with the Sun because you can
just look at the graphs and they're not
correlated with temperature save the
experts as I think they are probably
right about that
so I've sort of one by one I've been
picking off these skeptical arguments
because I'm trying to get down to the
strongest skeptical argument so I don't
want to waste time debating a climate
scientist about stuff that's just
ridiculous
so the Sun is behind it the theory is
just ridiculous there are a number of
other ridiculous theories but one one
that is the most outrageous claim I
haven't seen the argument against so
again this is not my argument I'm
telling you I've only seen one side and
I'd like to see the counter-argument and
and this is the a surprisingly robust
claimed by the skeptics and when I say
surprisingly rid of bust I mean only
until somebody tells me the other
argument and it's weird that is missing
it's weird that it isn't obvious to me
what the counter-argument is and this
skeptical argument goes like this co2 is
not an important greenhouse gas it's
like the literal opposite of the claim
so the main claim is the co2 is the the
big lever that's moving the temperature
there are other things moving the
temperature of a co2 at the moment is
the main driver that's the claim of
climate scientists so much so that the
temperature is going up at an increasing
rate and the skeptics a co2 isn't even a
possibility it's not so the skeptics
would say the co2 shouldn't even be in
the lineup of Skepta lineup of
possibilities because there isn't any
physical possible scientific way the co2
could make a difference to the
temperature this is such a small
percentage compared to water vapor right
and water vapor is the bigger player now
reiterating as many times as I need to
that's not my opinion I'm just saying
with the skeptical argument is now what
do you do with an argument that just
says it isn't there's no evidence
to makes a difference now I've seen
people say well it's it's only a few
molecules and of thousands or whatever
but that doesn't convince me because
there are lots of cases where a few
molecules makes a difference if you had
a few molecules of fentanyl it would
kill you so I'm not I'm not persuaded by
the fact that it's a small percentage
yeah
try putting a 1% fentanyl into your body
so as a percentage of your total body
weight just just figure out what 1% of
your total body weight is find out how
much fentanyl that is and then inject it
see if it makes a difference ya know so
analogies are good when they're
explaining a new concept the new concept
is that a little bit of something
routinely can be dangerous it's very
normal for a small percentage of
something to make a big difference so so
the argument that it's a small
percentage of something is not an
argument at least is not a persuasive
one the other argument that the skeptics
make that doesn't work is that there has
there has been higher co2 in the past
with lower temperatures and therefore
and I'm not really terribly concerned
with what the earth was millions years
ago because there were other variables
in play so it just doesn't seem like
apples and oranges so here's my
challenge my challenge for today is what
is the counter-argument to the skeptics
who say there is literally no evidence
or maybe no proof the co2 is even a
variable that it's even a variable that
makes the difference now I think
everybody including the skeptics agree
that adding co2 adds some heat so nobody
is arguing the co2 adds nothing the
argument is that it's a trivial amount
and I want to hear the counter-argument
to that yeah which I assume exists I'm
just
alright that's all for now somebody says
there's no evidence that evolution is
real well I wouldn't say that
how are the drums coming along pretty
well pretty well I should tell you that
I've been taking online drum drum
classes and it's working pretty well for
me I like I like the whole process of it
so yeah I've I've got to the point where
I can do a beat and I can do a fill and
I can have fun playing my drums I can't
quite do a whole song yet so I haven't
seen the clip of my interview with David
Pakman has anybody seen that did anybody
see that video so I did that was it
yesterday co2 is a logarithmic effect
exactly so the point I meant to say that
actually so thank you for reminding me
yes the argument that slight increases
in co2 should have no impact on the
temperature are not persuasive because
the argument was co2 is that you you
reach a point and every little bit makes
a big difference
so that's the way of saying logarithmic
I guess that the that after you get to a
certain base level of co2 the argument
is that every little bit extra makes a
bigger difference than the first the
first 10% I don't know if that's true
but you know cu2 is 10 times higher in
the past again I reject that argument
number 1 all of the climate scientists
know that what you just said is true and
it has no impact on them and it's the
most famous thing that people say
therefore I'm pretty sure they have a
good explanation for that but my common
sense
Malaysian is that there were so many
other things that were likely to be
different different in the past I have
to assume that the atmosphere is sort of
always changing so I'm not going to buy
any argument about what it was like a
million years ago I'm just just not
interested in that persuading me it
never would
no I'm saying that any for me personally
anything beyond modern measurement and
modern times I would say anything before
recorded history probably wouldn't
influence me too much so if the only
place we saw a risk was a million years
ago I don't know if I'd I'd be worried
about that all right
the hockey stick blah blah blah yeah so
here's the thing I've been trying to
figure out about the way they major
climate you know I'm trying to figure
out I can't tell and I'm getting stuck
on the logic of it but it goes like this
there are about ten ways that the
climate scientists can measure
temperature some of them better than
others so tree rings are kind of
debatable whereas you know satellites or
maybe the higher level and then the
direct measurements are here and then
you know everything from coral to I
don't know some other some other natural
stuff to think of major and what they'll
do is they'll say okay we've got this
one measurement let's say it's the
physical measurements measurements and
let's say that we've got a gap here
because I know for some reason we we
changed the way we're using them or we
found the problem in order to fill in
the gap from one of them the
measurements they will look for one of
the other of the ten measurements that
can fill in the gap so they're using
each of the 10 ways to measure measure
to fill in the gaps that the other ways
have because they all have you know they
all have a weakness and I'm trying to
figure out okay does that make perfect
sense that if you have ten ways to
measure things if some of them have gaps
you will use the other measurements to
fill those in as an estimate on some
level my thinking is yeah I see why that
would make sense
but here's the other thing I'm thinking
doesn't that open it up to a lot of
opinion in other words doesn't it take
measurement to opinion because you're
deciding what things are reasonable
proxies for the gaps and I'm not
entirely sure that's valid well
certainly not as valid as just having a
good measurement so I don't know how
much to trust that and I imagine it's
the sort of thing that if you were you
were working you know and you were
deeply involved in it maybe you'd have a
better opinion anyway and then somebody
just said another myth here so one of
the myths was that the skeptics say that
all of the adjustments are in the
direction of making the warming look
worse the climate science what
scientists will show you the graph of
all the adjustments and you can see that
roughly half of them are adjusted down
half are adjusted up and that they they
make a good case that that's just not
true it's just not true that everything
was adjusted in one direction so I will
believe the climate scientist on that
question of fact all right that's enough
for me I will talk to you all later