bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum
hey everybody come on in it's good to
see you yeah it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams you can hear my printer
busily printing out my notes it'll be
done in any moment now
but until then let us enjoy the real
reason you came here which is the
simultaneous M yeah that's why and you
don't need much to enjoy the
simultaneous sip all you need is a cup
or a mug or glass a tanker chelators
time a canteen juggler flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid have you heard I like coffee and
join me down for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine head of the day
the thing that makes everything better
there's simultaneous up go oh yeah
excuse me it's gotta grab my notes hold
on don't go anywhere
coming back yeah alright did you miss me
it's okay I was just over by the printer
don't panic
alright we got a lot of stuff to talk
about today today is a star star of the
day is representative Doug Collins who
yesterday I am Preet Bharara and lots of
people mocked for saying that Democrats
are in love with terrorists and today
actually yesterday representative
Collins tweeted let me be clear I do not
believe Democrats were in love with
terrorists and I apologize for what I
said earlier 48-hour rule for apologies
has been accepted and as I've told you
before you will come to love the
following standard for joy for judging
your fellow humans the old way you used
to do it is judging them by their
mistakes bad way to judge people because
we all make mistake
good way to judge people is by how they
respond to their mistakes
representative Collins made a mistake
responded to it quickly
clearly apologized BAM that's how you do
it star of the week
Doug Collins not because of the mistake
because of the way he handled it
perfectly done nice play all right
there's something maybe interesting
happening that people can smell before
they see it involving the Iranian
situation and that has to do with the
way they're dealing with the news which
no doubt they did not want to admit
which is apparently they are not
apparently they are responsible for
firing the missile that took down the
Ukraine Airlines killing many of their
own citizens and some and some others as
well so Iran has now taken full
responsibility and people are wondering
if that suggests that they're more
flexible meaning that it seems like the
sort of response you might give if
you're thinking you know we need to
rejoin the international community
anybody else in this situation would
admit you know admit responsibility and
just handle it
and Iran did that now I think they also
had no real choice because the evidence
was I mean it was just obvious to people
even before the investigation right is
there anyone who really thought that
anything else was going on other than
Iran shot it down accidentally I think
we all knew that
so in bidding something that everybody
knows this maybe not the biggest step in
joining the international community but
it's not nothing all right at least at
least it's a step in the right direction
but there's something very interesting
about the way it happened so a turn
that it turns out that the head of the I
guess is the Iranian guard who was it
the Iranian whether they call themselves
the commander of Iran's Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps so he said
that he had requested all commercial
flights in Iran be grounded until
tensions with the u.s. cooled off now
who who used to be the boss of Iran's
Islamic Revolutionary Guard well my
understanding is that it was Saleh money
right he was the boss he was the boss of
all the military and and intelligence
forces so this commander of Iran's
Islamic Revolutionary Guard talked to
another branch of the Armed Forces who
were authorized to ground planes so I
guess the the Iran's Islamic
Revolutionary Guard did not have the
authority to ground the planes but they
asked for the planes to be grounded by
another force of the military and the
other force of the military didn't do it
we don't know why but they didn't do it
let me ask you this if Solomon a he had
been alive who was the boss of both
groups he was the boss of the military
he was the boss of range national you
know Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard
if Solomon Ã«what had been still alive do
you think those flights would have been
in the air I don't think so I am and by
the way I think I'll be the first person
to tell you this but by later today you
might hear it on the news but if you
know that two members of the military
who used to both report to the same guy
can't get their messages straight and
one of them is asking for something
completely reasonable and the other
one's not doing it that suggests that
missing solamente might be a bigger
problem that we thought and my
be a bigger problem internally you know
we always we always imagine that
unintended consequences only happen to
our own side well there's a pretty big
unintended consequence that might be
happening internally which is jockeying
for power and finger-pointing and
probably a lot of scrambling to figure
out who was in charge and who's really
in charge
you know there's who's who's in charge
on paper and then there's who's really
in charge so I got a feeling there's
some internal confusion within Iran that
may not be getting better any time soon
so we've got that it has been a few days
now and we've not seen so far correct me
if I'm wrong any of Iran's proxies
attacking any of our assets now the
reporting is that Iran actually told its
proxies to step down you know to stand
down and I think maybe that's true
we'll have to you know time will tell
but I would like to offer this new
thought there's something about tragedy
that focuses you like other things don't
we saw it in our country we saw it with
9/11 right
9/11 for good or for bad focused this
country like a few things can focus you
know Pearl Harbor focused this country
like few things can focus so there's
something about tragedy that does cause
the country to come together and focus
and I would argue that Iran's frame just
changed and what I what I mean by frame
is the way we the way we look in a
situation that the framing we put on
this situation changed here's the change
I think two trait that the change went
from Iran versus the United States
that was the old frame and we're
fighting you you're fighting us
you know we're were we're at each other
but this tragedy
accidentally changed the frame and I
would I would describe it this way Iran
is only hurting itself if you're in Iran
doesn't it feel like whatever your
government has been doing in terms of
what's happening with the United States
etc doesn't feel like you're only
hurting yourself now because the u.s.
lost exactly zero people Iran shot down
you know a flight full of that a lot of
its own people on it and a lot of people
from Canada and other countries and it
feels like what happened was the Iranian
let's say psychology changed from we're
having a competition with you you being
the United States to I think everything
we do just hurts us everything we do
hurts our economy everything we do hurts
our reputation everything we do costs us
lives but their Iranian lives why is it
that everything we do is just bad for us
so that's one of those subtle changes
that you don't see in the news but it
might make a big difference over time
apparently the news is coming out that
the u.s. unsuccessfully targeted another
Iranian military official who had
something to do with funding which is
probably a strong person to target
because if you take out the person who's
in charge of all the financing from the
bad activities that could be quite a
blow but apparently the that operation
did not work we did not take him out but
what message does that send it's a
really a different message if you took
if you tried to go after two or maybe
there were more maybe we'll find out
later than one more than two but your
decapitation strike looks a little
different if it's two people than if it
does one even if one of them didn't work
sorry my cat is ruining my video here
cat you are not allowed to be on camera
all right
I'll try to control her so it does have
this different different message if
there were two in two targets because
that makes it feel like nobody's safe if
you try to get one person you could
imagine in your mind oh okay there was
something very special about that one
person so they're done and once they've
got that one person but as soon as you
hear it was two people you say to
yourself apparently it's not limited and
that's a really different psychological
message which is now it's not really
about that one person and by the way
he's still alive so you know don't go to
the airport
here's alright what else we got here
sorry my cat just really needs some
attention right now I've got I've got to
pull up on Twitter they got a very
interesting outcome she sorry you're
seeing her tail if you're wondering what
that furry thing is that keeps
surrounding my neck that's my cat's tail
so I put a survey up and I asked this
question a hypothetical question on
Twitter in a poll and I said if a wizard
offered to double your income all right
you can all play along if a wizard
offered to double your income and the
only catch is that it would quadruple
the income of the super rich would you
accept I'll put that question to you and
you can answer it in the comments before
I tell you before I tell you the actual
answer this cat this cat is just going
crazy on me I have to tell you that last
night she got out of the house she's an
indoor cat but she got out last night so
she was missing in action on a cold
night and when I when she finally
returned hours later she was very glad
to be in a warm house
umm so alright so what do you say I'm
seeing a little watching your answers
yes yes yes no yes yes yes yes of course
yes alright let me jump it out to the
answer the answer is yes yes if somebody
offers to double your income even if
they've quadrupled the income of
strangers who are the super rich
remember I call them the I refer to them
as the super rich now super rich let's
call that billionaires now there are
people who thought wait a minute this is
a trick yeah here we see it in the
comment somebody says what about
inflation
what about inflation now what is it I've
told you when I talk about my book
that's over here losers think I told you
that it really helps understand the
world if you know at least a little bit
about economics so I'm going to teach
you a little bit about economics to help
you understand your world if all of the
billionaires in the world quadrupled
their income what would happen it's only
the billionaires all right what would
happen to the rest of us if the
billionaires all quadrupled their income
well you don't have to wonder because it
happens all the time almost all of the
billionaires have quadrupled their
income during your lifetime
what's different let me bring this down
to down to the weeds for a moment if
you're worried about inflation consider
this how many potatoes does a
billionaire eat for dinner how many well
on average a billionaire might eat one
potato for dinner because that's all he
needs
yeah he's now so hungry he needs two
potatoes so once you've quadrupled the
income of the billionaire how many
additional potatoes does he buy no
additional potatoes
he was already eating one potato a night
and that's all he needed he didn't need
any extra potatoes so when you go to the
store did your
potato cost to go up it did not
potato costs are the same because the
demand is exactly the same one
billionaire is one potato let's see
let's say you go to the car dealership
and you buy your toyota toyota prius did
the cost of your prius go up because the
billionaire's quadrupled their income no
because zero billionaires bought a Prius
you know maybe maybe some billionaire by
is enacted well actually a billionaire
is going to buy the same amount of
Priuses if that's the right plural for
prius might be a pre i they buy many pre
i but they're they would buy exactly the
same number of of low-end cars as they
bought before which is zero so when you
go to shop for your low-end Carles I say
low-end as opposed to let's say a luxury
automobile low-end being you know cars
that you and I drive
what about my x5 that's that's more of a
high-end car how many extra high-end x5
s are purchased because the
billionaire's quadrupled their income
none not not one extra car even at the
you know expensive level were purchased
because they already had a car every
billionaire have exactly the cars they
wanted no more no less
that all the cars they needed so those
of you worrying about inflation you had
not thought this through if the only
people who have more money are the
super-rich they might not buy anything
extra because they already had all the
money they needed for everything there's
no point being super rich if he can't
buy yourself a yacht so yes the cost of
luxury yachts might go up in fact
there's a good chance that the cost of
homes that cost more than twenty five
million dollars might go up will that
affect you well will you feel that in
your inflation does your milk cost
because a billionaire bought a 50
million dollar house instead of a 25
million dollar house nope so that's a
little example and by the way 10% of the
people who were asked the question would
they accept a doubling of their income
in return for their super-rich getting a
quadrupling 10% said no now if 10% of
the world will say no to doubling their
income it's got to be because either you
suspected a trick or maybe you're not
not good at you know the economic
analysis is possible do you have a
minute I'd like to end racism and sexism
if you have a minute I was thinking the
other day Scott how can I end racism in
this country as well as sexism and any
kind of LGBTQ discrimination Scott how
can I do this and I would like to offer
you the following solution I call it the
theory of infinite variety of humans I
just named it I didn't really call it
anything until just this moment so
here's the theory it's a different frame
for understanding our reality our
current frame says you got your men you
got your women
you got your gays you got your your
transgenders you got your you got your
black she got your white you got your
Asian she got your Hispanics all right
that's the current model is that there
are categories and you're in one or more
of the categories what happens when you
imagine a world in which there are
categories and you also imagine that you
can sort people into the categories up
your you're a woman you're also Hispanic
okay you go into the Hispanic woman
category that's who you are what happens
when you see the world that way well
what happens is you revert to teams
because as soon as you know what team
you're on you've got all weight I'm on
the
the older white guy team in America okay
there must be my team what is the
automatic biological reaction to being
on a team you can't turn this off it
makes you think that the other team
needs to be defeated needs to be
controlled but you want your team to win
because it's your team there's no
thinking involved it's just like well
I'm on a team I want it to win so here's
the new framework the infinite variety
of humans framework this by the way has
been my my own mental model forever
which is one of the reasons that sort of
classic discrimination racism prejudice
etc confuses me here's what confuses me
have you ever seen let's say white
supremacists or racist say that white
people are awesome because white people
invented a lot and built a lot this is a
common thing right hey white white
people did a bunch of good stuff we
invented a lot of inventions and and
accomplished some stuff do you know
what's wrong with that the racist didn't
do the racists are different people
you can't take credit for strangers just
because they have something in common
with your DNA that's not a thing but yet
we all do it at one of the I would say
one of the most positive sounding but
actually negative things is to say you
have pride in your group are you proud
to be whatever fill in black you're
proud to be an elbonian you're proud to
be black you're proud to be a woman
you're proud to be asian-american
whatever you are that is the worst thing
you could ever say if you want to make
the world a better place
do not take pride in the accomplishment
of strangers
Rangers don't know you when when Edison
invented the light bulb I don't get
credit because I'm white it doesn't work
that way we are all infinitely different
people with different capabilities the
fact that some people did some some
impressive things who are not me if
they're not me
how do I take credit for that just
because I sort of look like some of them
some how does it work that way
here's the better frame everybody is
infinitely different what do I care
about your sex life you're just like me
and you're just like everybody here
yours is a completely different than
everybody else's the amount you want it
the things you think about the things
that turn you on the things you care
about it's probably changed over time
you we are all infinitely different
I am so different from people who are
also male and also let's say white male
because in my case that's my category
I've been forced to be and I'm now like
you you you know let's be honest would
you be listening to this periscope if
the things I said were the same things
you were already thinking no the the
entire the entire reason that any white
male is watching me talk is because the
things that I say will not be the things
you're already thinking that's the whole
point once you leave the frame of people
being you know in their little
categories a society a society for us
and you say what about we're all
infinitely different you have to reject
how similar you are to your own category
to get to the next level if you imagine
this is like a video game you tried to
get to the next level you have to reject
pride in your group pride in your group
is just stupid pride in your group is
counterproductive because it forces you
to be in your group and then you're
taking credit for strangers right do do
all black people get credit because
Obama was president now do all white
people get credit because you know
George Washington was a great general no
I don't get any credit for that I'm not
George Washington he's a stranger
stop taking credit for strangers and
stop thinking that anybody has to be in
your box so one of the reasons that my
regular listeners know that I've been
quite defensive of everything LGBTQ it's
not because I think that gay people
should have equal rights but of course I
do
it's not because I think anybody who's
transgender etc should have equal
opportunities rights but I do the reason
that I'm supportive is because I like
the frame that we're just all different
you know if you took the any of the
letters in LGBTQ just say all right I'll
take the AL let's see yeah let's look at
all the people who are you know lesbians
they're all different I mean they had
sort of them coincidentally who have
things in common but they're not the
important things right they're just
infinitely different so that frame is
more powerful than you think it is it'll
sink in a little bit all right let's say
read between the lines what chairman Kim
North Korea how he responded or at least
how the country responded North Korea
responded to I guess president Trump
sent chairman Kang Kim a nice birthday
card and apparently chairman Kim has has
acknowledged that he feels he has a good
feeling about President Trump but he's
he's quite angry about the lack of
progress so he thinks that he's wasted
18 months but I want to look you know
there's always a translation problem but
look at the the wording that Kim used
and see if we can read between the lines
okay Kim said his country will quote
never denuclearize if they'll never do
something yeah
read between the lines they are willing
to do that thing
Saudi nuclear eyes you never say I'll
never do it unless you do this unless
you're you're open to the possibility so
Kim is actually signaled by his choice
of language that he's open to the
possibility did you know that because I
don't know if anybody's ever said that
before that he's open to the possibility
I think all the smart people have said
well there's no way he's gonna get rid
of his nukes though but why would he
word it this way he said his country
will never denuclearize if the u.s. does
not retreat okay so is what's coming
something impossible what what follows
the if if what follows the if is
something impossible then okay that's
not real
he's just putting in if they're followed
by something impossible because he's
really just wants to keep his nukes so
let's see what's the second part of the
sentence
he'll never denuclearize if the US does
what quote retreat from its quote
hostile policy toward Pyongyang retreat
from its hostile policy that's almost
that feels like the easiest thing we
could ever do so instead of so instead
of saying there's an impossible thing we
have to accomplish in order for anything
to get done Kim said exactly the
opposite of that it was the smallest
problem that we have to solve do you
know what the smallest problem to solve
for the United States is to not have a
warlike position against somebody we
don't have a one-half a war with and
they don't want to have a war with us
there's not much easier than not
attacking somebody you don't want to
attack and doesn't want to attack you
and doesn't want to be attacked Kim has
reduced this to the simplest possible
formula that we have to show that our
intentions are def
and here's what he didn't say we will
not talk to you until you remove your
military forces from South Korea I mean
could have said that I think he said
something in that range before about the
military assets in South Korea but he
didn't say that he didn't say you didn't
even say remove your military assets he
said change your policy what happens
if President Trump said you know were
stalled on this North Korea were stalled
so I think the first step will be to
have a congressional act in which we the
Congress gets involved to say that the
war is over I think that's got to be the
next step now it could be that we're
waiting for something in return but we
have to we probably need to do the magic
trick remember the magic trick the magic
trick is when there's an impossible
situation North Korea is a good example
you know they won't do nuclear eyes
until we do something but we won't do
that until they do right so we've got
this nobody wants to go first problem so
if we gave them nothing which would be a
declaration that it's the end of the
Korean War from our perspective and we
have no intentions of hostile intent
that would basically be nothing because
we could just change our mind tomorrow
right so it wouldn't have any real-world
practical effect but it would look like
something it might it might look like
something pretty big in return we would
want them to give us something that
might sound good but maybe isn't that
much and I'm sure that they could come
up with something in that category so I
think we have to get off the dime by
offering something that looks like we
could argue it has value in return for
them saying they got something of value
but just start to change the psychology
of it because when Kim says he wants us
to change our hostile policy I feel like
that's exactly what he wants and
remember I told you that
I learned in hypnosis class that people
say exactly what they want if you if you
analyze the actual choice of words and
what he wants is as a policy change he's
asking for a policy change that feels
doable right if you said you know get
rid of all of your nuclear weapons and
we'll get rid of ours well we're not
going to do that but we certainly talk
differently it sounds like that's what
he's asking for for the next step all
right here's a fun thing for you to do
let me give this a little set up there
are two people that I would described as
artists meaning that there are
professional writers one is for Reid
Zakaria and one is Virginia Heffernan
who's writing in the LA Times at least
the article I saw now I'm a huge fan of
Fareed Zakaria I've been watching him
for years you show on CNN and I always
tune it in like if I'm going through the
channels yeah I stop immediately when I
see him because my experience has been
over a years and years of watching him
he has the most reasoned complete
smartest take a lot of stuff especially
international stuff but he seems to be
and I'll just say seems to be because
I'm not a doctor suffering from one of
the worst cases of Trump derangement
syndrome you'll ever see and one of the
things he says is the Trump does not
have a policy he has a series of
impulses and yes what is our strategy in
Iran and other things but what's our
strategy he's got to stop using these
impulses and even said that Trump
supporters have a North Korean style of
enthusiasm in other words it's looking
kind of culty and that Trump has broken
our relationships with our allies in
Europe now here's what I want to add to
the conversation
find me someone who's a business expert
let's say a CEO of a major company who
also says that Trump has no strategy and
he operates on impulse because I Google
this to see how many people are saying
Trump is impulsive if you just google
that Trump impulsive you get a you know
tons of hits because it's the Democrat
talking point but I look what I was
looking for this is he how many people
with business experience say that now
I'm gonna subtract the people all right
I'm going to subtract the people who are
sort of professional critics of the
president so I think Mark Cuban's more
he sort of crosses the line into I think
he's on a team so the team players are
not going to be quite as useful for this
but something let's just say somebody
who's on CNBC and they're just a see you
know we're a business expert my my take
on this is that people who have
experience in business do not say things
such as somebody is operating on impulse
and they don't have a strategy because
it's not a thing business people know
it's not a thing this is an artist take
the artist take is that you can read
minds of strangers you can see that
there's no thinking and there's just a
bunch of impulses how in the world does
fareed zakaria in my opinion one of the
smartest people in the entire game and I
mean that like he's seriously smart guy
and also knowledgeable so he's he's
smart and knowledgeable that's pretty
good and he's still saying stuff like he
can read a stranger's mind he doesn't
see any thinking in there it's just
jumping from one thing to another let me
ask you this if I read what would you
say is the strategy of Apple Computer
anybody anybody if strategies are good
things you'd expect our biggest
corporations to have one what is the
strategy of Apple Computer
now I know you can all answer the
question right you say stuff like well
Apple Computer is a company that makes
computers they make a desktop and laptop
computers and oh wait a minute wait a
minute that was the old strategy
remember they used to do their strategy
to be good at making computers and then
Steve Jobs said let's make a music
device what was the strategy what's the
strategy from going to be going from a
computer company to a portable music
company what's that strategy explain
that to me all right and if I ask you
what's Apple's strategy right now
now that they've they've become more of
a multi product company you'd say oh
well their strategy is to build high-end
expensive high margin equipment that
falls into these categories but don't
you think that if Apple found a new
category such as self-driving cars or
whatever it is
wouldn't they also do that so of course
they would Apple does what they can do
better than other people which is
apparently they can attract the best
engineers they have a good such good
engineering that they are capable of
building the best high-end product and
you know they've got kind of a monopoly
because if you start using any of their
products it's just easier to have all of
them because they work together
seamlessly so what is their strategy
well there's strategy obviously is that
when some new opportunity comes up or
that were events change they change they
introduce a product they try it out it
doesn't work they get rid of it
sounds impulsive doesn't it because they
introduced a product they try it for a
while the public doesn't like it and
then they get rid of it whereas their
strategy shouldn't their strategy be
that they keep selling the product
nobody wants well that would be a good
strategy right no there's no company
that has this magical thing called this
every every CEO wakes up every day and
says based on my variables today what do
I do today
did anything change now in the world of
Trump things are changing all the time
he's finding out new information
you know allies are are unpredictable
they might respond one way he's looking
at social media you don't know how
social medias gonna respond until you
see it you don't know how the pundits
are gonna frame things until they frame
it Trump is in a world where
everything's changing all the time
we wouldn't even make sense to have a
strategy because he would have to change
it every 10 minutes because the
variables change you don't have one
strategy no matter what the variables
are that's not even the thing it
wouldn't make sense to have one strategy
no matter what happens in the world as
soon as something happens you got to
reassess your strategy maybe it works
maybe it doesn't if it doesn't you
change it so here's my larger point only
the people who do not have experience
running you know as let's say managers
in a traditional setting some of those I
think Fareed has been a he's been an
editor before but that's sort of still
in the writing world journalism world I
think people who have run big businesses
don't say things like where's the
strategy because it doesn't make sense
it's a it's a nonsense statement doesn't
mean anything in a world where
everything's changing all the time
Trump's approach of waking up today and
saying what do I do today
based on today's variables including any
changes in the ways thinking about
things and then he yeah then he makes
the he makes the decision based on
today's variables would you want that to
change would you want that to be
different beyond that there's certainly
some things about and the the examples
that Fareed gives is that Trump will say
I want to get out of the Middle East but
then he'll be sending troops in so how
does that make sense he wants to get out
but he's he's increasing engagement
to which I say Farid it makes sense
because the variables changed it might
make sense you want to get out and then
something happens you say oh damn it I
still want to get out but I gotta get
back in to do this thing to make sure
that we don't have a specific danger
because the variables changed it's just
nonsense talk from one of the smartest
guys in the game and that is what caused
me to write looser think when you see
somebody as smart as fareed zakaria say
something that doesn't track at all with
what anybody with business experience
would be saying it's because of a lack
of exposure to the field you know it
kind of it kind of shows that there's
just sort of a gap in his experience
because he thinks saying things like you
don't have a strategy actually makes any
sense doesn't make any sense for
experienced people all right
Virginia Heffernan writing in the LA
Times she was talking about the question
of whether Trump supporters are in a
cult and here are some some parts from
what Virginia writes she said as 2019
drew to a close my doubts about trumpism
as a cult dissolved and I'm not alone oh
other people are thinking this so now
she's going to list some other people
who may be who give her some confidence
that her opinion that the Trump people
are in a cult so here are the credible
people which he names as being on the
same side and therefore supporting her
opinion that Trump followers are in a
cult she goes on to say Republican
lawyer George Conway what is she really
going to use George Conway as for
example of somebody with clear thinking
let me continue Republican lawyer George
Conway reportedly described his wife
okay
Trump's presidential counselor Kellyanne
Conway as a member of a cult Jennifer
I'm sorry Virginia Heffernan have you
been watching George Conway and all and
do you have you seen him tweet for
example because he tweets you might want
to check out some of his tweets because
if you're finding intellectual cover
because you're on the same side as
George Conway maybe you need to get a
little stronger people on your team but
she goes on former GOP strategist John
Weaver has used the term I don't know
who he is but I guess there's at least
one guy in the GOP who is an effort
chopper then there is so it's George
Conway the least credible person in the
world followed by a guy never heard of
oh but also Anthony Ciara Moochie now
there is an objective person
Anthony's Kara Moochie he has no ax to
grind with the guy who fired him and
then there's somebody named Trump's
one-time political scientist Norman
Ornstein never heard of him
there's a science journalist called
Steve Silberman never heard of him
there's a Pastor John pebble it's never
heard of them and academic journalists
never heard him or whatever what and
then she goes on she says what the cult
diagnosis may lack in scholarly rigor so
she confesses that the cult designation
elack's some scholarly rigor how much
scholarly rigor does it lack Oh 100%
yeah what the scholarly rigor is sadly a
little inadequate but anyway she says it
makes up for in explanatory power now
that's good unless it doesn't predict
the future
do you know what
when somebody says that their theory has
explanatory power what does that mean
the music explains the past and and the
current do you know what other
hypotheses can explain the past almost
all of them and what do I teach you more
often than you want to hear you can come
up with lots of theories that explain
the past have you seen climate science
climate science has a hundred different
or lots of them at least 100 different
climate models which start at the point
of already explaining the past a hundred
completely different models they all
explain the past and they're all
different variables how hard is it to
explain the past to easy it's real easy
just ask Hillary Clinton to explain why
she lost it's easy it's Russia
it's sexism it's she didn't go to the
everybody's got a theory for explain in
the past you want to impress me predict
the future predict the future if you
want to impress me with your worldview
tell me what's gonna happen next
because if it can't do that you don't
have a worldview you have cognitive
dissonance and you have confirmation
bias that's what it means when you can
explain the past everybody can do that
alright and I love the the this is also
talking about drum supporters
so saying that they've basically changed
their personalities from a commitment to
Liberty nary liber libertarianism family
values or simple logic in favor of Trump
worship so they've given up their
personal opinions in favor of Trump
worship that explains exactly zero
people you probably spend time with
Republicans have you ever met a
Republican who gave up their Family
Values
because of whatever the President did
have you ever met a Republican I'll bet
there isn't one Republican on the planet
earth who ever gave up their family
values because the President had sex
with a porn star what did did some of
you leave your families because because
Trump his personal life was different
than yours
how many of you renounced you religion
so that you could be more like a Trump
and sleep with porn stars and stuff
nobody nobody there are simply people
who said well we don't like that part
but it's not affecting me we do like
this other part we like the judges we
like the economy we like to national
defense we just don't like this other
part exactly zero Republicans in the
whole world
have changed their personal feelings
about anything they've just said well
I'm looking at the costs and the
benefits he's got some costs no doubt
about it you know he's a pricey
president but we think the benefits are
greater it's a it's a bigger investment
it's a riskier investment but we do it
for these great benefits for the people
who can't see that they believes that
Trump is an occult to which I say I
challenge you to name anything that the
Democrats are doing that it's less
cult-like then whatever Republicans are
doing and the answer is you could make a
story that both that either party is a
cult
I have personally made the case in my
excellent book called loser think
available everywhere there both parties
are drifting into something like a cult
but when I say it I'm talking about
something specific when I say both
Democrats and Republicans are drifting
into something like a cult what I'm
talking about is the silos of
information so if you if you start
preventing yourself from contact with
the other side that's sign of a cult if
I said to you we're talking about
Democrats and Republicans and you have
to guess which group I'm talking about
one of those
oops is actively and aggressively
decreasing contact with the other and
making sure that other members of its
group also avoid contact with the other
group who am I talking about is that
Republicans our Republicans asking other
Republicans to spend less time with
Democrats never heard of it never heard
of that not even once
our Democrats telling other Democrats to
interact less and shun Republicans and
therefore cut themselves off from
whatever those words are yeah this is
mostly what they're doing it's one of
the main things that's happening in the
country so if you were to say all right
what's the you know what are the
requirements of being in a cult well it
starts with you know believing crazy
things but that applies to both sides
right there's no one side that has the
monopoly I'm not believing crazy stuff
but there is one side that definitely
has a big difference in restricting its
own members from having contact with the
outside world I think that's fair to say
and I think even Democrats would agree
with that generalization obviously these
generalizations don't you know apply to
every person by definition all right
let's talk about if let's talk about
predictions how many of you predicted
probably most of you that the the
Iranian military shot down the Ukraine
air line probably most of you right and
here's I like to say you should make
predictions and then see how you did
my prediction was based on incompetence
so if you make a prediction based on
incompetence watch your track record if
if other people are saying well I think
it was a clever plan to do X but there's
another explanation that also fits the
facts which is that it's incompetence
you should always go with incompetence
now you've seen me do it with the ups
thing and I said okay you can have that
much incompetence and it's actually not
even unusual so the incompetence theory
so far so far is barring out
I predicted that the the airline would
that we would find out that the Iranian
shut it down because the incompetence
hypothesis is just always this likely
wrong it's just always the likely one so
I just keep I just stay with it no
matter how tempting it is to go with the
confirmation bias to stick with
incompetence you'll be surprised I'll
offer you right
Iran started out calling it a big lie
and now they've completely admitted that
they did it and they feel terrible etc
here's the question I have to ask you
how much research did the Iranians need
to do to learn that they had fired a
missile now if you're another country
you might have to look at the wreckage
and see if see if the blast looks like
it was coming you know from inside out
you know you you can you know about
what's on the black box if you're
somebody else if you're not Iran you've
got to do the forensics on the plane to
find out what happened
put a randon have to do that all Iran
had to do is say anybody missing a
missile how in the world did the
military not know they had fired a
missile was there somebody and they had
it was the head of the the military that
was in charge of that area that fired
the missile are you telling me the
general didn't know he fired a missile
seriously the general in charge of that
area didn't know in the first 60 seconds
of course he knew of course he knew
somebody says it's automated there might
be some automation but I imagine there's
a human element of the final decision
but the point is Iran knew from the
first moment and they decided to try to
lie about it until their forensics were
just
obvious and there was there was there's
actual video of the missile hitting the
plane so then they admitted it but
seriously did Iran have to wait for the
forensics I mean that's a good question
Trump is trying to make things even more
interesting in a provocative way so the
White House is apparently putting
together a plan to increase the list of
banned countries the countries that
can't come to the United States you no
matter what and the of course this has a
bad history because it started out being
called a Muslim ban because most of the
countries originally were Muslim
majority countries people are worried
that the the upcoming additions to the
list which no doubt will be challenged
in court again but the additions people
are assuming are mostly or all probably
mostly Muslim majority countries so
representative rashida atoll Abe has
said that that's straight-up racism to
which I say representative to Labe do
you know anything about Islam because
Islam isn't a race the whole wasn't one
of the strongest points about Islamic
belief is that it doesn't matter what
what race you are that's actually one of
the strongest points of the religion is
that they don't care what race you are
and that's that's like really important
so if the United States bans Muslims
isn't that a variety of races by
definition and that's that's the
strongest part of it in my opinion is
one of the strongest parts is that they
do have that that ethic that it doesn't
matter what race you are you just have
to have this this type of thought you
know um belief
and I asked you can they ever be racist
to ban people based on their common
belief system for example and I don't
want to make this is not a comparison
all right so the next thing I'm going to
say is I'm not comparing it to Islam I'm
just taking you down a mental experiment
all right
so nothing I say now has anything to do
with Islam suppose there was an elbonian
country and elbow knee as you know is
over there and boom era that's where it
lives but suppose the people there had a
belief that they were superior people
and that they should kill all people in
the United States and let's say that was
a common belief in elbonia it has
nothing to do with the race has nothing
to do with the religion it's not even a
religion it's just a a common preference
that they should kill all people who are
Americans should we have a policy that
lets the men because doing otherwise
would be discriminatory
right now somebody's saying same as in
the Islam that's not true it's not the
same as Islam because Islam is a big
tent with some people who have extreme
thoughts just like Christianity more in
the past for Christianity but you know
the vast majority don't have any
thoughts like that but imagine if they
did could you so here's the basic
question is it ever appropriate to ban
people by their common way of thinking
in their common preferences for the
future is that ever is that ever
allowable and I would argue that if
there were if you had a thriving Nazi
Party in Europe and somebody applied to
come to the well let me ask you this
oh here's a perfect example I need a
little fact-checking on this okay fact
check me please if a German citizen who
had let's say an affiliation
let's say a German assistant who
belonged to no you couldn't be a German
citizen and belong to a Nazi Party
probably have to be some other country
so let's say there's some other European
country where they have an actual Nazi
Party a modern Nazi Party and there's a
member of the modern Nazi Party who says
I'd like to emigrate to the United
States what do we let him in under our
current rules would we allow an active
member of a Nazi Party to immigrate to
the US I don't know the answer that and
again let me let me say it as clearly as
I can I'm not saying that there's any
comparison to that example to Islam all
I'm saying is that they both are about a
way of thinking and a belief system so
forget about the ethnicities of anybody
there are two belief systems if you
believe that the belief system likely
had people in it that were dangerous
would our current constitution allow us
to ban them based on belief independent
of any race let me ask you this if
someone who is a devout Muslim who was
also born in Great Britain was a citizen
of a Great Britain and they wanted to to
immigrate to the United States would the
United States treat them will say
unfairly because of their religion no
right and it doesn't matter what
ethnicity they are if there are if
they're a British citizen
especially born in in Britain would
would any of our immigration rules
disadvantage them and the answer is no
so that's pretty clear that has to do
with the the system that they're coming
out of and whether or not they can vet
their own citizens so this is one of
those fake arguments in which the
critics will try to make it about racism
I don't think there's you know it's a
it's a tough argument to make but we'll
be more of that
hmm it's also been called xenophobic so
representative
jeyapaul said that the idea of banning
some countries was xenophobic I had to
look it up so I thought I sorta do what
it meant
you know like xenophobic not you know
not liking people from other places or
whatever but the actual definition is
fear of strangers
fear of people from other countries and
cultures and stuff and I thought to
myself well that's actually just what it
is that's exactly what it is that way
you wouldn't you wouldn't be
contemplating banning some some group
unless you had a fear of them so that's
exactly what it is I don't know I don't
know why that's why why would she
consider that an attack because if we
weren't afraid we wouldn't do it that's
the whole point so that seems like just
a description of what it is President
Chavez is saying a different topic that
we don't want to pull out of Iraq unless
Iraq pays us back for all the
investments we put there now the first
time I heard this I said to myself well
that doesn't even sound like it's
slightly possible to happen and then I
looked at it in context which is he's
saying the same thing with South Korea
you should pay us he's saying the same
thing to the Saudis you should pass and
I'm kind of liking the larger picture
the larger picture is that the enormous
military that the US has does keep all
of our allies safe there's there's no
two ways about it
the United States the United States
spends an enormous amount which keeps us
safe but has the dual effect of making
other countries not have to have a big
military wouldn't it be great to be an
ally of the United States
you're welcome Canada is Canada safe
from attack Canada is about as safe as
you can get from attack
United States now of course they have
their own military very capable I'm sure
but nothing in comparison to what the
United States says so the president is I
think wisely and cleverly trying to
monetize the protection services that we
offer to other countries and I think
he's right about that it's a change of
frame so the old frame was it's just
about no goodness or defeating evil or
whatever the old frame was but now the
frame is that it's it's a good and a
service that military protection is a
product he's basically productized the
stuff we were doing anyway now if we
weren't doing it in the first place I
might have some complaints about trying
to commoditize or turn into a product
our military because that sounds like
the worst idea in the world
but what he's doing is saying we're
doing this anyway we're not going to
stop doing it and and we're doing
something that is monumentally
beneficial to other people I think
that's exactly the right place to go and
I also don't think any other president
would have done this it's the sort of
radical departure from the way we used
to think he's the only one who could
have done this and I think by the end of
his second term the idea that other
militaries or other countries should be
directly paying for the service that we
provide in terms of protection I think
that's going to become standard because
there's nothing wrong with it in other
words there's it's hard to argue against
it
it's just that nobody brought it up
before so yeah you certainly don't want
to become a mercenary army but but if
we're doing it anyway let's see if we
can get paid I like his instinct on that
I like it a lot I like a lot
all right let's see what else we got
going on here oh so here's
I think I didn't summarize this as well
the next time you see somebody calling
the president impulsive google them or
check their profile and what you'll find
is that they tend to be journalists and
artists you find me someone who's not
already a pundit you know Mark Cuban's a
special case because he's a successful
business person but he's also he's in
the game so somebody who's not in the
game somebody who's just a business
person and they're not about who's gonna
win or lose there they're just running
their business trying to stay out of
trouble find me somebody like that who
says that the president's
decision-making is impulsive and that he
has no strategy I don't think you'll
find it and if you do it will be a
special case all right oh my cat is just
no I'm crazy on me today
somebody says Elon Musk
I'd have to google that but I doubt well
let me let me let me google it right now
I doubt the Elon Musk calls the
president impulsive he may have all
kinds of other problems Elon Musk Trump
impulsive so my belief is that Elon Musk
is way too smart and way too experienced
he definitely didn't say the president
doesn't have a strategy nobody's saying
that right I'm sure he didn't say that
let's say to to to to to
impulsive tweets by musk musk is being
accused of being impulsive so it's it's
that musk himself is being accused of
being impulsive maybe the way he tweets
that's about it I'll bet I'll bet you
could not find a less impulsive person
than you on musk if you're talking about
the business end of it
I'll bet you could not you can you could
probably search forever you
never find anybody less impulsive than
an engineering engineers are yeah
they're not that impulsive all right
that's all for now
I'll talk