oh oh my
goodness my goodness come on in here
everybody we got a show to
do I was just looking at something I
couldn't believe couldn't believe
it I promise not to fall asleep on live
stream like I did in the man cave
twice all right let me find my show on
locals here so I can get right with you
H I will make this
work there we
go I think it's all working today folks
it's all working
today all right good morning everybody
and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
better time in your life and if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny human smooth brains all
you need is a cuper mugar glass of
tanker gelina Cen joer flas F fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and jooy me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go ah
good
stuff well just a warning to you if
you've been trying to buy my newish book
God's debris this is now the complete
works so it's two books plus a sh story
um and you tried to get it from Amazon
and you tried to get the hard cover
sometimes it tells you it's available in
January sometimes
December sometimes
October sometimes July now you might say
to
yourself that's weird it seems like it
would only be one of those things if
it's all through Amazon and it's all the
hard cover well there is some kind of
 going on that I don't quite
understand but it's happened with all
three books that I've released
independently and it's not it's not
necessarily Amazon's Problem by the way
because we use a third- party entity for
the hard hard copy so it's probably
something about the interface between
the
two but a number of people said they
have to cancel their order and reorder
to get it to arrive in a timely fashion
so I recommend that 100% of you who have
ordered the book if it doesn't say
July cancel it you should cancel it
because I don't know what's going on but
the people who canceled it and reordered
it said it worked so cancel it that is
my recommendation to you and by the way
it is impossible to become a bestseller
if when you launch your book it's not
actually for
sale so it does feel like it
does feel personal but I understand that
this process is a little buggy so other
people have had similar problems but I'm
I'm three for three all right um if
you're following Dilbert which you can
only see if you subscribe to it on X see
my profile or the locals platform you
would know that rap bird is now writer
at the uh a newspaper called the
Washington poop which is having terrible
problems lately the Washington poop is
but uh rap berd will be paired up with
one of their other writers a writer
named Phil
thumb who is represented as a
thumb but uh I hasten to tell you that
none of this is based on any real
people uh the Washington poop is not
based on anything real totally made up
and there are no employees no writers
anyway who work for the uh The
Washington Post that some people think
I'm making fun of but they don't have
any writers that look like
thumbs I mean not exactly like
thumbs and by that I mean it might
remind you of a thumb but in many
important details
different so just keep that straight
anyway as a special thing um I don't
have car information yet but I think
today after the show but not immediately
after um at 2: p.m. eastern time 11: a
local my local which is
California I'm hoping to talk to
michaelan
black uh a comedian podcaster actor
author as many many successful careers
and uh he's he would represent say a
different political view from mine and
asked a fascinating question when he saw
me post that all the news is fake he
said if all the news is fake how do you
know what's true that's actually a great
question and I think he was quite
serious about it like what are you
talking
about and so I thought it would be
fascinating to not debate politics I I
don't want to have a debate about who's
the best president and we both agree on
that by the way we want to talk about
how do you know what's true and I think
potentially it would be the coolest
conversation that anybody's ever had on
politics we don't know I mean it's going
to be live so Anything Could Happen um I
don't have a confirmation yet but I I
think we're pretty well set to do that
anyway there's news from Oakland that
the uh Hilton Hotel that's been in
Oakland for 56 years decided to close
now that causes sort of a problem for me
because you know I live in the Bay Area
and one of the things my friends are
always asking they're saying when I go
from my vacation in Oakland what's the
best place to
stay and I would always say well you
want to go to the Hilton it's it's the
best hotel in Oakland but now when my
friends want a vacation in Oakland I
don't know what to
say um can't go to the McDonald's they
closed that so I don't know I think you
can sleep on the street but it should be
safe it should be safe there are a lot
of people live in the streets in Oakland
and I think they're all safe so you'll
be safe just sleep in the street
weather's
great well there was a Korean airflight
that had a scare dropped 27,000 ft in 15
minutes injured 17 people let's see what
kind of airplane type is that uh it's a
Boe it's a
Boe well you probably didn't see that
coming it was a Boeing 373 Max
8 now I have a suggestion I'm
not I'm not like an engineer or anything
so I can't really help Boeing in their
uh you know their engineering and their
safety but I do know a little bit about
marketing a little bit about marketing
and here's what I'd do because they got
a bad
reputation they should make their
airplanes entirely out of
rubber that way
if an airplane ever goes down it will
remind you of the
company
boing that's called marketing people I
can't help you with the engineering but
that would be great marketing well
another plane went down and made this
sound
boing all right that's all I had on that
uh there's some legislation that looks
like it's going to Joe Biden's desk so I
got through the Congress uh that will
sub
potentially improve how easy it is to
make a nuclear power plant in America as
you all know we have screwed ourselves
for Generations by having you know
burdensome uh regulations to get a
approval but this uh aims to cut through
a bunch of that stuff this is maybe one
of the biggest deals in the world you
know there there'll be once every time
when nuclear becomes the thing
uh or not becomes a thing but but is
required Beyond any doubt so we've
reached the point where it is no longer
a left versus a right problem it's an
engineering problem it's an economic
problem it's a little bit of a public
relations problem um but it doesn't seem
to be so much a government problem now
and maybe that will make a big
difference we'll see you know if I had
to bet uh my bet would be that nuclear
will be like other things where it's
slow slow slow until it isn't so kind of
what I expect is 10 years of nothing you
know a lot of planning and talking and
Engineering followed by 20 years of oh
my god look how quickly they're building
you know these smaller nuclear
plants uh Bill Gates also said recently
nuclear is the only way toh get where we
need to go whether it's Vision or Fusion
but it's the only way I think we all
agree all right here's what I think
would be how I would create a new
city here's what I'd do I'd find a bunch
big bunch of land that's owned by the
government the federal government and
I'd wait for Trump to be president and
then I'd say hey I've identified this
big chunk of land that the government
doesn't seem to be using doesn't look
like they'll ever use it but it'd be a
great place to build a new city now
remember this is Trump's idea to build
cities from scratch using federal land
so you can really do it right here's how
I would start I would start by saying
we're going to build a nuclear power
plant or two um meaning that they're
modular so basically it's one power
plant but it might have more than one
reactor later so you get a mini reactor
that you know is sufficient to do all of
the Power for the city you plan to build
and then you say that everybody who
lives in the city gets a a part of the
profits of that so if there's extra the
town benefits by selling their extra
capacity and indeed they might actually
put a second power plant there if they
had connection to the grid of course and
then they would sell the excess capacity
so what you would do is start with a
city where the people living there had
already bought into the idea that they
would be in the general area of a
nuclear power plant but in return their
electricity would be almost free and and
it would be a business in other words
everybody who lived there would be
basically a shareholder in the electric
the electric production now why should
they be shareholders they absolutely
should be because they're taking any
risk of being near one if you're going
to tell me to live within you know two
miles of a nuclear power plant no matter
how safe it is and by the way it's
really safe now I'm still going to be
thinking about it so if you want me to
move there
maybe I needed pieace of action and I
think that could be arranged I also
think that the new city should be its
own insurance company for every element
of
insurance maybe not MediCal but all all
the physical stuff you know your car
insurance your house insurance your your
business insurance it should all be done
by the city that you live in and it
should be a co-op so that if you make
extra
money it goes back into the city so the
things that the things that the city
should do for itself are electricity
making a
profit um it should put it in its own
Wi-Fi so that nobody's really paying for
Wi-Fi it's just a city city um provided
service you should build the city so the
transportation is
practically free which could be electric
cabs that you use but you could walk
everywhere there's good you know maybe
there's good uh good master
Transit but you could pretty well start
from scratch and develop a city that
would be almost free you you've seen the
little uh uh Tesla houses that have a
Tesla battery pack but also a Tesla roof
there's zero energy you can do it that
way as well you could build it so that
every house is self-sufficient
independently so the the uh future of
building new cities is really really
good because we have all the good stuff
now the only reason we don't Implement
all the good stuff that we know how to
do is it's hard to do it in an existing
City you have to start from scratch so
new cities it's the future all right
there's a new study says you probably
have a lot of microplastics in your
penis now that would be if you a man and
you have a penis or you're a woman with
a penis so either the men or the women
with penises they might have a lot of
microplastics in it and the researchers
are saying that might lead to erectile
dysfunction they don't know but they
think the more plastic in your penis the
softer it will
be
now again I'm no medical
expert but I feel like the more plastic
in my penis the harder it would be I
mean I'm just going to keep drinking
microplastics until I've got a you know
4H hour erection that lasts 24 hours you
know what I mean this whole this whole
business of losing erection and having
to get it back again well that seems
like a lot of work why doesn't you just
go plastic stay
plastic all right don't listen to
anything I say about
health except this there's another study
that says loneliness can increase the
risk of Stroke by up to
56% well that's something that every guy
who likes porn already knows am I
right am I right if you're a lonely
die the risk of stroking is 50 56%
higher than if you're
married yeah yeah okay that's all I have
to say about that um scientists have
discovered the worst thing that
scientists could ever have discovered a
gene that causes some people to gain
more weight from exactly the same food
as other people that don't gain weight
from it oh we are so
dead that's all we needed was an excuse
for being
overweight yeah I can't think of a worse
thing that that science could have done
to us than telling us you know some of
you have a magic Gene that would be very
difficult for you to know for sure if
you had it because you're probably not
going to go test for it but for now on
every time you've got a few extra pounds
you can say I should wish I had the
genes you have but I've got this damn
obesity Gene that just can we gain
weight from the same amount of food
you're
eating so and it's up to a 5 or 10 pound
difference they say just having this
gene or not now I don't
know um if that Gene is what makes you
lose gain the weight my my
hypothesis and you know I'm always 30
years ahead of Medical Science so
they'll catch up eventually is that some
people like eating more than other
people now I've told you this
observation before and I've noticed it
when when I had lots of uh kids with
their friends in the
house and if I got a pizza and said hey
there's Pizza everybody you know and
people are let's say kids are doing the
sleepover or something they're just all
doing their own things and running
around they would arrive for the pizza
in the same order as their
weight the heaviest people would be
right there and the people who were
maybe even underweight just wouldn't
even eat one or or they' get it later
much later but it wouldn't they wouldn't
care they wouldn't have any hunger at
all now I don't know if the hunger is
caused by not eating a lot of sugar
because you know carbs and sugar can
make you hungrier so it could be that
not eating makes you want to not eat
that could be it but it seemed to me
that people had wildly different
preferences for
eating and that's got to explain almost
everything because you know as much as I
like to say I do all the things you know
I eat right and exercise and stuff like
that really it's because I don't like
eating that
much if I like the eating as much as
some people apparently like eating you
know the Foodies and the people who are
just having an orgasm with every sip of
wine I don't have that at
all I never have that you know I mean
there's some things that taste better
than others but I'm not really you know
driven by an addiction to food if I were
I'd be happier so I don't believe in
Free Will that's what I'm
saying I saw some uh more Instagram
personal relationship advice as I've
told you all relationship advice that
you will see on social media has the
following
quality uh you have to do these
things also those things couldn't
possibly work so in other words nobody
really has any idea how to make a
relationship work literally there there
is nobody period who has any advice on
relationships that even on paper could
work you just look at it and you go well
like do you not understand how people
work that couldn't work in the real
world let me give you an example there
was a little clip of a young woman who
was explaining that she had figured out
what men want and it's so easy she says
all men want is basically food sex
respect and
peace men would you agree with that the
the men who are also in that clip were
shaking their heads oh yeah she got it
you got that's all we need we want some
food sex respect and peace and we're
perfectly
happy so so I guess we've unlocked the
secret to
relationships so there it is uh women
have finally figured out men and once
the word gets around then women will
start treating men with respect give
them peace food and Sex On
Demand um do you see any problem with
that
worldview uh
um have you ever met a woman have any of
you ever met a woman because I feel like
a lot of this advice comes from people
who couldn't have possibly ever met a
woman you know that if a woman gave you
all of these
things she would hate your
guts it doesn't go any other way you
might get those things but she would
hate you you get that right so if you so
if you give a woman if if a woman feels
like she's just like doing this for a
man she's going to think I'm doing a lot
of work for this man and there's this
guy at
work who doesn't seem to be so
demanding he's so handsome and he's
always flirting with
me none of this works I'm pretty sure
nobody's figured it out but the the
experts on Instagram are continuously
hilarious it if if simply no knowing
what you should do
worked I think more people would be
doing it but women don't want to do
these things that's why it doesn't
happen it's not because they don't
understand it do you think the problem
was
knowledge have you ever met a woman oh
it's not knowing it has nothing to do
with knowing what the man wants they
always know what we want they always
know what we want they just choose not
to give it for a variety of different
reasons
I can't
explain uh NASA canell a space walk
because one of the uh space suits was
leaking
water well I'm no astronaut but I can
tell you if I ever put on a space suit
um in space and I was about to go
outside my capsule uh I'm pretty sure my
space suit would be leaking water too if
you know what I
mean yeah that's all I had for that um
so Congress is uh contemplating for the
first time ever separating alcohol from
their food diet
recommendations well if you can't if you
can't trust the government with your
food recommendations who can you trust
uh speaking of which Jordan Peterson
recently said uh on a interview I have
never recovered from finding out that
the food pyramid is a scam is there a
worst medical crime in history
I agree with that the the food
pyramid lies that we were all told might
be the biggest crime in American history
you know you could say Co is up there
now you could say you know all of our
bad things happening in our politics up
there but I don't know that anything had
more direct impact than lying about what
food is healthy that's that's about as
bad as anybody's ever been in the
history of
humankind so I agree with Jordan
Peterson and it def I could say that
that one thing um changed me forever now
so when Jordan said I've never recovered
from it oh I feel that I have never
recovered from the fact that the
government lied to me that much I mean
that's a big one we're going to lie to
you to tell you to do something that
will kill you slowly and we know
it
I mean I assume some of them knew
it but uh apparently the discussion is
that uh it used to be that people
thought well a couple drinks a week
isn't going to hurt you but now they're
thinking maybe a couple of drinks per
week might Hur you or at least you're
not going to be worse off if you don't
have them I was listening to Andrew Hub
and as asked the same answer the same
question uh are you going to be do you
really have to go to zero drinking and
he didn't want to be you know the
moralist who told you what you should or
should not do with your life so he was
clear that he wasn't
recommending but he didn't think that
two drinks a week was going to kill you
but you'd probably not be any healthier
because of it which is a good way to say
it I think I think he chose his words
carefully there there's no evidence that
that moderate drinking makes you
healthier remember they used to say it
did so that's a big step because people
believe huberman and he's saying as
clearly as possible possible no drinking
a little bit isn't going to make you
healthier even if they used to tell you
that all the time it's like the food
pyramid it was an obvious lie that's G
on for decades it was just obviously a
lie I've been telling you forever it was
obviously a
lie now I doubt that so the smart thing
that they've done is they've treated
alcohol like it's not food thank you
what are they treated like poison what
did Andrew huberman uh in his new video
on this what did he frame alcohol as
poison he actually said alcohol is a
form of
poison there you go alcohol is poison
gets
around
um so I guess the Supreme Court is uh
delaying into July some of its big
decisions cowards you cowards I don't
know why they're delaying it maybe it's
just more work than usual but some the
big stuff we'll still have to wait for
meanwhile the big story today is Julian
nange is
free um you can understand why PE the
CIA wanted to kill him and Mike Pence
still thinks he should be in jail
and um I think there's this report that
Hillary wanted to end
him he once said in public the goal is
to have endless Wars not a successful
War sort of famous for saying that so
uh he's he did a plea deal I guess he's
got some health issues that may have
played into his willingness to do a plea
deal but he he'll end up back in
Australia and he'll be free in Australia
after the plea deal is
completed now this raises many
questions number one did he give out any
secret information in return for this
leniency is that what happened is there
more to this deal than the public knows
for example maybe they just needed maybe
the bad guys just needed to know who his
Source was maybe he gave it up maybe the
source died and so he felt he could give
it up so we don't know what's happening
right I doubt he would just give up a
source because he went to jail for a
long time to not do stuff like that so
I'm gonna I'm going to go with probably
Assange did not make a deal that you
wouldn't be happy with probably not
don't know for
sure um but the other idea is that the
only reason it's happening now is to
take it off the table before the
election because Trump was definitely
going to Pardon him or or whatever the
term is
and uh that would have given the
Libertarians a strong reason to vote for
Trump if they had been on the fence so
this takes away that strong reason they
still have Ross Al and they may feel the
same about him so so if he gets pardoned
before the
election then it's just
political yeah that would be a little
bit on the
nose uh the other the other thing I
worry about is that it's really a plan
to kill him because once he's a Freer
range chicken it's going to be a lot
easier to get to him and arrange an
accident so I'm super
concerned that an accident will happen
to him in the next 18 months that seems
kind of
dangerous
um but um he's already flown out uh I
think they put him on a Boeing flight oh
God no I'm just making that up it wasn't
a Boeing uh but it would be funny if it
were and I guess he had to spend half a
million dollars just for the private
flight because there was some reason he
couldn't take a commercial flight I
don't had to go to some weird Island for
reasons that are too boring to talk
about uh anyway so uh on the lawfare of
trump you've got uh judge
Canon
and
um so she's doing a bunch of rulings and
the Democrats are mad because she's
taking too long and she seems to be very
deliberate and she's ruling both for and
against the Trump defense so I think the
Democrats
just they're just not happy when things
are going the way they're supposed to go
they just want Trump punished and they
don't care anything about the law I
think is the bottom line
um
but
um anyway I don't care about the details
of
that um if you were to ask your uh
Amazon uh digital device whose name I
won't say because it will trigger all
your devices at home uh if you ask it
who is the most powerful doctor in the
world it says Bill Gates
that's right it says Bill Gates is the
most powerful doctor in the world or
influential now the interesting thing
about that is I assume that's an AI
driven response is it
wrong now Bill Gates does not have a
medical
license but does he do more medical
stuff than any other medical
person and I think the answer is
yes and I think he personally has to say
let's do this or it doesn't get done cuz
you know it's his money so this is not a
wrong
answer he doesn't have a doctor's
license to practice but he is in fact
the most consequential doctor in the
United States if not the world because
he has so much influence on you know
vaccinations and malaria and you know by
the way there's a lot of stuff that you
would agree with right eradicating
malaria and stuff like that you probably
wouldn't have problem with that uh so
good and bad this is actually
true that this you know it was sort of
reported as that's a crazy answer it's
not it's actually the exact right answer
in my opinion I think the AI nailed it
this time so that's fun to watch when
the AI gets it right when you don't
expect them
to so I was watching another Trump
campaign uh video and I I tell you I
keep telling you this but the skill that
the Trump campaign has this time is way
higher than what we've seen before the
you know I won't show it to you because
you can imagine it but it's got all this
strong imagery you know Trump looking
like a boss he likes to show his plane
taking off and Landing because that's
like a strong exciting thing watching
the plane um it shows them uh attending
the UFC and getting a big hand that's a
strong thing you know bunch of men who
fight cheering for him that shows
strength um and then of course you know
there's the soaring Pros about but uh
this time they were playing hip-hop
music so the music on top of the
video was uh hip-hop is that the first
time because it seems to me that Trump
had a bad habit of playing the whitest
music in the world at his rallies and on
his you know also on his uh campaign
stuff but if he's moved to uh A hip-hop
Vibe
smart because the music is good you know
it's got a a great feel to it wasn't
anything I was familiar with but you
when you hear it you go oh that's that
fits that commercial it's a strong beat
and everything so yes everything that
the Trump campaign is doing it's so on
point it's so on point that you don't
think about it if you look at any Joe
Biden campaign
ad you no matter what your politics are
if you were just being objective about
it they're they all look like they were
done by high school projects honestly
like literally they look like they were
done by high school projects but the
Trump stuff looks like the best things
you've ever seen in that domain I I
can't I can't keep ignoring that I mean
it's a big big difference in just talent
in the
campaign anyway uh Byron York was
reporting on xow Trump describes how the
debate happened in the first place now
this is similar to what I thought so
Trump's on the same page uh I'll
summarize it which is that once Trump
said that he would debate Biden anywhere
and in any way then Biden sprung the
Trap of creating the situation that
Trump would least like to want least
like to want to debate him which is see
it n CNN hosts who've been calling him
Hitler
forever um sitting down no audience
microphones turned off basically
everything he agreed to are all the
things that are good for Biden and bad
for him now he thinks that maybe the
trick was to get him to reject the
debate and I agree with that I think
they were trying to get a situ create a
situation in which he would say I'm not
going to debate because that would have
been really bad bad mistake I I've seen
some social media opinions say he
shouldn't debate because it's you know
too biased against him I disagree with
that
completely I disagree
completely and it's because the Andre
Agy tennis strategy I keep explaining he
needs to go destroy their strongest Fort
not their weak ones nobody's going to be
impressed if he tears apart you know
some weak pundit on a weak platform
he know he needs to go into the belly of
the Beast and then he just needs to own
it so the fact that it's the worst setup
that could possibly be for him is the
best setup for
him because if he can't if he can't
accomplish this go into an unfriendly
territory and Conquer
it maybe he's not the president you need
honestly if he can't go into this
situation and dominate it and you know
he can but if he doesn't well we're
going to have some questions aren't we
we'd have some real questions you know
did some change you know what why are
you not performing the way we expected
you to so I think that Trump going into
the worst situation for Trump is the
best situation for Trump because I'm
very confident that he'll do well um and
we've seen him talk about his advisers
who saying you know whether he should go
hard at Biden or whether he should you
know maybe try to be a normal
person so you know that he's had lots of
time to think about the approach I think
he's already signaling that he's going
to play a cool and just let Biden talk
he didn't say it and Anything could
happen but he seems to be signaling that
he is at least agreeable that that's not
a dumb idea you know he he's very much
considering the play as here's what I
think I think that uh Biden's entire
attack is going to be this Trump guy is
crazy and chaotic all Trump has to do is
not be crazy and
chaotic that's it it it'll looks stupid
when Biden's accusing him of
chaos when Trump is just calmly
explaining how he's the one who who
brought you know border security and you
know um a good economy and that the real
chaos is the inflation in the open
border and two Wars now he can say that
just calmly and just completely
dismantle uh Biden
but here's the
risk it's never super safe to tell Trump
to not act like
Trump because we don't know how much
practice he has acting like somebody
else he's got a lifetime of acting like
himself he knows how to do
that but is he going to play a different
character
just because it would help him win he
can but who
knows all right
um did you know that one of the co-hosts
so Jake Tapper will be hosting the
debate with Dana Bash his cooworker did
you know that Dana Bash according to the
amuse account which you should all be
following amuse on the X platform uh
great stuff by the way that I don't see
I don't see in other places so amuse has
some game um that Dana bash's ex-husband
is one of the PE 51 people who signed
the letter that said the laptop was
Russian
disinformation
so yeah when when we talk about uh the
the host being biased you got Jake
Tapper who's been calling Trump
basically some form of Hitler forever
and you got basu's
ex-husband signed the laptop letter now
of course it's an ex-husband and it's a
different person right it's not Dana
Bash it's her husband
ex-husband but it seems unlikely that
they're on super different pages on this
question and I'd love to know if Dana
Bash reported the laptop as Russian in
disinformation I'm guessing yes without
looking into it
all right so as you know the uh
Snopes um I guess in June they made the
change but we just noticed it recently
that uh they made the change to say that
the fine people hoax was indeed a hoax
and that the president never called the
racist fine people and in fact he said
directly the opposite now as you know
that was the centerpiece of Biden's
entire campaign and he's still saying it
so you might say to yourself my God this
is the biggest story in the whole
country I mean what is bigger than that
the entire country is torn apart by
Charlottesville and then the you know
the boosting of it as a message that the
president had called actual racists you
know marching racists find people now of
course it didn't happen
but so you may have noticed that it was
trending on X and it was uh it was
basically in every news
outlet and every pundit and every
independent person mentioned it in a big
way you all notice that right every
person you follow on X if you're on X
everyone talked about it do you know
what's
missing every group that you don't
follow didn't talk about it in other
words if you're Republican leaning and
you following a bunch of Republican news
sites and
commenters they all all talked about it
100% everyone from Fox News to Breitbart
to you know your Independence you Colin
rug uh everybody basically everybody now
have you heard a grounded
news it's it's a they're a group who
likes to show you where there are blind
spots in the news so ground news you can
see them it's an app and it's also a
website
um showed me and then I posted
it that there was uh nearly 100%
coverage of the conservative news
landscape and zero on the left leaning
news
zero actually
zero
none not a single
one now if you were doing a little dance
and saying finally you know we broke we
broke the hoax no we didn't
no we did not no there were no hoaxes
that were debunked the people who knew
it was a hoax got more information for
what they already knew that's you know
Snopes confirmed it but there's not a
single person on the left who is aware
that it's a hoax and they have no way to
find out because they're sure as hell
not going to turn on Fox News and if
they do they're sure as hell not going
to believe anything they say so
amazingly
the biggest story in the country by far
this is the big is way bigger than
Assange it's bigger than inflation it's
bigger than everything that the current
president ran on a known hoax and
divided the country to do it and is
still claiming the hoax to be true and
the entire corporate media except the
right-leaning
media is backing him still still that's
the biggest story in the country it's
completely invisible to half the
country so in my opinion um we are not a
republic and we're not a democracy but
we're not a dictatorship per se we're a
hoax
cracy our entire system is hoaxes are
floated by the Democrats their media
puppets repeat the
hoaxes
and and that becomes our
reality and then the the politicians
sort of have to Follow The hoax and the
voters end up following the hoax when
they vote so we don't have a republic we
have a hoax ocracy and that's not an
exaggeration this is the important point
I I mean
literally the the
fundamental operating system of the
United States is
hoaxes we we just have to deal with that
I think we need to just wake up our
system is one hoax after
another that informs all of our
actions so the things we teach our kids
the way we vote the way the schools are
organized the way we write our
history it's all fake I don't know how
long that's been the case probably all
of my life but once you realize that
you're living within a
hoax it's not a
republic it's not a democracy it's not
even close we're we're not even in the
same
like planetary planetary orbit
as any of those things we are purely a
hoax based system and maybe always have
been I don't know I don't know how long
it's been but clearly at this point
we're just a
hoax speaking of which George Soros is
already spent $400 million trying to buy
the second biggest radio network so he's
working the FCC which has a lot of
Democrats in it and trying to get
approval for it now why in the world
would we be
okay with George Soros owning the second
biggest radio
network clearly he's
buying he he's buying protection for the
hocy what else could it
be he he wants to make sure that there's
nobody who can tell you the truth that's
the whole point do you think that do you
think that George Soros decided that
radio was the good investment of course
not are you kidding me no radio
is not an
investment no you do it for control so
people don't find out what you're really
up to there's no other reason why do you
think a basos owns the Washington Post
because he really likes the dying
newspaper
industry
no now in his case he might have some
pressure from some intelligence sources
but clearly
none of this is about news it is about
maintaining
hoaxes all right it's the the network
that Soros is trying to buy reaches 165
million monthly
listeners 165
million yeah you know if it weren't for
rer
Murdoch who as you know is now from this
country there wouldn't be any competing
news
imagine if Fox News didn't
exist and by the way it's not my job to
say they get everything right because
they don't they don't get everything
right but if you didn't have the
competing
version you would really really be
confused about the world you live in
imagine if all the news was just the
hoaxy stuff that's the way it was before
Fox News it was only the Hox
hoces all right
let me give you another example of that
uh now we have 16 Nobel economists that
have uh Gone public with some kind of
letter saying that uh Trump is a real
risk to inflation and that a trump
presidency would be an inflation bomb
let's see they're economists that sounds
good they're Nobel prizewinning
economists oh my God that sounds
credible and oh there's 16 of them oh oh
my God there's 16 of them I mean they
can't be wrong could they could they be
wrong I mean there's 16 of them and
they're the the very best these are the
these are the Nobel Economist for God's
sakes unfortunately you should see this
more like the 51 Intel people who signed
the laptop no it's not their real
opinion and if it is it's from cognitive
dissonance no you shouldn't listen to
them as experts no they don't have a
good argument yes if you have even a
little bit of understanding economics
you know this is complete as
everyone does who took you know one
economics course
and I if you need some more uh
explaining of why the Nobel
economists do not have let's say a lock
on what's
true let me just ask you this question
why do we have
inflation if all these econom IST know
how to avoid
it and they seem to be willing to advise
us and they're all on the same
page where were they
before were were these same economists
telling us that hey the things you're
doing right now are going to cause
massive
inflation did they because if they did
well I might actually listen to them wow
they got it right that time maybe they
get it right
again but we live in a world where I
guarantee you remember I have a degree
in economics and I can tell you for
sure there are no economists who
understand
inflation now that sounds like a big
claim because it seems obvious print
more money you got inflation if it were
that
easy everybody would have the same uh
pre
prediction if you just sort of look at
it go huh well I've sort of skimmed this
topic
and uh looks to me like Trump's going to
drive that inflation through the roof
now what would be the
argument for why Trump would cause more
inflation what do you think the argument
sounds
like well here we go
um the the reason that he's doing it is
because
um
um I don't think they had a reason
reason but one of them was oh here's one
of the
reasons uh that the Trump presidency
could take inflation to new
heights uh because a January 6 style
attack on Democratic institutions could
undermine global economic stability I
think that was an
axios so so let's see if you can follow
this so the January 6
hoax was that Trump was trying to
overthrow the country but all of you
know that was a hoax so the reason that
Trump would cause
inflation is that the people who made up
this hoax say that he might do more of
the things that he's never
done and then people would think there's
chaos and then that would through a a
process called
Magic would cause your prices to go
up there's your 16 Nobel Economist right
there
no it's complete
 it's absolute complete 51
people say the laptop is Russian
disinformation Russia collusion find
people hoax drinking bleach
 and it's
organized again have you seen the
pattern that when when Republicans are
wrong about something it's because they
were just wrong now they're wrong about
a lot in my opinion but it's always just
comes from some source that wasn't good
enough and you know they bought into it
and it got boosted and you know it fits
some narrative so they wanted to believe
it
so Republicans are like Freer range
um Freer range truth Believers you know
they're they're all over the place but
the but every time you see one of these
big lies coming from Democrats they're
organized some somebody got 16 Nobel
economists to say something that's kind
of obviously
stupid somebody got 51 Intel people to
sign a thing that they clearly didn't
believe was true unless they're that
dumb but I don't think so the Russia
collusion hoax gigantic multi-entity
uh hoax that involves all kinds of
groups and
entities
organized the fine people hoax organized
it's an org organized because the media
is obviously just backing up their their
masters it's all organized do you think
the fact that there are no left leaning
um entities covering it is completely an
accident I doubt it even Carville was
talking about how uh he wants Biden to
say some things that give all the
Democrats their marching orders so they
know what to say and
do it's very it's we well
understood that uh the direction is some
bull is created at the top and
then everybody has to lie about the same
 and that's their model now how
does it work on the other
side let me explain how it works on the
other side I already told you a story
exactly how it
works Trump went into an interview this
is a story I just told you and he said
some people are saying I should you know
calm down when I do the debate some
people are saying I should do this when
he's choosing the vice president he
talks about you know some people are
saying I should pick this person some
people think I'll pick this person Trump
is receiving wisdom from the audience
not always right you know maybe maybe
the audience gets it wrong but Trump is
a receptacle of what is true and
sometimes what isn't but it's coming
from the bottom up and he is just
focusing that energy and then he
converts it into
government he is a true
populist he literally cares deeply based
son action I'm not reading his mind his
his actions suggest he cares a lot about
the what the base wants and then he
tries to give it to him that is not
happening on the left on the left
there's some kind of weird brainwashing
gaslighting hooc that's being hatched
every minute in every category and then
the the Sheep are told what to say and
do very
different and what do the Democrats
describe this system asum Trump is
stealing your
democracy that's what they describe that
as and obviously it's
projection all
right
um so la um is having a problem with
homeless camps you know the homeless are
creating a lot of camps on the sidewalk
but thank God I saw a report by end
wokeness which is one word it's the
account on X you should really follow
that one too so two accounts they should
just absolutely take my word for it just
don't fight right if you're on X just do
this please just follow these guys it's
one is uh end wokeness one word and the
other is
amuse spelled the way you think just
follow them it's like it's like what
what you would see if the news were
real that's what it is it's the stuff
you'd see if the news were real it's
really good stuff anyway um so and
wokness reports that finally La is doing
something about all the homeless
camps checking out the details what
they're doing about all the homeless
camps um oh okay they're removing the
barriers that businesses put up that
were trying to end the homeless camps
okay so this is the wrong direction
they're trying to figure out how to stop
businesses from making it difficult to
camp in front of their
store that's really
happening do you think this story will
be uh in the left leaning press a lot I
don't know it probably wasn't as a it
probably was in the left leaning press
as a good
thing all right well the press speaking
of the press says that uh Trump's VP
picks are down to three bergam Vance and
Rubio then this morning there was a vake
rumor but I don't think there substance
to it um I'm not so
sure that it's narrowed down to these
three bergam Vance and Rubio not so
sure um if it were these
three I would say beram is
boring Vance might be too useful in
Congress and by the
way he he's the whitest looking person
in the history of the United States and
I do worry that that will just cause the
other people to have one more reason to
get worked
up now there's no like I like his views
so he's he's very strong and
communication his communication skills
are through the roof he looks great you
know he's handsome he's young uh uh he's
aggressive uh he's got balls it's like
everything you want but uh he's also
great in where he is so some of the the
calculation is who do you want to move
out of a place that they're already
great uh Rubios some people say you
might be a little too connected to I
don't know the Deep state or something
so people yeah Rubio is too swampy
people are saying in the comments right
now so here's what I
think it's not any of those
three so I'm gonna um let me say two
things first uh I have famously written
and I'm republishing wi big in the next
month or so it's little updated
um so I famously said that nobody can
guess the vice president and that that's
the worst thing that I can guess so it's
the vice president pick is totally based
on things that are happening behind the
curtain that you and I don't know about
so our ability to guess who we pick is
close to zero I mean I didn't see Mike
Pence on anybody's list so I'm going to
I'm going to I'm going to take the
following prediction that it won't be
one of those three and it won't be
V now V because he's too strong the same
with with Vance they're both too strong
um
Rubio's I wouldn't say Rubio is too
strong he's a great communicator seems
to be a solid Senator but uh you know
he's got that people have the suspicion
he's a he's swampy I I don't know that
that's true I don't personally have any
uh visibility into that but I'm going to
say just based on past pattern that we
don't know who it is and it's not going
to be one of the obvious ones I think
that Trump's got a surprise coming so
now
remember I will ask you not to include
this with my
prediction prediction list if you're
looking what I got right and got wrong
I'm probably
wrong this would be the least confident
prediction I'll ever make nobody's good
on guessing vice
presidents nobody's good at it and I'm
definitely not good at it it's it's all
based on stuff we couldn't possibly
know all right um here's an interesting
question if you like to play Supreme
Court judge or
Justice um so there's a question in the
uh case where Jack Smith is going after
the maral Lago documents that's Judge
Canon is presiding over that and uh I
think she said this quote talking about
the budget there's some question about
what is Jack Smith's budget for going
after
Trump and I think the answer is there's
no budget meaning there's no cap meaning
it's unlimited
budget now what does that tell
you if you heard that the government as
a person with an unlim limited budget to
prosecute one person no matter who that
person is would you say to yourself H
that sounds like justice will be done
because they got a big budget to do it
or would it sound more like clearly
targeting somebody because we never say
the budget is
unlimited why would this be the one time
the budget is
unlimited the only reason I can think of
is that the only thing that matters is
getting Trump which would suggest it's
political now I wouldn't have seen that
I I have to say that's sort of an
interesting interpretation but
apparently judge Canon said quote when
it's limitless meaning the budget I
think there is a separation of powers
concern which is the good judge way to
put it a concern about separation of
powers yes it would look like the
executive branch giving an unlimited
budget to go after their uh opponent
would look exactly like
that by the way are you aware that
um when the documents were found we now
have confirmation that the cover the
cover sheets that were photographed with
those Maro documents it's now confirmed
that those were not part of the
documents that the FBI added those into
the photos now they said they were just
placeholders and stuff and blah blah
blah we don't know how they got in the
photos but it looked like they
intentionally took in cover sheets that
would make things look very
confidential to mix it in with the stuff
that maybe wasn't so confidential so it
would look like it was more of a scandal
than it was now maybe yeah maybe there's
some innocent reason for it it doesn't
look like it it looks like exactly what
it looks like but here's the more
important point the thing we also know
that nobody's arguing is that the FBI
asked marago to turn off the security
cameras for what they said was the
safety of the
agents what
exactly would make the agents less
safe if there was a video camera is it
because we'd learn their
identities is that
why uh because that doesn't seem to be
the problem with other law
enforcement yeah I I believe that the
police wear body cams fairly routinely
and I'm pretty sure that most crimes the
way we figure them out is because
somebody had a security camera on so why
would this be the one time and by the
way is that common so I would ask you
this question does the FBI ask other
entities to turn off the security
cameras too now if I found out it was
standard procedure I'd say well that's a
maybe a bad procedure but at least I'd
understand why it happened in maral Lago
if it's not the standard procedure in uh
calling Dan
banino uh Dan banino I need a I need a
ruling uh is it standard procedure to
ask for the security cameras to be
turned off after a site has been
completely controlled before they even
entered so in other words they
negotiated with a secret service that
had security control of the the whole
building and since they're on the same
side you know they're working for the
government they're not trying to break
any
laws they should have known that there
was no danger to the people because what
would it be other than identities but
that seems common to most law
enforcement so I would uh I would uh
propose this if you put me on a jury I
don't think there'll be a jury trial but
if you put me in a
jury and the defense said I want to tell
you one thing
they asked for the security cameras to
be turned off before they went
in I rest my
case I would have my decision then I
wouldn't even listen to the rest of the
evidence be blah blah blah evidence blah
blah blah I'd say I don't care if you
turned off your if you told them to turn
off the security cameras before you
entered innocent innocent that's that's
what I call Reasonable Doubt reasonable
doubt is you're not so sure that this
evidence came to you in the right
way I would say I don't even care what
the evidence was if you tell me that
they had to turn the cameras
off
sorry that I don't know what judge would
be up enough to allow that to go
forward there's there's nothing else
that I even cared about when I you know
as I was watching this I was like well
evidence evidence you know defense
prosecution kind of a normal back and
forth but that doesn't look normal to me
if the FBI came to my house and told me
to turn off my video
cameras I would think they're going to
kill
me and I would have to consider actually
violence in
return I I wouldn't do it I don't think
but I would consider it because I
wouldn't consider it within the legal
process it would look like an extra
legal thing which would be the scariest
thing in the world with people with guns
come and tell you they're not going to
follow the
law right we have guns and we want you
to turn off the camera I'm sorry you
can't do
both we have guns turn off your
cameras that's that just has to
be that has to be a 100% standard that
whatever you do after that doesn't count
any evidence you get after that throw it
out I'd love to see that go to the
Supreme Court that if the people who
come in with guns tell you to turn off
your cameras that that should be the end
of the case dismissed I don't even care
what was in those boxes by the way you
remember when it that uh first broke and
all the the fake news H The hoax suracy
was telling you there were nuclear
secrets now they've looked at all the
contents do you think they would tell
you if there was something dangerous in
there of course they wouldn't tell you
the details if it were actually
something dangerous but they would say
at least something like this there was
something that gave away sources and
methods I mean that would be kind of
specific and I wouldn't need to know the
details I'd say o if it's true it's bad
or they'd say they're plans for an
attack on a nuclear
facility I would say oh I'm not so sure
that's true given all the other things
we've seen But if it's true yeah that's
bad that's bad but why haven't you heard
that you haven't even heard the general
domain in which some of this information
would be a
problem why I if it's totally to their
advantage to tell you that there were in
fact really important secrets in those
marlago boxes you don't think they'd at
least give you the Adam shift treatment
well I can't tell you what we saw but
let me tell you I looked at it myself
and there's stuff about nuclear things
that you wouldn't want anybody to see
but I did whoa I hope nobody else sees
these big
secretes of course there's nothing
important in there you would know about
that by now do you think the hoaxy has
modified their statements from there
might be nuclear secrets we're pretty
sure there are to well honestly we
haven't really heard anything bad in
those boxes
well two courts Kansas and Missouri
obviously conservative States um there
were Court rulings to block temporarily
at least the student loan relief that
Biden was touting now some of it's going
to go forward that's already been uh I
guess grandfathered in
but um and this isn't a permanent stop
it's just a stay until they figure out
what's what's what but I'm glad to see
that the Republicans are fighting back
over in Israel there's a movement to uh
to start drafting the ultra Orthodox uh
Jewish members because they're exempt
the only ones who are exempt from the
Israel military and I think there's
thinking that if
everybody shared in the the pain and the
sacrifice that Israel would be making
better decisions in other words it's
easy to send somebody else store but if
it's your kids or it's you
maybe you think about it twice so I
don't really have an opinion of how how
Israel runs their country let me be
clear about that Israel is your country
and if I had an opinion you should
ignore it it's your
country I'd love you to do the same with
my country I love you to leave us alone
and you know just let us do our thing
and you we can be allies and all that
but no I'm not going to tell Israel I
don't even have an opinion whether they
should extend the draft to this group
but is a it's not a big group it's the
people who study all
day right it so basically it's not
people who are just going to the regular
job or anything it's people who just
have chosen life of study so is kind of
a small
group I guess a top US general just said
that the US might not be in a position
or willing to help if Israel goes into
full BL war with
Hezbollah
well how do you interpret
that do you believe that the United
States thinks that it would be
politically unwise and maybe
security-wise we would get more
terrorism if we
helped do you think they're trying to
stop Israel from going
alone or do you think they're just
playing good cop because Israel is
playing bad cop and that works for both
of us I don't know I don't know it looks
a little bit like bad cop but let me
tell you what I'm most concerned
about the thing I worry about the most
is that the United States is not ready
to fight any kind of a war whether it's
Russia
Ukraine or even
Hezbollah I'm not sure we have the
resources that we would like the world
to believe we have I've got a feeling
that all of the militaries of the world
are way weaker than they think you know
maybe in some ways stronger but but uh
I've Got a Feeling our military has a
Dei problem that's just massive and that
the capability of our military is so low
and we've given so many of our weapons
to
Ukraine we might think that all it would
take is a Hezbollah conflict and we'
just have nothing
left now obviously it only makes a
difference if some critical things get
used up you know we still have stuff but
there you know not everything is
critical but could we be at a point
already of military failure where where
a heesa conflict would just take
everything we got and then and then we
would look like a paper tiger that's
what I worry
about anyway uh in a related comment uh
Jen uh
weager he said uh this he said we had
this giant investigation into whether
Russia was affecting our elections but
there's no investigation of how Israel
is brazenly controlling our politicians
through APAC that's their lobbying group
uh actually it's a lobbying group of
Americans who are
pro-israel uh American Media is a joke
this hypocrisy is so startling yet never
mentioned in the
Press
um first of all I love
Jen because while I I disagree with them
more than I agree I kind of love you
know the the things he brings up you
know he just looks at things through
maybe a little different window
sometimes than other people so I love
what he does while disagreeing with most
of his opinions if that's okay I mean I
think he's just adding something I feel
like he's additive even when I disagree
with him so and I know you disagree with
that but here's my push back on
that the uh the Russia collusion
thing was something we didn't know in
other words it had to be investigated
because we didn't know it was true
that's the opposite of what's happening
with APAC and Israel with APAC it's 100%
legal and it's 100%
transparent and it's a top
headline nobody's hiding anything it's a
bunch of people who care about America
and also Israel who
are quite effectively controlling I I'm
going to say controlling I think that's
fair to say the uh American policy about
Israel now I don't like that yeah let me
say as clearly as possible I don't like
that but there are a lot of things I
don't like that come to me through a a
credible
system in other words America has
laws you know if we want to change our
laws we can I mean it's not impossible
and everything is above board it's all
legal we all know it we can watch it in
real time and we see the
control I I I just can't get as mad
about something that's legal and
transparent as I can about something
that was literally a plot the Russia
collusion thing that's literally a plot
different yeah you could hate both of
them but I just say they shouldn't be
analyzed as similars they're not
similars
all right that ladies and gentlemen
completes my amazing tour of the news
today um as I said if all goes well I'm
waiting for a confirmation but I'm
hoping to talk to Michael Ian Black uh
well-known uh author actor comedian
podcaster um because he's got some
different opinions on things and uh
it'll be a live stream if we connect I'm
just waiting for a confirmation today it
will be at 2 pm eastern time it'll be
recorded as well so you can catch it
anytime you want but it'll be uh live
and we're going to talk about the
mechanism of how you know something's
real given that our news is not terribly
reliable and rather than arguing about
you know Trump bad Trump good we we'll
talk about how you know what's true and
if that works out it could be could be
really interesting that's why I'm doing
it all right so it'll be broadcast on
the the same platforms so if you're
watching me now it's the same way you'll
be watching me if if this comes together
all right um thanks for that I'm going
to say bye now to uh YouTube Rumble and
X thanks for joining I'm going to talk
to my beloved local subscribers a little
privately here and thanks for being part
of this
experience see you tomorrow
oh that's not
working I I hate it when I go through
that whole thing and then uh the
interface just doesn't work try it
again nope the interface is not working
so let's
say what will I do I'm going to close it
and reopen it but we're we're done with
I think closing reopening might help so
I'm going I might disappear for a
minute
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e