I hope to do my bum bum ba-bum ba-bum
ba-bum ba-bum hello and good morning oh
it is a good morning at least where I am
it's sunny and beautiful and I have my
coffee if you have your a beverage of
choice make a coffee because you know
that's the good one
okay tea works do any beverage it's fine
we're being permissive today and it's
time for this simultaneous simple oh
that's the way to start the day you know
I've tried drinking coffee without
without all of you doesn't taste this
good but when you're all watching and
simultaneously sipping good stuff so how
many of you saw Candice Owens mention in
president Trump's tweet so how'd you how
would you like to wake up to that so the
president just essentially just endorsed
a human being when does that ever happen
when do you wake up and find out that
the United's that the President of the
United States decided to endorse you as
a human being that's pretty good but
anyway it reminded me of a topic that I
mentioned before but I want to I want to
really take it home it's a question of
let's say structural institutional or
racism so if we accept that the laws of
the land and the Constitution say
everybody's equal well that's only part
of the battle right because there's
still the hearts and minds and they're
still you know just built-in advantages
to to being born white
let's just say say what it is and I was
making the point that in my opinion of
all of the various structural
disadvantages of being african-american
in particular is your lack of connection
to people who have resources and can
help you so the point is people tend to
hang around with the people that you
know are like them so if you're
african-american and you're hanging
around with other African American folks
primarily you're you're somewhat
accidentally cut off from all the
resources and the network the
investments the the hiring decisions and
and all of the other advice the
mentoring and all the stuff you can get
from white people because the white
people have lots of resources and as I
said before the greatest untapped
resource in the world for African
Americans is that white people like to
help you know I say that like it's like
maybe other people don't like to help
but of course everybody likes to help
but white people in particular we like
to help Plus here's the fun part white
people have all the resources
yeah I'm exaggerating we don't have all
the resources but you know what I mean
and so I wanted to give you a an actual
live demonstration of this point okay
so Candace Owen got retweeted by the
president this morning she's getting
lots of well-deserved attention because
she's doing a tremendous job of
expressing a point of view that had been
underserved now I watched that tweet and
I watch your work and I think to myself
wow she's doing really good things and
what is the next thing you would expect
Candace to do in the the natural arc of
her career probably write a book right
now I don't know if she wants to write a
book but for people who get prominent
and get a lot of attention in the
political sphere the normal the normal
path is to write a book that gives you
speaking in calm it gives you sort of an
introduction to a lot of a lot of places
that you just wouldn't get without
writing the book and here again I'm
going to give you a demonstration of how
useful is to have friends or white
people so Candice follows me on Twitter
we've never met we've never never had
any communication and since we follow
each other on Twitter I can I can send
her a message
so live while you're watching I've
composed a message from B to Candice now
I don't know if she'll see it because
imagine how much Twitter traffic she's
getting especially today but I'm going
to send this message and it says this if
you're looking for a book publisher and
I hope you are I would be happy to
introduce you to my literary agent in
New York City now what would you pay for
an introduction by a best-selling author
to his literate literary agent who can
almost guaranteed get you a deal alright
so if you don't know how publishing
works and let me send this while you're
here alright seven okay
so because canvas has expanded her
network outside of the the
african-american channel and she has
created insanely good contacts in in you
know in the the white world where people
have resources we like to help good
things can happen just from that alone
and if there was a way to scale up what
she's done so that other
african-american folks have the same
advantage of you know just connection
how valuable would that be all right so
I just sent the tweet don't know if
she'll ever see it but sitting in her
DMS would be a recommendation to one of
the
literary agents in New York City a
personal recommendation so that she
would definitely get a meeting would get
a look and if the literary agent likes
that some some agents are powerful
enough that they're working with and off
for the author they can usually put a
package together that that the
publishers want to so the agent is
actually the big break because a good
agent can get you placed with a with a
publisher so so there's an example now I
try to try to do this sort of thing any
time I run into anybody who's got fewer
connections and could use them let me
give you another example this in the not
in an African American example but I've
you ever seen a comic called pearls
before swine pearls before swine it's
one of the top comics in the world right
now and what's interesting about that is
that the Stephan Pastis the the author
of the comic one of the things that he
did to transfer to you know trans
transfer from being a lawyer that was
his primary job - one of the top
cartoonists in the world is he called me
he contacted me I forget how and said
can we have a meeting could we go to
lunch I want to pick your brain about
how to be a cartoonist so in the
beginning I gave him some attention that
he wasn't getting when he was a start
was starting out and that actually
created kind of the first attention he
got to get published at least in
newspapers he was already online and
that we met in person and I gave him
lots of in-person advice and you know
who could give better advice on being a
cartoonist really I mean if you were
gonna go to somebody and say hey I'd
like to get some advice on being a
cartoonist you'd want to go to somebody
who you know literally wrote a book on
it
vice and as a cartoonist and is
succeeding so because he had an easy
access to me his career was a lot easier
getting started and now he's a huge
success
how unfair is it that he was so
comfortable you know talking to me
because hey he's a white guy I'm a white
guy it was one less thing that could
have been a form of hesitation or
friction right so if that same benefit
were opened up to everyone could be a
better world so that's my point in there
let's talk about a ramp I'm a little bit
early on my thinking about Iran and you
know where that's all going but but
let's let's do some speculation about
the situation to see if we can get an
early indication of where things might
be heading now one of the things I keep
hearing is that although the Iranian
people are surprisingly pro-american or
at least they don't have a problem with
Americans and they say Americans well
they're nice whereas the leadership of
Iran we believe literally wants to you
know kill us and kill Israel kill
America maybe die in a giant fireball or
something like that
now what is what is your first
impression when you hear that that there
are people who are willing to die
destroy their own country destroy Israel
destroy the United States and yet
they've been in power for a while and
have not destroyed themselves or done
something that would cause us to destroy
them so it's been many years of these
crazy suicidal people in charge who
haven't actually crossed the line where
we would clearly just wipe them ill or
or they they have not fully committed to
even wiping out Israel
now what does it look like for Iran to
be fully committed well take the Iraq
war if you remember your history Iraq
had a stronger military but they
couldn't make too much headway attacking
Iran this is back in Saddam's time
because the Iranians were just like
human you know sacrificial whatever just
running toward the Iraqi army with
incomplete
you know weaponry just getting
slaughtered but they were so brave and
so committed that Iraq just couldn't
conquer Iran even with superior
firepower or Iraq couldn't yeah Iraq
could not conquer and so we've seen what
it looks like when the Iranian leaders
and the Iranian public are committed to
something when they're committed there
doesn't seem to be any limit to what
they're willing to do but then we look
at their language about death to America
and it doesn't look like that kind of
commitment but as I've said many times
if you're Israel you have to treat that
risk like it's a hundred percent chance
of happening so Israel has no wiggle
room they have to treat it like as a war
that's already happening and you saw
that there's there reports where Israel
attacked an alleged Iranian missile site
in Syria so they're very much treating
it like they're in the middle of a war
and they have to it's it's deadly
serious to them but what we're trying to
do is understand where the where the
leverage is where the buttons are what
what might be in play that we didn't
think was in play what might be an
illusion etc and in that world we can be
a little more permissive and are
thinking because we're not Israel who's
an imminent risk of being you know
destroyed so they have to treat it like
it's just a fact hundred percent you
would never want to talk that man in
that position because it's the only
rational position
but let me let me toss out some ideas
one of the things that made North Korea
work two things I think two things made
North Korea heading toward a good result
one is that we added variables to the to
the calculation so North Korea had been
nukes or no nukes nukes or no nukes
very few variables we wanted them not to
have them they wanted them to have them
while we're done but when the the
reunification variable was added in and
then maybe the uncertainty there that we
had a crazy president who might attack
them any moment suddenly there were all
kinds of variables in the head table and
we had a president who was willing to
negotiate a president who could get
along with crazy dictators better than
any other president so president Trump
took a situation with only a few
variables North Korea and he added a
bunch of variables now I think Kim
jong-un added some variables himself
because he may have been the first one
who brought up reunification I don't
know how those conversations went but
the point is if you can't get a result
you can sometimes add variables so when
you're looking at the Iranian situation
we don't want them to have nukes and
missiles and we don't want them to be
funding bad people but how could we add
some variables to that well one way to
add the variable is to expand the
conversation until it's about peace of
the Middle East so you make the
conversation about a Hamas about
Hezbollah about Durant about Israel you
add variables so this is just a general
concept if you can't get a result with
the variables you're working with and
you have a chance to expand the
variables it gives you more options for
peace so would I ran be funding
Hezbollah and Hamas to cause damage to
Israel if there was a comprehensive
peace plan in which all of those parties
were getting at least enough of whatever
it was they wanted short of destroying
Israel we don't know because we haven't
done that but it's possible
and the other thing that we might
discover is that the the alleged belief
that although all of the people the
citizens in Iran are perfectly rational
and nice people that could you know we'd
like to have over for dinner that we
believe the leadership is actually
literally crazy we believe the same
thing about Kim jong-un's we believe the
same thing about every dictator who's on
the other side it's the normal thing you
believe that the other side is
irrational might be true this time you
do get your your Hitler's now and then
right so you can't say you can't say
that any leader is rational you don't
know you just don't know so but I think
we should push against that hypothesis
and there might be a way we reached an
agreement where where it doesn't matter
so much how crazy they are now let me
give you a reframe I save the crazy
stuff for the end of my periscope so
those of you stick around you know get a
little bonus I'm working on the
following reframe about it Iran remember
I said that in order to get a good deal
in these big international negotiations
the other thing you need besides more
variables is you need both sides to have
something that looks like a victory path
North Korea figured out how to have a
victory path because reunification is
you know is something that will make Kim
jong-nam a legendary figure forever
i mean kim janggun is going for the long
ball quite quite wisely i think you know
it's too early to know right but it
looks like kim janggun just said hey i'm
gonna go for the long ball I'm not just
looking for a good result I want to be
like like the royal family is to Great
Britain I'm not sure that's where
they're heading but it looks like he's
shooting he's going for the whole the
whole enchilada
so is there it is there a path were Iran
and the rest of the Middle East let's
say Hamas and hasn't that stuff is there
a path where they could have a victory
while Israel stays a country gets
recognized and nobody's trying to
destroy the United States or a fun
Terrace is there any path that we can
imagine that Iran has short of
destroying the United States and
destroying themselves and destroying
Israel and I'm going to suggest the
following refrain all right listen to
this and see if this makes sense to you
in in the original days of the founding
of Islam they had a certain set of tools
for war you know with swords and stabby
stabby things right so technology was
was modest
so in Muhammad's day they used the tools
that they had now how could you spread
religion in the days of Muhammad
like what techniques could you use well
weapons you use the only tools you could
so if you started with the the belief
there's that God Allah wants you to
spread your religion what was the one
and only way you can do it kill people
all right so you would concur now what
happened as the technology of war
improved
if you see a modern radical Islamist do
a terror attack are they likely to use a
sword and a spear
probably not they've probably upgraded
their tools right so there's no there's
no Islamic prohibition about using
better tools of war so they could use
swords that was fine and now they use
machine guns and bombs better technology
but it's the same philosophy they're
trying to use conquest
yeah beheadings and stuff we're trying
to use those tools to further the spread
of Islam now if there were an even
better a weapon invented would they be
allowed to use it alright so here's your
thought your thought experiment
if Islam had an even better weapon to
further the spread of Islam - you know
conquest you could call it could they
use it and the answer is of course they
could because that's the history of
Islam if there are new tools there's
nothing that stops them from using a new
tool here's the reframe the nuclear
weapons are not as an effective tool for
spreading Islam as the internet is so in
the old days your best tool for
spreading Islam was a sword then maybe
you thought your best tool was guns and
you know explosions and mortars and
missiles and nuclear weapons but look at
North Korea did their nuclear weapons
help them not so much it actually caused
a problem look at Iran were there
nuclear weapons
helping them not so much the the even
the even the development of nuclear
weapons caused this problem they're not
spreading anywhere because of those new
but imagine that in the year 2018 and
beyond we have this thing called the
internet and let's move the war of
religion from the battlefield where we
used old tools because that's all we had
you use the tools you have you don't use
the tools you don't have now we have
better tools spreading Islam is a it's a
battle of ideas the Internet is what you
use in the battle of ideas so could iran
translate their version of iran without
giving up anything
no sacrifice to a war of ideas in which
we say look around not only are we not
going to block you on social media we'll
give you a full platform you can take
your ideas anywhere you want you just
leave behind the the weapons that were
effective right it's all that so the
point is killing people to spread your
religion is the old technology the new
technology is persuasion and
communication and if Iran does not
believe that exposing people to their
ideas their persuasion their their
information about Islam if they don't
believe that's enough then they don't
have confidence in their own God in the
battle of ideas in the battle of ideas
is God gonna let them lose well I guess
the only way to find out just to do it
now I see some of the comments and
you're making exactly the right comment
I agree with my critics who are in
real-time saying some version of this my
god you're so you're so naive you don't
understand how they think to even
imagine to even imagine that they would
want to
move from the the war of physical
violence to the war of ideas you're so
dumb Scott - you could never this could
never happen
just keep in mind you were saying that
before President Trump got elected not
you necessarily but look out the world
the thought about the odds of Trump
getting elected
it just seemed impossible but then it
happened what were the odds the
president Trump would come would
speedily solve North Korea how much of
the world thought that was even remotely
possible not many people I saw Trump
coming a mile away and and you all
watched it in real time you saw me go
out on a limb in 2015 and bet my entire
reputation on it my income my reputation
I bet everything on it and then I
doubled down by describing for the past
year how we could get a good result in
North Korea with a president Trump and
that reunification was probably part of
it and this war on companies instead of
just countries would probably be a key
and here we are
I'm telling you also that I don't see
anything there would rule out a big win
for everybody except the way we're
thinking about it there's nothing else
stopping there there are no physical
limitations to thinking differently
about the situation but you would have
to give Iran and the various opponents
of Israel a win and unambiguous wind and
if you asked me the unambiguous win is
to take the battle from the field put it
into the war of ideas where it belongs
the the Internet is exactly where you
should be discussing religion and if if
Iran is not confident that their God
will display their ideas more
effectively well that then they're
questioning their own rule
or let me put it another way the only
way this isn't a good idea is if Iran
doesn't believe their own God because if
they believe their God they're going to
win on the battlefield of ideas you know
as long as we don't you know limit their
traffic now the interesting thing about
this idea is that the biggest obstacle
to make it work is that even
conservatives in the United States don't
give fair hearing
on our social media so you might find
that Twitter and Facebook are the
biggest obstacles to success if if they
are if they're censoring thought about
Islam that they don't like right so if
if we're censoring them just because we
don't like it then I don't think we're
playing fairly you can tell logic and
directives from God if you truly believe
well what I'm saying is that the
suggestion of moving from the physical
battlefield to the Internet and the
Battle of ideas is that there's nothing
on Islamic about that and it's it's just
perfectly compatible as far as I know
you know I'm not going to present myself
as the expert on Islamic thought but if
it's true that Islam allows you to
upgrade your tools of war then the best
tool of war for persuading people to to
change to your religion at the moment in
2018 it's not bombs it just doesn't work
that well you know we saw the the
Caliphate didn't get that far
and it's almost like God was trying to
tell the Caliphate a use the Internet
idiots stop and stop trying to beat and
military forces that are far superior
Sharia is not compatible with American
values that is correct
but that's why you battle it out in the
war of ideas on the Internet
all right so having presented that idea
your your objection should be I can't
believe that Iran's leadership would buy
that you know that big change in
thinking to say let's move our battle to
the Internet if that's your only problem
if that's the only problem with us it's
not impossible if that's the only
problem it's not impossible so that
doesn't mean so this is not a prediction
I'm just telling you that if you can't
imagine if you can't even imagine how
this all could be solved well it might
be a failure of imagination you know you
hear me say this a lot right sometimes
we don't act because we can't imagine
there's anything that could work let's
say you sit there and say okay what if I
do that yeah that wouldn't work what if
I do that no that won't work so what do
you do you just sit in your chair
because you can't imagine anything that
would work I'm telling you I can imagine
a good result and it's where you take it
from the war of weapons to a war of
ideas and you can't tell me that's not
the not the natural place for
discussions of you know Islamic thought
can I imagine myself some hair somebody
says I can't actually it's funny that's
a funny question so so one of the
jokesters on here said can i imagine
myself with hair and the funny thing is
that I always think to myself you know
sometime probably in my lifetime still
yeah I'm hoping I have another 30 or 40
years left I'll probably have a full
head of hair but I'll be I'll be 95 when
it happens and somebody say hey take
this pill and we can we can solve that
problem again for 70 years I'll be like
I'll be yeah I look like a desiccated
fruit but I got great hair
alright um give me some feedback on my
idea of expanding the Iranian question
to the whole area and say hey everybody
let's move this to the war of ideas
because the borders aren't going to
change what about the pleasure of
killing infidels well I don't think the
leaders enjoy that pleasure war of ideas
is not a fair fight
oh so somebody said and the war of ideas
it wouldn't be a fair fight
in other words somebody is saying that
Islam would not do well just on the
Internet in a war of ideas I think
you're wrong I think it I think Islam
would thrive and in fact it already is I
mean we don't have to wonder right so it
only work if they think they have a
chance of winning the idea war do you
think that someone who really believes
that God is on their side thinks they
would lose an idea war if it's a fair
idea war nobody's nobody's censoring I
don't think people think that way I
think they think if God's on their side
they're definitely going to win the idea
war would it work on you it's really not
about individuals it's about you know
populations all right
so it looks like I have a tepid response
is that true it looks like most of you
are not committing does anybody think
that my reframe would be productive as
in it might actually make a difference
because imagine if you would the United
States saying consistently look you're
fighting in the wrong place you're
fighting on the battlefield that's
that's just not modern times anymore you
know that the civilization is leaving
you behind because the battles are
battles of the mind now and you know we
can effectively arm or an with better
weapons than they have now and that's
not even a joke if if what Iran wants is
to wipe Israel off the map but not in a
military way because every once awhile
they they clarify or maybe it's not
clarification maybe it's maybe maybe
they're shading their true intentions
but when they talk about Israel it's
like well we don't mean you know destroy
all the people we mean Israel as a
functioning state you know they would
want it not to be a Jewish state well
here's the thing the war of ideas gets
you to a place where Israel has to open
up their immigration and demographics
are a right if Israel did not have
war what would they have to do think
about it if Israel was not in a
legitimate state of permanent war with
their you know the various neighbors
what would they have to do they would
have to you know history would almost
force them to start allowing more more
Muslims into the country and in the long
run
Israel stops being the the Jewish only
state now if I said hey people in Israel
do you want to stop being a Jewish state
they would say
now look at all that you look at all the
work we did to get here like everything
we've sacrificed everything we've done
is to get our own state why the hell
would we why the heck would we ever want
to lose that and the answer is when it
doesn't matter anymore
right Israel exists as a Jewish state in
large part yeah I mean there's
historical reasons and you know there
are irrational reasons and rational
reasons and everything so it's never one
thing but a big part of is that it's
necessary someday it won't be it just
won't be necessary you know if if the
Israelis and the you know and the
Muslims were living together in peace
and happiness nobody would care that
much you know about the the composition
of the leadership of the country as long
as everybody was happy everybody be ok
all right
you are wrong says somebody I to be
determined
somebody say it says Islam has nothing
to offer to the west I say we don't know
that we know that in its current form
it's sort of associated with violence
and that's not very attractive to a lot
of people but what if it what if it were
not what if Islam were were you know
lost it's bad characters and became
literally a religion of peace would
Westerners say hey I don't want any of
that religion of peace stuff you don't
know all right
yes which sect of Islam well that's
that's part of the idea the war of ideas
so Islam needs to work out its own its
own positions in the war of ideas and
along with everybody else all right
that's enough for now I'm gonna go and
I'll talk to you later
you