but pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom hey everybody get in
here you know what time it is and so do
I it's time for coffee with scott adams
i'm scott adams you already know what
coffee is and if you're smart and
prepared and good looking you probably
have a cup of coffee already ready might
be another beverage could be tea could
be something else but whatever it might
be
grab your copy glass your mug could be a
tanker to chalice or Stein it might be a
thermos or a flask and for our men and
women in uniform grab your canteen and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit that gets the
rest of your day just go and great I
call it the simultaneous sip join me oh
no stretch try this oh you know the key
to stretching if you didn't already know
is you have to make the noise too loud
go oh that's what a good stretch looks
like
all right I think we're ready are we not
let's talk I'm gonna take some questions
in a bit so if you have some questions
go ahead and get those prepared because
I want good questions keep your
questions short and I will be happy to
answer them
alright let's talk about a few things so
Mike Pence went down to visit some
border detention facilities which I'm
happy about and Mike Pence continually
underrated Mike Pence is continually
underrated that guy's got a lot of game
now he gets a lot of fire for his you
know let's say let's say not current
views on LGBTQ one hope so he's
upgrading those opinions as part of the
Trump administration so he's got some
baggage but he's got a lot of game and
the first thing I say I said this about
him all the time he has never
embarrassed the president he's always
been right on point and it's hard to be
a vice president I would think and to do
it with class and dignity and all that
and he does it he does it very well
and he did something so smart in his
trip to the detention centers that I
thought I wanted to call it out
persuasion wise maybe politically wise
in persuasion wise and it is such a
simple thing just just listen to how
simple this is and Mike Pence got it
right and a lot of people haven't gotten
this right all right so Pence was asked
asked by CNN whether the conditions for
the detained single adult immigrants
were acceptable all right so Pence is
representing the administration there's
been this contest of are the detention
centers doing a good job say the
Democrats or are they doing a bad job
saying the Democrats or are the
detention centers doing a good job
says the administration that's the way a
used that's the way it has been up till
now which was the wrong the wrong
framing from the administration's
perspective here's Mike Pence getting it
totally right all right so he's asked
whether the conditions for the single
adult immigrants were acceptable pence
said no it's not
that's the right answer that's the right
answer
followed by that's the reason why we
demanded that Congress give us 4.6
billion in additional support to Customs
and Border Protection right right that's
the right answer you know it's the wrong
answer oh I think you you're
exaggerating the wrong answer is telling
the Democrats that what they saw they
didn't see telling them that oh no it's
fine we're doing a great job down there
even if you are even if we are doing a
great job we asked for 4.6 billion
dollars
did we ask for 4.6 billion dollars
because everything was just the way we
wanted it no no if you can ever agree
with the people who are criticizing you
do it do it it's always the best play so
so pence so far the smartest person
who's talked about this issue says are
things acceptable no that's why we're
asking for money are things acceptable
no it's bad the conditions are not
acceptable you know they are not
acceptable they're not acceptable to
Democrats they're not acceptable to
Republicans they're not acceptable to
human beings that's why they want the
money to make it better every time that
they disagree and say well you looked at
the wrong facilities you exaggerated or
whatever certainly certainly you could
disagree on maybe some details but you
should agree as hard as you can with the
Democrats that things are unacceptable
and that's why you're trying to fix so
Mike Pence gets it right will he gay
will he get credit for that who knows
but he got a right so credit him
here's what is not optimal so far all of
our all the reports that we've seen
about the various detention centers are
all the same stupid thing here's what's
stupid you've got a bunch of different
detention centers one assumes some are
doing great some are not doing so great
so somebody will visit some politician
will visit one that's doing great and
will say hey I visited I went there
myself it looks pretty good somebody
else will visit the one that's not doing
great and they'll come back and say hey
these detention centers are not working
it's all terrible conditions and we the
public who are the bosses remember
you're in charge it's the politicians
aren't in charge we elect them you know
we can tell them what to do by our
opinions you know as people get polled
the politicians aren't going to go
against the polls forever you know
temporarily they can but in the long run
they don't so you're the boss you bosses
you citizens of the United States what
do you know about the detention centers
in general nothing not a damn thing
you're the boss
you're in charge of this you use the
public and you don't have any
information that's reliable
I wouldn't believe anybody who said that
things are going great I wouldn't
believe anybody who said they're not
because in all likelihood it's going
great and some and not greater than
others because it's like everything else
in the world so I'd suggest the other
day that the only solution for that is
some kind of independent third party who
visits all of them unpredictably meaning
somebody you can visit any of these
facilities at the drop of a hat whose
job it is to do that who is independent
it was independent and can just report
to the country the bosses right you're
the boss I'm the boss we run this
country where were the voters and we'd
like to get some actual useful good
information about what's going there now
it wouldn't probably change my opinion
too much because I agree with the
Democrats and I agree with Mike Pence is
it acceptable no it's not acceptable
it's not acceptable whatever is
happening down there it's completely
unacceptable and any other answer is
ridiculous
if you're asking for billions of dollars
to fix something you don't say it's fine
the way it is all right I guess I mean
at that point way too many times but the
good news is apparently there's gonna be
some kind of some kind of independent
pediatrician who is going to be tasked
with visiting the facilities its
pediatrician so obviously the focus will
be on the kids and it seems to me that
the independent physician pediatrician
pediatrician is probably going to get us
closer to something like a good result
but the very first thing the Trump
administration needs to do is to is to
focus on what's wrong instead of
focusing on doing a good job I mean it's
great I do like that you know the Border
Patrol people get credit for the things
that are going right so we should you
know maybe highlight the ones that are
doing a great job to give some balance
but we're trying to fix a problem you
don't fix the problem by focusing on
what's going right let's let's let's
look at the ugly show me the ugly if you
show me the ugly I'll help you fix it
all right
so we got that going on there's a story
in sorted in Breitbart and I think it's
in some other places
apparently Kanye West is moving forward
with trying to design and build some
homes for the poor now you have to
assume that anything you hear in the
world these days may not be exactly
accurate so I'm not saying the part we
know is that it looks like Katya is very
very interested and very involved in
designing homes what we don't know is
exactly what he has in mind and it was
there for where they'll be isn't that
sort of stuff but the reporting said
that it would be maybe based on some
kind of a Star Wars design you know the
little igloo Hut's from Star Wars I
don't know if that's true it could be
that maybe that's a starting point but I
would like to caution Kanye given that
there's a nonzero chance that he'll
he'll hear this I don't know what the
odds are but he's I know he's seen some
of my periscopes because he retweeted
them a few years ago but let me tell you
what I think might be a problem with
what he's doing the problem with all
housing at least in the United States is
probably the same everywhere else they
all suffer from what I call the same
problem and I don't see anybody fixing
it and as and for based on what I know
I don't know that Kanye is fixing it but
he could he's the kind of current person
that could fix the thing that's never
been fixed before and it's this here's
the worst way to design a house get a
really good designer really good
architects really good engineers and
then you design a house maybe you work
with who's gonna live there to get their
requirements etc and then you design the
house that's the way all homes are built
you get the people who know how to do it
together somebody gets gives them money
and then they design
as far as I can tell Kanye's effort
until we find out differently I'm gonna
assume that anything that Connie does is
gonna be a little different than the way
anybody else does it that's what he does
so I'm not gonna assume he's gonna do it
this way but if he did the same thing
that would also be a mistake and I'll
tell you why in a moment but it would be
a mistake to simply get smarter people
and say hey these homes have not been
designed well in the past only smarter
people and we'll do it right
still the wrong system here's the right
system we don't know how to build better
homes let's try one you build it you put
some people in it and you say in 30 days
tell us what works and what doesn't
thirty days later the people the family
that moved in says you know we love this
place
but there's no closet for our brooms I
have to walk you know to the garage to
get a broom to sweep the floor so the
next version you take all those little
fixes and he builds it into it and then
you move a family in for 30 days and you
say how about this one and they say you
know it's a little loud in this room
because it's a little too close to this
room and we find that the kids like to
play in this room and then we can't
sleep so then you say fine
let's build another one right next to it
you build another one put in a little
insulation with a little dog door
because they forgot something from the
dog put it a little different kind of
table because the table and the other
one got scratched or fell apart so the
point is if you're starting with a goal
in mind and goal thinking versus systems
thinking is being highlighted here if
your goal is to design a better home and
the only way you do it is get some
experts together and design a home you
did it wrong you did it wrong because
all you get is a home that's maybe a
little bit better than other homes
because it's the same people who built
all the bad ones are probably gonna be
the same people who build the new one it
might be a little better but that's it
so the the way to build a great home is
to build 25 bad homes let me say that
again the way to build a great home
let's say you're building it for low
income people the way to build a great
one is to build 25 that aren't so great
each one of them iterating toward the
better one or you could have several
projects each of them iterating in
different ways one of them for small
family is one with kids one without kids
that sort of thing
so I am very much in favor of all the
people who are trying different things
and big fan of Kanye especially taking
on a big big challenge like that but I
hope he's looking to iterate and I hope
he's got that built into the system
because without that it's just another
person building a house and even as
innovative as Kanye is likely to be it's
you can't really guess what's gonna work
for people you can't get there just by
being smart being smart won't get you
there all right so kudos to Kanye for
even taking that on that's that's why we
that's why we love all right there's a
report end of China that they're working
hard on fusion and apparently they have
some kind of breakthrough for a fusion
energy now the breakthrough is giant
magnets that can keep the the reaction
from touching the edges of the container
so I don't know anything about this
stuff so might just assume that I'm
giving you the more on description of
enough nuclear fusion because I am but
the idea is that whatever the whatever
is happening with the plasma on the
reaction whatever it is they have to
keep it from touching the walls of
anything and the only way to do that it
was with super powerful magnets that
will keep it from floating instead of
touching walls they have not science has
not been able to achieve that until
recently so it looks like it looks like
a American Chinese
group working on this collectively it
looks like they have some big
breakthrough but even with a big
breakthrough China is looking at
building their first full fusion plant
in 2050 so they're still looking at 30
years to get a plant built but that was
still pretty pretty good now we have
lots of other nuclear options between
now and the time we get our first fusion
plant you know generation 3 potentially
generation 4 but nuclear power is the
way to go and I saw that Rick Perry just
appointed somebody in the Energy
Department I don't know I forget the
details but they brought in somebody who
who's an expert at government and
private industry nuclear collaboration
so the government is doing the right
stuff they're bringing in the right
people and they're bringing it building
a system which means they're doing it
right instead of trying to build a
specific plant the government rick
perry's group is saying let's create a
system where the government can be very
helpful to spur this industry so and to
make nuclear benefits better faster
cheaper safer sorry so they're doing the
right stuff that's all good I'm gonna
take some calls
so anybody has some questions this would
be the time to do it
let's see you is out here Jacob I'm
gonna bring you on
Jacob are you there
Jacob technology please work okay
Jacob is processing Jake up are you
there good morning
do you have a question for me as
pertains of rural areas but I find that
a lot of people have homes especially
where I am in Atlantic Canada but they
don't have jobs or pads or careers and
everything they used to have was taking
things from the earth
fishing logging and asbestos it was
actually huge here well in which have
been deemed unacceptable to extract
Natalie so I've been racking my brain
because they I mean the majority of the
contrary is these small areas but they
have to fly or leave their families for
weeks or even months like my father did
just to apply to work somewhere else
they kind of congregate in only one
province of Canada Alberta and I've been
trying to think like how can we give
these trades people because most of them
are trades people a path in the rural
areas well that's a real good question
obviously you we're gonna have to get
away from taking stuff out of the ground
as our you know primary way to get paid
so I don't know if there anybody has any
easy answers to that I mean some of it
might be the few people who can learn to
do something with technology into it at
a distance but that's not really a
solution I think a huge part of the
solution is lowering cost I think we
don't focus enough what would it take to
lower the cost of a high-quality life
because if you lower the cost of living
then your opportunities for making money
expand because maybe maybe for example
just just use a bad example but let's
say you had considered being a
telemarketer something that you could do
from your home
wherever you are but the most you could
make was I don't know 30 or $40,000 a
year so you wouldn't do it because it
just wouldn't be enough and you'd be
spending your whole day doing it but
what if it was enough what if it were
enough
what if 30 or $40,000 a year and let's
say your spouse is also working what if
it's enough so I think we probably have
to solve getting expenses down that's
part of the answer part of the answer is
things you can do at a distance and a
big part of the answer I think is going
to be relocating I'll tell you my my
almost guaranteed prediction so I'm
gonna make a prediction that I think is
just a certainty I just don't know when
but it's the answer to what you're
talking about and that is I think we're
going to start to build entire super
cities from areas where there's nothing
because fixing a city that's already
there is monstrously difficult could you
imagine saying hey let's rebuild New
York City to make it more livable you
just you almost couldn't do it for a
hundred different reasons it would be so
impractical but now imagine saying hey
there's a lot of room in this desert
were playing or this state there's just
plenty of room
let's designate this big area as our new
city start from scratch and use design
to do what money can do and what I mean
by that is if you design this any right
it's going to be low cost very good to
live in solve a lot of your problems low
maintenance you know do good
transportation and all the things that
you need to live but by design so if you
do design right you don't need to spend
as much so my my view of the future is
at some point there will be a number of
super cities super towns or super cities
being designed from scratch there will
be so amazingly livable and we'll also
have lots of access to employment
because they'll they'll design that that
consideration will be part of the design
then people in the rural areas will be
able to find these cities and
apply to them and move so I think
probably in the long run people in the
rural areas that do not have access to
employment and well designed homes will
probably just move to where there are
those things and their lives will be
immeasurable immeasurably better but
that might be a 2050 thing you know it
might be a year 2040 things so it's it's
not a quick fix a lot of people in the
comments were suggesting things they
move where the jobs are gonna have to
relocate someone said not everywhere is
meant to be inhabited but it is hard to
think there's over half a million people
in my problems I know that's not a lot
but there are only two cities out of the
hundreds and hundreds of communities so
it's kind of hard for me to think that
all these men and women just have to
come to the two cities and try to you
know make an event and a lot of they
hate the cities they feel that it robs
their culture their soul you know and
again weird excuse but a lot of us do
get identity from the small areas our
songs are even our type of parties you
know and they just they want to avoid
the cities you know well I mean it's
everybody's got to make that choice I'll
tell you I grew up in a very small town
my graduating class there were only I
think 40 people in my entire graduating
class yeah and I and maybe 2,000 people
in the entire spread in town you know
you could drive down the street for a
long time without seeing another car so
when I graduated high school and I went
to a nearby college that I could drive
to but when I got out of college the
first thing I did was I literally traded
my car for a one-way ticket to
California with with with nothing on the
other end I didn't have anything waiting
for me got the other end now my brother
lived in California already so I had a
literally I had a couch to sleep on so I
sold my car for a one-way ticket to
California to go sleep on my brother's
couch and borrow his car during the day
and go look for jobs which which I did
now eventually I got a job at a bank in
San Francisco long story and and that
led to here but the very first problem I
solved was I said to myself if I stay
where I grew up if I stay in this small
local place and don't go to places that
have cities in traffic and you know
crime and all that even if I prefer my
small-town lifestyle there's no
opportunity here so the first problem I
solved is location and I recommend that
to any anybody who's you know graduating
from school in any of those small rural
areas get out you should get home before
you before you have ties you know yeah
only time I'm something of a success
story I did say I packed my car moved in
with nowhere to live found an apartment
that night
I'm a industrial mechanic and welder by
trade but I am literally learning to
code right now I mean yeah you can't you
can't there's no amount of advice that
creates you right there's no event
there's no amount of advice that would
create me you and I I mean I can tell
just from you know one minute of talking
to you I can tell that you know we you
we could drop you from the plane you
know with the parachute onto any island
anywhere in the world and then come back
in five years and you're doing okay
because you figured it out right
because you it's obvious that you're a
guy who figures it out I don't know what
to do I'll figure this out now go I'll
go do what I need to do I'll do the hard
stuff
I'll put it into work I'll figure it out
so I'm the same guy
if you drop me on the island I was I
always use this little story as a way to
understand myself
I use the island of prisoners and I
always say this if you were to drop me
on the island of prisoners where there's
no law it's just you know people
committed terrible crimes live there
they're put there because they can't
escape
if you drop me on the island to
prisoners on day one I would get you
know beaten up and raped on day two
be beaten up and raped again on day
three I'd be beaten up and raped again
but but if he came back in five years I
would be running the island yeah and and
the difference is being beaten up and
raped every day for a year isn't gonna
stop me that's not gonna stop me because
because my mind is already on the other
end of that it's like well how long is
this gonna take do we have a month of
this is it just a two-month situation I
don't care I don't care if it's a month
a year at the end of it you're all going
to be dead it's it's probably a
dangerous philosophy because I keep it
with me when I'm in dangerous places too
because you know you'll see you'll see
situations for people and you'll say to
yourself okay this person might want to
hurt me or rob me or kill me and I
always have this little this little
recording running in my head which is I
feel sorry for this guy sure enough this
person could hurt me if they wanted to
they would just have to want to and they
could hurt me but if I didn't die yeah
I'm yeah I really I really feel sorry
for somebody who hurt me badly and
didn't kill me cuz that's gonna be
that's not gonna work in a well alright
I'm gonna take another call thanks so
much all right god bless station all
right
I love Canadians don't you
let's take T bar T bar coming at you T
bar can you hear me
and do you have a question well I was
enjoying Bill Maltese daughter
philanthropy and I thought is there a
way to allow people to donate their time
and services those who needed such as
elderly who need errands run or their
yard cut things like that well um I
don't know if there's an easy way to do
it through Twitter philanthropy because
Twitter goes to the whole world but you
won't you need to talk to people who are
local there's an app called next door if
you ever heard of that app yes I am on
that app oh okay so that's the most
local social media thing because it
literally goes to your neighbors so you
can always put out the word and say I've
got some time if there's somebody need
something you would almost certainly
find somebody recommending a neighbor
and elderly person I also had a question
about you have the gem for development
idea for North Korea do you think that
idea would work as a negotiating tool in
Iran yeah I think anytime you can throw
in a variable another variable it gives
you a little bit more opportunity to
make a deal because and especially you
know a Gen 4 nuclear development site in
North Korea would make perfect sense the
North Koreans would be able to use their
nuclear expertise they need they need
cheap energy just like everybody else
does and and it's it's good for the
world so yeah III think there could be
something there if they want but it's
it's in any event it's smart to throw it
in the mix is something that should at
least be discussed because it yeah it
would be a good export for their you
know diversifying their economy because
you know so much their economy is linked
to oil energy if they could diversify to
Gen 4 that would be yeah yeah I would
think North Korea would be all over that
if they could so yes I expect that will
be part of the conversation thank you so
much excellent thank you
let's take another let's do Nikolas
Nikolas Nikolas Nikolas come at me are
you there hey I can hear you what's your
question Nikolas I was wondering it like
with all those shadow banning and things
you know down voting and all that on
YouTube is there any possibility that
it's just purely profit driven because
like YouTube has never been profitable
and so maybe by like limiting your views
and the first day or something like that
they're just trying to make more money
hmm
I never rule out the profit motive and
and I make this following point often
people don't do things for one reason
when we talk about why people do things
will often say they had that one reason
and maybe it means that's the one reason
to put it over the top or the one reason
you didn't expect or the one that you
didn't know about but people don't do
things for one reason so I would imagine
that YouTube being like any other
company has a profit motive that
absolutely is influencing them but they
also have you know they might have some
political bias in that mix as well so my
guess is that if if the political let's
say if the financial motive was
overwhelming to let people stay on the
platform let's say if let's say all the
conspiracy theorists happen to be the
most profitable creators on YouTube I
think you'd find that they would they
would figure out some way to have more
more conspiracy theorists not less they
would just label it better and you know
call it entertainment instead of news or
whatever they needed to do but the fact
that the the people who were a problem
for youtube if you added them all
together probably not more than 1% of
their total total revenue and viewership
you know most of youtube is people
looking at
make up tutorials and you know funny
animal stories and you know all kinds of
stuff like that so the the entirety of
all the people who are the politically
problematic ones all of them together
are probably not much of YouTube's
revenue so I think that they have the
ability to maintain their profitability
and still operate in ways that might be
philosophically compatible with them but
not with you meaning that they might
that they might put a little bit more
bias against some groups than others
because because of where their own
political bias starts from so yes the
money I think is over it's always going
to be the biggest variable after
legality so a big corporation is going
to first ask is it legal yeah they have
to ask that and then is it profitable
next and then if you've done both of
those things right or at least as much
as you can do profitability wise then
you might look at the smaller problems
which is a maybe if we put our thumb on
this a little bit we'll get a political
result we want to but so yes thanks for
the question thank you let's take
another caller here and we're gonna go
to bum phone I don't know why I even
decide I'm using no no criteria
whatsoever to decide who to indict here
it's pretty random
color can you hear me what's your name
my name's Matt he met you have a
question for me yes in regard to your
position on women's sports and sports in
general in terms of unfairness so it's
my take that women's sports were created
with that exact intent which is the
great fairness and that they're merely a
subcategory of sports in general not
yours
your sound is fading out I don't know if
other people can hear you but can you
say they get a little bit louder sure
it's my position that Europe your take
on women's sports and regards that
fairness is incorrect that women sports
are a subcategory of sports in general
with the specific intent to institute a
fair game does that change your mind at
all in terms of the fairness aspect of
yours no because even if it's an
objective to create a fair sport it's
not possible because all of the
individual players have wildly different
skill levels now I heard somebody you
say why don't we just do away with the
male-female difference just period if
there's a woman who could make a you
know a top NBA team it's just the top
NBA team it has a woman on it and that's
okay so one of the one solution for the
transgender thing is to just say all
leagues are open but the but you'd have
to go pretty far down the league levels
before you get the first team that's
mostly women and but that would be fine
because if you wanted to watch a sport
there was mostly women you say oh I
guess the a league or whatever is mostly
been but a woman could play there if the
woman who were qualified let's say it's
football and maybe there's a punter or
something was a woman but once you go
down to say the B or the C League and I
don't know how far you'd have to go down
before 15
roll boys are not the best players but
you get to a point where you'd have more
women than men or or maybe men didn't
even want to play on those teams because
they weren't good enough and the only
the only downside is that you know the
locker rooms situation you might need to
need eda men's and women's locker room
but you already have them so I think
that would be fine what my my take on
this is that sports do try to have a
level game so that you don't always know
who's gonna win and they could still do
that and has nothing to do with who is
male and whose female you could always
say well this team's got some men this
one has some women there's some
transgender women on this team and it
just doesn't matter all you're doing is
making sure that the two teams that are
relatively is the same get to play would
that satisfy your fairness III think
men's sports is kind of a misnomer
I think men's sports are sports in which
anybody can compete including women I
don't at women are prevented from
competing in the NFL or NBA to the
extent that they're good enough to play
in those leagues
I think women's sports and age bracket
at sports were created with a specific
intent of creating a fair game and to
interject somebody into those games that
doesn't fit the specific intent which is
fairness in those leagues to me is wrong
it's a corruption of what the intent was
to begin with that's why the rules exist
would you be in favor of a really good
female player on a team of all females
sure I wouldn't know you just you just
said you're not you just said that if a
transgender were on the team it wouldn't
be fair that transgender is by the rules
of society a woman just happens to be
really good but suppose it was not a
transgender it was just a woman who was
just amazingly good is it fair to have
that woman on the team Scott that's a
very very incredible point that you just
made I totally understand now what
you're saying it's it's it's my position
that a woman that has experienced the
monel profile of a man throughout the
entirety of their life is not
necessarily fair but again that's
another arguable point and I and I kind
of kind of see what you're saying now I
think yeah so so I think that I think
actually you people are really sick of
this conversation by the way so you and
I are enjoying this but the audience's
is throwing up an announce and saying
move on move on but I think you hit on
something that will make most of the
audience happy on this because people
pretty much everybody in my audience
hates me for this opinion but let's put
it this way because I think you hit on
the crux of it the problem is not
transgender people competing on the
wrong teams or the right teams or
whatever the problem is that the rules
have not the rules probably needs to be
revised so that you get a better result
so it's not a transgender problem it's
that the rules and the transgender in
the history are a little out of whack
but could easily be fixed so absolutely
that's my take is that as long as
everybody's gaining a fair game and the
audience doesn't know who's gonna win
that's all you need
absolutely okay I think we're pretty
close at this last week all day andrew
yang for trump VP that's it
okay thanks all right we won't talk
about that one again I know it triggers
everybody here so there's no point in
that let's see what dear Ock has to say
do you rock
do you rock can you hear me I can do you
have a question oh thanks for taking my
call yeah I have actually a kind of a
more I guess like hearted question I see
you have boo and a little dog are you a
cat guy or a dog guy oh that's a good
question I would say that I I love them
equally and I've had more cats than dogs
but they are really they're really
different animals the the big difference
between a cat and a dog and I've talked
about this before is that a cat a dog
actually
tries to understand what its owner is
thinking what your intentions are so
your dog will try to sort of read your
mind the same way people try to read
people's mind in the sense that we only
understand what they're doing because
we've taken a good guess about what
they're thinking when they're doing it
the cat doesn't care what your internal
thoughts are the cat is only looking at
what your body is doing and and the
pattern of what your body has done
before so once you realize that the cat
is a sociopath and the dog is an empath
yeah there are completely different
creatures but I love them for their own
their own qualities separately but
thanks for the call oh thank you fact
all right take care
Stu let's do I'm looking for whoever
might be the most dangerous person on
here I want somebody dangerous all right
Geordi abusing totally unscientific
methods to figure out who might be
dangerous Geordi are you there I'm
hoping you have a dangerous question for
me do you have a question a dangerous
question does it have to be okay okay um
I this is a might be a sideways tangent
here how do you square the ideas of your
user interface theories with your lack
of freewill theories they're completely
compatible so one is the the idea that
you can manage your reality if you know
where the user interfaces and the other
is that you have something called free
will but they're not really incompatible
because what whatever our world is if
you don't have free will you're gonna do
what you're gonna do and what you're
going to do might be pushing the human
interface buttons or not so I think
they're completely compatible why would
you think they're incompatible
it sounds like the user-interface
implies a degree of control over your
reality or at least the feeling of it
may be well let's say that you were a
robot driving a car and the robot was
just programmed they had no free will
but it could still operate the the user
interface of the car
so freewill is unnecessary for the robot
in the car and in theory for the same
reason it would be unnecessary if if we
have no free will
we're still going to be pushing those
buttons or not pushing those buttons
just like a robot in the car that makes
sense makes sense this sounds like that
the robot would have a predetermined
path when it's pushing the buttons to
drive the car although the user
interface makes it feel like that we can
determine our own goals but maybe that's
not true
yeah yeah freewill is is a perception
it's your assumption all right thanks
for question thanks got let's see let's
bring on I think
Andy looks dangerous bring it on Andy
Andy could hear me Andy are you there
Andy oh good that were you hanging in
there so this is actually more of a cat
dog type question too in terms of it's
more lighthearted
okay ever been to and by the way I'm the
I'm the comic book artist let's talk to
you a few times or email Oh Andy yes
yeah I've seen you work here your work
is amazing what give us your your URL oh
it's uh Andy Smith art at.com Andy Smith
art at what no it's just Andy Smith art
com.com
yeah you do you do primarily a comic
book art right yeah yeah I've been
drawing comic books since 1991 yeah I
saw you I saw you a web page it's
phenomenal you're very talented so if
anybody's looking for that sort of thing
go to his website alright what's your
what's your question Andy have you ever
gone to comic-con uh I did
I think I did once
yeah I did once and I did it as a wait
was it comic-con
yeah I did a book signing at one it was
it was quite a zoo and it was scary and
I think pretty much nobody showed up for
my book signing
do you remember how long ago that was uh
five years ago ten years ago so about
that the only reason I ask that is
because it was I was trying to trying to
gauge on popularity of Dilbert at the
time like if it was in the beginning
when like a first book came out it might
be like oh who's this guy but I you know
five years ago or so I think I I believe
I believe I did I did it twice once was
when I was at the height of the comic
book fame and there were lines as long
as you could see and then once maybe
five plus years ago whenever it was and
I literally had zero people like I I was
just a book signing was standing by
myself and and nobody came which by the
way is not that unusual I've had lots of
book signings where I had lines around
the block but other ones where literally
nobody came and sometimes there's no
real explaining it but yes it probably
won't be going to another one well you
could represent me I'll do that all
right thanks Andy take care but let's
see we're gonna take Heather
Heather coming at you if our technology
works but it looks like it's Heather
I do you have a question for me Dolan
and the kids were in the car and the dad
chased him down and caught him in
traffic and beat him up so bad that he
died in the hospital later yeah I
understand some other people joined in
the beating so I just feel sorry for
that guy and imagine how scared he was
in the raid you probably couldn't
control himself yeah yeah imagine how
you'd feel if you saw somebody drive off
with with your little kids in the car
and you don't know if you'll ever see
those kids again yeah
and then you run after him and he
literally ran after the car but the car
has stopped in traffic and he dragged
him out and by the time he was done
other people had joined in and they
literally beat the guy to death and my
understanding is no charges are filed
not yet I haven't heard of him yet and
and and even if you know can you imagine
yourself being on that jury and let's
say the prosecutor has decided to get
tough and they said you know you didn't
really need to finish him off because
once you got him out of the car you were
sort of done but killing him was going
too far so we're gonna have to charge
you with murder
put me on that trial put me in that jury
you're not going to get a conviction
right right and any any psychologist
right is gonna order a dress is gonna
say the rage blinds you thank you yeah
you know and and I'd be sitting on the
jury and not just be saying I don't care
I I don't care that you could have
stopped I don't care that you know maybe
somebody else should have stopped you I
don't know I don't care I literally
don't care then he killed that guy and
there's not there's nothing that you
could say or do there would make me
convict that guy if I were on the jury
it just wouldn't happen if somebody
steals a car for only your kids and the
father finds you and kills you
that's the end of the story
there's nothing else to that story
except a good job dad that's right
exactly hooray the kids were unharmed no
you do
all right I see a lot of stars coming in
because people just loves the violence
alright let's let's go to Tom Tom you're
gonna be coming at me in a second here
Tom can you hear me Tom Tom Tom Tom you
there hello are you there Tom good do
you have a question for me
oh I love that question that's a
diabolical question what do I like the
most
what do I like the most about being me
now are you saying in terms of my
personality or character or just about
my life yeah I'd say it's more your life
the way you have to the prayer your time
and what do you look for all right I
like that question maybe the rest of the
audience will care less about hearing
about my personal stuff but I like
talking about me so thanks thanks for
asking at the moment you're catching me
at probably just this wonderful golden
age in my life meaning that a lot of
things would go in my way I've already
made my money I'm having tremendous fun
doing this periscope stuff talking about
persuasion I've got a new book coming
out in November if you've if you've ever
seen pictures of Kristina my girlfriend
you know that that part of my life is
going sensationally and we're you know
we get along great
life is good and I get to I'll give you
an example I woke up this morning
without my alarm which is the way I wake
up almost every day I wake up whenever I
wake up I get my cup of coffee and I
feel great I mean I wake up feeling
great no you know I have to have my
first sip of coffee to feel really great
and then I think to myself I think I'll
look at the news and then I look at the
news that are all these amusing stories
that I want to talk about but of course
it's you know it's 7 a.m. by the time I
start these periscopes and my times up
and I haven't really talked to any human
beings who were away cuz I'm just in my
own home in my my office here and I so
look forward to hitting hitting the
start button for a periscope so that I
could connect with all of you people I
absolutely love it and I wouldn't do any
of this except for how much I enjoy it
you know that that's the overarching
thing so my morning is terrific and when
I'm doing work work I'm doing something
like writing comics that I'm good at so
it doesn't hurt I'm drawing which I like
it's you know I can watch TV while I'm
doing it and I have to tell you that
this this specific phase of my life is
so rewarding it's almost indescribable
because at this point I have a few books
out that people have found are changing
their lives so a typical day several
people will contact me social media or
other ways to tell me that usually it's
usually in my book
had to fail at almost everything and
still win big and they'll say the the
book changed their life they lost they
lost you know 40 80 pounds they got a
new job they you know everything's
working out they're healthier and you
have no idea how good that feels because
I put a lot of work and sweat into that
book and now exactly as I planned
it's starting to pay off in terms of the
the results that people are reporting so
that's just amazing the way it feels
just to be helpful and you know when
Bigley I get the same kind of comments
etc and when I'm doing these periscopes
I'm trying to be useful that's the sort
of the one word that guides what I do
just try to be useful you know I've
taken care of my own my own needs I
don't I don't have a lot that I need
personally I've got that pretty much
dialed in at this point so anytime I can
make somebody else's life a little bit
better whether I'm you know helping
build Pulte on the blight Authority or
on his Twitter philanthropy giveaway or
if I'm giving somebody some life advice
or if I'm helping clarify something in
politics just feels tremendously good
but I also think that I have some you
know there's a Spider Man saying about
with with great response know with great
power comes great responsibility
yeah the and I actually
I actually live that philosophy because
I'm in a position where a lot of people
will watch my periscopes and pay
attention and like ants playing with my
microphone here sorry
and no boo stop it go away and because I
have a unique voice in terms of my
window on persuasion and I can predict
things and frame them in productive ways
I find that of a productive part of the
conversation on a national level in that
I can see my influence working its way
through the system by the way here's the
question for those of you still here how
many of you have seen my influence
express itself in the larger world I'd
be interested in your comments if you
have any examples I'd like to see them
there are the things that you've seen me
influence in the larger world that you
can identify pretty accurately I'm
seeing a lot of yeses go by in the
comments
good because that's that's what I'm
trying to do I'm trying to add something
positive and I think I hope you I hope
you'd agree that I try to add some AUSA
tivity try to give you some some
optimism give you some techniques teach
you about systems now goals put things
and frames that are useful and make you
understand the world so what I'm doing
that stuff is just amazingly rewarding
so to answer your question I would say
the best thing about being me is that I
have the sensation of a successful life
arc and the way I explain that is that
when you're born you're born perfectly
selfish and you should because you're a
baby you know somebody else needs to
give you milk etc but as you get older
you can start taking on some jobs maybe
you're a teenager you can help Mo's long
but she's still got to take care of
yourself go to school learn how to be a
good adult someday maybe you have some
kids and you're giving more to the kids
than you are to yourself and then I'm at
that part of my life arc where I've
taken care of myself and those closest
to me and now I'm trying to trying to
expand that helpfulness the usefulness
to the larger system and as you saw in
the comments apparently I'm having some
success because those of you in the
audience can actually see the impact on
the larger world in real time you can
actually see things I suggest become
part of the real world in 24 hours and
you've probably seen it a number of
times so I almost can't even express how
gratifying that is and somebody in the
comments just said you literally make my
life better and when I hear and Thank
You Erica and when I hear stuff like
that that's that's my fuel well it makes
me feel like I'm exactly where I should
be in terms of my biological nature my
social purpose the meaning of life all
of those things are coming together
right really well and a lot of it
is is more rewarding because all of you
who are watching this are part of part
of the process in other words the only
reason that anything I do can have an
impact on the larger world is because of
how many of you are watching this
periscope right now without that you
know if three people watched the
periscope I wouldn't do it but because
anywhere from I would say between
YouTube and the podcast and stuff let's
say sorry my cats getting in the action
anywhere from fifty to hundred thousand
people probably watch a typical
periscope and and that means that it's
enough people with enough enough clout
then if I come up with any idea that's
worthy of looking into I can be sure
that there will be somebody on that
periscope who took you seriously and
said huh I think I will think about that
a little differently and alway that away
that option so thank you for the
question
that was my long answer but there was an
excellent question I appreciate that all
right thank you yeah let's take one more
I'm gonna take Oh let's see who we've
got here let's just go for a round
feeder if I'm pronouncing your name
correctly for on V Eric and you hear me
I can did I pronounce your name anywhere
close to accurate that was very good
actually you can also call me in Perham
okay as you know plans for about 20
years and there's literally one thing
I've ever disagreed with you on so let's
see how if I contain your mind you can
change mine okay unfortunately it's on
the transgender in women's sports
question the thing I disagree with you
on is when you start talking about the
topic you spend some time on it pushing
back on Twitter I think you spend about
two three days and then there was a
periscope where you said hey I pushed
back enough now people who are
disagreeing with me are just you know
biased or racist against
transgender people so that specific
thing is what I disagree with you on I
think you call that a little bit early I
think people just oppose you because
they want sports to be fun and if you
put a transgender woman on a female team
it stops being fun for them right and
said I thought you called that one a
little bit early well there's no two
situations or two people alike so it
could be true that there are people who
are operating from their bias and then
they're rationalizing you know they're
starting with the bias that they're they
just don't feel right about it and then
they're saying well there must be a
reason I guess the reason is fairness
and my point is that because the
fairness is a real issue but so solvable
that it's not a real issue in other
words it's a fake because meaning that
when people say they want sports to be
fair and they're adding a transgender
athlean make something unfair that part
is true but so solvable and so trivial
that it makes me think that the real
reason is something something deeper now
keep in mind that my view of the world
is that all of our reasons are
rationalizations you know sometimes if
we have no if we have no emotional
connection to the topic well then we can
be rational so if you're balancing your
checkbook you're just doing math there's
no opinion no feeling about it you can
be rational about that but when you're
deciding who to marry where to work what
you think about politics what you think
about the transgender athletes any of
those topics go right to your biological
emotional self and the normal way that a
person would react is to react
emotionally first form an opinion and
then after the opinion is formed make up
some total BS explanation now in this
case the total BS explanation is a
hundred percent logical what you're
saying there adding adding somebody
who's especially good you know
transgender
woman Steve that that would create a
sense of unfairness true it would cause
you as the the audience to perhaps like
it less true it would cause somebody on
the team who otherwise would have been
having a better you know spot on the
team
might cause them to lose their spot true
all of those things are true and they
can still not be the reason so my view
of the world is that all of those things
can be technically accurate but if you
were at if you were to add them all up
they end up they add up to a peanut they
add up to a you know a grain of salt
they're true they're completely trivial
but in our minds we've blown them up to
something bigger than the arts and one
of the best evidences of that is I hear
people say hey I think that if you allow
transgender athletes to compete there
will be a whole bunch of men who are not
even really transgender who are
pretending to be transgender because
they'll get an advantage in sports to
which I say okay there's your tell
that's the tell for this not being an
actual rational response because I don't
think we're gonna have a national
problem with men pretending to be women
to win as sports I just don't think
that's anything to worry about
sure there might be one and it will be a
fun story and some people will be
annoyed and that's what makes it fun but
it's never gonna be a big problem and as
other caller said if there is some
momentary imperfection and the you know
how equal the teams are it can all be
easily fixed because you could you could
re you could reconfigure the rules so
that everybody can play on every team
you could make new levels so that
everybody's got a level they could play
on and the level that's inappropriate
it's normal business for sports to try
to make adjustments as things get
unequal so the most normal thing in
sports is that when it starts getting
less fun they'll change something so
this didn't work out was to add a new
rule
let's let's let's fix this so we can
never decide you and I whether your
decisions whether the way you're
thinking about it is the the rational
reason and the rational reasons are that
all that mattered to you
or if you were triggered by an
irrational sort of reaction to it and
then you rationalized it with things
that are true those things are true
there would be some problems there would
be some inequality there would be some
people who would be worse off but
because they're true it doesn't make
them important that's the difference now
let me just put a cap on this I had a
little journey myself with this topic
because my first reaction was same as
yours which is hahaha this isn't any
fair you can't put them on this team
this will be inequality bah bah bah bah
bah and there was a point where I
realized that my reasons weren't real
reasons that I was just reacting and of
these these the transgender athletes are
not what I'm used to it's not it's not
what I'm adapted to thinking about it's
just out of my comfort zone and that I
was making up reasons to justify why
something was making me uncomfortable
but the moment that I realized that the
problem was me that my discomfort is not
the way you should organize sports then
I was free to say ok if you added all
these good reasons together and I'm
gonna say that all of your reasons are
good every one of them is solid if you
say adding the transgender athlete will
cause some inequality true true will
somebody try to cheat in the whole world
over time true somebody's going to try
it all of it together isn't very
important because you could have made
the same argument about integrating the
you know remember there was the same
conversation with black athletes not too
many decades ago we were having the same
conversation well you can't can't add
black
athletes to professional sports look
look at all the problems that's gonna
cause you know that there were a racist
saying that not too many decades ago in
my lifetime and so what I the
realization I had was that my feeling
about transgender athletes probably was
very much like some bigot from decades
ago who started with the this is a bad
idea and then rationalized why it must
be true and and we've seen of course
that black athletes dominate most of
professional sports so everything that
everybody thought about that was just
completely wrong all right
we're losing all our audience I'm going
to thank you for the call and I'm going
to sign off now and thanks everybody for
joining me and we'll talk less about
transgender issues in the future because
I know it triggers everybody bye for now