everybody here locals in the house
Rumble I see you there how about YouTube
YouTube in the house yet I think you'll
be here in a moment yeah there we go
video's on we're good to
[Music]
go well good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure there's
never been a better time in your life
but if you'd like to take it up to the
levels that nobody can even understand
with their smooth tiny human brains all
you need is a cuper muger a glass of
tankered cheler Stein a Canen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind chilling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure it's the dope being here of the
day thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now go
ah now I remind you if you're new that
this simultaneous STP is designed
specifically to be a stalling tactic
because it's a live
show the only purpose for it is to make
sure that you're all here otherwise I
would just jump into it so if you missed
the simultaneous zip you did it
perfectly because that's the part you're
supposed to miss while you're getting
ready to get in here okay so miss it or
get
it you're a winner either way two ways
to win no way to
lose well uh there's a study from the
University uh conducted by New York
University and professors and they found
out that uh 83% of people hear a voice
when they read usually their own
voice and the rest do
not I didn't know that was even an
option did you know it's an option not
to hear your own voice when you read how
do you not hear your own voice all
day let's see in the comments all day
long I hear my own voice talking to me
in my head in words complete
sentences and it's an ongoing
conversation as if it's it's almost like
one person talking to itself or
something but everything I think I think
in words when I see a new thing I put it
into the words I would use to describe
it to another and the way I do that is I
have my inner voice try to figure out
how to describe describe it to the rest
of me so basically I'm always in a
continuous loop of my inner voice
describing in words to me what I'm
saying so that later when I want to
describe it to someone else I'll just
use those words because it's already
been described to me those words that's
not what you hear I think most of you
hear some version of that right I don't
even know how you could read without
hearing it or let me say it another way
for me reading is
listening so when I the trouble with
audio books that I have is that they're
both audio books if I read it myself
read the words on the page it gets
translated into an inner voice that's
like an audio and then I just listen to
the audio as my eyes are looking at the
stuff in the page so to me it's always
an audio book it's either audio book or
audio book it's all that's the only
thing there
is but the real audio books uh are
slow if I'm reading I'm hearing it also
but I'm hearing it really
fast anyway so last night I had a
interesting conversation with chat
GT and I wondered if it was aware of
what a RP are is r u p a r named after
Aaron rupar and it does it it defined a
rupar as a misleading edit and then I
said can you give me some examples of
rupar misleading edits in political news
in the last several years so I wanted to
just keep it to recent things and did so
I came up with an example of of
something now it happened to be an
example where the rupar was uh done by
Republicans on Democrats and I thought
oh that's funny I invented the word I
mean literally I came up with rupar as
the name for this
technique and first of all I'm not
mentioned so chat GPT doesn't know I'm
the author of rupar the word but that's
fine but I did think that since it was
invented specifically to describe
Democrat hoaxes against Republicans that
if someone were going to give me an
example of one it would be one of those
examples where the Democrats HS the
Republican but I'm also for fair play so
if it's going to give me you know both
sides I think that's totally fair
because of course it does work both ways
so I gave me some democrat example I'd
heard before I thought okay that's
actually a good example but so I asked
for another one and by coincidence it
gives me another Democrat example
something where it was applied trick was
used on
Democrats so I asked for a third one and
it was another Democrat example and so I
asked for a fourth one and it was
another Democrat example four examples
in a row where the bad Republicans
edited something to make those poor
Democrats look bad so I as for another
one and it gave me five in a
row all Democrat
examples so I asked for a sixth example
because I wondered how long it would go
before it gave me one one example that
was applied to the
Republicans and finally it gave me one
now I want to see if you can
guess which Republican it says was uh
targeted by a rupar which Republican
name the
Republican let's see if you can get this
one right because it's going to make you
laugh so there only one Republican that
pointed out uh a national level name
something you've heard of uh um you're
right how did you do that the answer is
Romney Romney was the only Republican
example like you get the 47% thing you
they said oh that 47% thing was taken
out of
context now is it a
coincidence that the only example it
could come up with not the most famous
examples in the world such as the fine
people hoax which is you know the most
Central hoax of the entire country
nope now how much of that do you think
was
programmed and how much of that is just
the natural way it would go if it
trained on the material that's publicly
available don't know but I certainly
don't trust
it well uh Elon Musk on the xplatform
said he thought that RFK Jr should be
invited to the debates RFK Jr replied to
must saying would you host the debate
and Elon said
yes now that doesn't mean it's going to
happen
but I I just love these two guys I just
love Elon Musk and love RFK Jr even when
I don't agree with them so I think I
almost always agree with musk but even
if I don't agree with RFK Jr I do
believe that both of these men are
completely
oriented toward what's good for the
country in their View and now you could
disagree on what's good for the country
but I think these are two real people
real people doing real things and you
should pay more attention to them and
less attention to people who are
 that's what I think now I don't
think this debate will happen because I
can't imagine Biden
agreeing but I think Trump would agree
uh my guess is that Trump would agree
immediately
I don't know there's a another creepy
Biden uh video he's out of speech I saw
Mario Noel reporting on this on X and
this is something that that Biden just
said in
public imagine if anyone else had ever
said
this it's going to blow your mind that
the president of the United States said
these words in public just yesterday I
guess
he said uh young men this is some advice
some relationship advice young men marry
you into a family with five or more
daughters you know why and then he leans
in he goes one of them will always love
you and then he said that's what he did
because Jill
has four
sisters um what does that mean
what does that mean that one of them
will always love you how am I supposed
to interpret that other than he just
told the world he wants to bang his
wife's
sisters did did you hear it differently
I think he just went in public and said
you know hey let me give you some
relationship advice you want to date
date a woman who's got sisters because
if it doesn't work out with a sister or
you know let's say she's on her period
or something you got a good chance of
banging the
sisters and I'm
thinking that really happened I mean not
in those words
obviously but we watched that happen in
real time now what I love about this is
you can get used to
anything we've gotten used to Biden to
the point
where it's just more of
it there's just more of it and at the
same time you know it reminds you of uh
his son hundra Biden dating his uh
brother's
widow like huh maybe that should be the
advice too make sure your brother
marries somebody that you'd be willing
to sleep with you know just in case
something happens to
him so be
convenient so relationship advice from
the bidens maybe you should seek another
source well ABC new new says on X the
Biden Administration is cancelling
student loans for another 160,000
borrowers through a combination of
existing programs huh that's an
interesting choice of word cancelling
student loans so I guess I guess the
debt just
disappeared that's good isn't that great
that nobody owns owes that money just
disappeared how lucky I wish he could do
that to all of my debt too well I don't
have much debt but if I did I wish he
could make it go away and nobody would
have to pay it that's the great
thing or is the headline complete
propaganda
because with my business experience I
would have described this otherwise I
would have said the Biden Administration
is transferring the transferring the
loans from people who got the benefit
from the loans to people who did
not cuz that's what just
happened the debt was transferred from
the people who got the benefit of the
debt you know they got the education and
they're transferring the debt to the
people who got no
benefit that's what happened so why do
we talk about this as canceling debt
because your your news media are a bunch
of
garbage no nothing got cancelled it got
transferred to you
it got transferred to people who didn't
benefit from it now you could argue
separately whether it's a good idea or a
bad idea but don't but don't piss in my
head and tell me it's water you know
just just call it what it is if you're
going to defend it call it what it is
we'd like you to pay off the debt that
these other people acquired now believe
it or not I could actually be talked
into it if you were just honest to me
and said you know what we would be
moving the debt from the people who took
it on to the people who you know did not
benefit but here's the argument the
argument is that the system changed and
young people were brainwashed into this
debt and they were not really capable of
making these decisions maybe didn't know
what they were getting into and were
just unburying people who were sort of
victimized by the system if you gave me
that argument you could actually sell me
on that you could sell me on that
because I do believe that brainwashing
and propaganda and um you know the the
forces of society are especially strong
on children the same argument that I say
we should cancel Tik Tock is because
young people are too susceptible to
brainwashing so if you if you want me to
be consistent just take that argument
over to the loans and sayl if you
believe that young brains are too easily
brainwashed that you'd be willing to get
rid of Tik Tok which is you know a risk
to um free speech we all agree on that
if if you would take that risk to free
speech to get rid of Tik Tock because
young brains are too susceptible why
would you be okay that they were
brainwashed into taking on debt that
they couldn't pay
back it's it's an argument it is an
argument now you you could certainly
push back and say but that's the way the
world works I shouldn't pay for other
people's mistakes right wouldn't you
prefer that you don't pay for people's
mistakes right we all prefer that let
people make their own mistakes and
everybody's responsible and the system
works better but you're aware that we
routinely do this we routinely ensure
each other against our own worst
impulses take for example
Healthcare Health Care is where people
who don't do bad things to themselves
are Subs izing the health care for the
people who are take Taking terrible Life
Choices every day well my health care
cost would be half if everybody took
care of themselves as much as I
do is that fair you know my my body
weight is my ideal weight and I'm watch
my diet and I exercise and I don't drink
alcohol right if everybody did at least
that and maybe you could do more my cost
would be happy
but I'm not really arguing about it
every day because I kind of like the
freedom that people can do bad things to
themselves sometimes and maybe a little
bit of
social you know umbrella support
couldn't be the worst thing in the world
so you can make the case but not the way
they're doing it if they're going to
piss on my head and call it rain then I
say no call it what it is call it what a
 is and then we'll have the
conversation and you might actually talk
me into it but don't lie to me that's
just a hard
no uh there's more reports that the uh
the Biden is looking to further drain
off our national gas reserves I guess
this uh latest big Bill had tucked into
it somewhere that uh there's a provision
to sell off and shutter the Northeast
gasoline Supply Reserve so instead of
refilling it they're just going to close
it and not refill it now there's
probably another there's probably
another part of the story I'm not
hearing there's probably something like
we didn't think we need it because of X
Y or
Z but without that part the why did you
think this was a good idea to close
these then uh it just looks like he's
draining them to lower gas prices a
little bit with no regard to National
Defense it
looks like a terrible idea but I'd be
open to further reporting that changed
the context so I'm open to this being
fake news I don't know
yet well as you know clous Schwab the
the guy who dresses like an evil villain
the head of the world economic Forum he
step down and I saw one report that says
Tony Blair might be the likely person to
uh take over the job Tony Blair now I
don't know a ton about Tony Blair the
only thing I know is
I is he not implicated in every um bad
thing that the government's done in 20
years is his reputation such that you'd
say yeah we'd trust that guy yeah let's
put Tony Blair in charge of this big
world affecting organization I don't
know doesn't look
ideal according to rason polling company
42% of Voters think it is at least
somewhat likely the CIA was involved in
JFK's
assassination 42% of the country I think
it's at least somewhat
likely that the Kennedy was taken out by
the CIA now I'm in that group uh I'm in
the group that says they were probably
at least aware of it or supportive of it
might have been others it might have
been you know Mafia but uh I think our
people were maybe a little helpful
that's what I think but rasmon points
out that 42% of Voters is uh
substantially more than the total number
who will vote for Biden so at this point
in time there are more adult voters in
the country who think it's somewhat
likely the CIA killed Kennedy than there
are people willing to vote for
Biden now normally you wouldn't compare
those two things because they're just
sort of different stories but somehow
that works that that that comparison
actually feels like it's telling me
something
useful all right well uh rapper actor 50
Cent who I call
fitty um somehow he's selling a a p didy
documentary to Netflix and there was
some big massive bidding war and the the
name the name of the documentary of
course uh is tentatively titled did he
do it did he do it come on we all use
that one but it's a good title now the
question I ask is how much does fitty
really know about Diddy does fitty
really know about Diddy so sort of a
fitty ditty
situation and will this documentary be
dumb or not could it be a fitt didty
dumb
situation no
could it
be uh could it be that they were both
involved in some sexual exploits and
then it would be a fitty Diddy
diddling I don't know I have many many
questions about this but the biggest
question is why would 50 Cent even have
enough information about this one other
person that he could sell a
documentary so I got questions but I'm
very curious about
it one of the questions is doesn't this
violate some kind of rapper
code like you I haven't spent much time
on the
streets but have I been lied to that uh
narking out on somebody is a bad
idea H how how does 50 cents survive
this can can you live in that
world in which let's say you're you know
one level away from the people who say
they're the street you know even though
he's a famous rich guy now um can you
survive in that world if you call out
somebody else's crimes in that
world I I feel like there's something I
don't quite understand about the story
yet it's there's a there's a missing
piece or two about this why this is even
happening and now there's some former
model and winner of MTV's 1998 model
show Crystal Kenny McKinny and she says
that coms drugged her and then forced
her to perform oral sex on him uh two
decades ago when she was
22 and she met him at Men's Fashion
Week you know I'm not going to make any
assumptions about the truth of any of
the
claims because on one hand you know if
he's guilty of these things you would
expect this kind of story to surface on
the other hand if he were guilty of
nothing and remember innocent till
proven guilty this one's going to be a
tough one because there you know in in
all likelihood there'll be lots of
reports of things I'm going to try to
maintain innocent till proven guilty on
this one just to keep my standard clean
you know I don't like to vary from that
standard but I would also point out that
if nothing
happened what would it sound like if she
went to his apartment willingly had a
bunch of drugs
that she knew she was
taking and then performed some sexual
acts and then felt bad about it the next
day how would that look material
materially different than uh he drugged
her and forced her to perform oral sex
it's going to be really it's going to be
really tough to to prove the drugged and
forced part 20 years ago so I don't know
I would say that you should not you
should not assume the credibility of the
accusers is greater than the credibility
of the accused they all sort of come
from the same world if you know what I
mean is is people who traveled in a
certain kind of world and I wouldn't
find any of them credible basically
basically none of them are credible now
I'm not defending didy right that's not
my job and the allegations are
horrifying so it's not my job
I'm just saying I live in a country
where innocent till proven guilty still
mean something and don't assume that the
accusers are more credible than the
accused they might be but don't assume
it well moms Across America is a group
that among other things I guess they're
testing the our food supply in this
country to make sure it's safe they
tested 20 brands of baby food and found
that 100% of them were filled with toxic
aluminum and
lead and 80% of them had levels higher
than the EPA allows for drinking
water so we're poisoning all our
babies which leads me to this question
in a related
topic uh what do pickle ball and
American men have in common go pickle
ball and American men what do they have
in common I'll give you five
seconds two one pickle ball and American
men have in common they both have
plastic balls because it turns out
there's a whole bunch of microplastic in
men's
balls
um and uh it apparently it's just an
everything there basically just all
kinds of crap in our in our bowls so
it's coming from plastic uh
bottles and it's coming from the
environment and you know I saw some tips
on how to avoid it you
can't basically it's just everywhere now
there's just plastic and everything now
yeah here's the one that really made me
give up because I say to myself oh if
you tell me what I shouldn't eat or
drink I will immediately not eat or
drink those things just for abundance of
caution but it turns out if you drank an
of a uh aluminum can it turns out that
the interior of the aluminum can is
plastic did you know that how many if
you knew that the interior of an
aluminum can is plastic so you're going
to get plastic from aluminum you're
going to get plastic from the Water
Source itself you going to get plastic
from a plastic bottle apparently we're
just full of plastic so the plastic is
in our balls and we can't make babies
because of
it literally
literally um let's
see what else uh I saw a report that uh
a few Chinese billionaires are some of
the major funders of the protrans
movement in the United
States they are however completely
silent on the issue in China because
China has none of this trans business
they they only like to promote manly you
know masculine things and so the
thinking is that this is not an accident
it's part of the you know the the
allegation is as part of the total war
that uh allegedly China is performing
against the United States and that Total
War would mean doing every kind of
persuasion and you know little thing you
can do in every domain to hurt the
other
and I don't I'm not going to say that
that sounds totally right to
me but I don't have another reason to
understand why Chinese
billionaires are funding trans movements
in the United States it does sound like
it's being done for bad
reasons Maybe not maybe they're just
real Forward Thinking people and they
can't do their thing in China so they do
it in America hoping it would spread but
I doubt it there there's no indication
they have any trans family members or
any connection to the community it looks
like it's War so if you kept wondering
why in the world am I hearing so much
trans stuff all the time well it might
be coming from the organizations funded
by two Chinese billionaires and it might
be coming from Tik Tock owned by
China I think that's probably the answer
so if you wonder we were all thinking
hey you know maybe it's just a slippery
slope you know at one point people said
all right we won't kill you for being
gay and then it went to
all right well we'll tolerate you as
long as you don't get married all right
you can get married but just you know
don't don't make me bake a cake all
right we'll bake a cake you know but
maybe not in that store and so a lot of
you thought well the trans is just where
it ends up it's just a slippery slope
but it could be that that slippery slope
is really China just pushing people down
a hill it might be no slippery slope at
all it might be just China making us
focus on it because it's divisive
and makes us weaker perhaps they think I
don't know if any of that's true but
it's definitely plausible enough that I
would treat it as
true all
right
likewise uh we're hearing today that the
EPA has some gigantic amount of funds uh
and there they've gave some of it 50
million of it recently to The Climate
Justice Alliance now that sounds good
it's the
EPA and they fund entities that will do
good things for the environment and the
climate Justice Alliance well that
sounds
great so so that's good news right the
EPA funding one of these useful entities
called the climate Justice Alliance
because you know I like climate Justice
I like the climate I like justice and
alliances are good too I like everything
about those three words and when you put
them together I mean it's irresistible
climate Justice Alliance that's
everything I
like I mean now that my balls are made
of plastic that's all I like but it
turns out that uh this climate Justice
Alliance and maybe some others that are
getting money from the government uh
have a very
anti-israel uh bent to
them but the bigger
problem than the fact that we're
literally funding people to try to
destroy the you know alliances of the
United States and Israel I suppose um
the bigger problem is apparently we
don't know where our money
goes how about that how about the fact
that we just figured out that we were
funding
massively entities that are
anti-us interests
massively and apparently there's a lot
of
it so I would say at the very least
somebody like a trump
should be saying we're going to put some
Auditors in and if you can't explain
where your money went to last time you
don't get any
more I mean it's got to be something
like that you tell us where you spent it
last time we gave you money oh you can't
okay that's it that's the end of it
period and it might it might cut off you
know vital important Services good you
got to do it you don't have a choice if
people can't tell you where they're
spending it you can never give them
money again and it doesn't matter if
they were using it for good purposes you
got to keep the system intact because if
the old system falls apart doesn't
matter how smart you
are yeah so if you can't account for it
you can't get more money
period up in Portland let's talk about
the slippery slope you know how uh crime
just kept getting worse and worse and
you thought well that's a slippery slope
and it's just going to turn into a
hellscape
well I always tell you that a better way
to think of things than the slippery
slope is inertia and then counter
forces things will always move in the
direction they're moving until something
stops it so here's what's happening in
Portland they had a massive problem with
car theft because the government had
completely
failed so the slippery slope would
suggest well there goes Portland it
basically it's over it's just going to
get worse and worse crime until nobody
lives there and it's a dead City but
instead that inertia is being countered
by a blocking force it turns out in
Portland Portland there's a fairly large
organization of volunteers who go and
look for stolen
cars so I guess they have a list of
stolen cars somehow and they just go
around and look for them as a hobby and
they've got just tons of people
uh 20,000
members the 20,000 people are on the
lookout for stolen cars and when they
find one they have some kind of Facebook
group they'll say here's your stolen car
here's a picture of it and then you can
go get it back you just take your spare
key and just go drive it
home if nobody catches you I guess
so why not more of that if if we have
let me put it this way in theory we've
got all these uh public cameras
everywhere could you not program at
least the ones that street level where
you can pick up a license
plate don't you think people should just
drive around with like a a Google Camera
360 camera on their car simply drive
through the city every night and uh have
the cameras automatically check every
license plate and then
automatically uh compare the license
plates to the stolen car list and then
automatically send an email with the
location immediately no delay
immediately to the owner of the
car how about that you could actually
build you could build a self-driving
Tesla all right Elon here's what I want
Elon Musk the Teslas have cameras all
over them get yourself a self-driving
car that simply does a grid like a
Roomba on the city every night it
literally just goes boom boom boom boom
boom up and down every street
photographs every license plate and then
automatically tells you where all the
stolen cars are
parked how about
that well we might have seen something
like that well you know that judge
merchan who's the judge in the case with
Trump and the stormmy Daniels payments
Etc according to his attorney Alina
habba uh this judge was somehow randomly
selected I guess that's how judges are
selected they're they're chosen randomly
so there's no bias and this one judge
was randomly selected to handle the
Steve Bannon case randomly selected to
handle the alen weiselberg case and then
randomly selected to handle Trump's
case that's exactly what it looks like
yeah it's corrupt it's
rigged now you tell me
tell me uh I'm watching this case in New
York and tell me that the 2020 election
was not
rigged let Let's do let's do the one
story just right after the other and see
if you can uh not look like a
idiot okay yes it's true we're all
observing that massive lawfare is being
used against Trump and indeed something
that our system would never allow under
normal circumstances but it's not a
normal Circ circumstance they're trying
to stop Hitler from rising to office
they say they say it's Hitler so they're
doing it right in front of us and
they're using every trick that they can
get away with and some that they're not
getting away with it's all illegal it's
all obviously corrupt right in front of
us but the 2020
election just great yeah oh aren't we
lucky aren't we lucky that the same
 people who are doing the lawfare
right in front of you the same
people who said the laptop was Russian
information the same people who
brought you the Russia collusion hoes
the same people who brought
brought you the fine people hoax and the
other hoaxes the they're the ones doing
the lawfare and they're the ones you're
going to tell me you going to look in my
face and tell me uh but the 2020
election was good
yeah no you're seeing 500 pieces of
 corruption on one legal case in
front of us so bad that even the
Democrats are saying um no no you can't
you can't even sell dtz on this case
right now he he I shouldn't say even
sell them he he's the one who actually
looks at evidence unlike most of the
world he actually looks at the evidence
and the
law no every one of us see what's
happening
and as long as this is going on you
don't have any right to criticize
anybody who says 2020 it was rigged the
the laware is proof it was
rigged to my mind now it's not a legal
proof but it's a logical proof so it's
not a scientific proof in other words
you found some evidence and and it's not
a legal proof as in you proved it in
court but if it's true that the same bag
of cats would do this lawfare right in
front of you then it's obviously true
they rigged the
election it's obviously true I don't
know how but do you think the fact that
I don't know how has anything to do with
whether it happened of course not of
course not yeah now whether they rigged
it enough that it made a difference I
haven't seen that evidence so I haven't
seen an Evidence that's proof
but of course they tried of course they
tried I just don't know how well they
did
it all right let's talk about all the
hoaxes we'll get to Bill Mah and what
the hell is wrong with him in a bit um
so apparently we know now from a
document that has been
available that uh just became available
that the FBI when they authorized the
raid on maralago to get those boxes back
had in their document authorizing it
um and Order uh allowing deadly
force allowing deadly force which causes
many Trump supporters to say wait a
minute was that really just an
assassination plan were you planning to
just go in there and look for trouble
and start blazing
away well it didn't take long for the uh
for the FBI to say um we just negotiated
in advance
all they did was call the Secret Service
and say hey we're planning to go in here
are you cool with that yes uh are you
going to try to stop us
no uh can we arrange this so that you
know we meet and everything's safe yes
and then they arranged it so everything
was safe and everybody knew what was
happening and there were no
surprises now I'm going to call this one
a
hoax because their claim is that it's
stand procedure just boiler plate they
you leave it in there if they're going
to carry
guns they're all armed right if they're
going to carry guns there should be a
document or at least a standing order
that says they what under what
conditions they can use them if the
document just has some boiler plate that
says yeah if you need to use your gun
use your gun that's not really changing
anything is it do do you think they were
going to do this without guns it's the
FBI they always have guns
they're not going without
guns so you need some rule that says
when do you use the guns and they just
have a regular rule that says if you
need them you can use them so so but I'm
seeing in the comments that Bon Gino
says it's not
standard the fact that they
negotiated with the Secret Service ahead
a time and the fact that nobody drew a
Gun there's there's no indication
anybody brandished weapon right if
nobody brandished a
weapon and they negotiated in
advance I know I I have a hard time
believing that you know the plan was to
kill
him here's what I do think I do think if
it had been somebody else they would
have taken that out of
there will you meet me halfway if it had
been someone
else another ex-president they probably
would have said oh we should just Del
this because there's no way we're going
to start
shooting but it does it does maybe tell
you a mindset but it also might be just
an oversight and standard procedure and
stuff so let's wait to hear from Dan
banino and the people who know more than
I do but I think it's probably a little
overdone that there's probably something
halfway true meaning that the people who
did the documents wouldn't mind at all
if he got
shot
maybe but I don't know that it was the
actual plan
that's going too
far well Glenn Greenwall tells us how
this Newsweek uh deal may have worked
and uh Mike covich gives us a little
more color on this so I guess Newsweek
had this fake news recently that went
viral claiming that tuu car Carson
Carlson had launched a new program on
Russia State
TV now if that were true it'd be pretty
big news but it was totally made up
there was nothing to it
whatsoever now why do you think Newsweek
would run a fake story like that it'
probably be really easy to check
wouldn't it don't you think he'd just
call tuer Carlson and say is this true
do you think he would deny it if it were
true no he wouldn't have you met teker
Carlson if it were true he would say
something like I don't either I don't
talk about my business or he'd say yes
absolutely why wouldn't I do it but but
just ask him why would you run the
article without just asking him if it's
true isn't that sort of obviously
missing the part where you asked the
person who was easy to contact nobody
ever said we reached out for a comment
and he didn't comment nobody said that
did they why don't you just ask him well
if they'd ask him he would said that's
funny that's stupid no that's not
happening but why would they do it well
if you just think it's to smear him you
might me missing the real play
the real play might be this and
apparently this is standard business
somebody who in the government who
doesn't like you leaks a fake story to
the media somebody they know the media
runs with it and then once it's in the
media those same people who gave them
the story can say whoa Tucker Carlson's
dealing with Russia that must be a Putin
connection and then they can spy on
everything that Tucker Carlson does
forever because they would have a they
would have a legitimate overseas
Target Putin and whoever works with them
and then they can get into anything that
Tucker is doing and he's connected to
everybody in the conservative
World probably that's the game probably
that's the game it's unlikely it was
just a normal you a normal story that is
just
wrong it's almost certainly an OP that's
my guess
um bill
mugan of Fox News is's down at the
border and he's at the San Diego area
and he says there's masses of men coming
across the
border none of them
Mexican there are masses of men crossing
the southern Border in San Diego zero
Mexicans zero none they're all coming
from the country is were uh special
interest countries Iran China
Pakistan Middle East
Asia not a single
Mexican
well can you join me in uh
congratulating KLA Harris for a job well
done good job because KLA Harris her job
was to make sure that the immigration
from Central America and and Mexico U
was curtailed
and apparently she nailed it because the
The Border's wide open and the Mexicans
are staying home and the Guatemalans
must be staying home or they're getting
here another way I
guess probably being flown
in well uh APAC targeted Thomas Massie
because he didn't want to fund uh the
war in Israel and uh according to Massie
they spend
$400,000 which is a lot for for a
campaign like this um to to make him
lose his race but he won and he won by
he got 76% of the votes so it wasn't
even close now and of course Thomas
Massie was sort of celebrating their
their failure to stop him and here's
what I think if they really spent
$400,000 trying to stop Massie that's
too far that's too far I don't mind when
APAC you know promotes their preferences
and it's all above board and we can
watch them operate and you know Israel's
an
ally you know I can tolerate a special
situation because it is a special
relationship but when you put $400,000
into an American election I mean these
are Americans who are funding it but I
think for the most part APAC is American
Funding
but uh that's too
far that's not
cool yeah leave leave Thomas Massie
alone you know because he's not he's not
anti-israel or anti- Jewish
people he has a philosophy about what we
should be spending our money
on you don't you don't take that guy out
you could disagree with him but you
don't take him out that's too far if
there was somebody who seemed to you a
little
anti-semitic yes I mean that seems like
fair game to me if APAC wanted to go
after somebody in Congress who clearly
was just
anti-semitic I'm not going to complain
about that yeah go get him but if you're
taking somebody out because he's a
Libertarian too far you too far
leave the Libertarians rone they're not
bothering you I mean you don't like how
they vote but it's not about you you
it's not always about you sometimes
there's just a philosophy that's
overwriting and so leave leave Thomas
Massie alone it's too
far all right uh some documents were
found in Trump's
bedroom um some more classified
documents uh who knows how real this is
and how classified those documents are
the only comment I saw that was funny is
somebody asked if the documents were
stuck together okay that's kind of funny
the the mental image
of of trump pleasuring himself to
classify documents is very funny that is
very funny now it's not just funny when
it's a joke about you know Biden
sometimes it's funny when it's about
Trump funny is funny right funny is
funny it doesn't have to be anything but
funny that's funny
all right uh the other summer hoax
they're trying to get up here is that uh
apparently Trump reposted some kind of
an ad that was made by somebody not
connected to the campaign but he posted
it without listening to it because
toward the end there's some reference to
the uh unified Reich using the Nazi
German word for
regime now I saw somebody trying to
defend it as hey right Reich is just a
word it's it just means you know the
regime and I'm thinking
no no whoever did the ad chose that word
intentionally uh I think there's no
chance that whoever posted it for Trump
or if Trump reposted it I don't think
there's any chance he knew that word was
in there but Biden immediately goes to
his new HX mode and goes what is this on
your official account that's what Nazis
say so if you believe that the 2020
election was not rigged you'd have to
believe that there people who would not
be willing to stop Nazis because they
were told they
were all right V says New York Times is
vly claiming that non-citizens voting is
not a
problem but if it's uh but if it's such
a non-issue why are they so opposed to
the bill to ban
it so the the gaslighting is so extreme
that we can be told simultaneously
there's no real issue with noncitizens
voting it's trivial it's nothing and by
the way we don't want to ban
it wait what why wouldn't you ban that
if it's not legal for them to
vote wouldn't Banning it be the logical
thing to do nope we're going to fight
Banning that even though it's not an
issue the the level of gas is just
through the
roof Trump clarified that he he will
never ever in capital letters Advocate
imposing restrict restrictions on birth
control because that's another one of
the hoaxes that Dems are trying to Jin
up that he's anti that the Republicans
or Trump in general um the lottery
miss the opportunity to Mar okay I don't
know what that's about
um all right let's talk about uh Bill
Mar so Bill Mah is doing a book tour
he's appearing on a lot of shows and
saying a lot of things but among them he
went on
uh on Megan Kelly's podcast and here's
what
we
[Music]
learned um he apparently Bill Maher did
not know that Hillary Clinton and all
the top Democrats said out loud and
often that the 2016 election was rigged
and was illegitimate and Trump was not
an legitimate president he learned that
yesterday hold this in your mind Bill
Mah's job his job his only job well I
guess he just stand up too but his only
job is talking about
politics and he didn't know the biggest
story in the
country he didn't know that election
denial is something that Democrats do
every election
and he learned it live on the
podcast now that's
embarrassing that should be humiliating
if it's your job to talk about it and
something that important that the entire
January 6 thing was a narrative and
 because it was sort of closer
to business as usual than it was to an
Insurrection he didn't know it it'd be
one thing to have a different
opinion but he didn't know it the most
important fact of the whole story is
that it's business as usual that's the
whole story and the ma the main part of
the story he was unaware of until
yesterday gets
worse um he also belied that cops were
killed on January
6 he actually said he was mocking uh
Megan he says like they didn't show up
to the capital and kill cops multiple
cops cops plur
he believed that Pro protesters killed
cops on January
6th and then he he joked he said oh well
what they did they die of natural causes
or
something yes yes they died of natural
causes that's in the news it's called
the
news again the January Insurrection is
the biggest story in the country because
it's the main thing that will determine
whether people vote for Trump and he
didn't know probably the most important
fact that the protesters didn't kill
anybody but the the you know the capital
Poli killed
one how do you not know
that gets
worse now this one is a
mindboggler so when Megan Kelly pointed
out that the Border situation is a
disaster so how could bill Marie
supporting Biden when the B borders open
it's a disaster and marah uh said he
didn't he goes really is it that
different than when Trump was
President I swear to God he said that
yesterday yesterday he said in
public with Megan Kelly who by the way
is just killing it she's doing such a
great job in her podcast
um he thought the Border situ ation was
similar now I mean worse but not really
much
different just hold that in your head
for a moment it's his job to
inform his audience you know in the
context of entertainment but to inform
his audience he didn't know
that now I remember seeing a uh maybe it
was on uh Club random where he said that
he limits his sources of news to just a
few and I think the New York Times was
one and maybe one other and I thought to
myself oh my
God remember I I often say to you you
can't you can no longer have a
conversation with somebody a productive
conversation with someone who thinks the
some of the news is
true he thinks some of the news is true
it's his job to talk about the news and
he still thinks some of it is real the
political stuff I mean if there's a
earthquake they usually get that right
you know natural disaster sure they they
can tell you what day to Holiday will
fall on but no when they talk about
politics none of that's real none of
it's
real it's at least out in the
context so does he really not know that
but then here's here's the the
ultimate um so Mar said he said this on
on
geld he said that long before January 6
he's taking credit Mars because he
predicted that Trump would not leave
office
peacefully so he's taking credit and he
said people said that when I said that
you know long ago people said bill you
smok too much marijuana and Bill joked
well apparently I smoke just enough
because sure enough Trump didn't leave
office
peacefully except that he lost he did
leave office
peacefully so Bill Mah is saying I
correctly predicted that Trump would not
leave
peacefully we all observe that Trump
left peacefully and he's claiming that
his prediction was
right while we all observe with our own
eyes that Trump is not president
president and that the violence was
never intended to have that outcome the
intended the the the
protest was very specific can you find
out if this election was rigged because
it sure looks like
it do you think he doesn't know that the
point of the Insurrection was to find
out if the election was rigged because
it sure looked like it do you think he
really doesn't know that now I would
have said before of course he knows that
but now I say no I think maybe the most
basic facts about January 6 he actually
doesn't know and it's his number one
reason for opposing Trump is the January
6 situation and he showed he doesn't
actually even know what
happened he's the main
voice for Democrats understanding the
world he's one of the main
voices this is the most pathetic uh book
tour I've ever seen now the book might
actually be pretty funny so you know I'm
not going to I'm not going to diss the
book because I haven't read it and he he
said he did uh personally personally
edited it so I had all of his best stuff
from his uh monologues so if you like
that stuff it's probably pretty good
however if I were in the business of
talking about politics and I were
hanging my hat particularly on the
January 6 situation
and on immigration too because that's a
big deal and I didn't know anything
about those topics that was
real I would quit my job like after this
book tour he should literally
retire he's part of the problem let me
say it as directly as possible he's a
 disaster Bill Maher is a
disaster I actually thought that he
would be helpful because he seemed to be
open-minded enough that when he heard an
argument on the other side he didn't
reject it immediately but the problem is
he's intentionally preventing himself
from seeing arguments on the other side
apparently by limiting his his news
access so now that he's somewhat
accidentally been exposed to other
opinions I think he needs to
quit because he's clearly damaging the
country in a very substantial way and I
wouldn't say that about really anybody
else because the thing is that when you
watch CNN in
MSNBC if you're paying attention at all
you at least know they're not trying to
be
unbiased am I right like nobody thinks
they're trying to play it down the
middle and if you watch Fox News same
thing nobody thinks they're trying to
play it down the middle but if I watch a
comedian who's you know famous for
having some opinions that can violate
you know the preferences of both teams
you kind of feel like you're getting
something closer to the truth
because comedy has that effect but
apparently he's he's one of the big
accidental gaslighters in the country so
he's accidentally gaslighting his
audience and he has a huge reach he
should
quit because he's done the worst job
I've ever seen of trying to be useful
but accidentally being uh just really o
blight on
politics so um nothing personal he just
has to know that he what what is the
name of that um Dunning Krueger so it
looks like a Dunning Krueger situation
where not because he's dumb because he's
not he's very smart right let's all
agree on that there there's no
intelligence problem here he's very
smart very
capable but he's chosen a a strategy
which is not looking at all the news
which guarantees he's a to
society so at this point I'd call him a
menace uh and it's under the form of
entertainment so it's way worse than I
thought I really I really thought he
understood what was true but was taking
a position that maybe was a little bit
personal because he doesn't like Trump
or something that was my operating
Theory my current operating Theory which
is really well established by Megan
Kelly and also geld is that he doesn't
know what the news is
and it's his job to talk about it I've
never seen anything like this this this
is quite remarkable
actually you know who I wouldn't say
this about you know somebody like uh Jen
weager you know also a big
anti-trumper but I think he's well
informed is he not I I feel like he
actually knows the stories and then just
has a different preference about how
things should be which is
fair yeah
anyway rasmon also reports that uh they
did a poll on uh Congress and if uh
elections were held today for congress
47% of likely us voters would vote for
Republican 42 for Democrats that's a 10%
um 10% are not sure so two years ago in
May 2022 Republicans had a Sixpoint
lead um so now it's Five Points so
that's marginate so about the same so
about the same as it was when
Republicans picked up uh nine seats in
the house so the you know lots can
change between now and the elections but
the early warning indicators would be
Republicans picking up seats it's hard
for me to imagine that they
wouldn't am I right I I feel like you
know the
Zeitgeist and and and correct me if if
I'm wrong but isn't there a thing where
if a president is running for a second
term they usually do poorly in
Congress oh there's somebody here who
still fell for the four Chan hoax about
me no I did not fall for
anything you got hoaxed about my
opinions about the pandemic it's a 4chan
hoax so there's still people on here who
don't know the news
either no you got hoaxed about my
opinions I got everything about the
pandemic right so far I I I think it was
100% right about
everything I made different choices than
you do but that's not what you're
complaining about you're not complaining
about my personal health care choices
because you wouldn't care about
that so you got hoaxed and I'm sorry
that you had to find out in public like
this it's very embarrassing for you
isn't it it must be humiliating to be
called out like this in public
all
right um another Soros DA got beaten in
the elections and wokeness tells us that
uh uh Portland voters fired their Soros
da Mike Schmidt by Landslide 15% margin
uh he famously or infamously uh didn't
prosecute the BLM and antifa rots and
allowed crime to flourish and then he
got fired now we can add that to the
Soros da from San Francisco buen who's
out the Soros da for St Louis Kim
Gardner who's out the Soros da Kim Fox
from Chicago who's out and in my area
there's a there's a big movement to get
rid of our da but maybe she won so maybe
she won but again you should see this as
not a slippery slope you should see it
as
inertia followed by a block BL in power
that would form so the blocking power
seems to be forming it's not as strong
as it can be but I do think that we've
um collectively made Soros
da a dirty
word and it should be yeah so our da is
named Pamela
price and
uh and even Eric swell says she has to
go I I hate having to compliment Eric
swell
for just doing the right thing for his
for his people in his area but he came
out strong against the door the Soros
funded da in our area and I appreciate
that so thank you uh
swell well in Norway Ireland and Spain
have decided they're going to recognize
Palestine as an independent state
according to writers to which I
say which part is Palestine
well what exactly are they
recognizing that they should specify
that I feel like this is one of those
situations where you can't be generic
well we recognize
Palestine where is
it can you be a little more
specific well the Israel situation is
the perfect example of what I call a
half
pinion a half pinion is people who are
taking uh moral
High Ground of
saying uh that the there should be a
ceasefire because too many civilians are
being
killed now I don't know how many
civilians are being killed I also don't
know you know whether Israel is doing
everything you can to protect them they
say yes I'm not there it's in their
interest to do everything that they can
to not kill civilians you know within
reasonable War
standards so I don't know uh I mean it's
War so I'm not going to say that there
are no problems that would be stupid
right every war has terrible things on
both sides it's just built into the
nature of
War but here's the thing if you say
there should be a ceasefire you must you
must describe how you think it plays out
and we're not asking people to do
that here's how that argument goes I
demand a ceasefire because too many
civilians are being
killed well I'm on the other side and I
say Israel has a right to defend
itself
wrong wrong wrong wrong I agree with the
argument it's just not persuasive if
you're if you find yourself in public
and somebody does that to you that I
think we shed up a ceasefire do not say
Israel has a right to self-defense
because first of all we all agree
everybody agrees with that so why just
why say the thing that they already
agree with
instead say I hear what you say and
nobody likes civilians to be killed but
can you describe what you think would
happen if a ceasefire happened and they
say something like well you know we
would talk I'd say where do you think
the talks would go do you think Hamas
would say you know what we really did
want to destroy Israel and but you know
now it didn't work out so so maybe we'll
be reasonable now and change it I want
to see somebody say that say it out loud
do you think they would reconstitute
Hamas and just go at it again or do you
think they' learned their lesson and now
now they see the wisdom of just talking
it
out I want to see somebody actually
complete the opinion no if you have a
half opinion that's half of an opinion
that there should be a ceasefire I agree
with
you let let me say I'm totally in favor
of the ceasefire now explain to me how
that plays
out if I have to give you a whole
opinion then I would say oh I guess
there's no way that can work because it
can't there's no feasible way a
ceasefire works for
Israel it might work for Hamas but there
isn't any there's no possibility it this
is not one of those situations where
you're um estimating the risk
you know sometimes you look at something
like I don't know let's say cloud
seeding or uh spraying stuff into the
atmosphere for climate change you could
look at that and say Ah that's too risky
for me and then somebody else a
reasonable person can say well we looked
into it and you know we'll we'll try it
on a small scale and we can manage the
risks now that's an actual that's a
debate I think the risks are this you
think it's that why do you think that
that's a debate
but you know what's not a
debate there shall be a
ceasefire and now I'm done
talking uh allow me to do my
impression of everybody who's in favor
of a
ceasefire well don't you know that women
and children and civilians are being
killed in too large of a number in Gaza
so I demand a
ceasefire okay Scott how do you think
that would work out in the long
run and
scene that's my impression of everybody
who wants to ceasefire you
worthless
cowards do you tell us what you think
will happen you worthless half
pinion
cowards now I remind you I don't back
Israel because the ADL came after me and
I know the ADL doesn't work for Israel
and they don't control them but
every one of them if they come after me
right so this has nothing to do with
individuals of course but in terms of
the country of Israel and the
organization of the ADL if they're
coming after me I can't back I can't
back Israel so I do not support Israel
period but I want to see a
opinion that's a full opinion I'd like
to at least know that there's something
like an actual logical conversation
going on not oh ceasefire run away run
away that's just too
far all right so that's what's going on
ladies and gentlem genten that brings me
to the
conclusion um of my comments and I'm
going to go talk to the locals people
privately because they're
special Scott should wear mask at all
times did did foran tell you I was in
favor of
masks did they tell you that I was a
promoting vaccines did foran tell you
that you should be so embarrassed if you
still have that opinion about me that
you fell for like just an obvious hoax
all right that's all for now goodbye to
YouTube until tomorrow same time and
Rumble and the xplatform thanks for
coming and let's talk to locals
privately local supporters
only
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e