let's move this camera further away the
less of me the better looks like I got a
sunburn hey everybody come on in here
Conrad Joe Tyler well you're in you're
fast Tyler Kyle hey everybody you know
or what time it is pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom yes it's right
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
grab your cup your mug your beverage
your a glass your container of liquids
and join me for the simultaneous at best
sup of the day so as we approach the
anniversary of the tragedy in
Charlottesville a year ago there are a
number of interesting stories that are
sort of related or indirectly related to
that number one I was happy to see that
Laura Ingraham satisfied what I call the
48-hour rule the 48-hour rule goes like
this if you say something in public that
other people say my god how can you say
that I think you just said something
horrible you have 48 hours this is my
personal rule that I think you should
all adhere to you have 48 hours to
clarify and if you do the clarification
should stand because otherwise we're
just guessing what you think I think
it's fair to judge people by what they
say and if what they say is ambiguous 48
hours is plenty of time to clarify but
once someone has clarified I believe we
should accept the clarification because
otherwise you are judging people by what
youth
they think and as sure as you might be
about what someone else thinks you think
that's no way to run a world you don't
want to live in a world where people
will judge you by what they think you
think remember if you were judged by
what you think maybe you could make an
argument for that but that's not what
we're talking about we're talking about
judging people for what strangers of
think you think that has nothing to do
with you that's to do with them so could
you be punished for someone else's
thought because that's the world that
people are trying to lead us to they're
trying to lead us to a world where if a
stranger has a wrong thought about what
you think you can be punished because of
their wrong thought about what you think
don't want that world so the 48 hours
rule has been satisfied if you're not
familiar with the story I'll give you a
little context here so on Laura Ingraham
show and Fox News she did a little
monologue in which she said some version
of and I'm paraphrasing that things
aren't as good as they used to be and
you know people were longing for that
old world I'm paraphrasing very
approximately but while she was saying
that they were showing pictures of
presumably Mexican immigrant farmworkers
now the first thing you need to know
about this is that the way the news is
produced is that the person who picks
the the video that's showing is
generally different from the person who
wrote the monologue so Laura Ingraham
wrote the words that she spoke in all
likelihood I assume that's true but she
did not pick the video that went with it
and chances are she never even saw it
now she might have but the normal way
that the news is produced is that the
producer will you know
look at what the content of the of the
monologue is gonna be and then it's
their job to go find some video clip to
run at the same time so I would be
amazed if what Laura Ingram wrote in her
mind matched the video the producer
picked a show it's possible but it would
be very unlikely all right because it
would just be what sense does it make to
show farm workers happily picking crops
which is literally good for the farmer
who hired him as well as the person
picking them that's why people do it
it's good for both both people as well
as the country so it's very unlikely
that the producer and and the writer of
the content were on the same page but
possible you know it wasn't there it's
possible but it's very unlikely you
should know that the the second thing is
and here's a rule of communication that
if you don't understand this rule you
can't even operate in the world so if
you're having all kinds of if you're
having all kinds of trouble
understanding in the world this might be
part of the problem communication
doesn't work unless there's some level
of trust with the person who's
communicating so if you trust them then
the words they say you say oh I
understand what you're saying and if you
don't trust them
you change the words they say into some
terrible thing that matches your
impression of them that's how we all
work it's not a flaw and in the human
operating system it is the human
operating system right it's just we're
all wired that way so I watched Laura
Ingram's monologue when it happened I
saw it live and I had two feelings based
on the fact that I believe and I'm quite
confident in this that she is not a
racist so my starting supposition is
that she's not
racist because it's sort of a strange
thing to be in a very unusual actually
at least him in the way that she's being
accused that would be very unusual and
so when I heard her do the monologue I
my first thought was what so in other
words I had exactly the same impression
they're her critics had which is why are
you saying it that way that sounds a
little bit racist
so the way she communicated was
absolutely a mistake but that's the
purpose of the 48 hour rule to clarify
what you meant
so rather than imagining that she had
suddenly turned into a racist and for
some weird reason had decided to come
out on national television as if that
would be okay I immediately translated
what she said which sounded kind of
racist to me when I heard it into what
made more sense which is since I believe
she's not a racist I thought oh she's
just talking about you know economics or
crime or something and it just sounded
worse
she should have worded that differently
so in my mind the way she said it
sounded terrible but I immediately
translated it because I trust that she's
not a racist into all she just said that
wrong probably just talking about the
crime in the economics when she
clarified she said it was about the
crime and I'm not going to read her mind
that's the clarification I say let it
stand and and I would and trust me I
will apply this to people I like people
I don't like people on both sides it's
just a good rule because everything in
that first 48 hours is just you know BS
because until the person clarifies you
got nothing now let's talk about
Charlottesville President of the United
States has very wisely gotten in front
of it I believe the anniversary is is it
tomorrow or is the anniversary today a
year ago so must be today
and the president tweets this if you
haven't seen it - tweets that are
relevant the riots so this is from the
president the riots in Charlottesville a
year ago resulted in senseless death and
division we must come together as a
nation I condemn all types of racism and
acts of violence peace to all Americans
and all ISM capitals so I like the fact
that this statement is completely
unambiguous and I he condemns all acts
of racism there's no there's no way to
interpret that any other way all acts of
racism right so he's getting ahead of it
because ignoring this anniversary would
have been awful and saying something
ambiguous would have been worse so he's
going out there and he's saying
absolutely what both his critics and his
supporters why him to say so he said it
but that he's gone further and his next
tweet right after that few minutes later
were was this I am proud to have fought
for and secured the lowest
african-american and Hispanic
unemployment rates in history he's
bragging he is bragging about what he's
done for African Americans and Hispanics
in terms of employment do racists brag
about what they've done to help
Hispanics and African Americans they
don't and he goes on now I'm pushing for
prison reform to give people who have
paid their debt to society a second
chance I will never stop fighting for
all Americans this is superb of framing
for healing healing the divide you know
here's the thing
if all you did is brag about
unemployment being good you still leave
a little wiggle room where people say
yeah but that'm that economy was Obama's
or yeah but the economy doesn't have
anything to do with you it's just the
economy so bragging about the economy in
terms of how it helps employment for
african-american and Hispanic citizens
is good I mean it's good but it's not
good you know it's not perfect taking it
to perfect is the second tweet if you're
working on prison reform you are very
clearly putting your political capital
behind something that's going to be good
for African Americans and good for
Hispanics and of course good for
everybody else who's in prison but it's
it's pretty pretty strongly skewed
toward being good for you know the
people who've got the the worst
situation in society so how do you look
at the president backing all of these
things including prison reform and and
how do you how do you feel that that's
racist I mean it's hard to hold those
things in your head at the same time
right does this rule apply it to the
left the 48-hour rule does apply to the
left if that's what you're talking about
of course watch for when Trump writes
his own tweet I don't think that's
necessarily important because he
approves all of his tweets and you know
you can be sure that nothing goes out
without without him being happy about it
all right yes and he also tweeted about
the I felt the lovely Lisa page which
always makes me laugh somebody says my
obsession to pandering to brown people
is exhausting
well let me let me put it in context for
you there is no situation where you
potential racist person who made that
comment there is no situation where you
do well in the country where the
so-called brown people as you said are
having a tough time those two things
just don't go together and if you want
to make America great again you have to
pretty much take care of business now I
think it's perfectly reasonable for
someone to say hey it's not a color
thing just help the people who are poor
it need help and that gets us to a good
place and I would say that looks a lot
like helping black and brown people
because it ends up being very similar
prison reform is the perfect example if
you do prison reform there are a whole
lot of you know white people and every
other race that benefit from that
everybody benefits what is wrong with
doing something that everybody benefits
if you hear me say something that
benefits only brown people call me out
on it that's a perfectly legitimate
thing to do to call me out on it I don't
believe that I've suggested anything
that wouldn't be good generally and
sometimes and let me make a bigger point
I've said this the other day without
having any backing to it whatsoever
which is not which is not unusual for me
I I said the following thing that any
major law change is racist
think about that for a second any major
law change is racist in the outcome not
and not in the intention necessarily
sometimes it could be racist in the
intention I suppose but in the outcome
every major law change affects some race
differently than other races
there's just no exception to that if you
change taxes it's going to have a
disproportionate effect on on you know
one race over another even if you don't
intend that it's just the way it works
if you do a prison reform it will have a
disproportionate effect on some groups
if you do if you make marijuana legal
disproportionate on groups if you if you
go to war it's disproportionate on some
groups if you you know change social
nets it's disproportionate in some
groups if you change healthcare
disproportionate some there's probably
no exception to that now you can say
that sometimes it helps browner people
and sometimes it helps with whiter
people but there's no such thing as a
big change in the government that
doesn't have a racial outcome so that's
just a given for all big change some
people says you're tired of discussion
about race and racism you should be you
should be tired of it but it is the
anniversary of shell that's film and
you're going to get some today so yes
Gavin McGinnis was a band on Twitter I
believe but once again I do not know why
I don't know if there was a specific
thing so it's hard to have an opinion on
it
without knowing the reasons if there is
no reason after 48 hours well then I
think you can form an opinion about that
but I don't know if I don't know if the
major platforms necessarily have to give
you a reason do they is it is a
common for you to get a reason do they
ever say it was this tweet that got you
off I don't know all right let me ask
you this question because there every
once awhile I realize there's some giant
gap in my understanding of the world and
I'm hoping you can fill it in all right
so here's the giant gap in my
understanding of the world the major
platforms the social media platforms
would like to they want to make money of
course on advertisement and and stuff so
they want as much traffic as they can
get they want their users to see what
the users want but not what the users
don't want I think those are the major
things that they want right they don't
want people looking at stuff that those
people don't want to see but how do you
not get to that same place by just
letting people choose what they see how
can somebody explain to me and there
might be a perfectly good reason I'm
going to assume I'm going to assume
there's some perfectly good reason for
this but what is the the thinking behind
not letting people see what they
actually want to see I don't know what
to thinking is now on Twitter for
example just to use that model you can
block people but I would agree with
Twitter that that doesn't get you there
because people that you have not blocked
and never heard of can still directly
send you a message that shows up in your
timeline that could be horrible so maybe
there's some kind of a model where you
can simply decide how much of your silo
you see and how much of another silo you
see let's say for example I could choose
to see everything all the time or I
could choose just to see things that
people that I follow have largely not
blocked so in other words if there's
something about the people I follow and
then the people that they follow
that's trackable and
there should be then I should be able to
know that I should have a choice that if
some of them are you know are blocking
people that I could say okay if the
people I'd know and love and follow are
blocking these people don't show them on
my timeline either but just as an option
so sometimes I might want to see them
sometimes not what would be wrong with
that because that would still take all
of the the horrible speech it would
would immediately make it you know
invisible to me without really losing
anything because I didn't want to see it
anyway and if I didn't want to see it I
just clicked the option that lets me see
it
but the people who don't need to see it
don't see it I don't know why that would
be wrong but there might be some reason
for that I didn't see anybody offering
the reason there are services for that
blocking transitively yes so somebody's
calling that blocking transitively
meaning if somebody you follow blocks
them you blocks them but what's wrong
with that as an option yeah let me let
me give you another another alternative
suppose that all of your tweets came in
color-coded in other words the the
background color was variable based on
what other people how other people
interacted with the content so if
there's something that you haven't
blocked but other people have said this
is sketchy maybe it comes in with an
orange background and if something is
generally liked and not many people are
blocking it it comes in with just a
clear background and then maybe there
are some other categories so you have
some other colors but when I'm looking
down my timeline I and I'm in a hurry it
would it would help me if I could just
skip all the orange ones and then I
still don't miss anything because
sometimes I like to see the bad speech
because I like to see how you know the
trolls are reacting I like to see what
the pushback looks like but I could very
easily just skip all the orange ones
because they be so they'd
and be like oh there's a million stuff
here I'll just skip the orange ones but
if I want to read them there they are
would that be wrong so it seems to me
that there are a bunch of soft ways to
manage what you see in what you don't
see one is color coding it so it's easy
to skip and another is letting you have
this somebody called it transitive
blocking meaning if your friends blocked
it it shows up at least as an orange and
then you could you could block all the
oranges if you want what I don't know is
why that doesn't work now it might be a
case that it doesn't work you might at
mean might need to add one thing to this
it might be a problem that it doesn't
work because people would game the
system that's probably the problem right
but there might be an another you know
something else to that where people can
sort of vote that it's been unfairly
targeted alright so maybe maybe a lot of
trolls say oh let's block McDonald's or
something so just imagine some corporate
identity that people don't like and they
say ah let's let's all get together and
and block them and then that will block
it from everybody there's probably a way
for people who are viewing it in orange
to see you what the hell people are
blocking McDonald's well I'm gonna I'm
gonna click the button that says it's an
illegitimate block in other words it's a
boycott block and once I've clicked it
as a boycott block maybe from that point
if enough people do it
that orange turns into magenta or
something some other color let's say
blue so that I can say oh this blue one
a lot of people are blocking but other
people are saying you're blocking it
just because of a boycott so I still
want to see those I don't want the
trolls to determine who what I see so
there's probably a social way that
completely solves all the problems with
nobody having to worry about what's
going on and I don't see how that's
worse
for any of the platforms do you does it
does anybody see what would be wrong
with that and I'm guessing that there is
something wrong with what I just said
because otherwise we wouldn't be having
this conversation right would we even be
having a conversation about online
censorship if it was as if it were as
easy as I just said just color code it
let people determine what what's bad
what's being boycotted and then I'll
decide whether I want to see their input
or or see everything or or not there has
to be a reason and it bothers me that I
don't know what it is am i a shareholder
shareholder of what I'm not a direct
shareholder of oh I am a direct
shareholder of Apple which I'm happy to
say I've owned for a while that's done
very well I am NOT a direct shareholder
of Facebook Twitter or Google but I do
own and you know I have money in an
index fund which has all those
properties
one of you owned Apple computer since
was 35 well we all hate you
we hate you and we're jealous
yeah you also the story of the some
engineer or somebody stole an airplane
and yeah the good story about that I
think y'all saw it was in Washington
somebody stole an Alaska Airlines plane
a prop jet or a plop prop prop plane
propeller airplane and crashed it into
an island the part that I liked about
that story even though it seems like
there's nothing to like about it I like
the fact that apparently the the
military had their planes in the air
pretty fast
did you notice that so the military was
up there as soon as that as soon as that
aircraft went rogue I don't know how
long it took but I was pretty impressed
they had a couple of f-35s in the air
right away and I believe they were
telling him to stay over over the water
and you know I you know I stay over the
water means right stay over the water
means you're not gonna be lit alive very
long because stay over the water means
we don't want the debris falling on
people because we're gonna take you out
so it was a tragic story sorry it
happened but at least you know if
there's a silver lining it was only the
perpetrator died and I was impressed at
Homeland Security's response so let's
let's give an A+ to Homeland Security
you know we focus on what goes wrong and
that's human but gotta say Homeland
Security plus one you're right all right
somebody said what about Iran testing a
ballistic missile was that today I
haven't seen any news about that today
so I'm not up to date on that my general
answer is that if Iran or North Korea
are testing testing some stuff for
building some stuff everything is still
being negotiated so in that context you
expect all sides to be you know pushing
on all dimensions let's talk about North
Korea we're seeing some reports that
North Korea has asked for a grand
gesture from the United States a grand
gesture in order to go down the path of
denuclearizing now it probably means we
don't know enough about this situation
so the reporting we're getting about
that I feel it's incomplete because
here's the reporting the way it stands
and again I don't think we're hearing
the whole story but what we do here is
that North Korea is balking about
getting serious about removing its
nuclear assets because it's asked in
return that we go first I think they
want us to go first
meaning the United States and South
Korea and declare peace an end to the
war official end to the war and then
secondly to drop the sanctions so they
want us to drop the sanctions before
they start t nuclear izing and I thought
to myself probably there's more to it
don't you think a little more to it
because if that's all that if that's all
we were down to it feels like we would
have something to work with in other
words the sanctions are something that
you can take off and put back on and
since we've all settled into what we we
assume will be a long-term
occasion a year it could be two years it
could be three years of negotiating and
and everybody's ready for that to be the
case because it's it's a tough one
nobody thinks it's easy but how hard
would it be and I'm not suggesting this
because I don't think we know everything
about that situation I'm just explaining
my gap in knowledge here how hard would
it be for the United States to say I'll
tell you what we'll give you both of
those things but 60 days from now if you
haven't done your part they're back on
you know is there a real reason that we
can't take the sanctions off and say
we'd like to see if you are serious
we'll take the sanctions off as long as
you're doing your thing but they they go
right on at the moment you're not now
I'm seeing people saying no you go first
you go first but can you explain why as
long as as long as it's unambiguously
true that we're going to put the
sanctions back on if they don't do their
part
everybody let's say we've also declared
an end to the sensations why would we
expect North Korea not to do their part
you know because it's a trick and they
want to get everything and they want to
get everything that they want and give
us nothing sure but it wouldn't work you
know why would we why would we be
worried about North Korea pursuing a
strategy that doesn't have any chance of
working because if if they didn't do
their part of denuclearizing and we did
do our part of dropping the sanctions
and let's say declaring an end to the
formal war and then 60 days later they
did nothing we just put the sanctions
back on and the the part about declaring
war is somewhat irrelevant because you
can just read eclair it if you need it
and you know the president can act
unilaterally if if there's a timing
issue so I don't see anything we can't
give them
that we can't take back if they don't do
their part now does it make sense for
North Korea to go first well I know
they're probably thinking the same thing
we're thinking which is whoever goes
first is the sucker hey whoever goes
first guess nothing is the sucker and
they may think that they've already done
enough in terms of things that are easy
to give up so I know yes so the here's
what everybody the people who want us to
keep the pressure on until they do
something first here's what you're
missing and the part I don't understand
you do understand that with this
president and with john bolton and you
know mattis there with this
administration if we were to say just
hypothetically you know we're gonna
we're gonna give you some relief for 60
days let's see if you do anything with
your nukes if we were to say that does
anybody think we wouldn't put the
pressure back on if they didn't perform
there's nobody who believes this
administration this administration you
don't think you don't think trump would
double down on the sanctions i mean make
them worse than they ever were if we got
screwed for taking them off for 60 days
i would say that's a given so we may be
at a point where people where it's sort
of a face-saving situation where we're
just trying to figure out who goes first
so it doesn't look like a bad idea it
feels to me like the only thing that
matters is how this is going to look to
the public and feel to the people
involved doesn't it seem to you it's
come down to just how it looks and how
it's going to feel because I'm pretty
sure North Korea wants to get to the
next level and the only way they can is
by D denuclearizing it's just the only
way they can and I think they know that
with a trump administration so I'm not
suggesting anything in terms of the
negotiations because I assume there's
things we don't know and we should not
assume we do know all right mm-hmm
seven grodman so there might be some
clever way to make it look like a
win-win you know the one part of this
which is the ending the formal
declaration of war and to formally say
it's over it seems to be that's a
situation where both sides just win so I
don't know what's holding that up
except maybe it's being packaged with
some other stuff but we're we're all a
little bit in the dark about North Korea
are you predicting actual of
denuclearization yes in the long run but
we don't know what the long run looks
like the the reason for that is that the
nuclear program is all bad and no good
anymore you know people do things
because they have a use whatever use
North Korea got into those nukes appears
to appears to have been decreased
could the u.s. move 10,000 troops out of
South Korea to Japan as a grand gesture
huh that's not the worst idea but it
does leave South Korea unprotected for a
while or less protected you predict you
predicting denuclearization during the
trump administration yes yes I think
it'll happen during the trumpet
administration oh let's talk about the
CNN swastika so I was just watching a
little clip on CNN in which they tracked
down an actual Nazi lover who has a big
swastika on his on his Shack and and
they had to go to like rural
Pennsylvania and they find this one guy
who was just it's just him and he
literally has a shack
you know I guess you'd call it a what
would we call it shed and it's got all
this you know junk and stuff piled up
around his Shack and they asked him some
questions to try to get some crazy
racist rants and sure enough he had some
crazy racist rants and I thought to
myself if that's the best you can do CNN
you know you're scouring the world for
an actual now Nazi someone who actually
believes these things and the best you
can find is this one guy in rural
Pennsylvania who lives in a shed with a
bunch of a bunch of garbage around it
and I'm thinking he's a Nazi Shaq I
think that's it that's the best you can
do I think we're adding in the right
direction so as you might know so today
might be interesting in the news I hope
nothing bad happens you know that hog
Newsom has marched all the way from I
believe New York to Washington DC and
and he'll be having separately a safe
distance away from the unite the right
he'll be having his agape love event I
don't know what your fence would be
bigger but you know what's the most
ironic thing about the unite the right
the so-called to unite the right
movement so this guy is Richard Spencer
who's a white nationalist I'm not sure
exactly how he would describe himself I
don't know if he's a white supremacist
or a white nationalist
but they're pretty close so he's
something like that but he's doing a
unites the right and remember he was the
one who did the he was behind the
Charlottesville the event that caused so
much trouble but here's the irony fact
check this for me will you true or false
Richard Spencer has succeeded in uniting
the right go true or false
Richard Spencer has succeeded in uniting
the right against Richard Spencer I
don't think I've ever seen the right
more United
people are saying false doesn't look
like it to me
when was the last time you talked to
somebody who was in favor of Richard
Spence from the right now I I get that
they're X percentage of people who are
in favor of Richard Spencer's new white
nationalism whatever exactly he's
pushing well it's a really small number
right if you were to if you were
hypothetically to unite 98 percent of
the right would it be fair to say you
United the right
98% if you've got 98% of the right to be
on the same page about anything
wouldn't that be one of the most amazing
accomplishments of all time that would
be amazing Richard Spencer managed to
unite the right against Richard Spencer
and against the white nationalist and
against whatever they were marching the
ad in Charlottesville last year I've
never seen the right more United than
they are right now against the tiki
torch people against those racists
Richard Spencer has succeeded like
nobody I've ever seen before and
literally I mean like nobody ever before
all right I don't want to compare him to
like great leaders in the past which I
almost accidentally did but imagine all
the people who have tried to unite
people has anybody ever been as
successful as Richard Spencer in the
uniting people against Richard Spencer
it's the most successful thing I've ever
seen in my life it's probably like 98
percent you can't beat that so that's
pretty good and at the same time he's
United the right and the left cuz the
left are against Richard Spencer so
we've managed to find something in which
the entire left the President of the
United States all of you watching here
except that one idiot who made the
comment earlier and me were all united
against Richard Spencer and whatever the
hell he's doing with his small band of
people and David Duke right we're all
we're all United somebody said you're
not sure he's that influential that's
not true
look how well he has United people
against him
somebody said Baked Alaska was banned
from Twitter says something new I just
saw
something go by all right it looks like
the Summer of Love might be back on
today because there's going to be a lot
of uniting going to be a lot of uniting
of the right and a lot of uniting of the
right and left against Richard Spencer
so let's celebrate that it's never been
this good folks I hate to be the the
optimist ever you know in all cases but
you have never seen the country this
united just think about it think about
how ironic this is I don't think I'm
wrong about this the you know you're
probably thinking oh that's a little
hyperbole or you're you're sort of
pretzel logic or you're you're
stretching this Scott I think you've
taken this too far
talk about just pure factual our
Republicans and conservatives 98 percent
or something in that nature
united against Richard Spencer and his
message yes I think that's objectively
true is the left United a hundred
percent or something like it against
Richard Spencer yes is there anybody
looking at the Charlotte Charlottesville
anniversary and thinking to themselves I
sure wish we get more of that racism
well two percent maybe you know that
they're always going to be 2 percent who
favor anything but I've never seen the
country more United then well I'd say
9/11 was more United well maybe not
actually this is probably comparable to
9/11
you remember 9/11 or Pearl Harbor you
know there's those moments where
everybody's suddenly on the same side
and should be
today feels like one of those days
because Richard Spence you know playing
the role of the 9/11 bombers or playing
the role of the kamikaze you know
Japanese Air Force attacking Pearl
Harbor he's sort of playing the bad guy
and has United the country in a
tremendous way not a hundred percent but
probably 98 percent all right
what Act are we in it's harder to tell
now oh I meant to talk about Alexandra
Acacio Cortez here are a few things you
need to know about her as an update
number one I saw on Twitter that people
have started calling her a OSE now
remember I told you that she might be a
master persuader rising now that doesn't
mean quite a master persuader that means
the potential is there like all the raw
materials and it looks like the
intention are there and here's the thing
if you're trying to fight against her is
let's say you're on the right and you
don't like her message you just gave her
the coolest nickname ever when you start
calling her a OC and there's nothing I'm
gonna say that's gonna stop that that's
she already has her nickname people who
have a nickname that's not an insulting
nickname like low energy jab or
something but people who have a cool
nickname with three letters like LBJ
it's better alright in other words you
have promoted her to a nickname because
it's not an insulting nickname as soon
as people get a nickname they're
promoted there their importance went up
people are going to say well we just
know her by her three initials
so that's the first thing you need to
know that as much as you're pushing
against her you're helping her by giving
her the nickname secondly who are we
talking about who am I talking about who
did all of you want me to talk about
there was only one person how many of
you asked me to talk about Bernie today
none
how many asked me to talk about anybody
else on the left none there were zero
requests for me to talk about anybody
but a Oh see what did I tell you she
could do this I warned you all right you
can hate her message but I warned you
she can do this she made everybody pay
attention to her now what are you saying
with your criticisms you're saying to
yourself my god the things she's asking
for are totally impractical have you
ever heard that about another candidate
well you heard it about Bernie and he
practically won the presidency
everybody said is is this thing is
totally impractical who else have you
heard this about who had a totally
impractical plan President Trump he
wanted to deport 14 million people who
were here undocumented was that ever a
practical idea no it was not but she
couldn't stop talking about and could
you and that was the play all right so
you've got a OC and I'm gonna be using
her nickname too because it's just
easier so you've got a IOC who has this
plan for socialism that you say damn it
doesn't she understand how impractical
this is no she does understand that she
also understands that if she keeps
hammering this impractical idea you
won't care about anybody else in the
world because that's where she's gotcha
so she has you right where she wants you
right now here's the other thing you
don't understand she's not talking
to the right her entire game now
very much like candidate Trump's game
was to talk to Republicans for the first
you know the first major part of the
election process he's only talking to
the base so the other people are saying
my god it's crazy he'll never win if he
keeps talking crazy no he's talking
exactly the way his base wanted to hear
it for him to get nominated and then
once elected and he needed to talk a
different way he did he paced until he
led what you're seeing
AOC do is talk to her base and when we
when you guys look at it from the
outside most of you are not in her base
you're looking from the outside and
you're saying that's crazy talk we must
stop it that will never go anywhere that
crazy talk could never work her meth
doesn't add up there's no way you can
pay for all these things she's not
talking to you she's talking to the
people who believe that you can't pay
for it she's talking to the people who
think well just raise the raise some
taxes on some rich people how hard can
it be
she's talking to people who even if they
she's saying you know universal
single-payer they'd like to at least
move closer to it right so her message
to her base is kind there perfect
now when you say to her hey you don't
have the facts right you numbers don't
add up you're completely missing the
show the show is that she has your
attention she has her side's attention
and she has your attention and she's
squeezed everybody else off the page all
right if that's not a master persuader
rising and I had the rising because
she's young I think there's a lot to
learn if that's not a master persuader
rising I don't know what what is let's
talk about her tweet to Ben Shapiro so
Ben Shapiro I think most of you what no
matter your opinion of him would agree
that he's insanely smart and
knowledgeable on politics and he he
offered it to debate AOC and offered
$10,000 to charity or something if she
would take it now what was her response
she was sort of in a trap there right
number one she doesn't need to talk to
the right she has no need for that she
doesn't need to explain herself she
doesn't need to make her numbers add up
she has no need for that because she's
talking to her base all right now what
could she say she could say no in which
case it looks like she looks like a
scaredy cat and she would also look like
she didn't know her stuff because if
somebody who really knows stuff asks you
to debate and you say no the assumption
is going to be oh you don't know your
stuff do you what are you doing on the
national stage if you don't know your
stuff if you're afraid to talk to Ben
Shapiro then I guess you don't know your
stuff and so that's the way it would
have been if she just said no or even if
she ignored it there would have been
some of that but what does she do
instead she writes this provocative
tweet saying that he has offered his on
what do you call it on an unrequested
unwanted whatever word she used
it was like catcalling it was like the
you know the debate version of
catcalling and if he watched the news on
the right about all the coverage of her
tweet and how she responded look what
she did let's call this the Rosie
O'Donnell move you're gonna hate this
god you're gonna hate this
I recognize president Trump's skill in
his first debate when he was asked a
question that was a trap you know you
said these things about women what do
you say he should have been the end of
his run because nobody can answer that
question
get away with it president Trump moved
all the energy to a joke to Rosie
O'Donnell it's all you could think about
and you forgot the question because the
answer was more interesting than the
question what did a OSI do she was asked
to join the debate and no matter how she
answered that it would look that would
make her look weak if she took the
debate she would look weak because you
know ben shapiro would mop her up on on
the details i think everybody would
agree with that
even her supporters would probably agree
that she's a little green and that ben's
just got the full arsenal so it wouldn't
be much of a fair fight so that would be
a losing strategy and saying no is a
losing strategy because that's like
surrendering so what does she do she has
no way to win there's just no way for
AOC to get out of this trap that ben
shapiro has set for her just like megan
kelly set a perfect trap for president
Trump in that first debate and then she
Rosie O'Donnell Tim she said that's just
like cat calling if you saw the coverage
of this what was the coverage was the
coverage hey AOC doesn't know how to
debate with somebody who really knows
his stuff
not not that's not what you saw the
entire discussion was how can she say
cat calling my god she is she's just
making it about gender this had nothing
to do about gender
what if Candace Owens and Candace Owens
had also challenged her to a debate and
so Candace is quite logically saying
well you know I'm not I'm not a man why
wouldn't you debate me so your reasoning
is flawed so the entire coverage was
arguing about her choice of referring to
it as something like catcalling I'm
gonna label that strategy as brilliant
from a persuasion perspective because
she took all of the energy from the
question of whether
was incompetent you know in terms of you
know up to speed on the on the facts she
made that completely go away and she
replaced it wholesale with this little
question about catcalling was that the
right thing to say you're watching one
of the highest levels of persuasive game
you've ever seen now I'm seeing somebody
just said it's an insult to women if
that's what you're talking about
she wins if what you're talking about is
that the catcalling tweet was like from
left field and at a place and you know
it's it's you know it's another ism and
it's identity politics if that's what
you're talking about
she wins because remember she's mostly
trying to influence her base and they
probably liked it don't you think her
base looked at that and said oh that's
that's a good one that's like catcalling
you called it it's probably written it's
probably sexist bench bureaus being
sexist I've heard her side probably said
that so I remember in 2015 there were at
least two notable people notable I guess
that's my own word for it there were two
notable people back in 2015 who said
what you're seeing with this candidate
Trump is not normal and that his
persuasion game is crazy
it's just crazy good who were those who
are among those two people mike
Tsarevich and me we were we were other
people were on it too and coulter but
for different reasons so some people
like Ann Coulter were saying that his
policies were what would get him elected
mike Serna and I said oh there's
another level here you're missing which
is the skill the persuasion skill and so
far it's early but so far AOC is
demonstrate
every bit of the potential she's not a
trump level persuader
but her potential she's in the game
right she is she's sitting on the bench
in the big leagues meaning that she can
play herself into the game with a little
bit of practice all right is
attention-grabbing somebody asked is
attention-grabbing
equal to persuading the answer is
persuasion I like to divide into two
parts one is getting attention because
if you don't have attention you can't
persuade and then the other is you know
closing the deal you you notice that
President Trump is an expert at getting
attention and that's 50% of persuasion
because it pushes out all the other
ideas you don't have time you don't have
shelf space in your brain you know it
just moves everything out and the things
we think are important are the things we
think about not because they're
important but because that's what we're
thinking about whatever you spend the
most time thinking about you just
automatically think must be important so
she has made herself important by making
you think about it and surely the people
on her side are noticing that her
profile is rising and between the fact
that she's female and that she's got an
ethnic advantage electorally speaking
they're gonna notice and they're gonna
say even the other side is afraid of her
look at look how much attention the
right gives to trying to debunk her she
is she is one pivot away from being able
to run the table but I think it's her
time is her time is early you know
she'll probably get elected to office if
in office she keeps making news I think
you should expect that she has a future
but it's not gonna be you know this year
or next year that that she changes the
world
um she doesn't even hold an elected
position yet yeah and that's the point
if she's getting this much attention
without even being elected somebody says
Scott you're giving crazy eyes too much
credit I'm only giving her credit her
persuasive ability and I believe at this
point that's not questionable because
you just talked about her with me
all right that's that's a fact
so whoever just made that comment that
said I'm over rating her is engaging in
a conversation about her that's my point
is that we're talking about her that's
that's half of the game and the other
half she showed with that catcalling
tweet the catcalling tweet took it to
another level this shows she knows the
Rosie O'Donnell technique she knows how
to move attention to where she wants it
so you know you can you can discount her
at your peril I am talking about it yes
and the fact that I'm talking about her
and you know in my my previous
conversation I was talking about racism
did you see the number of people who
said boring boring talked about racism
too much move on get to another topic
did you see even one person say that
when I talked about aoc nope
the minute I talked about it suddenly I
had your total attention that's what I'm
talking about all right
so I think that's enough for today and
go enjoy your weekend and remember
nobody has United this country more than
Richard Spencer has United us against
Richard Spencer but hey whatever it
takes and I'll talk to you later