cuz the dynamite Here I am where are you
come on in here
gather round quick run and get your
beverage cuz you know what's coming
by the way I'm using a new microphone so
if anybody has any comments on the
quality of my sound that would be great
hope you can hear me I know why most of
you are here some of you are here for
the incredible entertainment the
innovative thinking the new framing the
learning but others a year for the
simultaneous app grab your cup your mug
your glass you're jealous you were Stein
you were your challenge is that your
tankard get your thermos get your flask
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
join me now for the simultaneous look
delightful well we have fun news today
it's always better when the news is fun
I can't always control that sometimes
the news is not fun sometimes the news
is fun today it's fun I'm going to start
out while people are streaming in here
with Dino Joe Concha
he wrote a read an article in which he
once again not once again but he
repeated the fine people hoax suggesting
the president Trump quotes supported
white nationalist at show built shows
that of course is the opposite of what
happened I don't have to rehash that
you've all seen this transcript you all
know that that's fake news what I did in
response to that was I used a very
vulgar profanity in my reply now I'm not
going to repeat it because I'm trying to
stay nice and on these things
whoever said and no sound you get to be
blocked because you're a troll so
I used a very offensive reference let's
just say that I gave the Lord a middle
name and in my tweet when I showed my
frustration with the continuation of
this hoax especially since it was coming
from Joe Concha who is not associated
with the left I gave the Lord a middle
name in my reply needless to say if some
people resisted that and said Scott
Scott Scott we don't like your blasphemy
we agree with your point but I certainly
can retweet that because you use such a
profane way of describing it here's what
you need to know it was intentional' and
it was supposed to offend that was the
built-in error if you want something to
go viral a really good way to do it is
to build in a mistake
something the Egyptians have done
something that makes people read it and
then say for whatever reason I'm gonna
spend some time on this I'll write him
to tell him his language is bad I will I
will
you know I'll I will say that I'm
offended if I can get you to do that
that's the point
so everybody who wrote to me to say
Scott I do not like your use of this
vulgar term just know that that's why I
used it because I wanted to hurt I want
people who were been passing this homes
around to stop and say my goodness
what's the problem so I'm using a
directional mic by the way instead of
stay to my clip off so it's brand-new
mic it's directional all right see too
many people say put on the other
microphone so we will end it this
experiment for this excuse me
bear with me all right back to the
directional microphone apparently the
the best technology for sound is is this
little wired $10 microphone there this
is an expensive one it's got a little
thing on and everything looks like you
know Don King but doesn't work none of
the directional mic sound good anyway
back to my point the reason I swore is
to get people's attention and I'm trying
to get rid of the last leg of Trump
derangement syndrome a three-legged
stool so this is an update you've seen
this before
Trump derangement syndrome depends on
lots of lots of beliefs but there are
three that are central one was the rush
occlusion hoax and that leg got knocked
out one was he's crazy and the longer he
goes without doing anything that's that
could be identified as crazy the less
believable that is so I think time alone
and success has made this not a problem
do you know what would have been a
problem if he had met the Queen and he'd
done something completely crazy all
right when you see Trump in a in a
situation where he really really really
should not be playing around he doesn't
if he goes to a funeral if he goes to
visit the Queen if he has you know a
state visit totally well behaved
it's just when he he finds advantage in
being outrageous such as on Twitter he
doesn't so I think time has shown that
he knows how to control the craziness
and that it's very much like my cursing
in that tweet it all has utility what's
left is this crazy little hoax that he
once called the neo-nazis and white
nationalists in Charlottesville find
people that's literally the opposite of
what he said you can change you can look
at the transcript it's right there in
writing you could look at it
that the hoax is because people play the
first part before he says the sentence
I'm not talking about the white
nationalist and what and neo-nazis they
should be competin totally if you cut
out that second part it reverses his
meaning so that's where the hoax comes
from so Trump derangement syndrome is
teetering on the the one remaining leg
of the stool you can keep one legged
stool up if you have really good balance
and that's sort of what's happening so
to see Joe Concha repeat that as if it
were true was disappointing to the
extreme I mean I don't often get
disappointed that's not one of the
emotions I feel but I'm kind of
disappointed in that I will say in the
interest of completeness let me say that
it doesn't necessarily mean he wrote the
article or that he wrote that sentence
it may not be true that he wrote that
sentence there could have been an editor
involved you know could have been
anything so let's not assume that he
believes it but it was in the article
all right I'm gonna give you a
suggestion for reducing the massive gun
shootings now before I do this I want
obviously this is one of this is one of
the more controversial topics so I'm
going to see if I can introduce a new
thought to an old topic got in control
and I'm going to start with the
assumption that nobody should take your
gun away so I'm gonna start with an NRA
should be somewhat compatible maybe not
we'll see here's the idea and by the way
this is not intended to eliminate all
gun problems it's intended to take off I
don't know maybe 10% risk of their mass
shootings something like that so I'm not
I'm not trying to take it all out with
one move trying to chip away at it and
here it is suppose there were a law that
said that if you buy a gun legally you
go through the process the government
knows who you are that there is a
separate law that you that the gun train
action would be reported to your
personal doctor the doctor of your
choice but it'd be your personal doctor
think about it if you buy a gun the
purchase would be reported to your
doctor but notice they're coming in let
me just fill it out now I think you know
by now that when I make a suggestion
like this I'm not suggesting that we do
it I'm suggesting that it's part of the
idea the idea storm all right so my
right might remind you of something
that's a better idea without actually
being the good idea so let me let me
explain it and then I know a lot of you
will not like it anyway but let's fill
it out the idea is this 99 times out of
100 the doctor will get the notice and
say why do I care citizen has a gun no
big deal a lot of people have guns I
have no reason to think this is a
problem but every now and then there's
gonna be a doctor who says oh this is
something I need to look into a little
bit more maybe I should call him in
maybe I should get a colleague to talk
to them or let's say that the person
buying the gun specifies a doctor and
then that doctor doesn't exist or
doesn't specify doctor or chooses not to
specify a doctor what then well perhaps
a doctor should visit that person maybe
there should be some kind of a doctor on
call for somebody who doesn't have their
own doctor so the idea is this if it's
say if it's a mental health problem and
not a gun problem why should we be
afraid to treat it like a mental health
problem the people who most want to
protect their guns are very clear on
this about the mass shootings I think
you would say it's not the availability
of the gun that caused the mass shooting
that's one of the variables they had to
exist but it's not the reason the reason
is because the person is crazy so if you
deal with the crazy you're not gonna get
it all but every now and then you're
gonna find a doctor who says ping I got
a problem here I'd better talk to this
guy the solution is not that the doctor
has the gun taken away I suppose in some
extreme cases that might be what happens
but rather than the doctor is a little
more aggressive in applying some
counseling getting some help for
somebody testing to make sure that they
don't have any issues so that's the idea
that may not be the good version of the
idea but put that into the mix because
if you treat it like it's a it's a
health mental health problem you got to
bring a doctor in if you say it's a
mental health problem and you're not
bringing a doctor in when it's still
early enough to do something about it
then you don't think it's a mental
health problem let me challenge you this
way for those of you who just said
absolutely no no no I don't want anybody
else involved knowing I have a gun then
you don't believe it's a mental health
problem if you believe it's a health
problem
you're bringing the doctor otherwise you
don't believe it you don't believe it if
you don't want the doctors involved
period all right I can't be convinced on
that now obviously you know there
there's the problem that it's
implemented wrong etc but that's a
separate just think about that one for a
while okay we'll let that lay there for
a while and percolate you saw that one
of Muller's
key witnesses somebody who is who has
mentioned many times in the Muller
report and got arrested for child
pornography
George RF Nader now if you were on the
team that wanted the Muller report to
say let's go and Beach that president
you're having a bad week you know it's
bad enough that avenatti
turned out to be avenatti but when one
of your key witnesses turns out to be
accused or actually arrested for child
pornography you're just having a bad
week that's what a bad week
like now CNN was talking about a new
poll about the candidates switching
topics and I want to give you an update
on what that looks like based on the new
polling so here's the interesting things
I pull down 59% of people polled this is
us voters 59 percent of them have quote
never heard of Peabody Judge so nearly
nearly 60% of the entire country has
never even heard of this made people
judge now you and I and everybody
listening through this we're all just
going wah wah
how could you not hear a peep good a
judge the only way you could not know
who Peabody judges is if you don't
listen to any news
and apparently 60% of the country
doesn't listen to any news isn't that
funny
now you knew that you knew that people
didn't follow the news maybe as much as
you do you know every time when I have a
try to have a conversation with a
civilian so I'm treating all of you like
your political professionals alright you
and I we do this every day you know we
follow the news we we know most of the
candidates or rather the Democrat side
but most of the country they're just
civilians they just want to live their
life they're trying to ignore all of
this they have no idea what's going on
in the country if you've never even
heard a Peabody judge you don't follow
any news because it would just
accidentally be there all the time
you couldn't possibly miss it yeah the
first the first candidate with a it was
a man with a husband running for
president and he's in the top five in
the polls and you haven't even heard of
the name all right so that's the most
shocking thing even though it's not
surprising in general kamala harris is
viewed positively by only 52% of
Democrat leading voters
well only half of Democrats view Kamala
Harris positively you have no chance of
getting elected with that kind of a
number now you know thoroughly one
imagines that if she did all the right
things she didn't prove that but the
most famous thing what is the most
famous thing you know about Kamala
Harris Connell Harrison if you've been
watching television this week the the
only notable thing she did is she had
somebody take her microphone away from
her on stage when she was at some event
some protester walked up and she just
handed her microphone to him and enacted
shocked now here's the problem you have
you ask yourself would President Trump
have handed over a microphone to a
protester maybe yeah maybe because I
think she actually didn't know what was
going on it looked like she was may be
confused thought he was with the mighty
thought he was with the production maybe
she was just being smart
it was just smarter to let him have it
and let other people deal with it you
know she's not gonna stand up and fight
him right so I don't fault Carla Harris
in any way she didn't do anything wrong
but man did it look bad it looked weak
weak weak weak weak weak weak and you
can't imagine an adult male handing over
that microphone I'm sorry but there's
there's a sexist element to this because
this is a sexist country we do see
things that way
and I'm not saying you should see that
way and by no means should you see it
that way again Carla Harris did nothing
there wasn't anything but smart she she
avoided a problem she did nothing wrong
but it sure didn't look like she played
his strong she looked weak so I would
say at the moment come lares looks like
she has no chance of beating the
president but she still might get
nominated because she's in the top three
or four in the polling and the ones
above her are two people who also can't
get elected president
so what else do we have 32 - voters over
so voters overwhelmingly said in this
poll that it would be a better approach
for the Democratic candidate so these
are Democrats Democrat leading voters
they said overwhelmingly it would be
better for whoever is the candidate to
focus on bringing quote quote bringing
Democrats together as opposed to
focusing on their dissatisfaction with
Trump only 15 percent wanted to focus on
dissatisfaction with Trump do you know
why because most Democrats have figured
out he's not doing so bad
only 15 percent of actual voters want
the candidate to focus on Trump being a
bad present think about that what that
means that sort of a is sort of a
reverse approval poll meaning than it
tells you Democrats do not disapprove of
this president in the way we are led to
believe yeah 15 1 5 15 percent according
to this poll you know polls are always
sketchy especially this time this early
in the season but that only 15% wanted
the Democrat to focus on the
dissatisfaction now it doesn't say that
only 15% are dissatisfied with the
president because we know that would be
a much bigger number it would be like
80% 90% if you ask them that direct
question but if you ask them should we
focus on getting our own act coordinated
being good Democrats or should we focus
on how bad a president they say 15% only
think you such a bad president but
that's why you should focus on booze
doing a walkthrough that's pretty strong
indication that Trump's going to get
reelected but let's talk about Joe Biden
here's here's the biggest news and I
wanted to save it boo just
insists on being part of this boo
I'll let boo watch Joe Biden announced
his climate change plan that's right Joe
Biden announced a major fairly detailed
as detailed as these kinds of plans can
be a fairly detailed plan for dealing
with climate change the amount he wants
to spend is tiny compared to what a OC
wants to spend so he's he's as
aggressive as a OC in terms of rhetoric
and and priority but he's got a plan
that would spend much less she's got a
plan there would be sort of dangerous
and bigger are you waiting for the best
part he's very Pro nuclear energy Joe
Biden is very Pro nuclear energy and
specifically developing the new the new
types that he talks about with small
reactors that's the generation for he
doesn't use the generation for but I
think when he talks about building small
reactors that is generation four so I'm
gonna do the thing that U is always
shocking I'm gonna be open-minded it's
so strange to hear that from anybody
talking about politics that I know this
will be unsettling for some of you if
climate change word my biggest issue
it's not but if it were my biggest issue
I would support Joe Biden he has the
best plan by far sorry if climate change
really is the big issue that people vote
on Joe Biden should be president he
delivered I only skimmed his plan but in
my on my first look it's it's the adult
thing to do he focused on nuclear he
doesn't put it in the title he buries it
a little bit because he has to but if
that were the only thing you cared about
Joe Biden is who you should
vote for as of this moment now I'm
optimistic that some kind of a I don't
trump platform would have a big focus on
nuclear - but we haven't seen it you
know the administration is doing lots of
stuff that is pro-nuclear but you don't
see the president talking about it and
Biden who I think will not become
president nailed it
I'm just gonna be honest you know you
know I think you know that if if he had
blown this if he had done a bad job on
this climate proposal I'd be telling you
I tell you he blew it I'd be laughing at
it I'd be mocking it I'd be saying how
he was gonna go down and in humiliating
defeat I'd be saying all that but he
didn't he did he came up with an adult
affordable pretty good-looking plan I
don't know if every part and it's good
but nobody knows that so I hate to say
he just took a commanding lead on the
let's say the leadership of one of the
most important one of the most important
points in the country and he just took
the leadership clearly he owns it and so
it's a challenge for Trump now I do
think the Trump will have a response
that's that's going to be you know I
think it'll be he'll have a credible
response we have to wait for that but
damn Joe Biden he just delivered a plan
that could work we can afford it and
it's right on point at least in the
nuclear part being an emphasis so think
about that did not see that coming but
I'm not gonna take that away from him
all right we still have the problem that
or Joe Biden is from there he doesn't
want to appear on camera too much
because the more we see of him the less
we'll like him and I say that in the
funny way
but that's actually literally their
strategy is to show less of Joe Biden
because the more you see the less you
like him we saw that president Trump's
approval when he first started
campaigning for the office was around
10% the day he started and the more we
saw Trump the more we liked it the
voters the more we see Joe Biden I think
the less we're gonna like him so and
part of that is the contrast because
Trump is so interesting and sort of
powerful in his approach and Joe is
gonna look like thee he's gonna look
like the the black and white version of
the Technicolor Trump it's just he's
just not going to match up well and
that's really gonna hurt him and he's
sleepy that's right all right I think
that was where my main points let me
check my oh here's the question for you
you know I always tell you to look for
the empty space you know don't look at
just what the news is look at what the
news isn't that you would have expected
to be here's some news I would have
expected and I'm surprised by its
absence what was the last time you heard
of black lives matter think about it
when was the last time black lives
matter were in the news now every now
and then I'll see that part Newsom's
marching or something in New York City
but it seems really limited to maybe New
York City and it just disappeared didn't
it correct me if I'm wrong it
disappeared in an tyfa i guess i don't
know are they marching now and then in
portland or something but that's about
it
when was the last time you saw anti-fog
did an tyfa just sort of disappear
because there's nothing that would be
better for President Trump than to see a
lot of Anti Fog people marching with
masks and beating people with clubs like
they normally do somebody says I can't
just destroyed Hawk
um I don't I wouldn't put it that way
but she's certainly the stronger voice
just just ask yourself could the
president lose this election when black
lives matter
can't even get attention now part of it
might be that there hasn't been a
high-profile police shooting of a black
man who as far as we can tell was
unarmed or wasn't wasn't wasn't doing
anything that should have got him shot
so it could be that we're just one you
know one police action away from it
being all over the place so you don't
want to act too quickly and say it's
going because it might not be gone but
it looks like it's got to go on as far
as I could tell you saw I think you all
probably all saw the news of the two
Democratic hopefuls that are way down in
the polls they they both have less than
1% Hickenlooper is one and I'd already
remember the other guy's name but they
both got booed by by their own
Democratic base for segment socialism
wouldn't work so as long as you've got
Democrats out there saying that the
central tenant of a lot of the Democrats
plans can't possibly work Delaney is the
other one somebody's prompting me as
long as they're out there saying it
won't work you have such a you know such
a disorganized Democratic base it's just
hard to see it's just hard to see that
the Democrats could prevail with that
kind of atmosphere all right I saw so
CNN was trying to embarrass Jared
Kushner for his interview by Axios in
which he said a few things and they he
he tried to avoid some specific
questions so I'll tell you I'll tell you
what he did and then I'll tell you how
well he did it so the one of the
questions was he was asked so Jared
Krishna was asked
in the interview do you think the
birtherism was racists and Jared kept
saying something along the lines of I
was not involved in that so that's not
really the answer they had the answer is
what's your opinion is birtherism racist
and he kept saying why wasn't involved
in any of that and the interviewer asked
him several times and he kept giving the
same non answer was that good
performance or bad well CNN replayed it
as look at this this answer this is so
of avoiding at 7:00 he did say he added
he's known the president for a long time
and there are no racists you know bones
and his body some some message like that
so Jared did say directly you know to
the base problem that's not true
he simply avoided the birtherism topic
by saying he wasn't avoided he wasn't
part of it doesn't need to talk about it
I give that a pass I'm gonna say that
even though it looked awkward when you
saw it he didn't have many ways to go
with that so because his you can always
get away with more if you're in
character so in other words what we know
about Jared Kushner is he doesn't get
into that kind of stuff that's that's
almost his brand Jared Kushner doesn't
get into that kind of stuff
he's more about policy he's more about
getting stuff done so because his brand
is I don't get into that kind of stuff
giving it answers that would be really a
terrible answer if you were a senator if
you were one of these Talking Heads who
was always fighting to be on TV that
would be a terrible answer but because
he's Jared Kushner his brand is I don't
even get into that stuff
his evasive answer was on brand yes
honestly one of the best things about
him you know
I think there are a lot of good things
about Jared Kushner
he's obviously obviously crazy smart
capable doing I think doing amazing
stuff as far as I can
the things we know about are pretty
amazing so he's probably you know one of
the most important people in in the
world right now I would say because in
his position but he gets a complete
complete good grade for staying in
character which is he doesn't address
the BS stuff then he was asked some
other provocative question where the
whole the whole point of it was to get
him in a quote that could be taken in a
context and so instead of doing the
quote that could be taken in the context
he said it's hard to do hypotheticals so
is one of these well what if blah blah
blah and he said that's you know oh I
think it was would you take that meeting
again about the Trump Tower meeting you
know wouldn't you do it if it came if
something like that came up again or
something similar like that came up
again would you take the meeting and
Jared said it's hard to do hypotheticals
so he he just wouldn't address it pretty
good answer now when you're watching it
it looks a little awkward and you say
hey that's sort of avoidy
but again completely in character he's
the guy who avoids the dumb questions
right that's who he is that's like his
brand if you ask me a dumb political
question I'm gonna avoid it I'll avoid
it today if he asked me tomorrow I'll
avoid it then and I'll avoid it the next
day why because they're not important
it's not me it's not what I do it's not
my brand it's not anything I want to
deal with pretty good all right so as
awkward as it looked when it was taken
in a context and showed by CNN that's
you know like like it was the main thing
he was talking about when in fact it was
the least important thing he was talking
about I would say it was a good a good
way to approach it because he was on on
his own brand and when you do that you
can get away with a lot
just the way President Trump can insult
he can insult the Mayor of London in a
tweet like really insulting
president Trump can insult somebody on
Twitter he can insult their height their
intelligence
why because we accept that that's who he
is
as long as Trump is being Trump he gets
a little bit of leeway Jared Kushner is
not Trump if Jared Kushner had insulted
a public leader I would say who is this
guy
I don't know him now and enjoys or you
always have a little less trust for
somebody you don't know oh I don't know
what he's gonna do in a certain
situation I don't know what to think of
this so as long as Jared is in his own
personality and consistent to it as long
as the presidents and so impersonality
and consistent to it they both have more
leeway to operate as long as they stay
within their brand I hope I haven't said
that too much so I think that was all
the fun we had today I would remind you
that my youtube channel is where these
things get downloaded and then
eventually uploaded an hour or so and
you could just google the phrase real
coffee with Scott Adams and you could
find it oh about my YouTube experiment
so I did a couple of YouTube well I did
a few videos from periscope that went to
youtube in which I tested the idea that
if I use the words in peach and Trump
would I get more traffic than if I said
something else
so I both of my videos overperform the
average so I have debunked the notion
that the title would make one of them be
suppressed and the other would not be
suppressed they both performed above my
average so this is no kind of scientific
you know it's not any kind of scientific
study or anything like that
by anecdotally I did something they
should have shown a difference if the if
the finger on the scale was a heavy
finger there would have been a
difference wasn't a difference okay
updating you on something I said
yesterday in which I got a fact wrong
and there's something that we can learn
from this
remember most of you know I said
yesterday that I couldn't understand
unless there was something mischievous
going on why in the-- ethany scare
Moochie who had been following me on
twitter for a couple years suddenly had
to reef all oh me because i noticed
that's my cat again sorry because i
noticed he had reef all at me the other
day and I thought oh there's no way that
he intentionally ever unfollowed me like
that seemed very unlikely so why would
he ever need to refill me and I checked
his account and it's his original
account with lots of followers so he
didn't change his account so what could
it be the explanation so I said to
myself there's the only explanation is
that he got automatically unfollowed the
way so many people have and I happen to
notice that because he's a blue check I
learned yesterday that there was another
reason and this is very instructive
because a lot of the things we think
about the world are not by direct
observation they're by process of
elimination meaning that something
happened that's the part you know about
and your interpretation of it is within
the within the bounds of things you can
imagine you don't interpret something
using something you can't imagine right
so I experienced a failure of
imagination I could think of no other
reason that Anthony's Gurmukhi would
delete me I'm sorry blocked me not
blocked me unfollowed me and then a
follow me could think of no reason turns
out there's a really good reason as
somebody who deformed me later
yeah and the reason was he had been
following thousands and thousands of
people he paired it daft back to a
hundred or so people so he went from
thousands he was following to a hundred
or so and then I found myself added back
so once you know that it's kind of
obvious what happened
he pared down who he was following from
thousands to a few and then he you know
adjusted it toward the end to add back a
few people that maybe got unfollowed
that he wanted to follow anyway
and I heard another blue another blue
check told me yesterday and that's the
same thing happened and then somebody
else separately he told me that he had
gone from thousands to a hundred or so
so that's all that happened
now take that lesson because I'm
certainly taking that lesson the lesson
is just because I couldn't imagine why
it happened that doesn't mean I know why
I happened
it only means I can't imagine who I
happened that's all that's where the
thinking should stop something happened
I can't imagine all the possibilities
I'm done I don't know why happened
that's where I should have stopped but
because we are confirmation bias
machines and we've been talking about
throttling and shadow banning and all
these things didn't every one of you
think well there's no reason they have
things scare Moochie would suddenly
unfollow him and then follow them there
it makes no sense it had to be had to be
mischief so probably not
anyway the social media platforms it
looks like the government is going to
take a deep dive in their into their
situation yesterday I opened an account
on parlor P AR le AR it's a Twitter
competitor we'll start up their claim is
that they will be less less biased in
their algorithms and you know you can
get away with more
apparently I opened it just so it's on
hot standby somebody's saying it's
pronounced parlay but in fact I heard
the I heard one of the founders talking
about it and it's actually pronounced
parlor P AR le AR had it been a foreign
word you would pronounce it the other
way but it's pronounced parlor I don't
know if I'll be tweeting on there if
that's what it's called or or posting on
there but it's open and now I have a
backup so it were I to be banned from
Twitter I would
I would have a backup but it would be
obviously a small audience so does I
just have a an emergency backup there
somebody says bad moves splitting Trump
base 18 months out should fight instead
no you are not hearing me I'm saying I'm
staying in twitter twitter is my primary
platform I would like that not to change
but if it got changed for reasons that
were not my decision that's where I woke
up that's all let's say for today I will
talk to you all later