don't pop guess what time it is that's
right you guessed correctly it's time
for Scott for coffee with Scott Adams I
forgot who I was and what I was doing
here for a moment not that unusual but I
know why you're here you're here for the
simultaneous up doesn't take much to
enjoy the simultaneous sip and everybody
knows it's the dopamine dia that gets
you going from the rest of the day it's
the best part of the day hey car P
Duncan good to see you and the rest of
you Jordi always good to see you
Kim well you know what you need you need
to cover a mug or glasses stein the
chalice detector it's a flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip the part that makes
everything else just go better now I got
myself a little coffee warmer now no
more cold coffee for me I have upgraded
so let's talk about the news okay we're
done talking about the news because
there's no news there's just a bunch of
made-up stuff that people are selling it
as news I'm almost I'm almost positive
things happen somewhere in the world
didn't we used to call that news what
happened to all the stuff happening
check cnn.com and then fox news calm and
find me some actual news there's nothing
happening in the world the whole world
is just on summer vacation apparently
now I don't think that's true they're
probably just as many things happening
as usual but for some reason they're not
making it to being newsworthy let me
tell you some of the things that are new
worthy Mario Lopez said something
insensitive about transgender children
that's like a major headline and what
did what did Mario say about transgender
children before I make this comment I
will remind you that I'm very Pro
transgender and I've been arguing that
they should have more access to sports
especially but I haven't really talked
about transgender children and
apparently Mario Lopez said this deeply
offensive thing he said that if your kid
has you know maybe the potential to be
trapped in the wrong gender is that the
appropriate way to say it I don't know
all the appropriate words so if I
accidentally offends anybody don't mean
to so Mario Lopez was saying about
children deciding what their own gender
is you said that parents have to be the
quote adults of the situation and wait
until their child's formative years to
make determinations about gender or
transition and for that
Mario Lopez might lose his job are you
kidding me yeah I don't know it seems
like yeah there ought to be some kind of
an age limit on that now the worst-case
scenario worst-case scenario he was
wrong this is sort of a a parenting
technique right it's not like you saying
bad things about transgender but what
part of this is bad in terms of you know
bigotry or anything like that about
transgender this is technique he's
talking about technique it's either true
you know right or wrong if an expert
says you know Mario I see where you're
coming from but the technique should be
different and then makes the case then
you compare the two techniques and you
go back I don't know if anybody's
measured this has anybody done a study
for example
was ready science they were back one way
of parenting over the other in this
specific case maybe I don't know but the
worst-case scenario is that Mario had a
suboptimal parenting strategy for an
unusual situation which he hasn't
experienced that's it that's the worst
thing this could be and the news is that
he might get fired over it really
there's nothing in this this suggests
any kind of what we call a bigotry
against transgender in fact it seems
very accommodating it feels like it
feels like he's open to it all he just
wants to have a technique that you know
plays the odds the best yeah yeah I know
we're talking about three-year-olds here
so easy the writer is wrong but I don't
think you get fired over that if you do
it's a bad world I have a merit mario
lopez story you want to hear my Mario
Lopez story I was at an airport in LA
Burbank or some place some smaller
Airport in LA and went into the gift
shop and you know Airport gift shops
they're just a little hole in the wall
fairly small space and there are only
two people in the gift shop one of them
is the cashier and the other is Mario
Lopez
so as me and Mario Lopez it was this
little this little airport gift shop and
here's the weird thing
you probably know he's unusually you
know fit he's really muscular and buffed
out and he was wearing I believe he was
wearing like a tank top you know t-shirt
so like his entire shoulders and arms
are hanging out and it was actually
uncomfortable being in the same small
space with him because it he's actually
so he's so good-looking in person that
you feel like you're you don't want to
look and you don't want to stand next to
it
it's actually it was actually
uncomfortable to be in the same space
with him while he was half naked looking
all buffed out I'll probably get fired
for that if I had a job all right um
let's see what else we got going on
I guess ben shapiro
had said that the Connell Harris moment
is over and he thinks it's now becoming
a Joe Biden versus Elizabeth Warren race
and it's doing so quickly he likened
Harris's previous rise in the polls to
Carly Fiorina having a good week and
then then physically well I don't know
he might be right I'm not gonna say that
that's wrong I'm gonna say it's
premature because here's what I think is
gonna happen we don't know what happens
when Biden's poll numbers decrease
because I think they will where do those
votes go do you think a Joe Biden vote
would more likely go from the more
centrist Biden supporter do you think
those votes would be transferred over to
one of the two most radical people
running Elizabeth Warren do you go from
centrist conservative type of Democrat
to the most extreme when you change
horses because the the biggest change
will be people abandoning Biden and then
choosing a second choice what will
people choose will they choose Warren or
would they choose Harris well I think a
lot of people are going to choose Harris
and then the second thing they you need
to look at is what the matchups look
like in the States
so and the timing of that so whoever's
whoever seems to be polling best in the
early States as big as a big advantage
so I'm gonna say I'm gonna keep my calm
Lou Harris prediction it might be right
it might be wrong
showing my work and and here's the basic
calculation I think they want to beat
Trump more than they want anything else
I think that if you have a woman running
you've got you know you're locking in a
lot of women voters if you have a person
of color about running you're gonna lock
in a lot of people who like that or
identify with it and Harris brings both
I'm reading that the biggest the biggest
hit from Tulsi Gabbard was the hypocrisy
hit which was you put all these
marijuana violators in jail which I
don't like a bit one bit but it was the
law at the same time you laughed when
you were asked if you smoked marijuana
now the attack here is issues they mean
heartless person who just put people in
jail for a crime that she herself
committed well I just don't know that
people care about that topic at all
because I think almost everybody looks
at it and says wait what was her job her
job was prosecutor and what was the law
this stuff was against the law what
choices yet did she have a lot of choice
about who she prosecuted I don't know if
that's an evidence how much how much
choice do you have
if something's clearly against the law
and you have somebody in custody who
clearly broke that law does the
prosecutor get to say you know I don't
like that law I think all I think I just
won't do that one do they have that
option I don't know now of course have
been quite vocal about wanting to
decriminalize or legalize marijuana so I
don't like it one bit
that she put people in jail over
marijuana offenses but it might a better
job you know if hadn't been her that and
wouldn't the next person they put in
that job we have to prosecute people
because they broke the law I don't know
what choice she had so I don't know the
people's situation and they say if I
were in that situation I would have
played it differently because you
wouldn't have you wouldn't have
you would not have played that situation
differently if it were your job to be a
prosecutor you probably would prosecute
people who broke the law even if you
didn't like those laws so the people
claiming that there was some kind of a
tan knocking on punch I didn't see it I
did see calmly Harris looking
unconfident and I'm going to say again
because I think this is so important she
doesn't act this is Komal Harris I'm
talking about she doesn't act like she
thinks she belongs in the White House
she acts like somebody who's been forced
to pretend she's a candidate meaning she
doesn't seem like she has conviction
that she's the one who needs to be there
that she's the future that she's the one
and and it comes across in her reactions
when other the other candidates are
attacking her you can see it at her body
language and her expressions and all
that but because I'm wrong somebody's
saying I'm wrong I almost said that
because I'm wrong no because I'm older
than many of you there's something I've
seen that many of you haven't seen
before and what I've seen is how
people's confidence or at least the way
they project their confidence can change
on a dime I'll give you my my own
example when I first submitted my sample
of comic strips to syndication the
companies to see if I could get a job as
a cartoonist meaning I was I wanted to
be published and represented by these
cartoons syndication companies and
they're the ones who sell it to the
newspapers etc so I was trying to give
my big break
send some samples in and most of them
rejected me but one of them it was
called a United media at the time
doesn't exist anymore
but the editor for United media called
me and said hey we want to give you a
contract now I had just been rejected by
another comic syndication company and
they said that maybe I should find an
actual artist to do the drawing for me
that's actually the advice I got I try I
was trying to become a
cartoonists and the feedback I got from
a top professional in the field and
literally from the the biggest or
second-biggest cartoon syndicate in the
world the most important person who
makes this sort of decision in the whole
world said to me personally you know
maybe you should find an actual artist
to do the drawing for you
ouch but so I thought I had you know
done everything I was gonna do and and
cartooning wasn't going to work out for
me
but there was one phone call left and it
was the one that that came in later and
and when she offered me a contract I
said wow you know that's great but do
you think I should find an actual artist
maybe to work with maybe I could find a
partner I'll do the writing the actual
artist will do the drug for me and my
editor who had just made the offer to be
a syndicated cartoonist said to me no
your drawing is fine
she said my drawing was fine just the
way it was
she didn't say you're almost there she
didn't say we can get you there
she totally Wizard of Oz to me you know
The Wizard of Oz story The Wizard just
tells them they have the qualities in
the Nate they suddenly have them because
they've been given the confidence that
they're smart or the confidence that
they could be brave so my editor tells
me that I am an artist she tells me that
I'm not only a cartoon artist having
never been paid for anything in this
realm whatsoever she tells me that I'm a
cartoon artist at a world-class level
and she said it plainly that I was a
world-class if she didn't use those
words but the implication is she was
hiring me for the the highest level of
cartooning that you can do which is a
syndicated cartoonist it's the highest
paid highest prestige and she said there
was nothing wrong with the way I drew
here's the fun part of the story I've
been drawing for all my life so I knew
what I was capable of and
I wasn't and I wasn't really capable of
drawing well if you've seen my early
comics you know I'm not exaggerated and
I'm not I'm not being humble I was not
good at drawing period but she told me I
was within one week I was good at
drawing after a lifetime of not being
good at drawing one person who was the
right person who was the expert who was
credible said no you aren't you actually
are a good artist it's fine just the way
it is and within one week I was a good
artist it was amazing I watched my own
work and because someone told me that I
could do this suddenly I could it was
almost overnight and you know he kept
improving and I you know I stabilized it
after a while
you're after a number of years you just
sort of lock in a look because you don't
want the look to to move too much but it
is very common for people to you know
take a bit of confidence and completely
change their game I watched a boss of
mine years ago at the first time I saw
this happen
i watch the boss of mine get promoted
I'm sorry
I watched a co-worker of mine get
promoted to become a boss over the whole
department and when it happened I
thought to myself man that was the wrong
decision because this person this
co-worker didn't didn't seem to exhibit
any kind of leadership leadership
charisma or Talent
seemed like sort of a nervous maybe more
of a beta personality than an alpha and
I thought to myself how is this going to
work out this is a person there's a
really good at their job where they are
but doesn't exhibit any of the qualities
you'd expect of a leader or a manager
two weeks later look just like a manager
look just like a manager so in two weeks
this person who got the job and it was
essentially told no you actually have
more talent than than what it takes to
do your current job your talent is up
here you should be a pretty important
leader and within two weeks I watched
people become the person that they had
been told they were it's it's a very
basic element of the human condition
that you will become the person that
you're you're told
let me give you another example I got
invited to visit the set of a sci-fi
called Babylon five years ago because
they were I'd made some mention about it
being my favorite TV show and I think
I'd said it in Reader's Digest in an
article or something and so they invited
me is just a thank you they invited me
to have a small part on the sci-fi
series called Babylon 5 and during one
of the staff get-togethers and breaks
the staff gathered around to sort of
thanked me and just sort of kept me
commemorate the fact that I was visiting
because I was I was a bigger I was a
bigger celebrity back then for for
Dilbert and the showrunner who was the
writer and the I guess executive
producer what was his name
somebody will remind me of his name in
the comments here but he gave a little
speech to the group just you know
thanking me for coming by etc and yet he
had this quote that came from somebody
else but I don't know what it was and it
was referring to the fact that I had
called
Straczynski thank you his last name is
Rosinski J michael Straczynski and I had
said prior to going to visit I had said
in the interview I think that it was the
most well-written show of that genre so
I really liked the writing on Babylon 5
and I'd said that and the the writer who
was this hugely successful had his own
series he was the boss etc he said that
in mental Latium that I
I complimented his writing and he said
this he said quoting somebody else I
can't remember he said you're not a
writer until another writer says you are
and I've never forgotten that yeah of
course he's a good writer so he's a
great writer so that's why he says
things you remember for the rest of your
life because he's a great writer so and
I thought about that
and I thought that I thought I was just
a fan you know now just saying what I
liked about the show but I could tell
that it was transformative to him in a
small way it didn't make him go from you
know bad to good but I could tell it
wasn't a regular compliment I thought it
was when I when I gave him the
compliment I thought it was just
ordinary fan gets a compliment but when
I realized that the importance of it was
that I was a famous writer at the time I
had best-selling books and the Dilbert
comic was doing great so being
complimented by a writer is something
that isn't like being complimented by a
fan there's there's no comparison they
they turn you into a different person so
that's what he meant it turned him into
a writer by being complimented by a
writer now he was already a highly
successful writer but the point is that
other people's opinion of you can shape
you fairly quickly all right this is all
getting back to Camilla Harris
I took a and I'll get get to her in a
moment I took a Dale Carnegie course
years ago I talked about this all the
time so I'll just give you the quick
version it was a whole bunch of people
who were bad at public speaking very
nervous and had no self confidence who
went there to learn to give a public
presentation without looking like a
basket case now I wasn't as bad as they
were
coming into it I had a little natural
ham and miso it wasn't I didn't have as
much trouble in front of people but I
also didn't have the full technique but
I watched an entire class of people go
from sweaty messes to confident
presenters in a few weeks
simply because and this is the the
entire technique is that we only had one
rule
the class compliments only that was the
only rule you couldn't criticize
anybody's speaking job in front of you
is yall's we spoke in front of each
other and that and the instructor would
never say anything negative that was the
only rule and that alone just that one
rule turned an entire room full of
sweaty shaking unconfident people into
some of the best public speakers you'll
ever see and it's a lifelong skill never
goes away what was the difference how
much technique did we learn in the class
a little but none of it was important it
was all the stuff you've heard before or
you could read the book so the technique
we learned was trivial what we learned
was an experience we experienced talking
in front of the crowd and then people
saying good things about us we
experienced that every time we talked in
front of a crowd no matter how poorly it
went the instructor would tell us what
we did right so we learned like dogs
that if we spoke in front of a crowd
we'd get a reward until that's who you
are you become wired that way now when
if you tell me if you said Scott there's
gonna be this thing we'd like you to
come and speak in front of a thousand
people on whatever whatever the topic is
that doesn't matter to the point when I
hear that my first impression is well
that would be fun
I actually think about standing in front
of a thousand people on stage and
thinking I think I'd enjoy that now you
know that the average person if they are
presented with it the possibility of
standing in front of a thousand people
and presenting would be the most
frightening thing they'd ever done in
their life that would have been true for
the entire class of Dale Carnegie people
but I'll betcha almost everyone in that
class could easily stand in front of a
thousand people and enjoy it enjoy it
not just do well enjoy it while they're
on the stage and look forward to it
so those are the types of incredible
transformations that happen almost
instantly
but there's situational you have to have
the situation right so that there's a
credible compliment given to the subject
you're talking about somebody somebody
can go from not believing that they're
qualified to suddenly saying I am
qualified and the moment that happens
the moment your confidence goes from I
don't know how I look I'm worried about
how I'm being received the moment that
changes - I'm good at this you can see
it if that happens with Kamala Harris
you're gonna see it and it's gonna be
glorious it might not happen I'm
predicting it's gonna happen if if she's
as solidly in the top three and maybe
she moves into the top two or so if
there's ever a poll that says she she's
in the top one give him temporarily I
think she's gonna be a good frontrunner
because the moment she thinks she
belongs in the Oval Office you're gonna
see it we don't see it right now she
looks like somebody who's running for
president she doesn't look like somebody
who thinks she belongs there
and now I'm not reading her mind I'm
just saying that the way she presents is
that somebody who's not not quite sure
she belongs there somebody said her
voice is horrible and you're right her
voice needs work you know what you know
what's one of the problems with her
voice it projects a lack of confidence
do you know how that do you know how you
fix that voice you get confident it's
not the tone of her voice you think it
is and the tone does matter I'll give
you that
but it's not exactly the tonal quality
of the voice it's the confidence that
she projects and even the the nasally
thing if she took she probably would
take need to take one day of
voice coaching - to learn that away I'm
gonna give you a whole I wasn't planning
this but I'm gonna give you a class on
proper speaking technique I had to learn
all this when I lost my voice for a few
years what I was trying to get my voice
back i learned proper speaking technique
which as it turned out didn't helping
he'd get my voice back because it was a
an organic problem but i learned these
techniques and now they're they're
helpful here's how you improve your
voice and you can all do this at home I
want you to hum
happy birthday the tune to happy
birthday Bahamut in a way that you can
feel the vibration in this part of your
face it's referred to as the mask of
your face sort of the you know the front
mask area so go like this and feel it
filled up here when you do that yet
somewhat by coincidence it activates the
perfect parts of your throat and vocal
area and then you take that into
speaking so you do the humming and then
you say a sentence and that sentence
that you speak will be as close as you
can get to your perfect speaking voice
by the way this is that this is a common
well-known technique so watch me do it
for you
and now when I speak my voice is
automatically better because I'm
matching the tone that I hummed into my
mask if you do this at home you'll
notice that you sound more confident
more more energetic and you notice that
all of my speaking my speaking equipment
is now loosened up mm-hmm it's more
resonant it's more deeper it's more it's
more impressive and if I wanted to I
could reproduce the sound all the time
if I wanted to talk to you like I was a
a news producer mMmmm I would do that
right before I spoke and look how good
my voice is it seems like there's an
entirely big difference and all I did
was
mm-hmm-hmm and move my vocal production
up to the top of Y atop of my equipment
the problem is when you speak down here
you speak down in your lower throat this
is when you get a little you get a
little bit of constriction yeah if
you're a little bit not if you're a
little bit nervous
we're a little bit nervous these these
little muscles down here they're they're
very sensitive so a little bit nervous
and it's gonna be really come a chrome
crossing my voice I'm trying really hard
to speak but because I'm using the wrong
part of my equipment it's too sensitive
to nervousness now and the victory pose
to open yourself up take a deep breath
mm-hmm and now when I talk you could
really tell the difference look at that
you can feel the energy it's filling the
room my god there's nothing that could
happen now that would make me sound like
anything like a leader I'm a king I run
the world
yay for me now I could have just as much
nervousness in my head
the second way I talked but I was using
proper technique and it completely
obliterates any chance for that little
bit of nervousness to creep into my
equipment the equipment is unaffected
and you can see me sinking back to the
other way I was talking like you could
feel it going right down my throat so
right now it's it's back down there now
because of the way I do these periscopes
I like to keep them personal so it's a
it's a decision it's a decision not to
talk like this
I could easily talk like this every
single day and boy would you say my
voice is great some of you might say
Scott you have a voice for radio
why don't you do more radio Scott
perhaps you could be working in
voiceovers now I can do that voice but
it wouldn't sound personal so I prefer
just because it's just more fun you can
connect with me better I'd rather talk
to you like a human being
like you were just sitting across the
table from me so now having heard this
the two things one your your confidence
can change on a dime if you have the
right inputs and if Carla Harris gets
the right confidence maybe it's maybe
Obama visitor
imagine this I'm not saying this will
happen but just imagine this to make the
point
imagine Carmel Harris gets a phone call
from Barack Obama and remember barack
obama has not endorsed anybody so and
this is hypothetical i'm not i'm not
suggesting slap so imagine couple harris
gets a phone call and she picks it up as
literally Barack Obama and Obama says
I've been watching I've been watching
you you totally have this I want to meet
with you tomorrow
this should be like seriously Barack
Obama just called me on the phone I mean
she probably knows him but he called me
on the phone he wants to talk to me
Torah so Barack Obama shows up at her
wherever she is and says he okay I talk
to you personally and he takes her in
the back and he says you know I've been
watching politicians for years and
you've got this you're definitely the
person who belongs in the White House
calmly Harris I'm gonna endorse you
tomorrow don't embarrass me I know you
have this you have all the tools own it
what would Kamala Harris sound like the
day after that she sound like a
president I'll bet you in 24 hours she
would sound like a president whereas
right now she's struggling to do that
that's the sort of thing I didn't again
I'm not suggesting that Obama will do
that I'm just saying that there can be
an event that completely changes how you
see yourself and that will be projected
and we can all hear that and then on top
of that if she gets a little voice
coaching you saw how easily I coached
you into a better voice it took what two
minutes two minutes and suddenly you can
all reproduce it at home you probably
all tried it at home and at work
so that's how close yes so when you're
looking at you know that she's third or
fourth in the polls and you're looking
at Biden and I guess his lead went up
again but it only has to have one bad
day and he's gonna look too old just one
bad day and if he goes away will his
votes go to Warren will they go to
Bernie probably not so much the top
person who is closest to the center is
Kamal Ayers and I think she has more uh
probably more flexibility and
flip-flopping even closer to the senator
as time goes on so look for her now so
let me make my prediction as clear as
possible I had been picking picking
Kamala to get the nomination but losing
the general for over a year the the
important part is that that should get
her confidence if that doesn't happen
well then she'll just sort of fade away
if something happens to give her
confidence I think she goes all the way
to the nomination and then loses in the
general let's talk about did you see
racist Don lemons video interview with
Reverend Bill Owens this is one of the
best things ever I tweeted this so you
can see it in my my tweet storm so
Reverend Bill Owens was part of I guess
a group of african-american pastors were
invited to the White House recently and
racist Don Lemon or RDL had him on and
asked him basically was trying to drive
a wedge between this black pastor and
President Trump who apparently they've
been working together and the pastor
refused to say that he thinks the
president is racist he just said he
wouldn't do it and that he wants to work
toward making the world a better place
etc and here's my best the best part of
this so you see Don Lemon trying to make
it look like this Reverend was pulled
into the White House as sort of a a
stunt
just to put a black face on the camera
that was sort of where our TL was going
and and then the the pastor Reverend
Bill Owens he says this line well I
think I'll be laughing for a month
he says to RDL he goes bennett that he's
been to the white house four times in
five months
which we didn't even know about right
you didn't know that so this black
pastor who RDL is trying to make look
like he's just a stunt casting you know
where you bring in a celebrity just to
say just to make people interested so
he's trying to act like that Trump just
brought him in to you know pretend he
was being open-minded and then the guy
drops yeah I've been to the White House
four times in the last five months
[Laughter]
nobody heard about that so that that
just made me laugh so as you know Don
Lemon has said a couple times now in the
in hosting or monitor moderating the
debates he stated as a fact the
President Trump is racist now most of
you would say well I would think that
would be more of an opinion and half the
country thinks yes and I don't 30% of
the country thinks no and the rest don't
mr. questions and so is that a fact
like is it news or is it just an opinion
and I guess Don lemons opinion is that
if he's convinced by what he's seen that
that's the same as the fact but that's
as good as you know a true fact now if
that's how it works I'm willing to
embrace that standard and so I've
embraced that standard by reading
renaming him
rtl or for racist Don Lemon because it
seems to me he wouldn't be complaining
so much if he weren't a racist now I'm
not a mind-reader mind reader
so I can't I guess he is in her thoughts
but Don Lemon standard is if you see
people acting a certain way and your
interpretation of that
is that the racist that that's not an
opinion if you've looked at evidence and
and you're a reasonable person and
looking at the evidence tells you that
that person is a racist then they're a
racist I think that's the standard he's
supporting so let's go with that all
right here's the thing that bothers me
more than anything in the news how many
times have you heard
smart people say how many times have
smart people said nobody wins a trade
war all the time right have you even
heard anybody say the opposite you know
other people there's nobody who says
trade wars are good in general yeah
we're not talking about China in
particular but the general statement
have you seen even one expert ever a
historian and an economist a politician
has any even one expert ever said trade
worse sometimes they're good no not one
person and so with this trade war with
China people are saying well trade wars
are bad therefore the president's
messing up cuz you started to train to
work trade wars are bad - everybody
loses all right
isn't there a question missing yeah
there's a question missing here's the
question that's missing what's the
alternative what are you suggesting
because one way to avoid a trade war is
to do anything the other party wants so
let's say that the other party decided
to trade to charge us a hundred percent
tariffs and we charge them no tariffs
what how should we respond to that well
trade wars don't work so you should just
start shoveling money in their direction
right I don't even know what to say when
people suggest the trade wars don't work
because what's the alternative the only
alternative is to give the other side
literally everything they asked for and
they're not going to ask for something
that's right down the middle a this
sounds fair
what do you think buddy you think this
is fair not even close
that's how we're in this situation we
let China take advantage of US trade
wise because originally my understanding
is by the way somebody has to fact-check
me on the history of this but my
understanding is that many of our
historical trade arrangements were
intentionally one-sided for the other
countries and the reason was our economy
was so strong and they were so weak that
we wanted some one-sided agreements so
those other countries could become
stronger and then they would become
better trading partners it's good for
the world the more money there is in the
world everybody wins and so it was
actually a conscious decision to give
them an uneven deal but time goes by
China did pretty well
South Korea doing pretty well Canada
looks like it's okay I don't know if
Canada might not be an example of this
but now the president say hey okay
that would those agreements made sense
back then he doesn't say that but in
essence but at the moment they don't
because China is doing so well what are
you supposed to do what do you what do
you suggest we do simply take whatever
China hands us China is killing tens of
thousands of Americans a year with
fentanyl that they promised to
criminalize and make it a capital
offense and then just didn't just didn't
China promised that they would sign a
trade deal and then just didn't they
didn't just decided not to China said
they would buy a whole bunch more of our
agricultural products and then they
didn't they just didn't what do you do
with that somebody tell me what's the
alternative to a trade war so what I've
suggested is that we don't we don't have
any trade agreement at all we just
tariff the living crap out of them and
if they want to change that situation we
entertain an offer but we shouldn't
deal with somebody who's not negotiating
well why would you negotiate with
somebody who's not negotiating they're
not negotiating they are not negotiating
so we don't have a trade war because
even the trade war would look like a
little bit of negotiating but I haven't
seen anything that looks like it it
looks like just stalling
they are literally running out the clock
hoping that Trump doesn't get elected
now if he does I think they'll just
stall four more years wouldn't you
because remember China has a you know a
thousand year plan they don't have a
four year plan
I think China's just looking to run out
the clock
so somebody please in the media please
just ask one of these experts who say
trade wars never work what is the
alternative and if that person says well
I know what they're going to say do you
know what they're gonna say let me let
me give you Dale Dale could you come
over here I'm gonna bring you in Dale to
explain what the experts will say after
that if they're questioned on it so Dale
trade wars never worked nobody wins it's
just the tax on people trade wars never
worked okay I hear you but what's the
alternative to a trade war do we just
take whatever the other side offers no
matter how one-sided it is no you
negotiate with them well that's exactly
what we're doing we're negotiating with
them so you're saying you we should do
exactly what President Trump is doing no
no you you negotiate successfully he's
not being successful
he's trying oh pretty sure he's trying
to be successful so how do we know when
he's done it looks like maybe China is a
problem here
worth never worked seen so so that's
that so it looks like the Democrats have
decided as their 2020 primary line of
attack it looked like in 2016 they were
saying that President Trump was a racist
they have now clearly changed that
message to voters for Trump are racists
have you seen the change so the change
seems to be instead of saying hey the
guy you're voting for is a racist
they're saying no you're a racist you're
racist if you vote for him that's
probably a stronger persuasion and it's
not bad and it kind of makes you wonder
if there needs to be some kind of
linguistic response because once you've
called somebody a racist they sort of
have the advantage right because you're
a racist is always going to be ten times
stronger then no I'm not if you're
arguing that you're not a racist you're
not winning you're not winning in that
situation so I think that will be the
attack coming from coming from the left
now somebody says who cares if they call
you a racist well many people won't care
but you only have to move 1% of the
public who thinks that they don't want
their personal brand to be impacted by
this
Thanks one to know one yeah well I think
everybody's everybody's a bigot at this
point so I'll have to work on that what
what is the what is the solution to that
let me I want to try another topic here
I have a let's say a theory hypothesis
perhaps it's better word
that most of the big problems in life
have been solved
we just have design problems now design
problems here's what I mean I believe
that just with the current amount of
money and inventions and people and
stuff we have all the stuff we need to
solve a lot of problems but they're not
organized right and so that's a design
problem take for example the inner-city
blight situations your problem with the
inner cities is a system problem which
is if the government says hey here's a
bunch of money inner city go spend this
and fix your problem the problem is
there's likely to be some corruption and
the money doesn't get spent at any good
way so you don't have a problem of no
money and you don't have a problem of
not knowing how to spend it productively
you have all the stuff you need but you
have a design in your system that can't
work there's there's just a you know
there's a a built-in obstacle which is
it's too tempting to just steal the
money and put it you know give the bids
to your contractor friends and that sort
of thing so you might not have the right
people involved maybe the local cities
are just not qualified but it's not like
we don't have qualified people in the
world it's not like we don't have money
you know enough it's not we have all the
things we need but it's not organized
right that's why somebody like Bill
Polti is especially effective because
why he does is he brings a system to the
problem so he brings a known functional
designed already you know the tires have
been kicked he knows how to coordinate
it so that you can do it in the right
way in a system that's reproducible and
it works so you see why he gets so much
attention is that he's not he's not just
adding money that didn't exist before
although a lot of his own money is going
into the stuff but he's designing it
better it's a design solution likewise I
was realizing that I can redesign my
kitchen so if I were
to build a home tomorrow and I wanted to
make it the least expensive home I could
possibly build just the home part one
way I could do it is I would make this
my kitchen my phone this is already my
kitchen two or three days a week what do
I mean by that I mean that I use a food
delivery service
something like door - or one of the
others and I go to my phone and I say
what food do I want to eat and I go up
up up up up up and that food shows up on
my doorstep in an hour and then I eat it
and then I'm happy
now unfortunately ordering food this way
is expensive because it's being prepared
in a restaurant is put in these you know
containers and then somebody has to be
paid to pick it up and take it to your
house so it's expensive but imagine if
you designed a low-cost housing area
around a central cafeteria where you
could always just walk across the street
to the cafeteria or you could pick up
your phone and have somebody you know
just walk it across to you to your house
and knock on the door you would never
need a kitchen if it was a 24 hour you
know kind of cafeteria situation now
somebody says that's too expensive it's
not too expensive if you build it around
that concept in other words if you
design it right you have one place
that's this creating food and then
you've got a lot of housing around it
that's that's having that food delivered
or they go pick it up now it's exactly
like a college dorm right so people are
saying in the comments it's exactly like
a college cafeteria now I went to
Hartwick College in upstate New York and
one of the amazing things about that
little college is that it was used as
the the demonstration kitchen for the
food services company that operated the
cafeteria so there's usually one big
food services you know management
company that runs a cafeteria for for
the college because the college is
doesn't know about food services they
just contracted them and we happen to be
at the one that they used as the their
sales tool so they would bring other
colleges there and say hey look how good
we do here at this college you should
hire us for your college so we got all
the best stuff everything was well
designed and clean and our choices were
good and I have to tell you I ate like a
king the the food that I ate in college
was completely acceptable and it was
lots of variety it was reasonably
healthy it could have been even more
healthy etc and it probably is the least
expensive way it could have been
provided and I think you could take that
to a whole other level of less expensive
if you tried so if you started from the
ground up and said you know I'm not
trying to just fix the way how is this
look today I'm just gonna start over and
I'm gonna say how do we design a way to
live that's that we can afford on let's
say something you could afford on Andrew
Yang's thousand dollars a month the
minimum that you need for a home is a
bedroom some storage
you know closet plus some storage and
your own bathroom that's a whole house
if you had a really good view let's say
an open glass you know a total view but
the whole wall is just glass and you're
looking at something interesting and you
you know you can close the curtain if
you want but that's your view and that's
your bedroom and then it's attached to a
really solid good bathroom with a shower
and everything and then you've got your
own little storage and then you've got
your phone to get your food or walk
across the street and pick it up and
take it with you you'd have a house what
would it cost for that little house if
you put it with other little houses and
surrounded it with services and let's
say you provided Wi-Fi for everybody
transportation is easy because you're
right next to mass transportation if you
were just to design a place like that
from the ground up what would it cost to
live there to have a pretty good
lifestyle that's like way better than a
college student but the same level of
cost probably
you can really make a difference now if
you could lower people's cost that much
well suddenly it's easier to pay for
everything else because the cost of a
good life is going down so much that
people have money left over so if you
have to spend a little extra for your
healthcare you have to spend a little
extra for other stuff you have it so
here's my point
everything from urban blight to the cost
of housing clearly our entire healthcare
system you can see that the government's
trying to make more free-market stuff
happening there they're changing the
design of healthcare by trying to get
drugs in from Canada so that we get them
at lower cost that's a design change
those drugs were already just sitting
there and they were available at a lower
price apparently I'm not sure exactly
how that works
why that's a lower price but it is so
you see the government fixing the design
of how we get our health care and that's
the fix we didn't have to print more
money we didn't have to invent more
stuff we just had to design it better
and I would say that almost everything
that's a problem right now is designed
let's take even international relations
let's take North Korea's nuclear program
and let's take our relationship with
China and Russia and all that it seems
to me that we have a design problem
because we don't have a physical problem
we've got all the countries that I
mentioned don't want to be at war with
each other we have a common interest we
all don't want to be at war there may be
some small little you know things we
disagree about Taiwan etc but mostly
we're on the same page about most stuff
and somebody's telling me to wear a blue
shirt I just realized that I'm matching
my background good point it's laundry
day I'll have a blue shirt next time it
literally is laundry day that's why I'm
wearing the shirt yeah so anyway that's
my that's my point we could design all
these things take take Venezuela
Venezuela is
system problem it's a design problem it
fell apart now we've got a dictator in
place how come we don't hear much from
Venezuela what happened there I just
realized that all the news stopped did
the protesters just stop protesting what
happened down there are we just waiting
for the economy to continue crashing is
there some kind of negotiation going on
behind the scenes I don't know but my
point being that there may be a design
issue with Venezuela there might be
something we could do that would fix
that situation and it wouldn't require
inventing something we just have to
arrange assets better I'm not sure
exactly how to do it but it's the
general point that we're in the golden
age where we don't have to invent stuff
that doesn't exist we just have to
rearrange it it's a design problem all
right
that's probably all I needed to talk
about is there anybody who wants to
argue with me about whether the
president is a racist or whether you
have TDS I'm going to put on my
headphones and take some questions hold
on
I apologize for that audio disruption
alright I'm gonna take some questions if
you see a little icon on the bottom of
your screen it only works on a motorized
so this won't work on your laptop but if
you have an iPad or a phone there's two
little happy faces at the bottom of your
screen if you click that it puts you in
line to speak live with me on this
periscope so I'm gonna looks like three
people have already jumped in I'm gonna
take em er Omer come at me Omar can you
hear me Omar can you hear me Hey
are you here to make your case that
either President Trump is a racist or
you have TDS oh okay I will take your
general question now that you here okay
great so it actually goes towards your
the nuclear generation for topic okay
okay
so a few months ago you had an expert on
I forgot his name but he was talking
about mainly generation 3 and you guys
kind of had a little bit of a
disagreement where he was skeptical
about generation 4 because he thought
there's already been so much investment
into generation 3 and why pursue
something else when their infrastructure
is already there well I I would modify
that by saying that he's saying that
generation 3 is ready to go today but
he's not anti generation 4 he just knows
that that takes a there's a little more
testing that we need there right but
ultimately it would delay if you
followed his strategy would delay
generation fours entering the market if
you will put more rope probably not
because generation 3 is something that
we can already do and at the same time
separately there are different companies
who are only working on generation 4 so
both of those things seem to be funded
and going forward I don't think one
detracts from the other at all
it seems like a path from three to four
that we just have to get the steps right
okay what was the question
so ultimately the question was do you
think that generation for the pursuit of
generation four might limit the research
into fusion technologies and that maybe
it's worth just skippering the R&D in to
generation four and just put all our
resources into developing fusion as fast
as possible well so yeah does fusion
does generation four detract resources
that could have gone into fusion but my
you know if you were to speak in a
purely theoretical sense maybe because
there are only so many people in the
world and if you could get all the best
of them and they were all working on
fusion maybe something would happen
faster but the but it's pretty different
technology and pretty different
processes and my guess is that we have
enough people to do all of that so what
I'm not hearing is that nuclear projects
can't give funding now maybe that's true
but I keep hearing of nuclear projects
that are getting funded and I've got a
feeling that the try everything approach
might be statistically the best way to
go so and keep in mind the generation
four is a an umbrella category for just
a a safer technology that doesn't have
the same risks of of meltdown doesn't
have the problems with the waste now
there are a whole bunch of ways to do
that and we don't have a decided one way
to do that but it's sort of the family
of better nuclear reactors we don't have
one best way yet so I think we have to
just push on everything if if I were if
I were the king I would say we probably
have enough resources to push on all of
these at the same time and and we'll be
glad we did but you know your your
question is theoretically appropriate
because we'll never know if the other if
fusion got slowed down because the you
know the handful of people who could
have made that happen we're all busy
doing something else maybe I but my
instinct and
experience as probably you want to push
on all of them because we have enough
resources to do that
but thank you for the question they
thought all right let's see if I can get
somebody on here to argue just looking
at your names I'm I'm gonna try to find
somebody who looks like they're lively
all right we're gonna have this guest
and is it James James can you hear me
I'm good how are you here to argue with
you about trumped arrangements and I'm
unfortunately I will take your question
then all right so a couple weeks ago
you're talking about incentives and it
kind of got me thinking about how maybe
you could incentivize illegal immigrants
to turn themselves in and if maybe
there's some kind of deal that to deport
these people who voluntarily go to like
a preferential City maybe a tourist City
or a city that has jobs waiting for them
and then give them a kind of accelerated
track back into the United States the
right way of doing it legally you you
know that's similar to an idea that I
floated not too long ago to have an app
for illegal immigrants and let's say for
example that if you agree to use the app
and you can find a job through the app
because it would be people were looking
for this exact type of work force you
know mostly farms etc so as long as you
could make a connection and the app
showed that you had made an employment
connection and that your we know where
you are because you always have your
phone with you there might be some way
to have like some kind of middle ground
area where the illegals are essentially
licensed approved guest workers the
moment that the app tells them that
they've got a job lined up
so you can walk across the border with
the app and somebody says hey you stay
there but you show them the app and say
look I got the job lined up plus you can
track me on on the phone because it's a
special phone or app or whatever and
you'll you'll know where I am at all
times and then they'll say well that's
not the kind of people we want to keep
out because we've got American companies
that want to hire you
apparently they can't find Americans do
different jobs so I like I like the
general point of what you're saying
which is if you create attractive
options you might you might be able to
get people to the right place and
everybody wins so I like that idea
I just don't let it get there so thanks
thanks a question Oh
have a lovely day all right you too
let's take one more if I can get it's
funny how I can't get anybody to argue
with me on on these guest calls hello
guest can you hear me good morning
what's your name Joe do you have a
question the end or do you want to argue
with me about the president
unfortunately I'd like to hear an
argument but it's not gonna be from a
question about TDs okay so you talked
about President Trump ripping a hole in
the fabric of reality yes so as it
relates to TDS how much of TDS or how
much will TDS be responsible for that
rip of the fabric
it'll couch that by adding the reason I
bring this up is I do not have TDS but
so many of my friends do and these are
people that I have somewhat alienated
from and I know that's kind of a trope
but I don't think about it too much but
you know when you ask whenever anybody
brings up TDS I'm reminded of oh there's
these people that have TDs and they're
not my life so much anymore so maybe I
ripped the fabric of my reality but I
wonder how much it would rip the fabric
of you know the nation and reality in
itself well here's the thing if you if
you rip a hole in reality and you know
you've created a little hole in reality
and some people can
look through some people are gonna look
through and they're gonna be ready and
they're gonna say whoa I didn't expect
this and that this changes how I see the
world but I was ready for it other
people are gonna find it threatening and
scary and it's going to threaten their
sense of who they were how smart they
were before or what they understood
about the world and they're going to
reject it violently you know violently
not necessarily physically violently but
mentally violently and so I think that's
what you're saying I think you're seeing
half of the world moving to a higher
level of awareness about the importance
of fact-checking apparently it didn't
matter at all and the the power of
persuasion and people are saying whoa
and and other people are also seeing
that the tds is a manufactured feeling
i've often thought here's a good thought
experiment I've said this before I think
I'm considering writing an article on
this topic but imagine if the news for
the past three years about President
Trump had been presented as just facts
the stuff we knew to be true instead of
opinion
so I suppose no opinion and everybody
had it on top of it by the media which
is very persuasive it's for the biggest
things yeah I don't know that people
would have looked at the raw facts and
had any kind of bad feeling about the
president you know that they probably
you know if they said let me give you an
example you know when he said s whole
countries in that meeting if they had
been reported factually they would have
said the president used the swear word
in a meeting and he was talking about
some competing countries being behind
you know economically and educationally
and wondered about you know what would
be the impact of bringing in more people
from the the countries with low economy
and low educational standards well that
would have been pretty close to just
saying the facts right but then people
say well he wouldn't use that word
unless he's a racist and that becomes
and we're fooled into thinking that's
the news that's not the news that's
someone s opinion and here's
yeah if I guess a follow-up them because
I've been listening for two years so
I've heard you know what I mean this is
a daily list or two years I get it right
so take me ten years down the line how
does this all pan out because TDS is
serious Scott and I'm just wondering if
you have a prediction of this you know I
mean I don't know what's gonna happen
from here because the just it's getting
kind of more and more pronounced in
terms of the manufactured TDs in the
news over two years years it hasn't
gotten any better it's gotten worse and
people or people aren't coming to a
realization you know any at all right on
the TDS side or at least not in any type
of wave yet does that happen
does the TDS PDS crowd that you know was
you know had their you know reality torn
apart kind of come over slowly or do we
bifurcate right I don't know right I've
got a feeling this is gonna be you know
situation where time in history can
correct I think when historians are
looking at the Trump administration from
let's say 20 years from now you know
they'll have some negatives but they're
gonna say wow she got a lot done you
know in probably things that other
presidents couldn't have gotten done so
I think at some point it'll just fade
but I would think the most likely thing
to happen is that after Trump a Democrat
would get elected and so for the people
who were suffering from TDs they would
say thank God we've gotten through this
and and now everything is wonderful and
we'll live and happiness it's too bad
about the economy but in that war we're
having but I think we get through it
just by changing president someday I
don't think it's going to happen in 2020
so you're you're right
we likely have four more years of this
now it's also possible that it will
decrease just at the point where they
know that they're there horror will time
out save themselves all right it's only
four years three years only two years
and it should decrease on its own just
because it's one of those problems in
their mind that time solves if you just
wait a little bit too
won't be president anymore now of course
they'll they'll start the the whole
crazy stuff about he's never gonna leave
office but I remind you that I won a
$500 bet with a Republican who said that
Obama would never leave office and they
he's really just a dictator and and that
was crazy when I heard it I won $500 on
it if anybody can get a Democrat to bet
with them actual money the president
Trump won't leave office after whenever
his term ends if you can get somebody to
make that bet with you take it nobody
took you up yet I think that out there
that you're waiting for it ya know
nobody's taking me up on that yet oh you
know it would be interesting I haven't
seen that question on predicted so it's
not I haven't seen it as a an actual
question and I would think that would be
the the most interesting question you
could put out there is you know will he
leave office after the end of his term
the loser think man thank you
yes I think that's gonna that's gonna
leave a mark so that's our November 5th
and I'll be promoting that into the
coming months so thank you Joe thanks
guys take care buddy all right and
that's all for today I'm gonna go do
something else and I'll talk to you
tomorrow