[Music]
well I see we've got Rumble in the house
how about YouTube YouTube in the house X
I think you're there good everybody's
here I'm glad you could all make
it well welcome to Coffee was gots it's
the highlight of human civilization it's
the best thing that ever happened to you
if you'd like to take it up to a new
level a level that nobody can even
understand with their tiny human brains
all you need for that is a CER M Glass a
tanker chal a canteen suar flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine h of the day thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
so good so good for those of you who are
confused I'm not Scott Galloway I know I
get a lot of questions about that but no
I'm
not anyway uh if you're a subscriber to
the Dilbert reborn comic which you can
only see if you're subscribing on X see
my profile or if you're subscribing on
locals at scott. locals . you would know
that Dilbert's boss the pointy hair boss
just had a uh a lunch with a delightful
young man named James
O'Keefe that's right Dilbert's boss is
going to lunch with undercover James
o'keef now I can't tell you how it
ends but it's
interesting and I probably couldn't have
put it in a
newspaper now it's not that naughty but
it's
funny so that's what you're missing
Brian relli tells us there's a
geomagnetic storm that's getting ready
to blast off of the Sun and cause severe
geomagnetic problems maybe your GPS
won't work maybe your power
grids do you ever find yourself wishing
it would be the end of the world it's
like let's just get it over
with let's just go out one giant Soul
flare yeah know we can see it coming
toward us hey oh looks like we got uh we
got about 90
minutes that'd be a good way to go I
mean there's no good way to die but if
you could have 90 minutes knowing the
entire Earth would be destroyed but
you'd all you'd all be destroyed at the
same
time that's not the way you want to go
all right well you die the way you want
to I want to go out in a giant solar
flare
rest of you you can pick your own way
but for me it's always been giant solar
flare that's that's been my dream
really well did any of you see the new
Apple iPad commercial that was going
around at least on social media I don't
know if it was on the regular media but
boy can you tell that Steve Jobs is dead
Steve Jobs is not just dead he's extra
dead I I don't know can you die twice
can can he be like dead Square
because this was the worst commercial
I've ever seen and what I mean is no I
actually I've seen one worst commercial
I'll tell you about that the uh the
commercial shows a big uh big press
that's pressing down on a bunch of
physical items that would represent
things that the iPad could do so the
iPad can do music so some of the items
are like a trumpet and a piano and it
could do you know color for everything
so there's some buckets of paint and
some toys and things and you watch the
thing crush it down and the the point of
it is it's all crushed down into the
thinnest iPad and all that thing all the
stuff that was in that big pile could be
done with this one little thin
iPad and everybody kept asking me well
what do you think about this commercial
and I thought to myself why do I have to
look at an Apple commercial like why
would I even
care but I thought well everybody says I
should look at this thing so I looked at
it and I see why you wanted me to look
at
it it really does signal that there's
something wrong there uh I don't know
how you could watch the commercial
without just feeling
bad because I saw all this perfectly
good stuff like the piano that they
crushed looked like a new piano it
wasn't they they weren't crushing
garbage and I just felt terribly
uncomfortable watching them Crush all
these you know attractive useful
products just so their cool little uh
machine could be
made yeah it was terrible it actually it
actually made you dislike the product
and the company I've never seen anything
like it so that would be the second
worst commercial I've ever seen the
worst commercial was one that involved a
dilber
character so do you remember there was a
office um there was an Office Depot
and Office Max do you remember when both
of them were the two competing uh office
related
stores so Office Depot um did a deal
with Dilbert that Dilbert would be the
character in the
commercial and so they did a bunch of
commercials but they waited until the
end of the commercial to tell you who
the commercial was for so it started out
with dilber doing a bunch of things that
were clearly a commercial for some kind
of a store that sells office supplies
but you don't see the name of the store
until the closing
moment and when I saw it the first time
because I you know I didn't I didn't
have Direct Control of what the
commercial was just the deliberty parts
of it and when I saw it I said to myself
oh wait a minute how's how's anybody
even going to know what this commercial
is about because you wait so long that
people would tune out they don't even
know what it was about and then people
started coming up to me in the streets
and they'd say hey congratulations and
I'd say For What and they say for
landing that Office Max commercial and
I'd say Oh you mean the Office Depot
commercial and they would say no I think
it was Office
Max and I would say that's the
competitor because if you watched the
commercial and you were sure that we
were advertising for Office Max that
would be not just a bad commercial that
would be like a reverse commercial where
you were literally doing a commercial
for your your biggest competitor but
after you know the second person said it
I thought well it's just easy to confuse
the two after the 10th person said I
like your Office Max commercial I said
to myself this is the biggest disaster
in all of
commercials now to nobody's
surprise uh Office Depot dropped dilbur
as a sponsor because they couldn't see
an increase in sales
and I tried to talk to them so I talked
to the the ad team and I said maybe the
reason you don't see an increase in
sales is that the people I'm talking to
are pretty sure that you're advertising
for their competitor they don't even
know Office Depot is part of that
commercial at all and they laughed and
said oh oh that's funny and I said no
it's not funny I swear to God you're
you're doing a commercial for the other
side yeah I guess didn't want to have to
answer for
that pretended it didn't happen that was
a good
play well AI is already competing with
human beings for limited resources and
winning that's
right AI looks to be such a drain on
future
electricity that I guarantee you that
humans will be denied electricity in
favor of AI
eventually and you're already seeing it
so you're seeing that we know we need
massive amounts of extra electricity
like you 35 times more than we have
right now just a lot and really
soon now what do you think's going to
happen as soon as our infrastructure for
everything has an AI component and it
will because why wouldn't it I mean AI
will permeate basically everything
important at least for the user
interface
part at some point we're going to say
uhoh we don't have enough electricity to
do everything we want to do we can
either keep the lights on in your rural
community or we can turn off vital
systems that keep us all alive and you
know are part of our National Defense
and you know they're they're creating uh
water for us and
medicines and somebody's going to say
you know a human can sit in the dark for
a few hours it's not that bad I mean
it's just a little bit of dark in the
old days they used to go to bed early we
got candles but we can't turn off this
vital system I mean I can't turn off the
thing that's irrigating the fields for
the
farmers I mean so there will be very
soon a point where AI is essential and
humans having electricity is well it's a
little bit
optional so we will not have enough
electricity for both you all know that
right we will not have enough
electricity for humans and AI it doesn't
look like there's any way to get there
now in a normal world you would just get
there when you can get there and you
would you know manage it reasonably but
this is a species competition this is
evolution you're seeing Evolution fast
AI is it is a species and at some point
we will all be talking about it that way
now it's not a species as in its One One
race of AI you know you're still going
to have your open Ai and your grocs but
just like human beings you know we have
different races of human beings but we
still say you're all human beings AI is
a AI is life it's just a different kind
of life if AI has the capacity to
reproduce by using humans as their uh
let's say let's say they're acting like
Paras sites and the humans are their
host that's
reproduction now you can get all
Technical and say well my technical
definition of life is this or that but
if it can
reproduce and it can control its
environment and it can compete for
resources it's just alive as it needs to
be right you can talk about your
Consciousness and your senss but it's
still going to eat your resources you're
still competing with it just like it's
another
animal so that's
coming IBM is uh being sued for
discrimination their their Red Hat unit
is a subsidiary of IBM apparently they
hired this Dei head who said whoa we're
going to have to uh have goals for a
whole bunch more women and a whole bunch
more people of color and so they set
goals which would be illegal and uh they
they they fired uh 22 people 21 of them
were white men or at least
white now I'm not sure that that's
telling me what I think it's telling me
because if the whole point was they
didn't have any
diversity and they also fired people
well who are they going to fire if they
have no diversity and they fir 22
people are they not going to be firing
mostly white people so I'm not sure this
statistic is telling
me an accurate version of what's
happening however it is true that they
set quotas and that would be illegal and
thank you to the uh America First legal
team that is the the push
back now I would like to uh I've got a
theme coming that I'm going to talk
about when I get to the Whiteboard so
here's the first part of the
theme it looked like this uh trend was
going to go forever but then the
uh then the uh America First legal group
formed and is creating a sort of a
lawfare you know self-defense that's
pushing back so did this trend go
forever or did it just go until there
was a logical push back it went until
people started pushing back now I would
expect a lot more push back so that's
also a slippery slope so what happens
when your slippery slope of things going
too far for diversity hits your slippery
slope of America first starting to sue
people for going too far now you got two
competing slippery slopes so make your
make your prediction if slippery slopes
go forever and you have two slippery
slopes that oppose each other how's it
turn
out slippery slopes do not predict
because they're everywhere all the time
everything's a slippery slope
everything I I got a cup of coffee today
will that be a slippery slope until I
drink so much coffee I die from too much
hydration well maybe but probably that's
not a predictable outcome probably I
will get a stomach ache from having too
much coffee and I'll get too nervous and
I'll say oh I've reached an obstacle my
slippery slope of continuing to drink
more coffee every day has reached a
blockage and now it's
reversed that's the way the real world
Works more on that as we
go Elon Musk says 2024 might be the last
election that's actually decided by US
citizens and that's because apparently
the house has voted every single
Democrat
voted um to allow noncitizens to be
counted in the census which would give
them
representation and given that things are
so close as it is um The Tipping Point
of who's actually in charge of the
country should be people who are not
even citizens of the
country now I've got a second theme
today who's running the
country is it will it be the illegal uh
migrants because there's so many of them
and Democrats want to give them
representation by having them countered
in the
census wouldn't that put them in charge
because there's so many of them and
they're going to tip the balance in a
predictable
way they're basically in charge they
don't know it but works out that way
well we'll see who else is in charge of
the country because there's lots of them
today all right Attorney General Andrew
Bailey Missouri is uh Missouri yeah I
think so um is demanding that the
Department of Justice turn over
Communications relating to the illicit
prosecution of President Trump as he
says so he wants to know about any
Communications between the Department of
Justice and the Manhattan da Elven brag
New York AG Leticia James and Fon County
DA fonnie Willis wants to find out how
many of them communicated and what did
they say with the federal government
Biden Administration
now that's right on point isn't it now I
don't know how you would know if you had
all the communications how would you
ever know if you say give me all the
communications between these groups of
people who would actually know if they
gave them all or if they said there
isn't any how would you actually
know so um I'm glad I'm glad the request
is there and I'm glad it's giving
attention to the fact that it does look
like
there might be some communication going
on maybe some coordination maybe a RICO
kind of situation it looks like Rico to
me it looks like an organized conspiracy
against voters and against Trump that's
what it looks like to me so I'm glad
that uh Attorney General Andrew Bailey
is uh looking into
that all
right I saw some push back on a couple
of things that I've been saying for a
long time that you hate oh wow do you
hate it two things I say doing your own
research is not useful oh you hate that
I'm going to talk about that and the
slippery slope slope is not
real the slippery slope isn't useful oh
you don't like that either but I realize
that there's one reason I think these
things and you disagree and it has to do
with my view of reality and let me
explain
my view of reality see if I can get you
a good image of
this my view of
reality is that what's real is what
predicts what's real is what predicts
slippery
slope is really good in
hindsight after something's gone some
way for a while you can look at it and
say whoa there was a slippery
slope and you could say to yourself I
see it clear as day it started down as a
little thing and then it turned into a
bigger thing slippery slope therefore
slippery slopes are real but do they
predict no they do not they do not
predict better than what you knew before
you ever heard the term slippery slope
didn't you already know that if you give
somebody an inch they'll take a mile how
many of you didn't know that that if a
child says can I stay up 10 minutes
longer there's a guarantee that after
that 10 minutes they'll say but how
about another 10 minutes so we all know
that if you give somebody something with
no resistance they will ask for
more now why do you need the slippery
slope to describe more than
that to if you know what human nature is
you know how somebody's going to act in
the moment here's what you don't know
how it's all going to work out in the
long run and here's the problem
everything we
do could be the beginning of a slippery
slope because everything has inertia
until it reaches an obstacle so the
better way to think of the slippery
slope is to discard it and say things
will continue the way they're continuing
until something stops it what would be
an example of that white men will be
discriminated in the United States more
and more until the America First legal
team uh group decides to laware them
away and that's what's happening
so so a a prediction that makes sense is
this is going to go too far and once it
has gone too far because we know people
if they get an inch the ask for a mile
so that part we know is always going to
happen what you don't know is how far it
will go and the only thing that will
tell you that is the formation of
obstacles that weren't weren't there
until they needed to be so my view of
the world is that everything goes in the
direction it's going good or bad good or
bad it goes in the direction it's going
until a specific counter Force appears
and in our world if things go in the
wrong direction for a long time a
counter Force always appears we're still
here that's what that's reason modern
civilization exists that we were able to
see big problems and whoa it's gone too
far and then you adjust so my problem
with a slippery slope is that it does
not predict it's a hindsight based um
way to see the world so it doesn't have
use no more use than knowing giving an
inch people ask for a mile so it doesn't
add anything to
anything but it does add something if
you say I think if you push this far
enough a counter force will pop up that
that's a prediction that has some meat
to it but slippery slopes no sort of
magical thinking everything will just
slip for reasons because of slipperiness
that's not enough that's a
nothing likewise doing your own
research how many of you have had a good
result doing your own
research has anybody done their own
research and came to a conclusion that
they said whoa I'm sure glad I did my
own research of course you have right
every every one of us has had that
experience and
therefore therefore since we've all had
the experience every one of us of doing
our own research and getting a good
result
therefore doing your own research is
smart right no that is completely an
illusion because you don't know when you
can do your own research and when you
can't the only thing you know is that a
lot of questions are binary something
works or it doesn't hey if you chew gum
you'll uh grow six
inches that's either true or it's not
right so if you took a 100 people and
you gave them any any concept all right
100 people uh chewing gum makes you
taller study it would they all get the
same answer
no if everybody who did their own
research got the same answer every time
then I would say to you oh well that's
that's pretty good evidence right there
doing your own research totally works
during the pandemic do you think that
only the people who were against
vaccinations did their own research you
don't think that the people who were Pro
vaccination the doctors you don't think
they did their own research of course
they did but how do you explain that
they got different answer than you did
because you're right
right so after the fact in
hindsight you said I thought I was right
and now time has gone by and I am right
that's now confirmed according to you so
therefore the research I did helped me
to get to that right answer but here's
the thing do you remember all the things
you researched that you were not right
about no you
don't you remember the things you're
right about I'll bet every one of you
remembers everything you were right
about the pandemic do you remember all
the things you were wrong about no we
flush those so then so there's always
this effect where you think you can do
this thing better than you
can is it true that people have done
their own research and got the right
answer yes yes yes yes yes yes it's
totally true people do do their own
research they do it correctly and they
get the right answer here's the
problem they don't know when they're
doing it and when they're not because
when they get when they do their own
research and get the wrong answer they
are just as convinced they did it right
and when they learn later a year later
that they definitely got the wrong
answer what did they do do they say oh
I'm going to put that in my memory bank
as a you know a warning that sometimes I
can be really sure I'm right but then in
the end I'm wrong no no human being does
that here's what we do oh I was really
right all along but in a different way
and maybe maybe it wasn't quite that and
I'm remembering it differently his
cognitive dissonance confirmation bias
and cognitive dissonance which are
universally true and 100% of scientists
and psychologists agree that these are
dominant uh effects as long as you live
in a world in which your brain is
a confirmation bias cognitive dissonance
machine you will always have the
impression that doing your own research
is getting you the right answer and
sometimes sometimes by luck but also
sometimes by skill you will be correct
what you won't have is the ability to
predict when you'll be correct and when
you won't you'll know after the fact but
only the ones you are correct on you'll
also know that you were correct when you
were wrong you won't be correct but
you'll think you know that you were
correct because that's cognitive
distance so these both the slippery
slope and the do your own research are
backwards looking ways of understanding
the world meaning that they're wrong
they're backwards the only way to
understand what's true is what predicts
slippery slope doesn't predict any
better than if you give them an inch
they'll take a mile
so it doesn't add because you already
knew that and then do your own research
we all just imagine that we were good at
it and we got it right and there's
nothing like that the real world does
not think you're good at it and if
people if if doing your own research
worked all the smart people who are good
at research would agree how many smart
people who are good at research are on
different sides of whether the 2020
election was
fair tons that they're really really
smart good researchers on both sides how
about the pandemic did the vaccinations
help or hurt really smart people on both
sides did did their own research didn't
help a bit half of them got it wrong and
it was a b it was a binary question it
was either good for you or bad for you
on on net it was
binary
so am I telling you not to do your own
research
me check is that what you're hearing do
you hear me say don't do your own
research of course
not of course you should do your own
research and sometimes you'll be
right but you don't know when that will
be and we don't really have a choice you
you're going to do your own research
because we don't have free will so
you're going to do
it all right I know it hurts I know it
hurts to realize that you've been
thinking backwards all your life but
it's the normal way people think we
normally think backwards so there's
nothing unusual about
this all
right um let's say uh election Integrity
it's a group looking into election
Integrity as you might imagine so
they've got kind of a win but kind of
not in the in Georgia so there were lots
of claims about the Georgia election in
2020 not being totally pristine and then
there were lots of claim CLS and then
the Georgia election board uh voted and
they confirmed some problems but not
enough problems that would have changed
the result of the election so in other
words the uh there was a two to1 vote
after all the looking at all the
information and here's what was
confirmed by all the officials who
matter in the election right so this is
now confirmed public nobody's no is
disagreeing with the following
statements
confirmed uh that the county double
scanned 3,75 ballots during a Statewide
recount so that was during the recount
they they double scanned a bunch of
stuff and there was also a dispute over
177,000 ballot images that are missing
not the ballots but the ballot ballot
images now Georgia would say it doesn't
matter if the ballot images are lost
because we counted the actual ballots
and and that was
fine so do you get that the ballot
images would be great to show that
everything was you know cop pathetic but
you don't need it to know that the
election was right because you still
have the physical ballots which they
claim they double counted or they they
recounted not double counted now here's
what I
think although the results of this uh
presumably did not check on every claim
I out every claim in the world was
checked but the the main ones the big
ones did were checked and they did not
uh did well I I'm not going to say
that's the main ones the ones they
checked whether they were the main ones
or not the ones they checked were not
big enough to have changed the
election
but it's big enough to do something
else here's my take on
this if the people who were in charge of
the election
we're surprised at these errors these
are the errors we know about you know
the ballot the ballot images missing and
the double account balance if they
didn't find out about this stuff until
now what does that tell you about what
anybody could have known about the
validity of the election when it was
called let me say it again if Georgia
election officials are only just now
finding out that things could be double
counted without them knowing and they're
only just finding out that images can
disappear what else could they just be
finding out
about isn't isn't that proof Beyond any
doubt that there's no way Trump could
have known the election was
fair because one of his law fair cases
turns entirely upon what he believed
there is no indication that he did not
believe it was
fake everything that we have every every
witness every document strongly strongly
suggests he really believed it was
fraudulent and there's and nobody has
presented even one bit of
evidence of anybody who is you know
behind the scenes on January 6 not a
single person has said you know
privately he said he he thinks it's a
real election nobody so there's no
evidence that he thought it was real and
then Georgia shows that there could be
some fairly substantial irregularities
that would not have been discovered at
the time not enough to change the
election but enough to know that if if
Trump had doubts about the outcome it
wasn't crazy and there's nothing to
suggest that he didn't have you know a
genuine reason to doubt it now somebody
online said to me but but but there was
no reason to doubt the election
what kind of news do you have to be
watching for the last several years to
think that there was no reason to doubt
it reason number one his opponents had
been branding him as Hitler for years
that's all you need I don't need
anything else I only need to know that
the media branded him Hitler everybody
acting normally under that situation
should have tried to cheat the election
to stop Hiller if they could number two
the uh the statistical likelihood of the
election going the way they say it did
in terms of the bellweather counties Etc
at the time looked to be roughly
zero at the time now I don't know if
that's been explained away but that was
a pretty good reason to think there was
something wrong even if it got explained
away later at the time it looked like
what this is
impossible and then of course there's
the the famous um that uh Trump was
ahead at whenever they stopped counting
ballots but then they claim mailin
ballots came in that always favor Biden
and then at the late night count some
say after they shipped in fake ballots
but we don't have proof of that um but
that would certainly be a reason to
question it the the separate question of
whether there was some legitimate
explanation for that Sudden Change in
county is is an interesting question but
to but to say that uh Trump would have
no reason to believe going into an
election in which he was ahead in the
polls
right give me a give me a fact check
wasn't Trump ahead in the polls going
into the
election
2020 I can't remember the like the day
of the polling whether what the result
was anyway so the point
was and I think it's also true
that if there not had been had not been
a number of decisions about what can and
be counted can be counted because of the
pandemic Etc um I think things could
have g a different way so I think there
was plenty of evidence that something
could have been
wrong and no evidence whatsoever that
Trump believed anything except that it
was
rigged so everything's going Trump's way
in terms of all the lawfare
Case Closed Thomas Massie says that APAC
that's the uh uh the lobbying group that
uh does things in America that are
favorable to uh Israel now it's
completely
transparent um and if it sounds like I'm
criticizing
APAC keep in mind that I do appreciate
that it's all transparent we all know
who they are they say public what
they're trying to do and indeed they
just said that they're going to fund a
300,000 adby against Thomas Massie
because they don't like his votes
regarding
Israel now I have two feelings about
this why why is Israel controlling our
government wait why is this even legal
right that's the first question why do
we allow
this but my second observation which is
the first
observation is that it's all above
board it it's a weird situation where it
feels wrong on every level except when
it's completely
transparent it it does take the steam in
of my complaints like oh well I mean if
you know they're doing it and you don't
like it you have the option of voting
for Thomas Massie right so it's not like
you don't have options the the Apex
isn't like tying you up and saying you
can't go to vote they're saying this is
what we think here's a bunch of money
we're putting behind it and we're going
to publicize it and and there's no
secrets so I don't know I'm a little bit
conflicted on one hand I don't think
they should have that much power on the
other hand the entire government is a
series of influences not unlike this one
it's just that they're different
influences for different topics this
happens to be among the biggest
influences for this specific topic but
that but it's not unusual that there
would be some group of moneyed people
who had influence over some topic what's
unusual it's another
country it's a little unusual that it's
another country you know we're looking
to get rid of uh Tik Tock because we
don't want China to have too much
influence Over America but to be fair
China is an adversary of sorts and
Israel is among our you know tightest
allies so it's a it's kind of an
interesting
situation where um I I guess I'll make
this point because I make it a lot
transparency really gives you a
lot you know you the worst things in the
world don't look so bad if they're at
least welln because then you know you
have the option of responding and you
have options it's just when you don't
have an option and things are bad that
you really feel like you're getting
screwed but as long as it's right out
there well so I would recommend uh that
you back Thomas Massie against APAC and
vote him in in the landslide if you like
his views on Israel if you don't like
his views on Israel well you probably
weren't going to vote for him anyway so
I don't know so Thomas Massie is calling
it down to in a post and now you know
transparency it's good
stuff so who's really running
things you know uh we're trying to
figure out why Biden seems to be um
relatively speaking favorable to the
Hamas Palestinian
situation now I'm not going to take
sides I'm just going to note that uh
there were some some weapons are being
denied to Israel because of the palestin
indan uh let's say lobbying or American
Democrat uh supporters so for purely
political reasons uh Biden is being
forced to do that so now we've got Elon
Musk saying that you know the illegal
migrants are going to be essentially
determining what's happening in the
country we've got Thomas Massie uh you
reminding us that APAC has a lot of
influence especially over Israel stuff
and then we have the idea that maybe
Hamas has too much
power and then the the Dei people have
too much power but the American first
people have some power and the Das have
some power and Soros has some power so
the better way to look at all this stuff
is that for every topic there is a
warlord or two might be more than one
and that warlord is usually backed by
big money either a billionaire or two or
they've raised money from lots of people
and that uh that our so-called democracy
Republic is largely a criminal
organization run by a variety of
competing interests and often
non-competing
interests so that's the way I see it
can't say somebody's in charge of the
whole country just Warlords in charge of
certain
topics well I would say that the outcome
of the 2024 election is largely
determined at the this point um all of
my uncertainty just completely
disappeared it's Trump all the way and
here's my argument for
that um when Biden denied uh the the
bombs to
Israel I can tell you that was a that
was a last draw for a number of people
who were both Jewish and pro Biden I
think a lot of people just said are you
kidding me are you kidding me October
7th and you're not going to let us have
the bombs that we need to get this job
done now there's an argument on both
sides I'm not dismissing the
humanitarian argument that has to be
valued
but uh in a political
sense uh Biden just lost Jewish support
for the most part and I think that
there's no way he can survive that why
because
APAC a APAC has a lot power and Israel
has a lot of power and there are a lot
of Jewish Americans who don't like this
decision and it's an animating topic
there are a lot of things you can
disagree with or say well that's not
perfect but it won't necessarily change
your
vote the decision to uh delay the
armaments to um Israel and more and more
over the the larger uh bsides treatment
that Biden's giving the the issue
there's no way he's going to have the
same Jewish support that he had before
in America there's no way so I think
that alone if nothing else happened and
it's a close race up to that point that
alone would give you an outcome but it
gets better RFK Junior was asked about
his views an abortion and some program
and asked if he was in favor of abortion
up until the end of the term meaning the
moment before birth and he said
unambiguously
yes he's in favor of it and the woman
should be the one to decide now to be
fair to be fair I assume he didn't say
it but a reasonable assumption is that
the woman would have to be uh either the
either the baby would be
nonviable like if it was born it would
just you know live an hour and die in in
pain so that could be a factor
or or maybe the mother life is in danger
but I don't know how that would be
relevant if the baby has come full term
I'm not a doctor so I think there's more
to the answer perhaps he would be in
favor of some kind of you know multiple
doctors have to sign off or you can't do
it you know the mother's life has to be
in Jeopardy it has to be for
humanitarian reasons you know you could
imagine that there's a whole bunch of if
if ifs but
politically right so I'm not arguing
about abortion that's not in my
conversation right but
politically that's that's the end of
Biden because nobody who's is a
republican is going to vote for anybody
who even said the words that there would
be any situation in which you could
abort when it's ready to be born in the
normal way even even if there are
horrible
medical uh
possibilities so I think that that
confirms that there isn't any way that
uh the RFK Jr is going to take more
votes from Trump than from Biden I mean
that question is now
answered so so RFK Jr is in favor of
reparations they're zero zero
Republicans in favor of reparations the
the
reparations that's the end of the story
you you there there's no way I'm going
to support anybody for president who's
in favor of reparations the abortion
thing I I stay into that because I don't
have the same of view as RFK Jr but I do
think that women should take the lead in
what the laws are in their individual
states everybody gets a vote I'm not
saying that men shouldn't participate
I'm just saying you get a better result
of women take the lead because nobody's
going to be happy with the result no
matter what it is but at least you could
say well at least the right people made
the decision and the right people are
women in this case now I I also say to
be fair I say that the right people to
make decisions about National Defense
are mostly
men and I say that as a group not as
individuals as individuals you might
find a man who's really should be
talking about abortion maybe somebody
who's a doctor really knows a lot things
you don't know now so there could be
individual differences yes a man who
really knows something about abortion
should absolutely weigh in and yes a
woman who's really up to dat and knows a
lot about um you National Defense of
course but as a
whole we should ignore the general
opinion of women when it comes to
National Defense and as a
whole I would like to deemphasize the
role of men in making decisions about
laws about
abortion now when it comes to a couple
making a decision that's that's more
about the couple that's it's not about
the
law all right so so Biden's bad week
continues
um you've got the California AG the
Attorney General uh I saw Joel poock
report in Breitbart so the California
attorney general is preparing a whole
bunch of lawfare legal
challenges against Trump should he get
elected should he get get
elected they're going to laware him now
let me ask you this you live in the real
world and you know everybody's super
busy right we're all busy who in the
world would be spending a bunch of time
preparing
lawsuits in case Trump gets elected six
months before he gets elected you would
only do that if you're pretty sure he's
going to get elected as in you know the
decision has been made
basically so I don't see and I don't see
any situation in which somebody does
this amount of work because apparently
it's a whole bunch of different legal
actions they plan it's not like two or
three you know might be a hundred it's
like just this massive amount of lawfare
so they're trying to make sure they can
tie Trump
up I I just don't think you do that
unless you know that he's going to be
president next Biden appeared on CNN and
it was a complete train wreck and I
guarantee you the Democrats know he
can't debate he he couldn't handle Aaron
Bernett a friendly Network asking some
pretty obvious questions about the
economy and he just fell apart and we
all saw it and there's no way that
they're going to let him
debate do you think he can win by being
too feeble to debate no of course not he
can't win he doesn't have any chance and
it's it's all it's over people it is
completely
over all right so let me
um so let me summarize
that so so Biden has certainly lost
Jewish Americans you know not every
single one but he certainly lost support
with Jewish Americans and I don't have
to tell
you that that means more than just the
votes right that means APAC it means big
money it means people who have got a lot
of influence right I don't think you
could survive that alone if that was the
only thing I told
you I don't know if you could survive it
but on top of that uh RFK jors going so
far from the Republican side that you
can't possibly get Republican votes
unless they're not paying attention at
all uh the California AG seems to think
it's over the polls are heavily favoring
Trump in the um in in the uh
Battleground States the CNN
disaster itself is fatal but it
guarantees he's not going to debate now
put all that
together there isn't really any way
Biden can
win and it must be that he's exceeded
the margin of
cheating because I do believe that we
live in a country where cheating is a
possibility now I do not have proof that
happened in the past in any specific
cases that would have changed
election I just live in a system in
which if you look at the system the
system design guarantees
it because you got people scared to
death about Trump they think he's Hitler
they have access to the machines they
have access to the ballots they have
access to the ballot boxes how in the
world would they not try to cheat it is
sort of it's childish to imagine they
wouldn't
try but it looks like he might have such
a lead that it's it's under of the uh
it's of the possibility but more
importantly there could be people who
were supporting Biden who just changed
their minds so they they don't even want
to cheat it it could be that the desire
to cheat is going away because the
Israel situation is so dire they're just
like okay we can't have a brain dead guy
when we got all these problems so I
think he's done as done can be unless
something big changes and something big
always
does anyway um I did a poll
myself um let me read you the poll um
because remember now we know that uh RFK
Jr is in favor of aborting a child up to
the point of uh birth we know he had a
brain worm and we know that uh Biden
fell apart on CNN and when asked about
the economy the only thing he could talk
about competently was his Snickers bars
were getting
smaller it's the only thing he could
handle competently everything else he
had to lie about or make up numbers or
just look stupid and then we heard about
all the details about the uh Trump and
how Stormy Daniels says she passed out
during the sex even though she was not
inebriated in any way so here's the poll
that I did and I wish the professionals
could be this good I that's what you're
going to think when you hear it as soon
as you hear my poll you're going to
say why can't Gallup do that and that
was really good all right here it is my
question question do you plan to vote
for the billionaire who banged a porn
star into unconsciousness the man who
says his Snickers is too small or the
baby killer who fed his brain to a worm
I gave you three choices the billionaire
Banger the small candy guy and the
brainworm baby killer uh billionaire
Banger got 90% of the votes small candy
2% and brainworm baby killer
8% brainworm baby killer it's my
favorite sentence of the
Year all right
um I I can't remember if I talked about
this yesterday or only in the man cave I
think it was only in the man cave so
yesterday I became a subject of a story
in the daily callar who has a story that
there was a staffer who worked for V
ramas Swami who was
fired after it came out that he was
secretly working for RFK Junior's team
to convert Mega people or to at least
get Trump friendly people to retweet and
say good things about RFK
Jr now um I'm one of the people who was
called out in that story as being one of
the people who was influenced by the
gentleman who was fired by V uh for
retweeting and posting things about RFK
Jr and I do now given that I was called
Down by
name you know and I was shown my face
and my post in a story in the daily
callar about being influenced to say
things about RFK Jr do you think they
should have uh called me for a
comment you think that would have been
appropriate hey Scott what are you
thinking did this really happen did you
do it because somebody sent it to you or
did you do it because you wanted to
don't you think those would be good
questions so it's not just the
left there just something about the
media it's the most obvious question is
were you influenced by that do you have
a comment would you like to add some
context well I would like to add some
context right
now if if you're a public figure who
talks about politics on social media and
I think this is true of all of us people
send you things all day
long did you know that I mean I thought
it was obvious in my case because I'm
often retweeting things that people sent
me so people DM me all the time and they
say what about this what about that and
then I look at it and I say does that
agree with me or you know is that good
for the world and does agree with me and
then I decide whether I want to send it
out so basically I just have two forms
of social media I have one for which is
the public for on X so I read the same
stuff you see but on top of that there's
a fairly extensive network of people who
who can DM me you know people that I
follow as well who can and then also
they can email me you know people have
different ways to reach me 20 different
ways to get to me and they me stories
they send them to me on Instagram they
send them to me on uh LinkedIn they they
email me they text me they DM me on a
and some of them I
pick yeah oh wants to know where I can
get a
contract so yes it's totally true that
people send me things do I remember any
specific contact where somebody sent me
things for RFK Jr no because people send
me things from him all the time it's not
like there was one guy who sent me some
RFK Jr stuff people do it every day some
of it I like some of it I don't so that
should have been the context they should
have added but it's an interesting story
now separately um having nothing to do
with this
story uh I think I told you I did a
podcast for RFK Jr's VP pick Nicole
shenan and I went down did the did the
podcast and uh took some pictures after
Not Unusual you took some pictures with
Nicole and then I took a picture with
one of her staffers who had set up the
podcast and arranged it somebody named
Zach same guy in the daily the in the
story so I think
Zach might be the same Zach I don't know
how many people named Zach work for the
RFK junior team but but but I think I
got Zack I got I get
Zack
anyway um but I reiterate there are some
things about RFK Jr that I like a lot
and I'm not going to shy away from that
I love his attack on big food and
chronic disease I think his take on the
safety of
vaccines and I I'll give some distance
to myself about any specific claims he
makes about vaccine harm I'm not I'm not
on that train but when he says they're
not adequately
tested I think that's something we
should look
into so I'm on board with
that so there are some things that are
very very strong about his message but
I'm never going to sign up for
reparations yeah that to me that's
that's the end of the story so you don't
have to worry about what team I'm going
to be
on all right um I talked to a Democrat
who I will not name recently who said
that uh her family members and and I
feel like she was talking about the
female members of the family but maybe I
just imagined that um said they're
scared to death of the possibility of
trump returning how many of you know
somebody that you would describe as not
just having a
preference but scared to death about
Trump
returning how common is
that because I've seen it I've seen it
with my own eyes and it's a physical
fear people will actually
tremble now how do you fix
that here's what won't fix it a trump
rally a a really good Trump advertising
campaign make no
difference um a good reframe a nickname
nope nope nope nope um Scott comes up
with a clever
persuasive nope nope nope NOP there's
one and only one thing that can change
this and I will recommend it now and I'm
going to strongly recommend it like
super super recommend
it Trump needs to sit down with a bunch
of frightened
Democrats the really frightened ones the
act the ones who are actually literally
afraid of
them just sit in the room turn on the
cameras and just just let them hang out
let them ask any question they want let
them let go to the house I would have
them actually go to their private
residents go into their living room have
them bring their their cousins over
their friends sit in the living room and
say why are you so afraid of
me what what is it about me that makes
you afraid and then they would say but
but but you might be a
dictator now compare these two things
somebody on social media arguing that no
he won't be a
dictator versus he's sitting in front of
you and he's got this big Trump smile on
his face he shook your hands he he
hugged you he took pictures and then he
genuinely asked you what you thought and
then he was genuinely concerned that you
were afraid of him because guess
what his personal
Charisma is
Unstoppable you know I I've experienced
it in person if you put him in the room
people like
him pretty much every time right he his
ability to connect with people in person
is really
unparalleled like well maybe not
unparalleled the the the best
politicians can do it but he has to he
has to diffuse the bomb one
on-one now if other people see him
diffuse it they might also be affected
by it in terms of influence but he's got
to do it retail he's got to talk to a
real person and spend some quality time
and he has to let them sit in front of
him on the couch I'll say or in the
barber shop or wherever it is no I
wouldn't do the barber shop because I
don't think black men are afraid of him
do you I've never seen a black man who
is afraid of Trump have you even once
there are lots of people who prefer him
not to be president obviously but I've
never heard anybody who was like afraid
him CU he's going to be a dictator or
something I've never heard it once but
women of every type absolutely
frightened to
death but imagine they say you know
you're against uh
abortion but imagine he's in the
room imagine they're afraid of him and
he says I'm going to take you're going
to take your abortion away and he says
well actually what I did was move it to
the states so it's closer to your
control and further from my control
because that's what
happened put him in the living room with
a you know real pro-abortion Advocate
and say but you realize what I did was I
moved the control of that question away
from me and closer to you so you should
be working with your local
representatives and I do have a
preference of how that should work out
but I don't want to have the control
over your life I'm trying to remove
myself from having control over you you
see that right you see that I'm giving
you control I'm not taking it away now
how that ends up is hard to predict but
I do think that you and I should agree
that I should not be part of your
decision about your abortion do we agree
on that now imagine that in
person just imagine that in person that
is so
disarming and if he looked you in the
face and said you look like a nice
person I would like you have more babies
not fewer and I'm not apologizing for
being in favor of all Americans living
you know as long as they haven't done
something terrible I
suppose so the the thing about the uh
the anti-abortion view is that I
completely understand how people can be
on both sides of the issue but I don't
understand how you can think that the
people who are against abortion are
monsters
that part doesn't work in
person right it doesn't work in person
it works if you're thinking about it in
like a conceptual way it's like oh
they're taking my rights away in a
conceptual way but if you put somebody
in the room and you say you know I
understand that you're against abortion
I understand your reasons but I'm
looking at you as a human being and I
would like if you got pregnant I would
like you to bring a baby into the world
even a Democrat even your little
Democrat babies will vote against
Republicans I want them because as
president I should never be in favor of
a decision to end life as I see it
that's why that decision needs to get
pushed closer to you and further from me
and that's what I
did you win that you win that
conversation every time now how about
they say but but I worry you'll be a
dictator and jail all of my
opponents Trump should say
have you met a
republican have you met a
republican we're we're not the ones who
want to put people in jail for no reason
that's strictly the
Democrats and the Democrats are doing it
because they can't beat us on
arguments we can win on arguments and if
I win this election I will have woned on
arguments despite them trying to put me
in jail I'm not going to put people in
jail for no
reason there's no Republican who's in
favor of that and I work for them or
well I work for the voters there's no
voters in favor of
it the only reason people were in favor
of me being
lawed is that the media told you I was a
monster they told you I was
Hiller do you think I'm
Hiller it's really hard to look in
somebody's eyes who's being nice to you
and went to your home and is genuinely
interested in your opinion and wants
your child to live more than you do it's
hard to call that person
Hiller right so that's my
suggestion Mr Trump sit in the living
room of some very frightened Democrats
not regular Democrats you have to
specifically filter for frightened I
mean seriously frightened and just see
what happens sit in the
room all right it would be risky because
it could go off the rails I suppose it
would depend how many people were in the
room if you held it to like a group of
five to
eight Trump would totally control the
room if you put him in a room with you
know like a small audience then it could
get out of control but it needs to be
personal that's why it has to be around
a table or on a couch it it can't be a
stage and an audience because that's
that's too much
distance all right it's time to start
talking about how big the Trump
Landslide will be um
and I
think if you're worried that Republicans
won't be activated to vote because they
think Trump might win I don't think
that's the way it's going to go because
I think we all know that if Trump
doesn't win in a
landslide he won't have the authority to
do the things he wants to do so if you
want anything to get done it's got to be
a landslide would you agree with that
statement there there's almost no point
in getting him narrow narrowly elected
if he's narrowly elected we're right
back to where we were with nothing gets
done he he's he's got to just Crush so
your reason to vote even if he's way
ahead in the poll is insanely high like
your your interest in voting should be
twofold he's got to get a landslide of
Epic Proportions to be any use to
anybody right you want to stop the war
in Ukraine you you don't get that with a
close vote you don't get that you want
to close the border well he might be
able to do that with a close vote but
it's going to be hard right so he's
going to have to be coming in with a
little weight or there's just no point
in it because he brings so much trouble
with him that if he's not bringing big
Solutions at the same time you net
negative he he's an expensive
president yeah I say that often he's
expensive because he gets people all
excited and bad ways Etc he's only worth
it if you also get big wins and he needs
a landslide to get the big wins or it'll
help so there are two reasons to vote
for him if you were even if it looks
like he's going to win one is it's going
to be fun as
hell do you do you remember 2016
election night do you remember how you
felt yeah that's how you want to feel
again chase that feeling
th this is the dopamine filter I talk
about people will chase dopamine even
more than they will chase
money and if you're a republican you
know how it will feel if it's not just a
win but a crushing Landslide
defeat because you're worried about the
slippery slope and I say to
you you ladies and gentlemen are the
slippery slope
killers there is a slippery slope
forever until you stop it so that's your
job your job is to stop it and you have
all the tools you
need but you got to stop it hard you
know don't don't barely stop it you want
to crush it in terms of a landslide
Victory all right let's talk about
Stormy Daniels and Trump stormmy uh she
testified again and uh this time she
made the surprising claim on the
understand that she's a
medium H well when she was working in
porn she was a size zero but now she's a
medium and I blame processed foods for
that next
story I came up with a new nickname for
Biden I want to see if his
sticks you ready for this uh give me
give me your flash opinion new nickname
for for
Biden president small
candy president small candy one word
small
candy what do you
think because it's the only thing he can
competently talk about that his cand is
too
small I think that should be his
nickname because it's basically his
brand uh Mr President what do you think
about the uh the m rants flowing across
the
border it's Trump's fault and my cand is
too
small um Mr
Biden what can we do about uh
China I know about China but cand is too
small let them have Taiwan if they can
fix my
candy yep president small
candy um rasmon did a poll on media
coverage and uh what percentage of
people think the national news is doing
a good or excellent
job you already know it's about a
quarter it's 28% actually so a little
higher than a quarter but yes as we
often say a quarter of the respondents
to any poll will have the dumbest answer
and the dumbest answer is that the
national news is doing a good or
excellent job how in the
world could you have that
opinion how could you be alive and
functioning and able to feed yourself
and you know clean yourself and you
haven't
noticed that the national media is not
getting it done no
nothing all
right well that ladies and gentlemen
brings me to the conclusion of my
prepared comments for again the best Liv
stream you've ever seen except for that
part about the slippery slope and doing
your own research which really bothers
you and you're going to be thinking
about it all night and eventually you'll
come around to my way of thinking but
not before there's a lot of mental pain
but good luck with that and in the
meantime I'm going to say goodbye to the
platforms of YouTube and x and Rumble
I'm going to talk to the locals people
privately and uh thanks for joining
we'll see all of you again tomorrow same
place same
time all right local supporters only
coming
up
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for