boom hey everybody come on in it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams hey Jack
good to see everybody you know I can't
tell you how much I look forward to
doing this every day yeah I think his
shows I mean you probably figured it out
by now
but I wouldn't do any of this if I
didn't want to well maybe I would but in
the emergency I probably would but I do
enjoy seeing you all that is genuine it
is by far you know not counting family
Cristina stuff it's the best thing I do
today and I've tried to be useful I
think we're doing a good job here and
now would you please if you please join
me now for the simultaneous sip if
you're not prepared you've got a moment
to get prepared and all you need is a
cup or a mug or a glass of tanker
chelators died a canteen jerger flasks a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the dopamine ease of the know
what is it the join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure how could I forget
it the dopamine it of the day the thing
that makes everything better including
the coronavirus it's coffee
and you're about to have it
simultaneously with people all around
the world go that coronavirus doesn't
have a chance I pity it I pity the
coronavirus it's trying to attack earth
doing its best but we're pretty pretty
good at this it's amazing how much the
standard war analogies work with this
virus literally our strategy against the
virus is a strategic retreat which is
what we're in now you know divide and
conquer that's part of what the
strategic retreat
buying us we're building weapons there
are literally labs all over the world
building weapons against a virus and the
worlds of coordinated allies have formed
the entire you know power of humanity
the highest level of power it's ever
been
smartest more capable most connected
most determined and we are focusing on
one problem right now if you were that
one problem in the entire power of
humanity formed over 15 billion years
out lasting 99% of species
dominating the earth I wouldn't want to
be on the other team because we're gonna
kick their ass and it's not gonna happen
yet hold wait for the weapons the
weapons are being formed right now and
they're gonna be a lot of them we're
gonna have our test kits we're gonna
have our treatments for people who get
it a little bit later we're gonna have
some vaccines so hold the hill hold what
I say hold I don't mean just stay
healthy I mean the economy hold it
together I mean the psychology how old
this is different than a lot of types of
crises if this were you know a real
world war you might have some question
now who's gonna win on this one we don't
have a question who's gonna win we have
questions of when and how and you know
what the casualties will be but we're
gonna win that part's not a dispute so
we had an earthquake today in Utah I
guess it just happens with 5.7 that's
pretty big I haven't anything about
damage I'm hoping that because it's in
Utah maybe there are fewer large
structures less damage but you know good
luck to the people in Utah who who did
not need another problem here's
something that nobody is complaining
about this week for a good reason
nobody is complaining this week that
they don't have meaning in their life
think about that I mean maybe I'm wrong
there's somebody out there who says oh
my problem this week is I don't have
meaning in my life
you know I don't see that and it turns
out that you know my my discovery after
living enough years is that the only
time you you have that internal
sensation that you have meaning is if
you're helping somebody else now it
could be that you're building your own
power up you're going to school to be a
you know doctor or something
and you're gonna be useful so that gives
you meaning you're just not helping
people yeah but you're preparing to help
people I don't think there's an
exception to that I don't believe that
you can find meaning in life by pursuing
I don't know your your sculptures that
nobody's gonna look at your paintings
that nobody buys I don't think you can
find meaning in life just as an
individual the meaning is the
connectivity it's it's what you're doing
for other people and one of the things
this you know crisis has reminded us of
is what that feels like because I don't
know about you know most of you but were
you were you really engaged in trying to
make sure that your fellow humans were
we're surviving were you know doing okay
probably not probably we were all just
evolved with our own our own selves and
there was really nothing wrong with that
in good times take care of yourself
that's actually good for the public too
but I think this crisis has I just
flipped everybody's thinking
let me read something that I found very
inspirational which was this was for
representative max Rose and he tweeted
that absolutely amazed by the number of
emails I've gotten from retired doctors
nurses and medical professionals looking
for a way to help if you know that it
goes on to invite more of them now think
about that
retired medical professionals these are
not young people and and they're
actually overwhelmed with volunteers so
I would you know there's no doubt about
the the most at-risk person would be a
medical professional you know working
with patients in any way who's also
older and that's what retired medical
professionals are so these are people
who are volunteering in waves to attack
the beach I mean these are people are
just signing up for Normandy
you know Normandy it was a little
rougher but percentage-wise but you get
the point right we don't have a shortage
of heroes
we actually have an excess of heroes you
just think about that we have an excess
of heroes that's pretty amazing so I've
got some other positivity that I'll get
to but I'm gonna jump around a little
bit for a few different things sometimes
the simulation plays games with you yeah
coincidences and such and you know
today's one of those days last night
Christina told me a story that I was
going to tell today just sort of a
feel-good story and then there was a
headline unfortunately a sad one today
that Kathy Griffin's mother died I think
she was very elderly but if you follow
Kathy Griffin and for a moment just hold
your comments about what you think about
her these are emergency etiquette you
know we're at a crisis so it's a little
different etiquette we're not going to
chew up the enemies you know your
political enemies they're about real
enemies but political enemies
we're on pause for that right just let
me finish my story just hold your
opinion of Kathy Griffin for a moment so
she's got a tragedy on top of a tragedy
today it must be just horribly hard for
her today because she was very close to
her mother she was part of the Act
etc so I sent her a little message of
condolence but here's the the
coincidence last night just randomly
Christina said that I tell you the story
about Kathy Griffin and I said no I
don't think you did and here's her story
I think it was 2018 and so Christina and
her daughter and her sister were in New
York City for recreational reasons and
her sister had tickets to Kathy Griffin
so who had a show that night and on
Instagram you know Christina just
happened to see that Kathy Griffin was
promoting her show and she knew her
sister had tickets to the show
so Christina just you know send a direct
message through Instagram to Kathy
Griffin what she doesn't know and as far
as I know Kathy Griffin is not aware of
her connection to me all right so I'm
not part of the story as far as I know
and she sends a message to Kathy Griffin
and says you know I'd love to go to your
show but too bad you know I'm with my
daughter and you know I have to watch
her and Kathy Griffin replied back to
Christina who's random fan who says I
wish I could go to the show
you know big sold out probably shall and
Kathy Griffin says maybe we can help get
a babysitter and offered free tickets
think about it no Christina does not
have an adult daughter she's a very
young daughter and so Kathy Griffin
offered to help babysit you know or find
somebody tell babysit but complete
strangers kid just offered
so you know I'm going to give you some
feel-good stories that's one of them so
you know Sandra condolence today the
least important news in the world
happened last night there was something
called the Democratic primary for
several states and I didn't continue to
widen his lead on Bernie Bernie
continues to stay in we think to push
his policies which is not a bad reason
to stay in because he's been successful
in you know in getting that to happen
but I've never been less interested in
the political event of you have you ever
been less interested in such a major
political event you know I I tried to
watch the news and maybe it's because we
just figured Biden was gonna win so
there's no surprise it could be that it
could be that but in normal times I
think it's all we'd be talking about I
you know what I'm talking about it
because you know I know some of you will
be interested but I don't think I've
ever been less interested in a major
political event then than that I because
we're in this situation I just I just
can't care but here's what's interesting
about this the two most influential
Democrats right now in terms of this
crisis so you know the influential of
the moment I would argue our Andrew yang
because of the you bi thing which
certainly is going to get a test and
Bernie Sanders who has been a very you
know capable and loud voice for the
working families and definitely part of
the productive part of this crisis I
think Bernie and and yang are the two
most influential people and they lost to
Biden now tell me what Biden's done I'm
not I'm not sure it's necessarily his
job to do anything except run for
president I mean so it's not a criticism
I'm just it's more of a compliment to
Bernie anti-gang the in losing it didn't
it didn't stop them from being Patriots
didn't stop them from being useful
didn't stop them from helping didn't
stop them from being powerful voice it
voices for for our upcoming inevitable
victory over the virus so thank you
to Bernie Sanders and thank you to
Andrew yang su and you know I mentioned
this yesterday when I did my special
evening
periscope maybe I had mentioned
yesterday but Dana Bash well-known one
of the most prominent pundit voices on
CNN pointedly and directly complimented
the president for his you know new
leadership style his revised current one
and I really appreciated that as as a
citizen I appreciated that here's some
more stuff I wanted to give you some
more good news but look at my notes out
of order so here you go Joe Pollak is
reporting today that stores are already
restocked restocking is hoped delays and
a few things like certain meats but eggs
are back in plenty of produce you know I
told you that produce produce will never
be problem you know if you're worried
about the starving there's no worry at
all because you can't hoard fresh fruit
and broccoli
you know worst case the worst case
scenario is you might have to you know
eat your vegetables for a week and even
that's not going to happen because the
the meats already coming in too so the
grocery supply chain as Joel says is
tweet is amazing I have a little bit of
experience because I had a food company
startup for a while
so I got a little bit of exposure to you
know the whole food distribution and
plus my restaurant businesses so I have
a little bit more vision on that that
world and the thing that I knew early is
that it would perform no matter what
because the nature of it is that people
can't stay away from each other
physically
they still get all the work done you
know if you're picking the vegetables
you can have lots of space from you and
the other people picking vegetables if
you plant it that way you know if you're
in a processing plant I'm sure you can
get enough distance so it's a it's the
nature of the problem that it would be
easy to find people to substitute it's a
very mature lots of back ups lots of you
know if this goes wrong if that goes
wrong probably our most mature and solid
pipeline is our food and so you know
knowing that and having a little bit of
insight into that that world I've been
telling you since the start it's the
last thing you have to worry about so
don't worry about food we're gonna be
okay
toilet paper you you know we're starting
to see people realize that there wasn't
any reason to hoard that the first place
if nobody had hoarded it yeah we'd be
fine it's only the hoarding that caused
the problem and I think the hoarding
just caused the stimulus to the toilet
paper companies and they'll bill they'll
catch up pretty quickly probably already
are well good I'm gonna read you a whole
bunch of at least positive looking
trends so they're on the list I'm not
going to tell you the source only
because I haven't asked permission but I
think in normally I wouldn't read it
because I haven't asked permission and
it was an email it wasn't public but
because it's the emergency I'm gonna I'm
gonna read you the good news because you
need the good news more than I need some
minor old-world etiquette about not
telling you something that wasn't an
email okay
so we're an emergency a tacit I wouldn't
do this normally it's just good for you
so without without mentioning the source
because that's not important at the
moment here are things that are
relatively good it's a relative world
right you know this is not winning the
lottery good this is just better than
better than it could have been so
China's closed down its last coronavirus
hospital because there are not enough
new cases that's that's pretty big
Indian doctors successful treating
coronavirus with the combination of
drugs so they're using these drugs
called
been aver ritonavir Lucia Tama veer
along with clora Fenneman so the Indians
now have a body of experience it may or
may not be the answer because I don't
know if I'd heard if most of these drugs
but very valuable so you're seeing the
you're seeing humanity with you know
pockets of knowledge starting to
starting to bring that knowledge into
one unified you know meta brain if you
will and when that happens it's going to
be amazing and we're really close to it
researchers at the Erasmus Medical
Center claimed to have found an antibody
against coronavirus I'm not a scientist
I don't know what that means but sounds
good right a hundred and three year old
Chinese grandmother made a full recovery
after being for treated for six days you
know China is also released to us what
all the things they tried so they've
released to the world this is what we
found out didn't work this is what
worked very valuable and when the
president tweeted a thank you to the
Chinese people and to President Xi for
their transparency and all the you know
sacrifice they've made I think it was
genuine and and you know I certainly am
maybe the world's biggest critic of
China there might be people who make
more noise about China than I do well I
don't think anybody hates up as much as
I do I'm talking about the government
not the people and you know because I
lost the stepson to fentanyl so for me
it's personal but it is nonetheless true
that I think China has done the world a
solid a solid favor by working as hard
as they have and by compiling that
information in sharing it so we're we're
way ahead of them because we know what
they tried and that's a gigantic
advantage Apple is reopening all 42
stores in China I don't know what that
means economically so
much as what it means psychologically
because Apple has a hold of our you know
our global consciousness they're just
more important than other companies so
what do you see China is you see Apple
make any move the first thing you say is
well they're the smartest people we know
so it's probably the right and right
move and that they have a de facto
leadership role in the world whether
they wanted it or not
so Apple good leadership Thank You
Cleveland Clinic has developed a covin
19 test that gives results in hours not
days how big a deal is it that somebody
has hacked away to do a test of hours
instead of days really really big now I
don't know that this can be immediately
put into production anywhere else and
then scaled up but it's big this good
news from South Korea where a number of
new cases is declining so good job South
Korea Italy still hit hard but you know
the exploration is the the elderly
population there I don't think that's
the full story and we'll find out more
about that but so Italy the good news
bad news is there's something special
about them that makes them in the worst
situation but I don't think that's the
whole story let's say scientists and
Israel likely to announce the
development of a vaccine
I thought we knew that was coming so
that's good news 3 Maryland coronavirus
patients fully recovered and able to
return well I don't know it's just three
people two more of Filipinos have
recovered a network of Canadian
researchers are making excellent
progress again I don't know the details
the San Diego biotech company is
developing over 19 vaccinations
vaccinations working with Duke
University and National University of
Singapore good you it's all hands on
board I mean everything there's nobody
on the sidelines now you know I've been
saying from the start this is this is
not a spectator sport if you're not in
it
get it one way or the other
all seven patients who were getting
treated in a New Delhi Hospital have
recovered here's the most interesting
thing plasma from newly recovered
patients can treat others and were
infected so if you got it and you got
over it they can take your blood serum
your your your hemoglobin or whatever
the health I'm no scientist and they can
take it down to somebody who had it and
recovered recover and being the
important part and then give it to
somebody else and apparently the early
indications are that that could make a
difference
now here's that's the good news bad news
and somebody says plasma not hemoglobin
thank you so just assume that anything I
say about the medical technology is
probably wrong but directionally
accurate here's the good news the more
people that get it the more people will
recover and the more people are
available as candidates for giving blood
to be part of this you know newly newly
recovered people giving blood serum to
the two other people to protect them so
in the beginning they're not that many
people that you could even get to
volunteer but as the as the crisis
worsens so too will our weapons improve
not for a good reason in this case you
know the good reason is that so many
people got it that now we have a lot of
recovery people and they become the you
know at least potentially you know
everything I say about what might work
you just put a big caveat in your mind
we don't know anything right now but we
have strong indications of some things
that are really promising and that's
worth noting all right I put this logger
meter the election slaughter meter had
60% I did have it at over I think my
last my last you know slaughter meter
was around 500-600 percent basically
saying that
Trump was gonna win easily no matter
what so that's what the slaughter meter
records that's just my opinion it's not
based on anything and I I'm our KITT
down to 60% because the the uncertainty
of the coronavirus takes what would have
been otherwise a fairly slam-dunk
reelection for Trump and it just
introduces variables that they can't yet
to be fully seen so operate is 60% you
know there's a 50% greater chance the
Trump would get reelected then buyers
would win but you have to put some
insert uncertainty back in there will
have that and of course the slaughter
beater gets updated so it doesn't tell
you what's going to happen at the end it
just tells you artificially if nothing
changed this is what it would look like
but something always changes something
always changes what if we can't go to
the polls we'll figure it out between
now and November I have great confidence
that the full weight of the United
States power and energy and focus can
figure out how do if I have an election
that doesn't look great yeah I suppose
we're gonna yell that it was rigged no
matter what happens but I think we can
do this that that that feels well within
our capability you know in a in a
wartime footing which we're in now
that's November's a long time away right
in a normal world if you said to me
Scott can we redesign our voting system
by November I'd say whoa what are you
been drinking the world can't do
anything that fast we're not gonna
redesign our voting system before
November that would be crazy it would be
reckless and we couldn't get it done but
that was yesterday
we're on war footing now friction is
sort of disappeared in terms of like
political friction and you know people
just carping about what would be the
best thing to do at this point that the
time it takes between now and November
to figure out how to have a legitimate
election in the United States that's a
lot of time in a in a crisis
if we can't get that done well be
surprised I'll be surprised there's very
early indication that people with blood
group blood type a might have a greater
risk than blood type O and so I
immediately went to my online health
records to find out what my blood type
was and I couldn't figure it out so I
sure wish I knew I I think I would
already know if I were a blood type oh
right
if your blood type o your doctor taps on
taps you on the shoulder maybe I'm wrong
about this but this is just an
assumption if you blood type O I think
people somebody taps you on the shoulder
so you know it'd be nice if you donated
blood because I think o is the one
everybody that that is in most demand so
you'd probably know if you had blood
type O if you're an adult of a certain
age and I don't know that and so I'm
guessing I'm probably a but there's also
a we're getting information that
conflicts about whether you can get the
coronavirus from a surface as opposed to
somebody breathing on you in some fairly
intensive way and the conflicting
information is that scientifically the
the virus can live for a while on
surfaces you know a day or two depending
on the surface I think would is safer
than something else
etc but basically the scientists say oh
it can definitely live on surfaces so in
theory if you get it from touching
something that somebody else touched but
they also say that there are no
confirmed cases where we know somebody
got it from that in other words
everybody who has it has a story of a
direct connection with a human being
that they they were close to physically
close to so there's no case of somebody
who says you know I don't have any
connection with anybody I've just been
you know living my life keeping my
distance but I haven't washed my hands
that much and I got coronavirus now I
don't know how easily we can tell
how easily can we tell this somebody got
it from a person versus got it from an
object I don't know that we can tell
that's why there's something's
uncertainty but there are so many cases
that have been exhaustively you know
researched because that's the main thing
you do and somebody guess it you say all
right who did you talk to where were you
and you and you deconstruct their recent
history to find out who else is infected
so we should have kicked up at least at
least some people where you could say
you know maybe they got it from the
surface because even if somebody got it
from close contact with a human how do
you know you got it from you know the
air droplets flying through the air
versus somebody touched a glass of their
spouse who had it how do you know so at
least there's some reason to be a little
bit optimistic the surfaces are not
going to be the main source of infection
and I think we can we could probably
confidently say that's true I think we
can confidently say that the main
problem is not going to be surfaces but
of course it still exists as risk so
wash your hands use your hand sanitizers
and keep your hands away from your face
so I think there's no question that it's
a potential problem so treat it like
it's a full problem so Democrats are
trying to blame Fox News for the slow
response by the president or at least
not taking it as seriously as soon as
they think you should have they've
gotten some very clever but misleading
memes showing the Fox News hosts you
know downplaying it while the while the
virus was getting worse now that
certainly happened so in terms of you
know describing what happened we all
watched it so there's no question about
what happened but here's the thing was
this some kind of weird isolated
conservative Republican Fox News watcher
problem can anybody tell me that there
weren't any Demick
that's in the country or Democrats on TV
who also were saying well looks like
it's just the flu you know does anybody
think that now I'm not excusing anybody
for anything that's not my job and I
don't want to look back too much but I
would note that I think we were sort of
all in this together of people slowly
realizing that this wasn't normal
you know a lot of us went through that
went through that phase where we were
trying to figure out how bad it was but
I was thinking to myself who are the
earliest voices saying clothes travel
from China were they Democrats you know
who it was the first person to say close
the airports from China I think it was
me I'm not a Democrat now I I'm putting
that out there
provocatively because I want somebody to
prove me wrong but is there anybody in
the public you know I consider myself a
public figure but was there anybody in
the public who was said to who said
loudly and I was pretty worked up about
it
I'm January 24th to close the airports
from China immediately figure it out
later
but close that close the airport now and
then figure now I don't think anybody
said that before I did am i right
who was telling you that the supply the
supply line problem could be as big if
not much bigger than the the virus
itself who was saying that really early
Mike sort of itch Mike sandwich is he a
Democrat no don't think so
I think he's independent but you know
you can you can tell you what he is but
he's not a Democrat who who are the
biggest Hawks on China really early so
names like Gordon Chang Lance Bass I
don't I don't know what their political
affiliations are but I don't think
either them or necessarily you know
classic Democrats I don't know what they
are so I'm just
that out there but these are the
strongest voices I heard the the people
who were on this thank you
Tom cogman was the next woman's could
have mentioned Tom cotton who had never
been on my radar before you know I've
heard the name and you know sometimes he
was against the president issues I don't
really even remember what they were but
I would say Tom cotton is showing
tremendous leadership on how to think
about this how to be aggressive at it
how to deal with Jive on this so Tom
cotton he's no Democrat so I hear what
you're saying I hear what you're saying
Democrats the Fox News has some
explaining that conversation can happen
later and I'm and I invite it because I
think is actually a useful conversation
you always want to audit you always
wanted to do an autopsy on anything that
worked and anything that didn't work so
let's have that conversation but let's
not pretend this is the the
conservatives got it all wrong when the
Democrats were smart because nothing
like that happened nothing like that
happened
so I don't think it serves the country
to be trying to frame it that way at the
moment let's have the conversation but
let's have it later
I cancelled two surgeries for myself so
I had two upcoming minor surgeries that
I don't know why no larathen you know
one was so minor it's not worth
mentioning you know it just would have
been stitches and getting rid of a cyst
wall you know the cysts already is
cleared up but I guess they leave a
little they leave what's called a wall
will structure beneath the skin that I
can't even feel so I had the most minor
surgery planned for that there was going
to be you know ten minutes and walk out
with some stitches to get rid of that
that's canceled until further notice
then I had far more important surgery
that I was going to have on my sinuses
that is just postponed forever until
till further notice so that one and
interestingly I was I was contacting my
health provider at the same time they
were contact
to me both of us were canceling the
surgeries at the same time because even
if my health care provider had said yeah
you know we're not an emergency yet
let's just keep your surgery on the
books and you know we'll do it next week
I want to go on ahead because I can you
know my surgery the nasal stuff is you
know it's optional in the sense that I
could push it off better than somebody
with a you know heart attack or
something but it would have been really
hard well it is going to be so if my
symptoms return it's going to be a tough
time for me but I was going to cancel
the surgery anyway because it's optional
and it's an emergency
and if people like me can just get her
get her a business end of the healthcare
system and a wait we should do it so I
cancelled my stuff I should tell you
that this is just a personal note cuz I
feel like we have a personal connection
I hope you do too that I had a big worry
that went away yesterday the reason that
I had an MRI on my sinuses was not just
to get the lay of the land so that they
could plan the surgery it was because
there was a suspicion that I had that
there was a problem with the brain
barrier to my sinus which would have
been a pretty big problem and the cat
scan showed that it might be a problem
the MRI said no problem
you know once it could be seen clear the
brain barrier was intact I'd never even
heard this as a problem before but
apparently if your sinus problem gets to
the extreme level than I did in some
cases the brain barrier is arrest is at
risk I've never heard of that I guess
from the infections over time but mine
is not so as of yesterday I found out I
had a gigantic thing to worry about that
just went away and I gotta say made me
feel good I wasn't sharing that with
anybody but it's all good news so I can
tell you now all right
newt gingrich said in sweet reporter
asked me today why conservatives were
initially so skeptical of the threat of
the corona virus which we which many of
us were at least in some ways and he
said i tried to explain that one of the
dangerous consequences of having a
totally dishonest left wing news media
was that most americans discounted their
hysteria as phony and you know newt once
again you know one of the one of the
keenest observers i think that's true I
mean I don't think it's complete because
it's not it's not as if the left wing
news was the only one that got what
things wrong this is certainly nothing
like that but it's part of the question
yeah I think the news business in
general has some some questions they
answer left and right but newt is right
the the extraordinary disservice that
our news business as has been serving up
really hurt us in this case it really
hurt us because there was no trust
whatsoever and i'm not sure there should
have been I don't think that's a problem
of the the public if anybody is blaming
the public for not taking us seriously
as soon as they should
I think that's misplaced I believe that
the news destroyed his credibility to
the point where we had trouble believing
it until it was impossible to ignore we
see looks like the government is
thinking seriously about sending on
direct checks you know not really ubi
but sort of looks like that baby
propping up airlines and small
businesses and Trump seems to be
aggressive about this which is good I
told the yesterday so last night I gave
an update that I sent a direct message
on Twitter to the FCC chair Ajit PI I
hope I pronounced his name right I don't
know if I did about the question of
doctors practicing across state borders
and and he said basically he's on the
same page and has been for years and the
government is working toward that I
don't know the details I offered to
offer to help persuade if there's some
person who needs to change their mind
but I'm a little disappointed that
that's not already done because I can't
imagine anybody at the federal level
disagrees it seems to be the local state
licensing boards or being little tyrants
or something I don't know what's going
on that's my guess but certainly at the
federal level I'll bet you couldn't find
one person who doesn't think this is a
tremendous idea to temporarily get rid
of the state restrictions and let us
doctors practice anywhere for the
emergency you you know Fertel
telemedicine especially and I just need
to know who's saying no is there anybody
saying now it could be a case of just it
takes a while to say yes you got to get
your ducks in order you know maybe you
need to research some things before you
say yes but if anybody is resisting this
can you get me that name if there's any
entity or person that could be
identified who is on the other side of
that yeah at the federal level I don't
care about the states but if anybody at
the federal level is saying no to this
first of all I'd like to hear the reason
and if I'm not satisfied with the reason
I'd like an opportunity to persuade
because I don't think I don't think it
would take me more than 20 minutes you
give me 20 minutes with whoever is the
problem and I will change their mind I
don't usually use persuasion at let's
say weapons-grade but it's an emergency
so I would pull out all the stops
assuming you know there was no good
reason for the for delaying but I would
there's nothing I would I mean I would
get that done give me 20 minutes in a
room with whoever and ease their mind
changed and I'll make that happen for
you I promise
let's see what else we got going on oh
this is really interesting I don't know
how many of you will remember this
but and correct me if I didn't say it
but I pretty sure I talked about this
some time ago on periscope there if we
have a ventilator shortage I asked is
there any way to just make additional
tubes so that two people can use a
ventilator instead of water and then
you've instantly doubled your capacity
so that was the first thing I said which
is it was a ready way to you know have a
t-connector and have two people use the
same ventilator the other thing I said
was we need some kind of a tutorial to
train the untrained and how to use a
ventilator now I learned a lot about
that since I made that ignorant
suggestion because it was it was an
ignorant suggestion because I literally
don't know enough about that world to be
smart about it but in the emergency I
feel it's good for us to float any idea
that needs consideration and that was
one of them and smart people told me
this they said Oh Scott it's two to four
years to learn to be a respiration
therapist which is the job that manages
the ventilators there are different
kinds of ventilators you know you
couldn't quickly train somebody to
operate a ventilator and then I asked
somebody who actually does that job so
you know you don't want the people don't
do the job telling you how hard would it
be to learn so somebody who actually did
the job weighed in on Twitter and said
you know I do this I'm a I'm a
respiration therapist I work with
ventilators and in my opinion two weeks
two weeks so here are the things you
need to know there are lots of different
ventilator types but they are somewhat
standard in the sense that if you learn
to use one you would know how to use the
others you know you'd find the on button
and there would be enough in common sort
of like driving a car if you learn to
drive one car you probably could drive
any a car so that's the first thing you
don't you don't need much extra learning
for the other types of machines the
second thing is that if you skip all the
stuff that you know you don't need
during an emergency you're in good shape
so in a normal world
presumably you your respirator people
would need to be as smart as a doctor on
that narrow topic right I mean you do
why your respiration is therapist to
know everything a doctor would know but
in that narrow respiration the world but
we don't need that you know we do have
doctors wait they're going to be nearby
and in an emergency situation at least
one individual thought that you could
take somebody who had medical training
let's say an EMT or a nurse and you
could convert somebody who had already
got a head start on the medical stuff
you could convert them in maybe two
weeks now that's just one one person who
does the job opinion and feels right
kind of feels right doesn't it but
here's the good part and I'm continued I
continue to be impressed at ordinary
heroes stepping up there was a woman who
was a doctor who apparently was part of
a study in which they studied the exact
question of whether in an emergency you
could use one ventilator for more than
one person turns out she gave it she did
a video that she just whipped together
for the emergency and it was very well
done look you know was just done on the
cheap I think probably done with an iPad
or something and she showed very easily
how you could convert a one-person
ventilator into a four-person ventilator
using stuff that's already at the
hospital so in other words I guess they
already have you know parts there's one
part that you cut and you cut in half to
you know connect to things but it's a
common element and she showed it she did
a tutorial it looked pretty simple
looked like I could have done it really
and it was a it was a connector for four
one two three four four hoses from one
ventilator now does that work
can one ventilator safely
work on four patients turns out it's
been tested unfortunately unfortunately
there was a reason to test it was the
Vegas shooting so there was a Vegas
doctor who had been familiar with the
doctors who did the study so he had some
personal connection to the people who
did the study and suddenly his emergency
room is overrun with shooting victims
from the the Vegas shooting and he
needed more ventilators than he had and
he knew about the study and so he put
that into practice he had never been
tested on a human it had been tested
you know mechanically but nobody had
ever tried to have a human he tried it
on humans because he had to it was an
emergency
it worked so that's not a clearly that's
not any kind of a you know long-range
fda test but it worked on humans and it
quadrupled the number of respirators now
there's there's a wild card here if you
have four people who have a virus and
they're on the same respirator you're
sharing air or at least there's the
potential for sharing air and you're you
you would probably reasonably ask
yourself you know is that gonna make
anybody worse well as the doctor who did
the video said you would only be using
it of people who were confirmed and very
sick from the virus
so what's unlikely that they would give
each other the virus I still have that
question of whether you could get
somebody else's virus couldn't make it
worse you know only a doctor can answer
that but the but it was a doctor doing
the video and she said as long as you
already have the virus and it's an
emergency is not the safest thing in the
world but if it's emergency you could do
this so one doctor in one place being a
hero
said what can I do and she made this
video and she spared her special
knowledge and now the ventilator
capacity of the United States just
quadrupled now remember when I told you
that the when when geniuses get to get
and that's what's happening with this
coronavirus situation when geniuses
start sharing information you form a a
meta brain that will be more powerful
than anything we've ever seen and then
when the results start to happen that
they're going to happen really quickly
but it's going to take a while to get to
the elbow this is one of those examples
do you think before today did any of you
think that you could quadruple a
ventilator supply in the United States
in one day did anybody think that was
there anybody in the world who said yeah
you know I think will quadruple
ventilator supply in one day nobody
thought that but we did we did now I'm
giving you the optimistic view there
that everybody can do this and they all
saw the video and and things and I hope
I'm part of a part of spreading the the
idea now I didn't I think I tweeted it
so you could find it in my Twitter feed
from yesterday but I imagine you could
google it something like you know Google
ventilator shared hose t-connector
coronavirus it would pop right up I'm
pretty sure so anybody looking for that
probably find it easily so that's good
news let's talk about some other
technology there's a report that
Palantir that would be believe that's
Peter Thiel's you invested in that and
they I don't know exactly what Palantir
does it's sort of a mysterious company
but they do something with data and and
you know digging through large amounts
of data to find stuff and so the report
says that Palantir and Clear View AI
that's the app that law enforcement uses
to take a picture of you and then they
know your name are among the tech firms
now in discussion with the government
about implementing widespread
surveillance tools in response to the
corona virus now here's another one you
didn't see coming
did you ever see coming that we probably
could slap together the technology from
from existing systems that
you could find out who somebody came in
contact with by taking a picture of them
it might bring up you know I I don't
know how they would do it bring up their
social connections find out where they
were I don't know exactly how that works
but it seems promising
because identifying people and knowing
something about them is the primary
thing we need to do to get a handle on
this I've said before that the corona
virus is an information problem
disguised as a health problem because if
we had enough information it wouldn't be
a health problem and we're watching the
amount of information that we have
expanding exponentially
did you see the Biden livestream you
know of course the candidates are
staying home as they shed and Biden did
a live stream in which he looked
presidential in front of some flags with
a BAC background at a podium and he
gives us serious little address that I
don't know if I was written or not but
that he's done but they don't turn off
the camera and so there's this weird
awkward thing where as his wife walks
onto the camera
- I think convinced him to get off
camera because he's just sort of
standing there awkwardly on camera like
he doesn't know what to do like he's old
that's what it looked like so his wife
comes in and then I don't think Joe
Biden knew why she was coming in because
he didn't know that he should get off
the stage because he was looking weird
and awkward and old because the camera
was still running and he wasn't doing
anything useful and so he thinks she's
going in for the hug so he gives her a
hug and people she goes along and gives
him a kiss and and they sort of walk off
and I'm thinking to myself that could
not have been a worse look that really
looked bad we're gonna see a lot more of
that
Governor Cuomo who has been quite a
critic of President Trump is changing
his rhetoric a little bit and he's
saying today quote his team is on it so
this is Governor Cuomo talking about
President Trump his team is on it they
have been responsive late at night early
in the morning and thus far they have
been doing everything that they can do
and I want to say thank you and I want
to say that I appreciate it and I think
he has some other good words too now of
course well you know when the when the
dust settles everybody will be
finger-pointing and we'll get political
again but thank you to Governor Cuomo
thank you for I think exactly the right
tone at exactly the right time for for a
little bit of healing when we need it
there was a report out today anonymous
sources of course that minuchin was
warning in some kind of a private
meeting with Republican senators I think
it was he senators anyway and he warned
that the u.s. could see a 20%
unemployment yeah I was meeting with the
Republican senators yesterday and
somebody there told the media about that
think about that there was somebody in
that meeting who thought that the
well-being of the country was not nearly
as important as being a little and
tattling about what happened in the
meeting this is some of the worst
behavior I've ever seen honestly because
the first thing is what does the word
could mean in this context do you know
do you know when other time we could we
could have 20% unemployment any time I
mean anything could happen to say
something could happen is sort of also
saying it's on the high side he's not
putting the percentage on it but if you
take that number out of context which is
what happened that's a number that could
tank the whole economy this is the kind
of rumor
that works against the psychology of the
economy in such a grotesque way that
whoever did this needs to wake up today
and this is what you know Joel Paul
excited his tweet about this
I'll just read his tweet because I think
he captures it right he says journalists
have a duty to report the news you know
obviously so it's not the journalists
fault for reporting this even when it's
bad for the country you know we kind of
accept that then that the news business
has a special place they can tell us
good news they can tell us bad news we
have to figure it out but once it's new
as it's news so the reporter has a
different responsibility than other
people especially in the crisis and then
Joel goes on he says but whichever
Republican senator leaked this
conjecture because it is just conjecture
and it's the high end of conjecture
which is what makes it so bad which can
only have been made as part of a plea
for unity and I'm sorry let me leave it
read it again but whichever Republican
senator leaked this conjecture which can
only have been made as part of a plea
for unity in other words what minuchin
was doing was trying to rally people
saying you know this could be bad so we
need to be on the same side a plea for
unity in action order wrestled with his
or her consciousness evening it's not
about politics this is war hashtag
pulled together totally totally agree
you know normal business when people are
tattling on these clothes meetings and
running to their sources and normal
times I don't like it
in normal times I think it may might be
damaging but it's also just part of the
baseline political weasel process and so
I don't care about it that much but
we're in a different situation if you if
whoever did this doesn't know how to
modify their behavior in an emergency
they don't deserve their job period so
later when the dust settles should we
ever find out who this was I think we've
got to ask if we want to keep them on
the job and this is a Republican so let
me be as fair as I can I don't care what
what party they're in I would say this
about it
I would say this about an independent I
would say this about a Republican and I
am whoever did that you really hurt the
country there's no one there's no two
ways about that that was a private
conversation for private professionals
to know what to do it was not something
you tell the public because it's not the
way to frame it for the public the
public needs the truth but let's frame
it properly if you're going to give it
to him this was despicable despicable
behavior and we can do better pretty
sure we will I remind you that even
though it's impossible to not talk about
what's happened you know you can try as
hard as you want but you sort of have to
we don't have to focus on it so that's
my last word on that topic because I'm
not going to focus on it going forward
my expectation for you senators my
expectation that that's higher than
wanting you know if you had to rank it
you know there are things you wish you
had and then there are things that you
expect I don't want you to stop
you know leaking to the press it's not
something I want this is an emergency I
expect it I expect it that's all I'm
gonna say it's not it's not it's not a
what I expect it get on board
let's see what else we got going on here
here's one that's knocked up on me
so you know the the company zoom which
is a tremendous product by the way you
know I don't I don't glow about too many
products I glow about this one but this
is the Apple the earbuds this is like
one of the best products ever invented
you know I could quibble about a couple
things about mostly that I lose it but
you know because there's small items
that's my fault
but man this is a good product the zoom
is like that so zoom is a video
conferencing product that you can very
easily send some
the link they don't need to know
anything nor have any special software
they click the link and you have it
you're in the video conference it's got
all kinds of features and stuff great
great product you know and I've been
testing a lot of different video
conferencing things because I do
podcasts and the podcasters you know as
a guest and the podcasters all use
different software and stuff no doubt
about it
zoom is the good product yeah I mean
it's really solid I love that product
I wish it could do live streaming but
what it does it as well but here's the
thing it's an American company that's
good right aren't you glad that the the
aren't you glad the zoom is an American
company so first all they're doing well
that's great you know it's good that
anybody's doing well maybe that can
partially compensate you know at least
in terms of stimulus to the economy for
the people we're not doing well so you
need some people to do well and that's
great and it's American company but
here's the thing they're engineers are
Chinese in China so they've done the
smart thing which is they've they've
lowered their cost of labor tremendously
by using offshore experts so the main
engineers for the biggest most important
business communication tool in the
United States are Chinese engineers
living in China China Chinese citizens
if you were the person who owned zoom
you know in other words you were the
company and you were the engineers who
worked there could you see or capture
every bit of high-level business and
political conversation that goes across
that platform because I assume the way
it works is that when I have zoom on my
side and you've got it on your side it's
the traffic is going through their
servers is it not now it might be
encrypted
I hope it's encrypted but how hard would
it be for them to unencrypted it not
hard right
now here's what I hope I believe the the
the top guide the founder of zoom I
believe he was born in China but he's an
American so he came over here early in
his life so he's just an American so
none of this is about the entrepreneur
let me be as clear about this as I can
the guy who started
I don't care where he came from he's an
American
alright let's just put a period on that
he's an American he was doing what
Americans do build great companies it's
a great company it's really a great
company in terms of the product but he
had a vulnerability that was an
advantage and until now I think the
vulnerability is that he was using
Chinese engineers now can we trust that
the Chinese government cannot co-opt
engineers who live in their countries no
you can't trust that at all you can't
trust that at all unfortunately could
the Chinese government twist an arm of a
some engineer who lives in China and it
works on the zoom product the of course
they could of course they could now
here's my request to the American owners
of zoom see what you can do see what you
can do
my assumption and I'm gonna be as firm
on this as I can that everybody who is
working on this product who is American
once America to do well and knows how to
do the right thing and will do the right
thing now I don't know what that is it
could be a case of you're diligently
watching your code to make sure that if
anything is changed by somebody in China
you can tell I'm not smart enough to
know what that entails but in the short
run watch it carefully please because
the rest of us are going to be watching
it in the long run kind of need to bring
your engineers home you know you kind of
gotta need to bring that home because I
think that that's a security
potential security flaw I don't know if
it is a security problem but it's a
potential one that has enormous
consequences you know all the most
important business in the United States
is going through that platform could
they put on a sniffer that could pick
out key words and know what to listen to
yeah they could they could
technologically they could but again the
founders an American I have every reason
to believe he's gonna do the right thing
every reason to believe he's on our side
completely so let's assume that they'll
take care of that that's a that's a
that's a request from the public all
right here's a question I don't know
does the corona virus and this is like a
scientifically ignorant question I would
just like to understand this and it's a
general virus question so it's not
specific to the corona virus but maybe
there's something different about it and
it goes like this
if you were if you get a small exposure
let's say you get it on your fingers and
then you touch your mouth and the virus
comes in that way little just trace bit
on your finger trace bit got on your
your lips and got into your mouth and
then it grew compared that to let's say
somebody who was on a cruise ship or in
a confined space such as a nursing home
where where their exposure might be I
don't know if we know this yet but more
of an aerosol sort of you know sort of
in the it's in the room as opposed to
something you touched once and put it on
your lip and it got in your body do both
of those affect you the same way here's
why I asked the psychosomatically I had
to I had to scratch an itch on my face I
will wash my hands at the moment I turn
this off it's like so physically do you
have the same outcome if you've got a
small infection that worked its way into
your body versus you were you were sort
of you know marinating
enviros you know it was sort of coming
in your ears in your mouth and your skin
maybe you're getting it in multiple
different ways at the same time would
you have a better outcome by getting
something that grew slowly through one
opening because your body would would
get the warning faster and have more
time to to you know build up a defense
versus that you're just overwhelmed and
it's coming from everywhere and then
you're dead because I the reason this is
important is it would tell us a lot
about mitigation you know it would tell
me that if I simply stay six feet away
from people and don't stay in the same
room with people for too long and that
sort of thing then you know perhaps I
even if I caught it perhaps I would get
the the slow-growing kind that maybe
gives me a little time to build up my
defenses so it's just a question
somebody says our bodies have no defense
well that's not true we build the
defense yeah so we recognize that your
body kicks and I would say that's a
defense people recover from it somebody
says it's not the same I don't know if
any of you were experts I'll just read
some comments so that somebody is
speculating that the the size of the
viral load matters and I've heard that
but I'd like to hear from somebody who's
an expert because it could be it could
be one of them
the main determinants of where things
are gonna go well everybody who's
answering is saying yes but I don't know
if any of you are experts so put it put
an asterisk on that maybe but we'll find
that down tomorrow those are the points
I wanted to talk about see the traffic
is dropping you've got other things to
do I hope I'm being helpful and I will I
don't know when but I'll probably try to
pop on again tonight we can't get enough
of this can we all right I'm just
looking at your comments now because
I've been sort of looking at my notes
until now
well I love you too stay safe dad got it
but only one of three kids did it
happened in my city yeah that's good
news you know if if a family member gets
it and only one other family member gets
it and you and you can you know sense it
and separate them that's pretty good
news all right everybody saying goodbye
so I guess it's time to go thank you so
much for joining me I will see you later
today