but I'm a man
bah-bah-bah hey everybody come on in the
air come on come on hurry up get in here
Joanna's here she's already here where
are the rest of you Jeremy's here and
mr. Graham Coleman's here it's about
time for the rest of you to get in here
get in here Eric's here Eric Finland
everybody say hi Derek Amy's here low
pray low Plains Drifter come on in here
alright let's talk about Cavanaugh let's
talk about Christine Ford what's the big
question what's the big question you
want to know let me tell you the big
question the big question you want to
know is who's telling the truth and who
is lying
let me see your opinions first tell me
who do you believe
just give me the one name who do you
believe Cavanaugh or Ford who do you
believe go Cavanaugh or Ford there's a
little bit of delay in the comments I'll
tell you my opinion but navall you
you're coming in for a good one
get in here and give me your opinions
just say Cavanaugh or Ford who do you
find more credible who is more
believable should be able to see the
answers in just a moment and then I'll
tell you the right answer I will tell
you the right answer all right two one
so it looks like the answers are coming
in now Cavanaugh both I will also tell
you whether he will be confirmed I will
give you the answers in a moment I'm not
seeing people stepping up to answer the
question I see a few more Cavanaugh is
that
Ford's here's the answer Christine for
dr. Ford was 100% credible I found and
by credible what I mean is that she
looked like she was not lying now let's
talk about Cavanaugh Cavanaugh was 100%
credible he wasn't lying either and I
feel like I would have been able to tell
if either one of them had been lying
they both looked completely honest now
I've told you that my worldview is that
we live in a simulation and one way that
you could tell if you're in a simulation
is that the creator of the simulation
would not create the entire history just
in case you need it
the history would be created on demand
when you needed it this is one of those
cases where both of their history lines
can simultaneously be true because we
can never solve for it we don't have any
way to know which one is right so she
can go through her whole life in the
simulation having experienced this thing
in reality it's her reality while at the
same time Kavanagh can go through his
timeline in the simulation having never
done anything like that they're both
completely possible if your worldview is
that we're in the simulation now if
somebody produced a videotape you know
that's not going to happen but you know
hypothetically theoretically if somebody
came up with a videotape then one of
those two possibilities would would
collapse into the other and then we
would have one history but that's not
going to happen so what do you do yes so
what you watched was a perfect example
of two movies on one screen in one of
those movies something happened and in
the other movie it did not but let's
talk about the details let's talk about
Cavanaugh's
shall I call it performance he when he
did his interview with Martha McCallum
on Fox
he was very reserved and you know dare I
say I know you you just he was very not
manly
and I thought it was a good look because
it made him look a little more
sympathetic but when he got in front of
the politicians imagine this for you
just just put yourself in his head it's
not bad enough that his whole life and
his family and his reputation might be
permanently destroyed but he had to sit
in the room with the people who did it
the perpetrators were in that room with
him for hours looking at him oh my god
can you imagine can you put yourself in
the situation where your life had been
destroyed and the people who have done
it completely cynically just for
political purposes are right in front of
you they're right there how would you
feel I think he you know the fact that
he didn't punch anybody shows he's got
some you know some self-control so he so
in no particular order here some some
observations his anger looked real and
it looked like the kind of anger that
you don't get unless you know you've
been wrongly accused now that doesn't
mean he was wrongly accused so we're
only talking about the performance right
that's the only thing we can judge we
weren't there 36 years ago but the
performance and the type of anger he had
and the the genuineness of that anger as
it was directed at the people in that
room or half of the people in that room
that looked real and it looked like the
kind of anger you don't get if you got
caught doing something bad you know the
doing something bad anger looks a little
differently
you know it looks a little more like
your ank you're acting I suppose this
looked real so I thought the anger was
perfect because he he later modulated if
he had been angry all the way through he
would look unhinged and that wouldn't be
good but the anger that he expressed was
in the context of the angry expressed
was in the context of showing how they
had Leo set him up so it was perfectly
placed
then there's the denial itself and I've
told you how people who are liars deny
things people who are liars leave
themselves an out so they deny over
specifically so a liar would say I did
not touch a woman on that night two
specific right that night a liar would
say I did not have any memory of
touching her well any memory that still
leaves an opening right or I never I
never drank that much beer well that
still leaves the opening that you drank
enough beer you know so his denials
though were thorough
they were completely thorough that's the
way you deny when you're innocent now
keep in mind that he's a judge so he's a
trained professional he knows what lying
looks like right so if somebody was
going to come up with a really good lie
well a judge would be pretty good choice
for somebody who could lie really well
if he chose to do so so you can't take
from the fact that his denial was
perfect to make the same same kind of
conclusion that you would make with a
citizen you know he's in the sense he's
a trained professional dealing with the
truth and with you know lies so he'd
notice that he knows that it makes
something sound true even if it isn't I
like that we framed it in the beginning
as a plot to get
I thought that was very effective I had
not really heard it framed as succinctly
and as well as he did so that was good
here's one of the best things he did the
the situation is that dr. Ford is the
the one making the allegations and that
puts her in the in the position as the
victim and if something happened as she
alleges then of course she is a victim
but time matters a victim a long time
ago is not going to affect you the same
way a victim who's right in front of you
so even if the thing that happened 36
years ago if it happened was worse than
being let's say embarrassed or having
your reputation sullied it's so long ago
that we just don't we don't give it the
same weight and I don't think I had
fully appreciated how much damage this
is doing to him and to his family and to
his kids so we watched him frame himself
and his family as the victims they're
the victims today and he hid that a
theme over and over again and it's
important so that was smart so he did a
really good job of taking the the victim
off of the the ledger and moving the
victim hood onto the the accused and the
accused family which was more effective
if they had just been about him if he
had been talking about only himself and
said oh bad things happened to me you
might not have the sympathy that you
would have for his wife for his children
so it was very good that he made sure
that you understood there were serious
victims here so dr. Ford no matter the
truth of dr. Ford's claims no matter the
truth of them whether it's true or not
she did make three women a woman and two
children
victims so dr. Ford did choose to
victimize three people now she may be
able to rationalize it or justify it by
saying well it's not really it's not
really my fault
I'm the victim and you know it's not my
fault that there was a ripple effect
just because I'm trying to get justice
so she has every right as every day
accused as every victim does they always
have a an unambiguous right to pursue
justice nobody's questioning that but
just on a factual level it did create
three victims and of three females and
it was intentional so when I watched
dianne feinstein the senator of my state
who i'm ashamed of essentially
destroying the life of this man his wife
and his two girls it was horrible to me
it was just horrible to watch the next
thing I thought was speaking of dianne
feinstein i forget who the other guy was
Leahy baby ooh the other octogenarian
but Kavanagh was so good today and they
were so old it almost started looking
like elder abuse at one point like I
actually couldn't get that in my on my
head that he was he was playing as such
a higher level compared to the 80
something-year-old people who were
interviewing him it felt like elder
abuse I mean they just they did not
belong in the room let me say this as
clearly as possible they're too old
they're not competent in a way that they
could be we deserve better and by the
way I would say this no matter what
party they're in they are too damn old
I'm sorry I'm you know I think we
deserve better
then people who were you know one foot
in the grave
and look at the trouble that those
oldsters are causing us the other thing
I liked was he did a really good job
amazingly impressively good job of
painting himself as a Democrat I'm
talking about Kavanagh
by the time Cavanaugh was done talking
about all the things he had done for a
women it felt to me like he was he was
discriminating against men I I was
actually starting to get mad at him
because I didn't hear all the details
but it sounded like he picked four women
for his what do you call it clerks for
the Supreme Court should he get
nominated and I'm thinking to myself
well diversity is great I'm actually a
fan you know because especially for the
government you know you want the
government to represent the people but
really for women that there were there
was no guy in the top four well maybe
maybe there was but it came across to me
like he was discriminating against men
which to me makes him a Democrat because
am I wrong he acted like he was a
Democrat because he talked about you
know essentially discriminating against
men so I'm not a fan about that but it
might help him in his quest to get
approved now the other thing that I did
not see coming I did not see this coming
the calendar stuff was brilliant now to
be clear and he said this as well
there's nothing that's on his calendars
you know he actually had his calendars
from from 1982 amazing there was nothing
on the calendar that proves or disproves
what he was doing right if somebody went
to a party is 17 and drank a bunch of
beer maybe they don't write that on
their calendar that their parents could
say right so the fact that it wasn't on
his calendar that that's
proof of anything but we're in a game of
persuasion
it's a persuasion game it's not a proof
game you know because it's not a court
we're just trying to persuade people
and when Cavanaugh started going through
the details that he could recount of
every weekend in 1982 he told you what
he was doing with his dad does his dad
also kept calendars from every year and
he had kept essentially a diary of
everything he'd done since he was 14 who
does that who does that exactly when you
need it I'm gonna start a calendar I
tell ya I'm gonna start writing down all
my calendar stuff too just in case so
the main thing that the calendar thing
did was it allowed Cavanaugh to paint a
very detailed picture of what that month
looked like which made his memory of
events seem way up here so when you were
done if you watched both of them if you
watch dr. Ford and then you watched him
you would say her memory has got all
these holes in it doesn't know the house
the time the place she is not quite sure
who's there are the people who say she
was there say they weren't there you
know he's not even sure he's met her so
her story has all kinds of memory plot
problems including how the heck did she
get there and how did she go home and
how did she remember that she had
exactly one beer who remembers they had
one beer in 1982 oh yes I remember it
was a Saturday it was 1982 I drank one
beer I believe it was a Budweiser didn't
finish it had a little trouble giving
the the can opened I believe I got a
little of the beer on me when I opened
the can
who remembers there one beer from 1982
the fact that you remember that or
claims to and then there were all these
other things that she couldn't remember
gives you an impression
of potentially faulty memory now that
doesn't mean that the main event the
actually the actual assault is in the
category of things she doesn't remember
because she says she remembers that very
clearly but when you compare it to
Cavanaugh's more detailed like you know
I here's where I was on this day this is
what I did in the afternoon that's what
I did at the night I never would have
gone out that night because I had put
you know football practice or whatever
it gave you a picture of someone who had
a really clear memory compared to
someone who does not so wow that was
really good stuff the calendar is just
crazy it's just crazy that there's an
allegation from 36 years ago and one of
the people produces a an actual written
record of where he was that day come on
when does that happen now that doesn't
mean it's accurate but it's just
remarkable that it exists at all so I'll
say it again I believe both of them were
telling the truth as they believed it I
did not see in Christine Ford obvious
signs of lying I saw lots of signs that
her memory has holes in it with
Cavanaugh
I saw no indication that he's lying
it's a tie I think they were both
telling the truth as they sought
according to their own memories and
given that situation the next question
is what are we going to do about it now
there are some wildcards like you've got
a Jeff Flake who doesn't have to you
know it doesn't ever have to be in the
government he's already retiring you've
got some some women who you know forgot
a gender thing they've got to manage as
well as a Republican thing and they've
got their they've got their base but you
put it all together and if you watch
these two people there is no way you
could walk away saying oh he's just
completely guilty there's no
about it and if you do well I'm not
going to say there's no way to do that
because clearly people are doing that
people would just pick sides according
to their team but I think he did a good
job of describing that if we go down
this road of using this standard you
know this level of uncertainty from this
long ago if we use that standard it's
the beginning of something very bad and
I think he made that case pretty well so
the two possibilities that I would say
would be at the top toward the top any
way would be a standard false memory or
we live in the simulation and there is
no actual history but there are two
remembered histories was it good enough
to convince the moderate Republican
senators it doesn't really matter so the
the moderate senators who were the ones
who are on the fence they really just
need a fake because they need a reason
that they can look at and say ok that's
the reason ok this is the reason so they
need a reason and to vote for him did he
give them a reason yes he was he was
sufficiently credible that that's enough
of a cover that they could say look if
you heard it you saw what I saw I you
know this guy looks like he's pretty
straight shooter we wouldn't want to
lose him in the court we can't let the
can't let the the enemies get away with
this so I think that they have all the
ammunition they need to do that
let's say just looking at your what
about the FBI questions yeah I thought
Kavanaugh did not do a good job
answering the why don't you want the FBI
to investigate
so persuasion wise it might have been
okay that he kept returning to the same
talking point he kept saying I am
willing to you know I'm willing to come
in and sit and testify anyway you want
so the question kept being why don't you
want the FBI to investigate and
Cavanaugh would angrily and emotionally
answer a completely different question
so he would say that he was willing to
testify at any time that was not it just
wasn't an elegant answer here would be
my suggestion for a better answer a
better way he could have dealt with it
you know it's it's always easy after the
fact he should have said I'm willing to
testify to anybody and anytime I want to
clear the record straight I'm okay with
anybody investigating so that party did
say but when she follows up and said so
why did you call for those
investigations the correct answer was I
would like to stay separate from the
political process the politicians have
to make that decision about what is the
process I don't want to interfere with
Congress's job Congress needs to decide
who investigates if anybody I my job is
to be a judge and to to testify I can
only tell you what my job is and I will
do all of it I'll be there for anybody
I'll talk to anybody and I would prefer
you know that that somebody looks into
it but I'm not going to tell Congress
how to do their job I believe in the
separation of of powers that would have
been a good answer
I think right isn't that a better answer
than the one you saw
I wish he just kept saying that's not my
call
exactly so that's that's what I'm
advising as well he should have said
it's not his decision he would be
completely ok with it and it would
probably help but he doesn't he doesn't
want to advise Congress how to do their
job that would have been the right
decision
yeah he knows the FBI equals more delays
here's it here's another here would be
another way to go at that you know why
do why don't you want the FBI to
investigate here's a good answer senator
Feinstein I understand that there are
people in here who have questions but
I'm not one of them I have the advantage
of knowing that I didn't do any of this
so an investigation is really your what
you need to do I mean if you need to do
it go ahead and I'm all on all in favor
of it but I don't need an investigation
because I know I didn't do this thing
now that may not make exactly a lot of
sense but it would be a confident thing
to say and it would probably work
persuasion wise do I think you'll be
confirmed the answer is yes yes and the
reason he'll be confirmed is because he
did a good job of of making his case
basically and if it's just he said she
said which is all it is now the
Democrats have all the cover they need
to say well we're not comfortable with
it the Republicans have all the cover
they needed to say yeah he satisfied all
of our lingering concerns we don't want
to make a victim out of his family that
would be good ad and by the way we you
don't want this to be a precedent this
precedent has to fail right it's far
less important who we get in the Supreme
Court you know assuming that you know
the list beyond Kavanaugh is pretty
pretty solid you know whether it's him
or the second choice is the third choice
throw a pretty solid I understand
and so that that doesn't matter so much
is the fact you don't want to set a
precedent that anybody can derail
anybody with this sort of stuff so I
think Congress will say look we just
can't live with this precedent or
Republicans we're going to vote Amman
and if they don't if there are some
Republicans who can't take the heat if
they can't take the heat they're
probably going to get primaried and
there's gonna be a whole lot of money
flowing to their competitors so I think
it is not it is not politically safe for
any Republican to vote against them at
this point not because of whether it's
true or false but because we can't know
and you can't have this precedent that
you can't have you could have you know
you can live with a justice that isn't
your exact first choice you can live
with that you can't live with this
precedent this is not one you can live
with it is crying good persuasion it is
you know if it's done right and then the
right time in place yes because it
showed it showed sincerity and that
needed to be needed to be communicated
is the vote what happening tomorrow I
don't know the update on the vote who
needs to decide is that just Grassley or
who is it who decides that so I don't
know yeah
so dr. Ford's answer about her
hippocampus was what was very
interesting I didn't know what to make
in that I couldn't decide if that was
good persuasion or bad persuasion
because it sounded like she knew what
she was talking about and since she has
the background for that stuff that
sounded believable here's the questions
that I would have asked if I were the
if I were the lawyer who was asking the
questions here's what I would have asked
of dr. Ford dr. Ford
have you ever accused anybody else of
any improprieties dr. Ford have you ever
had a memory of let's say a childhood
event or anything that you later found
out was wrong dr. Ford do you know
people who have had false memories dr.
Ford is it possible for people to be an
eyewitness to a crime and have a false
memory of it you know because you're an
expert on memory is it possible for
other people to have that now presumably
she would say yes other people it's
well-documented other people have had
false memories and then you say dr. Ford
do those people know their memories are
false does it feel false to them and she
would say no false memories feel exactly
like the real thing then dr. Ford if
other people have false memories that
feel exactly like the same thing and you
have a memory of this thing which other
people who should remember it don't is
it even possible that your memory as
clear as it is could be in that category
that's very well represented and you're
an expert on it the category of fake
memories yeah I know you think it isn't
and you've said very clearly you you
strongly believe it's true but if you
could take some distance and look at
yourself as if you or someone else would
what do you think it's even possible to
have a false memory of a case like this
I'd love to hear the answer that
obviously the the lawyer who was working
for the Republicans it seems to me
obvious that she had been coached to go
light she it was not a was not a
search-and-destroy mission and that was
probably the right play probably the
right play
somebody's asking me does she have crazy
eyes well here's the thing those glasses
that she wore really didn't let us see
her eyes and I haven't seen pictures of
her wearing glasses before I'm not
saying that she that they're fake
glasses because it looked like they were
prescription pretty heavy and I could
see good reasons why she wouldn't want
to wear contact lenses and in this
situation but the effect of it was we
couldn't get a good look in her eyes and
it makes me wonder how intentional that
was my guess is that it was intentional
and that and that I think it's possible
that her lawyer said look people are
gonna look at your beady eyes and
they're gonna get the wrong idea oh yeah
the other the other part was when she
was asked about flying
apparently she flies all over the place
so the whole thing about why wouldn't
she fly across the country she managed
to turn into oh I didn't understand that
they were willing to fly out to see me
now when she said I didn't understand
that Congress was willing to fly
somebody out to me that was a lie right
so when I said that she looked like
she's telling the truth I'm talking
about the alleged event when she said
she didn't understand that Congress was
willing to come to her I don't think
there's any chance that wasn't a lie
that was just a lie and you can see that
you know the the truth was probably more
of a stalling thing or maybe she hadn't
decided you know we don't know what she
was thinking we don't know why she lied
but I would say fairly with fair
confidence earner that she lied about
two things I think she lied about her
to fly because a lot of people don't
like flying but she's one of them is
clear that she flies all the time she
tried to make an excuse that it's easier
to fly to a vacation well sure but not
so much of a difference that she
couldn't fly out to save the country you
know we're talking about like you know
the fate of the country she couldn't
take get on the plane for that so there
are two lies in my opinion can't know
for sure because you don't know what's
in her head but two things that looked
obviously like lies one is that she
didn't want to come here because the
flying thing that was probably
exaggerated for effect and two that she
didn't understand they had offered to
come to her that was just clearly a lie
because everybody in the country knew
that that offer had been made literally
everybody
there's nobody she could have talked to
who wouldn't have said but they said
they'd come out here I mean literally
everybody who was following the story
knows that so we do have two instances
where she clearly lied probably not
enough to turn into our perjury
situation but because they they have to
do with their state of mind and you
can't really prove state of mind at
least not easily but that certainly
heard her credibility and I think that
too gives in us enough cover yet if I
were looking for an excuse to vote for
her it would be this easy
judge Kavanagh seemed completely
credible Christine Ford seems very
credible when she talks about an attack
happened but it's obvious that she lied
about the flying and it's obvious that
she lied about not knowing that they
were gonna fly to her given that we know
she lied and it's kind of obvious she's
no longer a credible witness in the
sense that we would use this standard to
keep somebody off of the Supreme Court
so that's all the cover you need if
you're a Republican and you wanted a
reason to have a to vote for a
Republican or a conservative
if you don't know she is lying you're
naive well she's clearly lying about two
things but the attack itself is I think
a little bit more likely mistaken
identity than a lie if you had to if you
had to put a percentage on it
doctor for do you have frequent flyer
accounts yeah that wouldn't tell you as
much as I should because the fact that
she flies is all you need to know a lie
under oath is lie yeah a lie that can't
be proven though is irrelevant so if she
said that she was too afraid to fly how
do you prove that she wasn't too afraid
to fly I just don't know that anybody
would make that case they kept her in
isolation for ten days and she really
didn't know well her lawyer knew if her
lawyer didn't tell her I mean that's
almost a bigger problem
so clearly your lawyer knew what the
deal was Lindsey Graham's performance I
haven't seen him today but he's been
very strong on this Lindsey Graham as I
get I got to say I like I like the way
he's handled this whole thing
yeah there were some memory holes about
whether the music was on or not but
that's not really the sort of thing that
somebody's gonna remember from 36 years
ago impact on the me2 movement
well it's certainly it's bad for the me2
movement no matter what happens in this
situation half of the country is going
to think it wasn't true and they're
certainly going to think that the other
allegations that are just crazy you know
the gang rapes and other stuff they're
certainly going to think that that
part's not true so I think what the
world has witnessed is at least half of
them I've seen something that they know
to be false accusations of you know me
to stuff so it's probably a terrible
blow to the credibility of women in
general which would be a bad result some
would say not yeah then the thing about
the two doors when you hear that
somebody needs two doors on their home
and after she admitted that there's no
way to know if her PTSD or her mental
condition what however she defines it
there's no way to know if that was
entirely caused by this alleged event or
was it entirely caused by her genetics
there's no way to know so that matters
yes and she had memory apparently she
had memory lapses of things that that
just happened recently so what would
what did Lindsey Graham do that was so
good I'm gonna have to go watch that I
guess well I mean let me see if I can
find it really quickly while you're here
then probably will be one of the first
videos that comes up videos is that
Lindsey Graham slams Democrat leaders
for sitting on sexual assaults it's
probably that well I don't want to play
the whole thing but I'll go look into
later all right I think that's enough
for now
I've got work to do and I will talk to
you later