I didn't put them um hey everybody hey
Nicolas Duncan come on in here you know
what time it is I think you do it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and while
you're getting in here I'm gonna reverse
my camera and show you a little good
news from the outside world if you've
been following my periscopes you know
I've been showing you external views of
how much smoke there is I'm about a
hundred and fifty miles or more from the
closest of the big fires in California
but until recently the hills which you
see here very clearly were invisible so
this is the first day in over a week at
least that those hills are visible and
as you can see they're not that far away
so we haven't been able to go outside
because everything everything beyond at
this tree level to see the trees that
are closed everything beyond that was a
complete why they don't until today well
good news and apparently good work by
the firefighters maybe some rain coming
on Thanksgiving so that's all good news
yeah the fires are still burning is my
understanding but at least the the
biggest part of this smoke danger where
I live is past okay let's talk about
CNN's mind reading the big story on CNN
is that the president wanted the Justice
Department to investigate Clinton and he
wanted Thome fired now whatever you see
a story about anonymous anonymous
sources telling you what the president
was thinking how much credibility should
you put in
how much credibility should you put I
just saw something funny goodbye in the
comments how much credibility should you
put in a report by unnamed sources who
are familiar with the president's
internal thoughts how about none if
you've never been interviewed or the
subject of the news it's easy to look in
a story like that and say well yeah
people who know him say what they he
wanted to do X now it's entirely
possible that that's exactly what he was
thinking and exactly what he wanted but
but let me tell you how easily this
could be misreported so suppose the
president is talking about all the
things going on all the attacks have bet
against him and suppose he says to his
aides well maybe we should just you know
indict Hillary and indict Comey if
they're if they're gonna play this way
we should maybe we should play this -
what do you think and then is that whose
aides say no mr. president that's a bad
idea don't do that for the following
reasons and then the president says okay
and then he doesn't do it now the way I
told it does that sound like a story
that just sounds like the way people
talk behind closed doors if you put me
in that situation do you think that at
least once I would have asked the
question hey do you think we should just
go after Hillary or go after Comey
because the reasons for going after them
appear to me is stronger than the
reasons that people are coming after me
should we consider that and then people
say no and then I go okay I heard you
reasons so I won't do it and as we can
see you didn't do it so once this is
reported by by CNN it sort of morphs a
little bit because you're not in the
room so here's one of the most important
things about communication that you can
understand things that you say at a
rally in the context of you know
entertaining a crowd are different than
what you would say at a press conference
and are different
from what you would say in what you
think is going to be a private meeting
among your your staff so the way you
talk in each of these contexts is quite
different because it's a different
audience that it will be received a
different way what CNN is doing and this
is a clever trick they're taking a
private conversation and they're moving
it to the public just the very act of
doing that alone should make this sound
wrong does it it does they moved it from
the private context where it didn't mean
much of anything it's just one of a
thousand ideas that people kicked around
and decided not to act on suppose we had
suppose we had a full list of all the
things that the president suggested you
know said hey what about this and all
the things that his aides had suggested
and then decided not to do don't you
think that's a big list all the things
they kicked around and then they said
okay there's a good reason we can't do
that and so we won't do it so what CNN
is done there's a little sleight of hand
that you don't recognize if you're not
doing communication for a living they
took a private conversation they moved
it to another domain acting like it's
late yeah as if it were public and then
it's all wrong that's easy to do if you
are moving the context from one to
another another thing here's an opinion
piece I haven't ready Apple let me click
on it called our fragile president by
one one of the president's usual critics
so now now somebody is reading the
president's mind and they've decided
that instead of him being a
counter-puncher and a tough guy that
he's mentally fragile how exactly do you
know that because all of the evidence is
that he has the toughest mentality I've
ever seen
take for example the Saudi situation
do you think the president was unaware
do you think the president was unaware
that there would be enormous pushback
about the morality of going soft on
Saudi Arabia of course he knew that he
did it anyway so why did the president
choose why anyone and any normal person
would have known was so I'm not reading
his mind
I'm just saying something that anybody
would have known anybody would have
known that his pushback for the Saudi
Arabia statement would be huge but he
did it anyway right is that why you do
if you're trying to if you're fragile do
fragile people intentionally take in
public the hardest choice that will be
criticized the most they kind of don't
that would be an irrational thing to do
if you were fragile and you were just
looking out for yourself the easiest
thing that the president could have done
is just agree with every other fricking
person in the world that's what I
fragile person does I'll just go along
with the crowd what the President did
was decided that he could take the heat
so the president is like Jesus like
Jesus dying for our sins
worse than allergy ever I'm not trying
to persuade you here I'm trying to make
a point the president is saying fairly
directly I realize how bad this looks
I'm gonna take it all personally so they
you the country you the rest of the
country can retain your moral standing
think about it the president has allowed
everyone else in the country to maintain
their moral standing by criticizing him
and they maintain their moral standing
he doesn't he gives up everything for
the country
so he's the amoral one but he's also
making the adult leadership decision
that how do we get to a place where the
citizens of the country can keep their
moral standard as as they are because
the citizens are are hoppin mad right
the citizens are saying no no we're
moral people we cannot condone this and
they're saying it loudly publicly
they're saying in there in every
publication you know but both the left
and the right you it's the most unifying
thing I've seen lately which is the
entire country saying no we are moral
people we are above this the president
has created a solution where he alone
will die for this decision now it's sort
of a hopefully a temporary political
death meaning that he's taking all the
heat the Jesus analogy is not meant to
persuade I'm just making an example of
somebody who who sacrifices so one of
the tests of whether your analogy is
useless or useful it's useful to
describe a new concept and if you could
describe that same concept without the
analogy as I just did it's a person
taking a sacrifice for the greater good
then the analogy is just a shortcut if I
was doing it because I wanted you to
think Trump was Jesus that's probably
not my best play all right so so while
while everybody gets to exercise their
moral indignation and by the way I
haven't done this yet so I would like to
join in with the rest of the country and
say my god I don't want to be associated
with the murder of a journalist
that's the worst moral thing I've seen
in 10 minutes it's a pretty immoral
world so there are lots of examples so I
would like to join with everyone in the
United States except our president
everyone I'm gonna join with everyone in
the United States except the president
I'm going to oppose him with my
strongest moral fiber and I really do I
I'm not even kidding about that from a
moral perspective being nice to somebody
who just bone sawed his critic there's
no way you can defend that it's
indefensible on a moral level on a
practical level on a self-interest level
on a strategic level it's really easy to
defend those levels is really easy to
defend but only one person is going to
take that heat and luckily it's not you
and it's not me it's just the president
he has decided to take the adult
decision now I have referred to the his
critics on this as taking the child the
child position the child position is
look at all these complicated variables
there's only one that matters
that's what children do they look at a
complicated situation and say I want
candy but it's dinnertime it's bad for
you bad for your health it's bad in the
long run why I want candy
that's the child's view so the child's
view on saudi arabia's we can't work
with the Saudis they killed the guy
that's immoral we can't can't be on that
side I want candy they're leaving out
all of the other complexities of the
Middle East it's not adult thinking but
luckily there is exactly one adult and
as luck would have it he's in charge so
you got that going for you I would also
suggest that those who are saying that
the United States is what it is you know
the most powerful nation because of our
moral fiber may not have a good
understanding of history I would go so
far as to say that the reason the United
States is as powerful and as stronger
it is might be closer to you know the
immoral things we've done take for
example the United States stolen from
the Native Americans who we murdered and
and gave diseases to it and everything
else not we I wasn't there but the
United States is not exactly built on a
moral base but in its defense in its
defense the the Christian ethic
is a strong unifying thing for
individuals and for business
Christianity is really good for business
because you know if two serious
Christians get in the room to negotiate
they have a look they have far higher
feeling that the other one will do the
right thing so there's nothing better
you can do for an economy then dump a
bunch of Christians in one place and say
all right all you Christians figure out
how to make some money
Christians are really good at that and
one of the superpowers is that because
they share a you know a belief that God
is watching them they're a little more
likely maybe a lot more likely to not
cheat even if maybe they could so
Christianity is super useful for
capitalism if those two things just fit
together really well but I think it's a
mistake to say that the United States
got so strong because of our strong
moral fiber that's wrong moral fiber
helps a lot and individuals but at a
national level we did some we did some
bad things to get where we are such as
stealing the land from the Native
Americans just to pick one example right
yeah you could go through your own
examples of terrible things the United
States has done which doesn't make the
United States terrible you know the the
the country doesn't always follow the
moral path alright I got myself into a
weird little pickle with a periscope and
what
I talked about a hypothesis there people
who read the most fiction might be
primed for confirmation bias because
when you read fiction everything in the
story has meaning every clue means
something to the story but in the real
world it's just coincidence so if all if
you're used to seeing lots of
coincidences the next coincidence you
see you can say well there's another
coincidence doesn't mean anything but if
you read fiction all the time then this
is just a hypothesis I'm not claiming
there's any proof of this the hypothesis
is that your mind would be primed to see
any kind of anecdotal situation as
meaningful because anecdotal situations
are meaningful in fiction so I said that
but I used a bad chart in which I also
threw in another concept about the
likelihood that your major was part of
it and if you looked at the chart it
looked like I was saying which I was not
saying it looked like I was saying that
that Republicans are more likely to be
the scientists in fact that's obviously
the opposite most scientists are lean
left so a lot of people who are and
here's the funny part the people who
complained and are getting on me like
I'm the dumbest guy who ever lived are
the people who didn't understand the
points I'll bet you almost all of them
are fiction readers in other words I
made a point that fiction readers are
more likely to draw conclusions from a
few clues than maybe a scientist would
the scientists would say yeah the clues
point in one direction but that doesn't
mean anything
gotta yell look at all the clues you got
to put it in context you put it got to
put it in a controlled study just the
fact that it looks like it leans into
one direction really doesn't tell you
anything so I ended up proving my point
by causing a whole bunch of the people
to think I'm really stupid wasn't
exactly the plan but as humorous just
the same all right
all right it's always somebody's you're
doing it here so somebody was saying um
Scott well let me see if I can make that
come back I used to be able to scroll
back these comments I was going to make
fun of somebody here but I lost the
exact comment correlation doesn't mean
causation so right I said most
scientists don't lean left now if you
were going to test my hypothesis as
opposed to the one you think I said my
hypothesis is that among scientists the
ones who read the most fiction would be
the most susceptible to being fooled by
anecdotal non scientific information so
so you'd have to look at that class and
say all right within scientists some of
them read a lot of fiction some don't is
there any difference and my hypothesis
is that there would be now the question
of why are most scientists also
Democrats that could be explained by a
lot of different things could be
socioeconomic factors which caused you
to go to college in the first place it
could be it could be that most
professors are in an environment where
all the other professors tend to be
liberal so that over time even the you
know even the scientists become liberal
at least the professor's do so it's very
possible that scientists being a
minority of any college situation that
those professors end up over time
becoming liberals and then they're
training people to the same point of
view because if you're a liberal
professor you're gonna say everybody who
doesn't believe in climate science
models which are not science but that's
another story
must be a bunch of dumb Republicans so
it does make sense because we're not
talking about one variable controlling
everything in the world that among
scientists because they're in a big
environment in which they're the
minority and most of them are liberal
over time most most you'd expect that
most scientists at universities would be
liberal and therefore they would be
raising more liberal scientists so
that's a an entirely different set of
factors than what I was talking about
which is if you read too much fiction
it probably Prime's you because
everything you do Prime's you you
shouldn't be the exception it would be
strange if it's the exception now
the fiction reading scientists think
outside the box better - that might be
true I would not I would not doubt that
a bit yeah and by the way if you ever
meet a Republican or a conservative
scientist they will tell you that they
keep their head down and I think that
will tell you that they don't talk about
the reviews too much in public I have
had that experience of talking to a
conservative scientist and it was
fascinating to hear his opinion somebody
says that's me I don't talk about it
all right now we're also entering the
holiday phase and during the holiday
phase I would draw your attention to the
following phenomenon have you noticed
that the news and it doesn't matter
which side of the news you're talking
about the news tends to have a certain
let's say temperature which is uh things
are things are going wrong there's
problems there's problems and that
temperature doesn't seem to change even
as the news changes have you noticed
that have you noticed that whatever news
there is if if you had news let's say
that's nuclear war risk or terror
attacks you know that on a scale of one
to ten those things would be let's say a
ten and if how excited your your
treatment of it should be but the the
excitement stays the same no matter what
stories are filling filling the news so
what you should expect is that over the
holidays the big news slows down or
stops in other words we shouldn't see
much in the way of actual big news in
the next six weeks but the newest
business will still keep you ratcheted
up to a ten so what you should see is
small issues that are being promoted
like they're big issues so you you
should see in the next six weeks
especially from CN n tons of
mind-reading stories and tons of watch
how many unnamed sources are behind the
biggest stories so when you have real
news and real big problems you talk
about them but if you don't have real
news and we're not going to have it for
six weeks or so if it's typical then you
should see things like Ivanka's email
becoming the biggest problem in the
world you should see things like the
president's treatment of Saudi Arabia
which if you think about it it's a
pretty small problem that we that the
news business has decided to make a big
problem because bad people are killing
people all
and we're still doing business with them
it's sort of business as usual so if you
take a look at China for example they
are apparently putting their their
Muslim minority population in
concentration camps think about that
where we deal with China and China is
literally rounding up their Muslim
population and putting them in
concentration camps the I think is
Uyghur uig uhr something like that the
Uyghur population there I think
ethnic Turks maybe and there are a few
million of them but they're actually
there's basically you know the the first
step toward you know ethnic cleansing
and and China and we do more business
with than anybody don't we so it is you
always have to keep things in context so
you're going to see things that are
naturally small look like they're the
biggest problem in the world in the next
six weeks and then at the end of six
weeks at the end of six weeks we'll just
stop talking about the things that were
well there was an anonymous source who
said the president was angry about
something we think that in his interior
thoughts he had a bad thought we believe
that he's not considering all the
variables because we're reading his mind
and it's not what we would have done we
have a half pinion about doing this
because we're getting ignore all the
other variables and just look at this
one because that's what makes that news
otherwise it wouldn't be news if you put
it in context that so you're going to
see nothing but fake news half opinions
mind-reading and oh and also the other
one is weird speculation about the
future so for example you're I'm saying
this week if we give up our moral
leadership because of this J shogi thing
then then everything will fall apart to
which I say I don't see any connecting
tissue
why how does that argument work can you
fill in some details that if we give up
our moral leadership on this one thing
the Middle East will start acting
differently have you met the Middle East
has anybody met the Middle East I'll
tell you one thing they don't care about
one person getting killed if there's
anything they care less about in the
Middle East is one person got killed
because if they were caring about that
they wouldn't have time to do anything
else because you know how often one
person gets killed for some evil
political religious reason in the Middle
East
it's you know if you could hear the hear
the ticker it would be like click click
click click click that's all the people
getting killed for terrible reasons in
the Middle East right now click click
click click click click click
Jogi was just one who got a lot of
attention so which is not to minimize
the brutality and horror of it I'm just
saying that got to see these things in
context yeah
as somebody noted here I have a very
tough holiday season coming up if you've
never had a family member died before
the holidays I don't recommend it
because because next six weeks is gonna
be tough for me at all but I'll get
through it Reid Gordon Chang on China
yeah Gordon Chang's my favorite go-to
guy for that region well thank you for
everybody you're all so nice but
fentanyl China will be sorry and the KH
and Chi shogi is pronounced like a
rasping cloth that sounds about right
all right well I really I appreciate all
your good thoughts they do mean a lot to
me and I think I'm done for today
somebody somebody
keeps saying in the comments so I'm
gonna I'll mention it that somebody is
trying to come up with a nickname for
Kamala Harris and somebody is suggesting
koala koala like a koala bear
I think that's funny because a koala
bear they're sort of famous for being
the most useless animal the most useless
animal can't even take care of itself
you know if you didn't feed it it would
starve to death yeah you know they're
slow they're like a koala bear I can
barely move it's funny but it's not
nearly as weaponized as the word cold
cold you're not going to be I don't
think I don't think you're gonna beat
that word as a kill shot alright that's
enough for now I'll talk to you all
later bye