[Music]
hey is anybody
around I'm coming to you a little bit
later than
normal because I'm in a different time
zone
and I can't get up that early still dark
where I
am hey
everybody yes I'm I'm traveling so this
week I'll be hey
Pleasanton uh I will
be a little later than normal oh you're
having wine in Switzerland well why
don't you raise your glass of wine for
those of you who are not alcoholics in
the United States raise your coffee your
mug your glass your thermos your
container your Stein your chalice fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
sip
ah did you see in the news that there
was a Hawaiian uh
Airlines Hawaiian Airlines plane that
took off from La for Maui and had to
turn back three
times uh that day I was on a Hawaiian
Airline and in San Francisco to Maui so
of of the two planes that were going to
Maui from the two places on the West
Coast one of them did not do well I was
on the other one so I got lucky this
time all right um somebody's asking me
about Jack dorsy interview on Joe Rogan
and somebody else said he mentioned the
simultaneous sip but I don't know
anything about that I I haven't I
haven't seen that clip but I'll I'll
look for that I I always like to catch
up on my Joe Rogan um so let's talk
about Northam shall we
has anybody ever had a worse week than
Governor
noram you know I shouldn't be laughing
about
it I should not be laughing about it but
it's so bad that I can't stop laughing
at how bad it is and I swear to God even
if this story was about me you know
thank God it isn't but even if I had a
week that was that bad I think I even I
would laugh at it it's so it's so
absurdly ridiculously bad I mean it
starts out with uh being accused of
wanting to kill live babies after
birth now if nothing else had happened
in his life except being accused of
wanting to kill live babies after birth
he'd sort of be that guy
forever so what is the only way that you
can get that reputation you know pushed
down a little bit the only way you can
make people stop thinking about your
reputation as a baby killer is just to
have somebody dig up a photo when you
were 25 of either in blackface or in in
a KKK outfit we don't know which
one now let's let's put all this in
context uh there there are of course
many layers of this story
so on the political
level he's toast right there there's no
realistic way that he has a future in
politics now I assume he'll be driven
out of office uh because if he's not
it's the best thing in the world for
Republicans there is nothing better you
could do for a president Trump or for
Trump's
reelection there's nothing the Democrats
could do that would be better than
keeping this guy his job it would be the
ultimate so I'm expecting president
Trump to say why why don't you just keep
him
there give him a
pass um but of course it's
politics and so there there's no
forgiveness in politics if you're on the
other
side so on a on a social level and on a
political level there's not much to say
about it cuz he's he's as toasted as you
can get um
but let's talk about it on the
persuasion level right now remember when
we talk about the persuasion level uh on
letting you make your own moral and
ethical
judgments right so so don't don't uh
don't imagine that you're seeing my
ethical or moral opinions here I'm just
talking about what's persuasive and what
is
not if you had been him and you got
caught with that photo
did he handle it
well well his approach was to take full
responsibility and I kind of like the
fact that he didn't clarify which which
which one he was he did not clarify
whether he was the the person pictured
in blackface or the picture person the
picture the person pictured in the KKK
Hood I actually thought it was smart of
him to not say there's a difference
because if he if he tried to you know
make any distinction between oh this one
wasn't as bad as that one that would
just be far worse
so oh he's now saying he wasn't either
oh he says he doesn't believe it was him
but he apologize for
it well maybe that's the better play
um
okay what would what is the only thing
that could be worse than than being
pictured either in blackace or in a KKK
uniform while you're sitting Governor
the only thing worse is to is to admit
it was you and then later say no I
definitely would have done those things
so I took responsibility but turns out
it was a picture of somebody else being
a
racist now given that he also had uh a
racist sounding nickname which I'm not
even going to say on here which started
with the the
sea um you know you all saw it given all
that yeah given his nickname that was
also in the the year the yearbook it
would be pretty hard to imagine it
wasn't him or at least he wasn't part of
a group who talked and acted this
way all right so if we can ignore for a
moment the question of whether it was
him and let's assume that it was
what would be the best defense if you
were him so he took the apology route
and we're going to talk about the 48
hour rule and the 20year rule in a
minute here would have been the better
defense and again I'm not defending him
cuz he's toast right there's just no way
he comes back from any of this um but
we're just talking about persuasion and
what would be effective he missed I
think an obvious play
what kind of costumes do you
wear uh on
Halloween let's see if you can get there
before I finish the thought what kind of
costumes do people wear on
Halloween and somebody says it's
indefensible yeah it's indefensible on a
political level no doubt about it and on
the social level it's indefensible but
what what's the best thing he could have
done
right here's the
answer Halloween is when you dress up as
a
monster Halloween is a day that
everybody agrees you dress up as a
monster meaning that the the context was
that it was the most monstrous thing
that they could think of and as is often
the case people people sometimes go as
paars so if you were
uh who who are the guys who had had the
lion the tiger act and got Maul Sig
freed and Roy do you remember after Sig
freed and Roy whichever one it was Roy I
think it was Roy who got attacked and
eventually died from the tiger
wounds well I went to a party with no I
didn't go to a party but I saw a costume
of somebody who shall remain nameless
wearing a Sig freed and Roy costume
where they went as a a pair uh no
actually I think he just went as
Roy and it was the most offensive
horrible thing and it was too soon but
that was kind of the point right so
Halloween is a bunch of people trying to
dress up in the
scariest you know worst costumes
so uh the smartest play and I'm not
saying it's true I'm not saying that's
what he was thinking I'm not defending
him he's he's definitely toast no matter
what it's it's offensive no matter what
you say but his better defense would
have been
um stop making excuses right I'm going
to block anybody who says apologist
we're making excuses because I've so
clearly demonstrated that that's not
what I'm doing right if you can't get
that simple point I'm going to block you
just because you you haven't pass the
you haven't passed the listening
test all right so
um keep in mind that he's being
accused of wearing the most offensive
costume you maybe probably the most
offensive thing you could possibly do I
don't know how you could top
that his best offense would be to say
that's why I did it it was the most
monstrous thing and 35 years ago uh we
were all idiots
and we didn't realize how we didn't
realize how bad it was but time has gone
by I've become smarter and I certainly
you know wouldn't do that today I'm
embarrassed that I did it then but you
have to understand the context is that I
did it because it was so awful that was
the joke now
uh I see uh now tell me would that
defense have been better or worse than
what he did cuz what he did end his
career by taking responsibility for
it all right
secondly it doesn't really matter how
yeah so there's no somebody somebody
mentioned but he wouldn't be able to um
explain away his nickname actually he
could because if his nickname came
about because of uh if his nickname came
about because of the costume he wore
then that would be a nickname assigned
by other people based on the costume so
it would be an offensive racist uh
nickname but it wouldn't be one he gave
himself it would be it would be a
nickname other people assigned to him
based on his offensive uh costume all
right so I'll say again just for those
coming in late uh nobody can defend his
choice he was an adult and he did
possibly the most offensive thing you
could possibly do by today's standards
and it should have been standard then
but it wasn't meaning that people were
people were just worse people back 35
years ago pretty much all of
us um so now let's talk about the 48
hour rule and the 20-year rule these are
two things which um I've concocted to
try to make the world a better place and
let's see if it applies in this case so
the 48 hour rule says that if you
clarify something or apologize within 48
hours and it's a a believable
clarification and it looks like a
sincere apology whichever is whichever
is
appropriate that we accept it and that
we don't try to read people's minds it's
like oh you say you apologize but I
think in your mind you mean something
different and if somebody clarifies what
they meant you should not say yeah the
clarification makes perfect sense but I
think in your mind you were thinking
something else so it's a it's not a
world you want to live in where you
don't accept
apologies all right so let's see if that
applies to his case now in the case of
the the abortion
situation in the case of the abortion
situation um I thought the 48h hour rule
was was applicable meaning that he said
something that he totally mangled uh in
that video we all saw and even if you
see it in his full context it's still
mangled but to me anyway it was obvious
he did not mean killing live babies just
because you were upset about it which is
the way it was interpreted he did
clarify and I want to be very careful
that he he clarified it from killing
live babies just because you feel
bad
essentially he said we don't mean that
but it was a discussion about late term
abortion so you can still hate him you
know if you want to hate him for being
in favor of late term abortions for any
reason you know that's that's a separate
conversation but in terms of whether he
was clear he was not and then he
clarified and I think it would be
appropriate to say Okay I accept the
clarification as I
did you can still hate the policy but at
least we know understand what he was
trying to say and for those of you who
are who haven't caught up yet uh the
what he meant to say or meant his
reading's mind an accurate description
of the bill would have said that the
only case that you can talk about
aborting the baby in late term is when
the mother's life or uh or bodily injury
were at stake so if he'd said it that
way
you would still hate it because most of
you don't like late term abortions but
at least it would be accurate right so
uh and the misreported part the most
misreported part was the the mental
health of the mother and people said are
you kidding me if the baby is born alive
you're going to look at the baby's the
mother's mental health and say she would
she would have bad mental health if you
keep it alive are you kidding me that's
the most Draconian awful thing I've ever
heard and of course it wasn't
true nobody ever contemplated that the
mother's mental state could affect
whether the baby lived or died that's
not in the bill nobody ever compliment
contemplated that what the language that
made people think that was that um and I
finally saw the actual language
somebody's yelling it's true in all caps
now here's here's what you got fooled by
the people in all caps yelling it's true
it's true the mother's mental state now
that's fake
news the the real the real Bell if you
read it talks about um mental damage so
if there's a situation where um
completing the normal term and normal
birth could lead to the mother having
brain damage we're not talking about
being upset we're not talking about you
know some bipolar thing we're talking
about actual brain
damage uh was the was the consider
that was the consideration as to whether
an abortion was on the table or not so
if the doctor said if you carry this
this baby to term you could be dead the
mom or the mom could have permanent
brain damage then the bill would allow
the mother and the doctor together to
make a decision about basically who
lives or dies it' be a decision about
whether the mother is more protected
from danger or the the baby is more
protected so again again I'm not giving
you an opinion on it nobody nobody here
is comfortable with late term abortions
under any under any circumstances I'm
sure
uh so anyway he he clarified you can
still hate him for what he wanted to do
but don't hate him for the the things
you imagined you know that you most of
you got taken in by the fake news and by
the way I I checked the Fox News site
Fox News is now correctly reporting
um I'm not going to say it was incorrect
before but let's say there were a lot of
personalities on Fox News who had
slightly different takes on this story
at the moment what looks to be Fox News
official take is that um the the
governor was
unclear and that some conservative
commentators they don't name names but
you you probably know what them all and
they said some conservative commentators
interpreted it as being the worst case
scenario as I just described so even Fox
News has admitted that we don't know
exactly what he meant but he he didn't
say it clearly and then he created his
own
problem um so if you're hearing it from
Fox News and you're hearing it from CNN
that he spoke
unclearly that's a pretty good pretty
good indication that it was his Clarity
that was the problem
and then secondarily once he said it
clearly a lot of people still had a
problem with it and that's why he got
defeated all right now you've got that
going for you and um I would say in that
case the 48h hour rule for
clarifications Applied if he'd never
done anything else bad I would have said
you know you can hate him for his
policies but don't hate him for one
unclear
statement that would be kind of
harsh the 20-year rule is another rule
that I suggest which is that if somebody
did something bad and especially
somebody in public office so this would
apply to everybody but more so to people
in public office if there's something
they did more than 20 years ago you
should discount
it and depending on how big it was and
how far away it is you probably should
discount it to close to zero those of
you who um are famili familiar with
economics and and financial forecasting
you know there's something called a
discount rate when you're predicting the
future and you say uh what's a dollar
worth in today's money if I have to wait
10 years to get it if you have to wait
10 years to get a dollar it's worth 50
cents if you have to wait 20 years to
get a dollar it's worth about 25 cents
that not really but I'm using you know
gross uh generalities here
and and the point is uh that you should
not discount distant things the way you
would the way you would value current
things the problem is when we look at uh
northam's story about the blackface and
the KKK costume our brains bring that to
the present so at the same time you are
logically and rationally saying to
yourself oh that thing happened 35 years
ago your brain is seeing it now and and
the now makes much somebody's still back
on brain damage uh
and
so the I'm watching your comments so
people starting to flip out this is such
a triggering triggering uh topic um but
wait till I get to my final conclusion
here before you decide you hate
it uh so we're processing it like it's
new news because it's new to us so your
the level of offensiveness is a little
higher than you know it would be if if
you had known all along that it happened
35 years ago um the next next
consideration is how old was he and
25 is definitely too old to give him a
pass for being a kid all right so I
think we'd all agree
25 is not that's literally the age at
which you know science says your brain
is finally matured right even at 21 I
would feel different about it because
the difference between a 21y old and a
25y old is actually pretty big that
could be a pretty big difference now
here's the other
thing 100% of
us who are old enough to be in this age
range so let me just speak for the older
people and this will be true for younger
people as well any anybody in my age or
older used to be worse
people period used to be worse people
everything was different 35 years ago
the the things which were mildly
acceptable now are the and by mildly
acceptable I suppose you could just say
you know not many people complained
which is different than being
acceptable
um
and 35 years ago people were worse
people if the governor if the governor
is telling the truth and who knows what
the chances of that are but if the
governor is telling the truth then he
used to be a racist I mean using his own
word because he said he did something
racist so I guess that would be fair but
that he's not
now and here's the interesting question
here and I uh I've not gotten to the
conclusion here yet but here's the
interesting question if it's true that
he used to
be that guy you know more racist more
unaccepting more everything if he used
to be that guy but he's not now should
you condemn him or should you praise
him if somebody used to be bad and
they've worked their whole life to you
know kind of become a better person and
to be useful
do we discount that do do you want to
punish somebody for being a turd more
than 20 years ago
um I I don't think you want to live in
that world now remember we're we're in
the context of
um your comments are funny uh we're in
the context of we just saw uh bipartisan
legislation pass on prison reform now
the big thing that both sides agreed on
with prison reform is that enough is
enough in terms of paying for your crime
and that you can have a crime that's too
big all right you can have a crime I'm
sorry you can have a punishment that's
that's too big and too long for the for
what the crime was and part of the
prison reform thing was
to um to create let's say a a national
attitude if you will that bad people can
be redeemed or that people have done bad
things can be redeemed through good work
in the future so you did commit the
crime you paid you paid a lot of time in
jail and now you're going to work hard
and learn a skill so that you can get
out and and be useful so on prison
reform we have decided that what you did
20 years ago roughly
speaking it we're going to discount it
if you've been good since then in other
words if you've been a good prisoner and
you've learned earn a skill and you
haven't done anything in prison that
would suggest you're slipping
backwards Society is said it's a better
world it's a better world if we allow
people to
improve so if you take that standard
that both Democrats and Republicans
embraced that it's a better world if you
let people appr improve should they be
inclined to do
that uh you should just give them that
freedom the freedom to get better let's
say let's call it the freedom to become
a better
person and I think 20 years is generous
because if I looked at things which I've
said or done let's say 35 years ago I
sure as hell wouldn't support them you
know I sure as hell wouldn't say um that
I would like to be judged in my current
you know would you if you're 60 years
old would you want to be judged by your
25y
self I I would never want that standard
to be something that we accept as a good
standard
so um so let me give you my bottom
line are you ready for the bottom line
on the 48 hour rule I accept his
clarification I think he he was
misinterpreted but it was his own fault
because he said it so unclearly maybe he
didn't even read the bill you know he
looked like he wasn't informed about it
or something um but whatever the problem
was that was his problem he he corrected
it I accept it even if I don't like the
bill itself which is a separate
question on the the picture of him in
either blackface or the
KKK uh the 20-year rule
normally I would I would say let's get
over
it normally I would say 20 years 35
years uh I would I would give him the
same Grace that I gave Hillary Clinton
the same Grace that I gave president
Trump which is if something happened
back then let's let's move on because
that's not who they are right now
but but there's kind of a special case
in this case and uh I've only seen this
on social media so maybe some of you can
confirm it is it true that noram has
accused there there we go we see it in
the comments is it true that he has
accused his uh opponents of being
racist now I believe that's true right
he's a Democrat so he probably has has
he accused president Trump of being a
racist but he
has and if he
has he has not apologized for it he has
not clarified it and it was not 20 years
ago so because he has doubled down on
his his own past meaning if he acted
like a racist in his own words you know
it's not even my interpretation his own
words he acted like a
racist and he's calling other people
racist
today
uh I'm just going to yeah I'm just going
to say that uh that guy's got to
go there I wouldn't yeah I think he even
brought up the Charlottesville
hoax uh by the way some of you don't
know that charlotsville was a hoax
because it's still reported on CNN like
it really happened and really happened
what I mean by that I'm not talking
about the violence of course that really
happened and there were actual Neo-Nazi
white supremacists that all really
happened the part that's the fake news
is that when the president said there
were both there were fine people on both
sides of the state statue question the
Confederate statute question uh CNN and
all of his enemies said hey the
president just said uh that white
supremacists are fine people which of
course is not what he said and then you
know in short time later he he clarified
it to say of course he didn't mean that
no nobody's saying good things about the
white supremacist
so so if it's true and I believe it is
that Northam has been a race
baiter and the and the race baiting he's
done was based on
lies then I say he cannot be forgiven so
I passed judgment on Governor Northam
and I think you've watched me for a
while right you you've been watching me
for a while you know that I'm going to
give I'm going to give a pass to anybody
who is sincerely improved and become a
better person but if he's used racial
politics and apparently he has he's not
a better person he is not a better
person and he does not get he does not
get my uh he he is not blessed by
me so uh I assume he's toast and I I
assume that the longer he stays in
office the better it is for Republicans
because if if if the Democrats can't
police their own side uh to that
level uh they've got a lot to answer for
now I would like to make a distinction
that you might not like yeah it's is
raining like crazy right now that's what
you
hear um I see in the news that people
often
conflate racism with being
offensive and I think it would be useful
to distinguish between the
two because if you take the the norn uh
photos it doesn't matter which one he
was the blackface character or the KKK
costume whichever one he
was we would all agree it's
offensive right there there's no
question about that that if you say
something's offensive that's usually an
observation so you can just observe hey
Bob are you offended by this and Bob
says yes I am that's it you just
observed that it's offensive So when you
say that those pictures are are
offensive that's just a fact people are
offended but if you call it racist
you're making an assumption about the
inner thoughts of the people
involved which is not an Evidence you
can make the
assumption but it would it would only be
that it would be your assumption so if
you look at those pictures it is very
clear that the people who you know were
in the black face and the KKK costume un
unless the guy in the KKK costume was a
black guy by the way somebody suggested
that the the funniest ending to this
whole thing would be to find out that
the guy in the KKK costume was actually
a black
classmate now if that ever came out it
would be the funniest twist to this of
all times because then we'd say oh okay
that's okay cuz then you know they're
both in on it and that's why the two of
them were pictured because they came as
a as a pair of offensive you know anac
context things I don't think that's the
case but it would be an interesting
twist to it anyway my point is that
there's no question that what he did was
offensive but if you take it to the next
level and say that it was
racist um that's more of an inner
thought situation which is not an
Evidence because it's entirely possible
that he was a 25-year-old in a place
where um he didn't think that he would
run into anybody who would be offended
he would be WR probably but maybe he
thought he wasn't even going to offend
anybody uh and they would just take it
as the joke that he meant it today and
he may not have had a a racial overt
thought now you could argue that not
knowing how offensive that is is racist
by itself but that's that's kind of the
you got to stretch it a little bit so
here's my
point
uh whe whether it's this situation or
others we should always make that
distinction between things which are
offensive which is objectively true when
you see that somebody is actually
offended versus racism which talks about
their inner thoughts which often are not
in not in evidence so I think that's we
should always have that caution to say
offensive and racist don't always have
to be together th those could be
separate things and you nobody in the
world is d
is dumb enough to say that in public
except
me all right
um
yeah you you never get away with parsing
this
stuff yeah we talked about the nickname
and as I said earlier in all likel in
all likelihood the nickname was assigned
to him in other words it's very unlikely
that he came up with with that nickname
for himself uh I had a nickname in
college for 4 years that wasn't my
nickname it was somebody else assigned a
nickname to me and that was my name for
four
years yeah no
M if you say a man in all caps and
yell at me it it's not really helping
the process here so for those of you
would like to yell that nickname at me
in all
caps because why
why since we've already talked about it
why are you yelling at me like it's
proving a new point it does not tell you
his internal thought process it tells
you what other people assign to him
that's what nicknames are people don't
make up their own nicknames in college
that ends up you know more often than
not it's a sign to you it's not
something that you come up
with so I'm going to block this person
who said that I'm defending racis
um so if you came in late everybody who
says inaccurately that I'm defending him
or defending racist uh they you all get
blocked and it's only because you're not
listening because I'm so clearly telling
you that's not what's happening here uh
right um yeah now the other funny part
of the story is that CNN ran a Chiron
the little message that goes across the
bottom of the screen in which they they
labeled as the governor was
apologizing they labeled him a
republican
now
um now many of you are asking okay did
CNN do that
intentionally did they intentionally
mislabel him as a republican because he
was being blamed of racism and it would
be a funny thing um
so here's my speculation on
that the odds that they did that
intentionally meaning that somebody made
a conscious decision say oh let's let's
label this guy a republican uh and and
by the time we apologize for it nobody
nobody will notice the
correction uh many of you are saying yes
I will tell you based on my many years
in the media that the answer is all most
certainly
no I if you made me bet on it I'd give
you uh
probably 10:1 100 to1 odds against it
being intentional yeah the odds that CNN
would do that intentionally are
basically zero here's why
because the odds of being caught are
100% if you see somebody doing something
wrong in which the odds of being caught
at that thing they would have known
before they did it they would have known
the odds of being caught are
100% you don't do
that
right no nobody's going to make that
mistake and not you know nobody's going
to do that intentionally and act like
they think they're not going to get
caught so let us compare two
possibilities yeah number one is that
the whoever did the Chiron had a bias
that if somebody's apologizing for
racism they're probably a
republican so the by and large by a far
away you know not even close the odds
are that that was actually a mistake
based on some internal bias about who
are who are the racists and who are not
uh compare that to somebody
intentionally put that there and thought
that that that that would be good for
CNN or good for the world or something
how they wouldn't get fired for it and
none of that makes sense right no nobody
would consciously make that decision it
would be a Bad Bet now remember I'm the
guy who tells
you I'm the guy who tells you uh that
whenever there's a situation where
there's a big upside
benefit and it's illegal or immoral and
you can't get caught that that's going
to happen every
time so wherever you see a situation
where somebody thought they wouldn't get
caught and there was a big upside
potential you you always bet that people
are going to do bad things then but in a
case where there's very small
upside it's not like a you know nobody's
going to get rich over this it's a very
small crime with a small benefit even if
you imagine they did it intentionally
the benefit is so small but the
risk is enormous embarrassment and that
is not risk it's guaranteed the enormous
embarrassment is just guaranteed there
was no way it wasn't going to happen so
in that situation you can reliably say
it was an
accident um I know you don't like to
come here and see me defend CNN but you
have to I think you have to be a little
bit reasonable about what you assume
people will do in these situations and
it would not be reasonable that they did
that int did that
intentionally uh it was s successful did
they correct uh yes so I just this
morning I watched a
uh I watched the video of it and at the
end of the video they run a big full
page correction that says that the Kiron
was wrong on that so they do have the
correction now I know what you're going
to say you're going to say but nobody
sees the correction they only see the
original thing
hey you'd be right about that uh but
although but maybe in this in this
particular case there's probably going
to be more attention to the
correction just because of the the
weirdness of the
situation all
right
uh they are not
embarrassed well I can't
imagine you know again we can't read
their minds but how how would anybody
not be embarrassed by
that do I have a place in Hawaii I do
not but I am in the same place I've been
before but if someone heard the story
only once uh that is
correct it's not a defense of the bias
yeah the bias of course I'm not
defending I'm just saying that's the
more rational
explanation all right now at the same
time
so let's put this in political context
so if you're a president Trump this
whole Northam story is the best thing
that you could have ever been given like
it's it's Christmas every day that we're
talking about this so that's
amazing um for the president secondly I
guess Chuck
Schumer's one of his higher-end staffers
just got a
Meed so you
got Schumer staffer we've got
mude you've got this Northam thing
that's got both racism and late term
abortion in it which is just you know
politically powerful stuff and uh and
then you've got the Russia situation we
we're pulling out of some missile treaty
now think about all the things that
people say about Trump and look how
perfectly all this fits into his his his
view of the world you've got see Court
in what looks like fake news with that
Republican Democrat thing on the Chiron
you you've got
abortion uh painted in its worst
possible you know look you've got
Democrats being uh not only looking
racist themselves talking about Northam
uh but then a lot of people are going to
be in the going to be in the uh position
of defending them I
suppose uh and then you've got the thing
where we've canel this deal with Russia
and we're acting tough on Russia and and
the uh the Don Jr situation where there
was this mysterious phone call that they
thought was to the president has now
been shown not to be about anything
about the president so pretty
much everything's going right for the
president this week mostly by accident
yes I am at the Montage good guess
and so I don't I don't think the
president's had a better week oh and
then Venezuela right so as we're
watching Venezuela collapse uh
socialism socialism is being branded in
his worst possible look we yeah we're
seeing we're also seeing massive layoffs
at The Huffington Post uh BuzzFeed and I
think Vice too so I don't think has the
president ever had a better week can
anybody think of a better week that the
president has ever had uh now let's talk
about Cory Booker so Corey Booker has
announced as everybody
expected
um and here's my my take on Cory
Booker he's he doesn't
have I don't know what it is there's
something unsettling about him and it
could be his eyes like his eyes are too
wide or something uh you know he looks
like he's surprised all the
time and one of the things I've been
looking for is if you see people trying
to convince you on television of things
they don't believe
themselves look at how their eyes go a
person who's trying to persuade you of
something they themselves don't
believe uh they have those eyes so these
are the eyes where some where somebody
will let's say I was trying to convince
you that
um of of what trying to think something
that's so outrageous that it's not true
but that's hard in this world say I was
trying to convince you we should uh cut
taxes on bald people and i' I'd be like
yeah we should definitely cut taxes on
bald people and and look for this in the
future look for when somebody's trying
to convince you of something that's
pretty out there look how their eyes go
they they go they get big I haven't
decided if that's if there's anything
scientific to that so this is just
anecdotal but I've been noticing this
for years um and could be a coincidence
but but look for
that I don't think Cory Booker has the
weight he doesn't there's something
about him and I can't put my finger on
it that's lacking a level of I don't
know gravity or gravitas or
uh seriousness or something I can't
really put my eyes on it can't put my
eyes on it can't put my finger on it but
I don't think he's got a chance now um
as the president
said
um now I want to ask you a question for
those whove been watching my periscopes
for a while did
anybody um confidently predict that
Kamal Harris would be the the Democrat
Choice before I did
have you seen anybody who who has been
saying because I'll tell you I I think
I've been saying it since
spring so maybe eight months or so uh
I've been saying that she would be the
the Democratic Choice do you have you
seen anybody
else at least in the pundit class who
called her that
early I'm just
wondering well yeah some citizens did
um but have you seen anybody in the
professional class who called her
early cuz I'm sure there have been I
just don't know
um I will tell you I probably shouldn't
tell you this I'm going to tell you
something I'm not supposed to tell you
are you ready so for those of you who
waited till the end of the Periscope you
you get the thing that I'm not supposed
to
say um you know that I met with
President Trump in August
and we chatted about a number of things
and of course I can't tell you what the
subject of the conversations were
nothing important you know it wasn't
wasn't anything that would change your
opinion about anything but um I will
tell you that um I made a
prediction to him personally and I told
him that Kamala Harris would be the
person to worry about and that she had
the best chance of being the
nominee
so um
that's how early I was calling it Bill
Mah or somebody said um if you have a
date for when Bill Mah called it that
would be
cool um somebody saying that she'll Peak
too soon yeah
maybe when did so I'd like to see a uh
like to see some dates as to when um
Bill Maher called it and so we can
compare all right um Hugh ht's been
saying it for a year yeah if anybody has
any dates on those I'd like to compare
it but I think it's going to be another
situation where I was I was in early
okay uh that's all I have to say and I'm
going to go do something else and I will
talk to you later