pop pop boom ba-ba-boom hello Savannah
hello unikz Rabb and all you people
coming in virus Joe Tyler come on in I'm
a little bit late this morning which
means you probably already have your
coffee with you no you didn't miss it
yet you're just in time just in time for
this simultaneous sip oh that's good
that's good stuff
all right I hope you were fast enough so
if somebody asked me if I'm playing
drums so I am taking drum lessons by a
video and it's it really works I'm not
sure it'll work for every part of
learning the drums before getting
started and getting the basics and
having enough to practice and stuff
totally works
so video learning at least in that
concept context worked pretty well all
right I'm gonna play a video from
Jeffrey Toobin as CNN he's talking about
president Trump's quotes about President
Trump said something about if he were I
think if he were impeached there could
be violence and listen to Jeffrey Toobin
we'll see if see if you can hear this
well talking about
that's the theme here is I'm done
Donald Trump and I'll protect you from
the scary black people and Tifa is
widely perceived as an african-american
organization and this is just part of
the same story of LeBron James and Don
Lemon and Maxine Waters
and the NFL players and the UCLA
basketball players this is about black
versus white this all right no I don't
know could any of you hear that I might
have to find a better clip of it let me
do that so Jeffrey Toobin was saying
that when the president criticizes
anti-shah he's really criticizing black
people because everybody knows an tyfa
is a black organization what did did any
of you think anti-fur was a black
organization I thought it was a white
organization how many times have we seen
video of an tyfa like a billion times
and they've it looks like it's 95
percent white now to report that on CNN
like it's a fact now he's not a reporter
he is a legal pundit but somebody needs
to correct that don't they or am I wrong
am I wrong and and then he takes that
and he lumps it with criticisms of
LeBron James and football kneelers to
say that it's a black versus white thing
when I watched Toobin do this and I know
that he's talking to people who may be
less you know less informed they're
gonna believe this stuff right is is
jeffrey toobin
losing it I mean just losing his mind
because it it looks like that but I'm
not going to make that assumption just
in terms of how
looks it looks like he's losing his mind
but I'm not diagnosing him medically it
feels to me like we've reached another
level of Trump derangement syndrome
where they're they're flailing just
flailing around to try to find something
that they can hurt the president with
and it's been a bad week for CNN because
they are widely being accused of
peddling fake news that they don't want
to recant for some reason news that
other other outlets have already and
recanted so they're having a tough tough
month and the president's having a good
good week and it's starting to look like
just everything that CNN has been
telling the public for three years at
least about the president and about
politics might just be all just they're
angry opinions so I feel like as the
president becomes more successful which
is also similar to being in less legal
trouble
so as Muller continues to come up with
nothing but Hillary Clinton is looking
worse and worse because now China has
her emails what does what does CNN do
because they have so clearly taken a
side and they can't really abandon their
side people don't really do that so if
they don't abandon their side what do
they do they dig in and they get a
little bit crazier so but when I look at
this the the Jeffrey Toobin thing
worries accusing the president of
essentially being not essentially but
being a racist for calling an Tifa or
being against anti foie which is
literally trying to destroy the country
and by the way is that too strong a
statement is it too strong a statement
to say they
if i was trying to destroy the country i
I don't know that I feel like that's not
hyperbole right that isn't that actually
their stated objective to get rid of
borders you know to to have anarchy and
get rid of borders that is destroying
the country so you've got jeffrey toobin
taking the side of people who are
expressly trying to destroy the country
and also calling them the wrong
ethnicity so that he can blame the
president for being a racist and and
throw in some other examples here's what
here's what Jeffrey Toobin left out of
his examples because he said it's just
more of the same or he insults black
people like LeBron James and Don Lemon
and I'm thinking didn't President Trump
just call Tiger Woods smart if you're
looking for a pattern it looks like this
if you're black and you like the
president you're smart
according to the president if you're
black and you criticize the president
you're dumb I'm pretty sure that's the
pattern here don't you
I mean isn't the pattern that he's good
to people who like him and he's he goes
hard at his critics Jeffrey Toobin how
could you miss this pattern if a bunch
of let's say white hockey players
started kneeling for the national anthem
and maybe they are I don't know if they
are do you think the president would say
hey you hockey me oh wait sorry I didn't
realize you're all white
since you're white go ahead and
disrespect the flag that I've spent my
life respecting and I represent for the
country as president of the United
States
oh uh hockey players go ahead knock
yourself out I didn't realize you were
white do somebody think that the
president is saying that
let's test it let's I'd like to see a
hockey team kneel and then let's see
what the president says how about this
how about having a famous white athlete
criticize the publican and criticize the
president in public just as sort of a
test I don't know who we could get can
anybody suggest somebody a famous white
athlete to criticize the president just
as a test yeah
and the test would be does the president
say well you oh sorry I didn't realize
you were white free pass you can
criticize me all you want I don't think
that would happen do you how could you
be so dumb Jeffrey Toobin that you can't
see the pattern that if you like the
president he likes you back if you don't
like the president and you say so
he gives it back to you you might even
get a nickname how do you how could you
not see that pattern it's it's
mind-boggling all right Steve Kerr Steve
Kerr is somebody who has criticized the
president I don't know if he's I don't
know if he's risen to the level of being
noticed I don't know if anybody's asked
the president about Steve Kerr I I will
tell you that it makes me want to watch
the Golden State Warriors less because
of that I got to admit you know when
when basketball crosses over into
politics it makes basketball a lot less
interesting Kathy Griffin what did he
say about Kathy Griffin by the way did
you see Kathy Griffin's response to Milo
gianopolous she tweeted a picture of her
mansion
anyway you had to see it in context but
it was very funny yeah I watched Sununu
and Cammarata on CNN that's a that was
that was good TV that was interesting to
watch it's my friend's first time he
wants to see Dale well Dale only comes
out when Dale is required oh yeah
Popovich but you know Steve Kerr and
Popovich have the same thing going on
which is their team leaders and they're
they're sort of backing their team now
it's not sort of they are backing their
team so that's a little less of a clear
example De Niro punchy De Niro
yeah punchy De Niro
how about McCain himself there was
somebody that the president didn't treat
so well imagine if if McCain had been
African American imagine if the
President had given as tepid a a
response to the death of a hero who was
an african-american as he did with
McCain what would people be saying
they'd be saying well it's obviously
because he's black even though we're
watching him do it to somebody who was
extremely white uh so anyway watching
CNN stir up racial problems is
disturbing there's not much else going
on except I think the GDP got revised up
to 4.2 the the Chinese hack of Hillary's
email makes the president look good even
though nobody nobody wishes that China
had those emails but you have to ask
yourself would Hillary Clinton be
beholden to China if they had Oliver
emails or would they have any advantage
over her I don't know I'm not sure that
they would it could be as just you know
stuff like yoga in her entry mail so you
never know
you know the Lanny Davis thing you know
I I haven't gone hard at Lanny Davis in
terms of criticizing because he's an
advocate you know Lanny Davis is not
pretending to be even so when someone
who is being paid to be a proponent and
they're not being paid to be even-handed
and they come on TV and they act like a
proponent I'm not the guy I'm not the
one who's gonna say hey your facts are
all wrong or you're being you're being
absurd because that's sort of what he is
being ruhani is being is that true sorry
I have to check that to see if there's
something about
rou-ha-nee I don't see anything like
that ooh
Iran's Parliament gives president a rare
rebuke this is about Iran Iran's
Parliament summoned rouhani to answer
questions on Tuesday about the country's
economic crisis and then voted to reject
his explanation in a remarkable rebuke
of a sitting leader rouhani blamed the
United States
Wow they were not convinced by four of
his answers but that doesn't make sense
rouhani is the moderate and he's blaming
the United States and his own government
the Parliament rejected him blaming the
United States there's something I need
to understand about this that I don't
because people are on the wrong sides of
this I'll have to look into that yeah he
called Mika Brzezinski dumb as a rock so
the president has certainly insulted
some white people thoughts on trade
deals affecting North Korea well we have
to wait for the dominoes to fall
apparently Canada is getting serious
about negotiating now now that Mexico
may have made a deal and by the way it
only took 24 hours for me to see the
first story of all the people who say
the Mexico deal is actually bad for the
United States so you've seen those the
experts saying sure you have a deal with
Mexico but it's a bad deal you knew that
was coming
it doesn't matter if it's a good deal or
a bad deal you knew somebody was going
to say it's a bad deal yeah so things
are so there's some Facebook
conservatives some conservative
employees that work at Facebook who are
pushing back about their internal
process so you're seeing this everywhere
now you're seeing information about the
Google searches when the president
decides to make something news he really
makes something news and it does look
like the major tech companies are gonna
have to make a change some changes now
there's a big there's a big question
that I have about all of these social
media companies which is I don't know
the argument and for why users can't see
the things they want to see when they
explicit
you want to follow somebody when they
explicitly want to see their content I
don't understand why you just can't let
them see it now if so there's something
very fundamental about what's going on
that I don't understand is there any
explanation except censorship corporate
censorship in this case not government
censorship is there any explanation why
they won't let you see what you want to
see from the people you want to see it
from and I understand that some of it
would be fake and I would be totally
okay with better labeling so I'm going
to save my idea again and let's see if
you like it let's just use Twitter as
the model and I'm just going to put this
forward as the the ignorant suggestion
ignorant on my part because I don't know
why this doesn't work why can't you let
people see anything they want
but maybe color code stuff that comes in
the feed so that if something comes in
and it's a certain color you you can
know that it came from a source then at
least Twitter's checkers don't think is
credible now you might look at it and
say ah I don't agree with them and maybe
you could uncheck it and say I do
believe in it or you could say hit the
filter and turn off all the ones that
are coming in and the shaded color
because that color is the stuff that's
low credibility or you could turn it
back on just to see which things you
would have been missing so 7% of men are
colorblind well there's a way to do it
surely there's a way to do it with or
without color so I haven't heard the
explanation of why that wouldn't be a
good idea because people would still be
informed that their content is sketchy
but then they could see it it seems to
me check me on this right let's do a
little fact-checking
or a logic checking in this case what
would reduce fake news
faster not seeing it somewhere if you
could see it in other places but you
don't see it on to your Twitter feed
let's say or seeing it and seeing it
labeled as fake news and then maybe you
could even click on it and find out who
labelled it and why which would which
would give you a better sense of what's
going on I'd rather see the stuff that
is fake labeled fake so I can see what
it is and then say oh it's labeled fake
I wonder why I click ok this group that
you know has X credibility it says it's
fake and here's the reasons why or if
they say it's you know they say it's
violating the rules or here's the reason
why Scott you're acting like a commie
[Music]
they lie fake colors will be doled out
but it seems like you could even have a
process for that so let's say there was
something that had a lot of fake that
got labeled as fake news but you didn't
think it was well first of all what
would you know I mean how would you know
if it was fake news but you could at
least maybe you know click on it to say
ok I don't like this rating or I
disagree with the rating and then people
could look at the ones that are marked
but people disagree with so it seems
like you could just see whatever you
wanted to see and as long as there was
truth and labeling or some attempt at
truth and labeling you probably be
better off ah you assume their
intentions are good I don't somebody
says I don't think people's intentions
are good but I think that you know if
you're talking about every engineer
who's working on the algorithm you know
I'm not talking about the leaders of the
companies who have slightly different
motivation than the people who are
working there so I don't assume anything
pure about the motives of human beings
but I think that transparency generally
gets you a better result alright how
about movie one or movie two news you
know I was thinking about something that
myself
thinking about that myself there are two
versions of reality and each of them
believes that the others reality is fake
news so it's more funny than useful but
you could actually have a movie one in a
movie to filter so you just want to see
things that the people on the right
think are real or the people on the left
think are real go on Joe Rogan's podcast
I have been on Joe Rogan's show in the
past maybe maybe again someday
all right yeah facebook allows white
genocide groups at what point will it no
longer be acceptable to say bad things
about white people are are we close to
that because we're not there yet
do you know least Rand hens work I know
of it
if Trump says the sky is red his
reporters his supporters would say yes
it is
you just described everybody and their
supporters do you know what if CNN tells
you something is real you're gonna
believe that too even if it isn't so it
is not something unique people on the
left like to think that they like to
think there's something unique about the
people on the right that they're more
likely to believe something that's
ridiculous I'm here to tell you that
believing things that are ridiculous is
a quality of being a human it doesn't
have to do with your politics you know
so if there's one way to know if
somebody is wrong sometimes you can't
tell you can't tell if somebody's right
or wrong but if somebody says everything
on my side is right and everything on
your side is an illusion well you could
be pretty sure that's wrong because the
the illusions are certainly diversified
some somebody just left a message that
says I'm back well thank you I'm sorry
you ever left any new foods in your diet
no really there's a bombshell breaking
is that true let's see what CNN is up to
we'll do this in real time I don't see
the bombshells happening nope doesn't
look anything like anything is happening
it feels like the entire it feels like
the entire page of CNN is stuff that
isn't real news stuff they're trying to
turn into news if you didn't see this a
new new interview with Cammarata
is that am i pronouncing your last name
right on CNN you have to see that
because she's trying to create news by
getting him to say something about the
controversy of Trump versus McCain and
he's just saying I'm just not here to
say good things about McCain and honor
his service and Allison via and it got
really tense because she really wanted
to create some news and sumit Sinuhe no
wasn't he just wasn't the right person
for that because first of all he's not
Trump and he's not McCain so here's
opinion of what they think of each other
I don't know how that's news but you
could turn into the news just by having
getting him to say something provocative
yeah I'm sure they would she would have
wanted him to disagree with the
president because that creates a
headlight and he wasn't buying it by the
way I think so new news doesn't have the
highest IQ of anybody in government I
think I saw that a long time ago he has
a like an insanely high IQ and he's just
now falling into the trap it was
somewhat hilarious to watch
um as 180 sounds about right
he did insult CNN that part was awkward
you know even I wouldn't even I would
not insult CNN while I'm on CNN
yeah I'm a pretty big fan of
transparency but I wouldn't insult a
network that was nice enough to have me
on for an interview
your wife your wife read my book and you
were amazed I don't know what that says
about your wife but somebody's wife read
my book and and they're amazed she must
she must be a Clinton supporter what if
social media is regulated like a utility
I used to work for the phone company
which was regulated like a utility and I
got to tell you I was close enough to
the group that had to deal with the
public utility that you hear some
terrible things about regulators so the
people who become the regulators are not
the most capable people and they're not
always free of their own biases so you
don't want some kind of regulation that
looks exactly like the regulation of
public utilities but that said there
might be some kind of public oversight
you know the third third party opinion
feedback yeah it's called regulatory
capture exactly so over time the
regulators become captive of the
industry because the industry has lots
of money and they can they can flatter
them they can fly them in they can they
can do things for their projects so the
regulator's become corrupt over time or
that's the risk anyway
so the public might need to be you know
the the government might need to be
involved but we don't know what that
would look like it would actually work
all right
[Music]
am i blacklisted on C and then yet well
they haven't invited me on in a long
time but I don't know if that's because
I don't have a new book to talk about
yet or not all right
I haven't heard from Q in a while all
right let me ask you this do you think Q
is the same as it was do you think
something's changed with Q dropped like
crazy yesterday here is the same all
right we'll see what happens with Q all
right I'm going to take off I don't have
enough to say today I'm just wasting
your time and