do-do-do-do-do but pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody there's still some
space in here so come on in the the
Internet is not full yet plenty of
seating and happy Monday so let's talk
about a few things I had said by Twitter
that the stories that John Kerry was
doing private diplomacy with Iran I said
that that sounds sketchy to me meaning I
didn't believe the story now the reason
I said I didn't believe the story is
that it was unbelievable by its nature I
thought to myself no there's there's no
way you know John Kerry is actually
going around and trying to undermine the
undermine American security or at least
undermine the current administration and
I thought to myself we're gonna find out
later but that's not what you thought
right somebody is saying here the Scott
Alexander test and that's exactly what
it is
so the Scott Alexander test he's a he's
a blogger who once wrote this this great
concept which he didn't invent but he
described it really well where the idea
is yeah and slate to start codex's name
of his blog and the idea is that when
you hear a story that just doesn't sound
like it's possible because it's so so
outrageous usually and what I say
usually I'm thinking you know eighty
ninety percent of the time that's an
indication that it's just not true the
the reason that caught your attention is
because it was so fantastical that it
stood up above all the ordinary things
but when that happens there's something
like I don't know what the real the real
ratio is but most of the time it turns
out you
to have the story right you know or
somebody didn't have the story right but
each day that goes by I'm hearing the
more confirmation that he was doing
something like that but just for fun I'm
gonna stick with my prediction so here's
the prediction the prediction is that
whatever Kerry was doing is probably
less than what it was reported now the
news is definitely working against me
here so everything we've heard would
suggest that I'm wrong so we get to test
test the you know the dog the man bites
dog theory is the fact that it sounds
like it couldn't possibly be true is
that telling this it isn't let's find
out so I'm going to keep my keep my
prediction against all information that
we have all right all the information
that we have says I'm wrong and I'm
going to keep it anyway and let's see
let's see how predicting how predictive
the the rule is all right let's change
the top a little bit I was looking at
CNM headlines today and there seems to
be a theme that they're lighting on as
you know each time the president you
know beats some claim or gets past some
criticism his his his competitors his
competitors in the media specifically
come up with a new theme so it looks
like the theme they're gonna go after is
there they're coming up with the the
fact-checking he's the big liar theme
because here are the top headlines from
the top left of CNN's homepage so that's
the important real estate all right
homepage top left that's where the
important stuff is starts out with will
trump ever pay a price for his words
then it says it's clear that rather than
harming him the president's rejection of
facts enhances his political brand hmm
do you know anybody who ever told you
that that would be the case hmm it goes
on here's some more headlines tapper to
Kellyanne Kellyanne Conway I like Trump
to stop lying next
Conway denies Whitehouse credibility
crisis next analysis Trump lied more
than three thousand times in 466 days
next CNN anchor to GOP senator do
Trump's lies bother you now keep in mind
there was there was other news this
weekend how it Trump's false claims
about black support occurred opinion if
Trump wants to end the stormy Daniel
scandal he should follow her advice or
tell the truth so all of their major
headlines in the top left or about how
he's not passing the fact-checking and
everything's working really well
who is it who told you loudly and
clearly how long ago a couple years ago
two and a half years ago that the facts
don't matter
they just don't we want them to they
should matter we want other people to
hold to the facts we are so assure the
facts matter but CNN is just finding out
they don't persuasion matters now of
course when I say things like facts
don't matter than all the the detail
people are gonna say oh wait a minute
you can't tell me this specific
situation the facts don't matter no I'm
not telling you that I'm telling you
that the facts of course matter to our
ordinary you know ordinary existence but
but in this leadership sort of political
world if the facts are at least
directionally useful directionally
correct that's actually better than
sticking
the facts if your persuasion is on point
and your intentions are good facts can
get in your way they can slow you down
so it should not be a surprise to those
of you who have been following me for a
few a few years now that the president's
let's say his lack of caring about the
facts is not going to hurt you
right we have we haven't seen it affect
the economy Isis we have not seen it
affect trade we haven't seen it affect
let me tell you the one place where
where the facts not being right made a
difference well actually a little bit
let me let me put this to you name name
a topic let's say a political topic
where the facts being wrong made a big
difference there actually is one name
one situation let's see if you can get
it health care I don't think so
there might be an argument for health
care being the one but what is the
biggest problem in the country
nationally we're having the wrong facts
actually does make a difference I will
thank you Charlottesville yeah the the
Charlottesville hoax is you know the in
this case it's not the president's being
off fact it's the media so the media by
creating the the hoax that the president
was calling the actual racist the fine
people instead of simply saying that
there were good people on both sides of
the issue of whether a Confederate
statue should stay up or cover down all
right that was the the good fine people
on both issues questions the media
falsely applied it to the to the to the
racists and said ah he's calling these
these racist good people how could you
support this president so that is the
clearest example we're not
having the facts correct actually is
making a pretty big difference but look
who did that
it wasn't the president so remember the
intention matters the intention of the
media was to remove this president you
know I there was a time when I would
have not said that as unambiguously but
at this point you know can't we say I
think all adults can agree that the
media has quite literally been trying to
remove the president there was a time
that I think that sounded a little crazy
but I think we're past that right aren't
we at the past where the point where we
can just declare that to be too obvious
to really pretend like it's not true
anymore
now I don't know that they had meetings
you know I don't think that will someday
find the secrecy and then document were
they colluded with MSNBC to you know
have a have a conspiracy theory to
remove the president what it is
nonetheless true that they are staffed
with people who were pretty unhappy when
Clinton won pretty frightened when Trump
did win and probably legitimately
concern for themselves and the country
so unlike some of you I don't think that
the media is necessarily trying to
destroy the world I think that they're
advocating for what they think makes the
world better as well as them so if they
were worried about this president well
if they the caring about the country I
can't hate them for doing something
about it right if they thought they were
saving the country they were just wrong
you know it's it's hard to I can't be
morally outraged about somebody who was
trying to make the world a better place
they just had a wrong wrong idea about
it or even just a different idea about
it so that's our situation the facts
don't matter if the person who's
persuading it has the right intentions
if he's trying to make the country a
better place well that's probably okay
you look if he says my crowd size was
bigger well that gives him a little more
Klout with people it makes them a little
more you know feel bigger more popular
it helps his powers to simply exaggerate
his accomplishments it's good leadership
it consolidates his support so all the
little stuff doesn't matter in terms of
the accuracy as long as the intention is
good and the persuasion is in a
productive direction all right let's
talk about the president's tweet this
morning let me read it this is one of my
favorite tweets in a while so this is
President Trump he says this morning the
13 angry Democrats angry Democrats is
capitalized the 13 angry Democrats in
charge of the Rishon the Russian
witch-hunt are starting to find out
there is a court system in place that
actually protects people from injustice
and just wait till the courts get to see
your unrevealed conflicts of interest
just wait till the core sees your
unrevealed conflicts of interest now let
me tell you how great this is first of
all it's fun it's entertaining he's you
know he's doing as usual start the new
cycle off right give them something to
talk about that that is in his favor
it's provocative it makes you think of
that famous movie 12 Angry Men and your
question are there really 13 of them and
are they angry and and calling them
angry you're the 13 angry Democrats is
like insanely the fun and provocative
branding you know it's it's it's not
like a kill shot that is just gonna take
them out or anything like that but in
terms of framing them and Brandon them
it's really fun it's very memorable and
it's going to make it here's here's the
key it's going to make people trying to
count whether they're really 13 of them
so you're going to see media companies
like 13
how does he get to the 13 well there's
there's this woman this one proper way
of getting to 11
does anybody have two more angry
Democrats I I got 11 okay okay
I forgot that well 12 angry dem aget 13
tho 13 let's call around can anybody get
us to 13 so that is freaking great
technique and by the way that is a known
you know understand the under well
understood technique of persuasion is to
make people question the number it's
essentially getting them past the sale
the sale is are there a bunch of angry
Democrats right you've accepted that if
you're counting how many there are if
you're fact Jackie is 13 and you know
they will they're gonna fact-check is
number if they it's yeah number seven
will shock you so that's fun the second
part where he's using he's using the the
principle of vagueness all right so
there's some there is an advantage to
using intentional vagueness in some
forms of persuasion for example when
Hillary Clinton I think she had a
professional help you know that I think
this in the campaign when she started
calling everything that the Trump
campaign did dark oh it's a dark idea
his speech is dark the reason that works
so well is that dark is this vague
concept that captures lots of stuff you
don't know exactly what does that mean
to be dark are you talking about racism
what you're talking about war being you
know his past what is dark so you fill
in the blanks with your strongest self
persuasion so in other words you're
giving people an opportunity to fill in
the blanks in the way that persuades
them the most they remember the most
that's most compatible with their
thinking so when he says when he warns
us uses an exact sentence just wait till
the courts get to see the unrevealed
conflicts of interest
so he even puts it in terms of a mystery
which also activates your curiosity
you just wait just wait it's coming ah
ha ha ha just wait just wait now I don't
know if he has something good that he
knows is coming but we all think so and
that's the important part we're all
thinking yeah yeah how about these
conflicts of interests or something good
there
so what that's going to cause people to
do they have to report on it they sort
of have to report on the conflicts of
interest now here's the great part I've
you know you've all learned about
confirmation bias and you know that if
somebody successfully frames the
situation as here's the situation then
you start seeing all the the related
factors as confirming it even if they
don't right so you start seeing it that
way
even if you're imagining a little bit
too many connections so the moment he
says essentially he's telling us to
imagine all of the conflicts of interest
we're primed so now your brain is like a
new filter you're like conflicts of
interest conflicts of interest I noticed
a few before but there's another one
there's another conflict I didn't
realize there were so many conflicts of
interest so you were now tuned as is the
media he just tuned us he tuned us to
recognize conflict of interest and to
and to you know hiding it a little bit
in our calculations because even if we
looked at the conflicts of interest and
said to ourselves we've seen that we've
sort of seen that one I think I read
about that one before but before even
when you read about conflicts of
interest
I think our Rosen Stein's wife is
connected to I know
Muller and Cobie you know she was
somehow a somehow a
connected with them so is that sort of
thing and more then maybe you just went
under our radar before you know I saw
some articles because I'm always seeing
these articles that's like a conflict of
interest conflict of interest now
personally my brain filter had done set
to ignore conflicts of interest why it's
not that conflicts conflicts of interest
are unimportant it was simply because I
assumed then it's Washington and
everybody who achieved a certain level
and Washington they all seem to know
each other everybody is you know
everybody is X is married to the guy -
who was your mentor or who was hired you
once fired you they're all connected so
when I hear a story in this world
you know this whole Trump collusion
delusion stuff and I hear that some
lawyer is also donated to the DNC and
his brother-in-law's Podesta's third
cousin I just say yeah normal it's just
you know part of that part of the
background noise yeah they're all
connected they all know each other what
can you do you you wouldn't be able to
hire anybody right because they all know
everybody but now president Trump's
tweet has made me curious is there a
good one is there a is there a really
good conflict of interest out there that
I haven't heard yet I'm all I'm all
primed now I don't know if there is but
everything I look at now is gonna feel
like it's a little bit more conflict II
of interest if you know what I mean so
this tweet tuning our brains for the
conflict of interest took this ordinary
you know background noise of everybody's
conflicted because everybody knows too
many people to really do the job but
what are you gonna do they're the only
ones at Washington it just makes it look
more important than it then you thought
before so it's a really good persuasion
alright I expect to be on later again
today if all goes well with ace
guest someone who has been much
requested to be my special guest I don't
have the details of that but I'm
thinking later this afternoon and look
for that so I'm going to keep this short
today have a tremendous day and oh I
I'll keep this as surprise until later
and we will talk to you later