but I'm pumpin pumpin pimpin pum pum pum
pum pum pum hello Mike hello hello
people whose names are not actually in
your username Gino Deidre and mark how
are you doing Matt hey everybody
let's talk about coffee yes it's time
time for the simultaneous up I'm a
little bit later to give you time to
brew your fresh pot you're probably been
waiting and the moment is here when do
we get to a thousand users here it comes
the simultaneous sip everybody join me
for the simultaneous it oh yeah so I've
been watching with amusement the issue
of shadow banning on Twitter and I have
several ideas about this I haven't quite
gel them but in no particular order I've
told you before that people think they
have opinions people think that their
brain sort of independently you basil
the data and then comes up with an
opinion but nothing like that is
happening what's happening is that your
environment is largely assigning your
opinion to you now your brain could
reject it in some of the extreme cases
but generally speaking whichever form of
media you're attracted to the left of
the right that media is pretty much
assigning your opinion now that's true
if you're watching let's say if you're
only watching fox news or if you're only
watching MSNBC your opinion would be
assigned to that way but what happens if
you're looking at the social media which
is more of a Wild West and it's not a
silo
but rather it's anybody can publish any
anything well people have sort of siloed
themselves by who they choose to follow
or not but I noted that that there's
something different about social media
and it makes me wonder if we need some
kind of constitutional change to
recognize how important this is now
right now we have a constitution that
defines the various branches of
government so you've got your
constitution says what's this what's the
court look like what's the Congress look
like what's the executive branch look
like but it seems to me that that was
created before social media was a thing
and I'm wondering if the if the Bill of
you know after the Internet I'm sorry
I'm reading your comments and trying to
talk at the same time I'm wondering if
the Constitution is slightly out of date
imagine if you will the framers of the
Constitution Thomas Jefferson let's say
just to pick one imagine if the internet
was what it is now and they were coming
up with a constitution don't you think
they'd probably work something into that
Constitution about the rights of social
media users I think they would and no
laws on internet and somebody's saying
but here's what I'm wondering
suppose well let's frame the problem
first so Twitter has said we don't
shadow ban but then the users are seeing
things which clearly look to them like
shadow banning and then when pressed
Twitter says some version of no no it's
not shadow banning it's our algorithm
and we're trying to improve the improve
the health of the conversations I think
they say and in order to do that they
have some rules built into the algorithm
that
influence what you can see how often and
all that now the the net effect of that
is that you can follow people that you
want to see their content and it won't
show it to you or I won't show you to
show it to you with a priority and that
seems like not really what people were
signing up for but here's the thing if
you as a user don't know what the
algorithm is how can you really feel
confident that something this vitally
important to our to our existence is
being handled correctly so I would say
that we should at least consider an
independent board who does nothing but
make sure the algorithms are fair so
this board would be something that
doesn't necessarily doesn't even
necessarily have to be a government
entity it could be just some private
kind of entity it could be the Swiss
could be something but you need some
kind of independent entity that can look
at the social medias stuff and say okay
your algorithm is fair or not fair and
then report out why it's fair or why
it's not fair so you need some details
here um I don't know if you can trust a
company to do that for you and I don't
know that you could trust the government
to do that for you
so you probably need some kind of
trusted entity to do that and I don't
know exactly
somebody says the board would be
corrupted you could probably design one
that wouldn't be for example suppose
your board was changed down once a year
suppose everything the board did had to
be published so that there was no doubt
why they did what they did
so you could probably yeah somebody says
they picked the Southern Poverty Law
Center yeah if you pick if you pick a a
known organization that's a problem but
if you create something from scratch you
might be able to weight it you might be
able to find a way to do it
would they get bribed well that's why
you need to change them out once a year
so you you don't want anything like a
long tenure for that kind of a job
anyway I just put that out there now the
thing I've mentioned before that I'm
continually struck by is because I say
that social media and the news assign us
our opinions and I would say the Twitter
is sort of the top of the pyramid for
opinion and I say that because people in
the press are all on Twitter so if you
look at what kind of social media
influences the the national conversation
about politics I would say that's mostly
Twitter even though Facebook has a lot
of reach and ads and stuff that I think
the press is influenced by Twitter would
you say that's that's true because the
press is all on Twitter and that seems
to be more immediate and more more
political and stuff so it feels like our
political opinions are being determined
by an algorithm and the algorithm is
being adjusted by maybe how many people
what would be your guess of how many
people in the world know what's in the
Twitter algorithm like actually know
what variables are in it and what it's
designed to do how many people in the
whole world do you think actually
understand it certainly not management
because it would be a little bit more
technical more detailed than management
normally would be asked to understand
and it must be complicated because if it
were something simple they'd probably
just tell us yeah if the variables were
that easy they just like here's our
valgar them this is what we're doing but
it's probably complicated so I would say
maybe three people in the whole planet
know what's in the algorithm and here's
the interesting thing that algorithm
we'll determine how the individuals and
the press feel and then they will create
stories that make that make you know how
the rest of you feel so there are
probably three engineers and they're
probably engineers who are determining
the brain of the world because here's
use the chain of events
there's say three engineers probably
know each other I assume and they decide
what Twitter will present at least in
terms of how much of each message now
the the amount of each method message is
very influential so we know that the
more you see something more influential
this so those few engineers decide which
messages you see and that influence goes
to the media because the media are all
on Twitter people like me people who
follow the news people write about the
news pundits they're all following media
twitter and I'm pretty sure Twitter is
by far the most influential thing then
those that press goes and they write
stories and the producers create content
for all the various press platforms but
all of that traces back to three
engineers at Twitter probably now if you
believe that people have something like
free will then you say well that's not
much of a problem you know I you I don't
know look probably a lot of you are
saying some version of this it's like
well I can see what you're saying that
there's a little ripple effect from what
the engineers do that goes all the way
through but it's probably a small effect
I don't know it might be the only thing
that matters because it would look
exactly the same to us those of us who
have opinions we feel like they came
from ourselves our own heads because we
just lived in the world and then we had
an opinion and then we said well I guess
that was my opinion I feel the way I
feel just I'm just looking at the data
using my
I have an opinion but nothing like that
is actually happening your opinions are
assigned to you by some combination of
your you know genetic makeup that causes
your brain to be formed in a certain way
there's a little bit of that your
experience which further formed your
brain so it's a it's a certain tool at
any moment you know it changes over time
but as being programmed by the
environment and by the things that
you're exposing yourself to so I think
there may be three engineers who are
effectively running the world right now
because they can change what you care
about and what you see and that input
that in turn changes your opinion and
somebody says and how much I do my own
research I would call that an illusion
so whenever I hear somebody say
something like my opinion is not
assigned to me because I do my own
research and often you'll see that about
let's say climate change people will say
no I've looked into it I've done my own
research that is not a thing that is a
pure hallucination if you believe you've
done your research and that you've used
that research to form an opinion you are
completely mistaken now there could be
somebody in the world who is capable of
looking over at all the research on both
sides and really digging in and you know
there might be a few people in the world
who could do that but that would be
really expert level if you're just a
consumer and you're trying to figure out
anything complicated like trade
agreements or you know almost anything
when you look into it you have this
imagination that you're looking at all
the information but you're just you're
just following the little rabbit path
that's already been created for you by
people who've gone before so your
tendency would be to follow the path
that you think is the best one because
you're saying to yourself well of course
I'm gathering information
why wouldn't I look for the best
information
and ignore the bad information but right
there I just told you the problem if
it's your opinion which information is
good and which is bad you're not really
being influenced by the information
you're using the information to
reinforce your bias so most people who
say you know hey I know some people are
are sheep but not me not me for for
God's sakes I I do my own research those
people are perhaps the most hypnotized
because they have a firm hallucination
that their own research is useful now
there are no absolutes so there probably
are some people in the world who can do
that and maybe even come to better
conclusions because of it but when the
average person says that it doesn't mean
anything somebody says what about you
well remember my message is that I don't
know the answer on complicated things so
I'm trying to be consistent so if you
ask me do you understand
climate science I always say no I mean I
would have to rely on other people and I
don't trust those other people that's it
that's all I know
then there's some big things I know such
as humans are good at solving problems
if they see them coming we know there
are some technologies we'll probably
invented that'll make a difference
we know that waiting sometimes is better
than acting quickly so there's some big
concepts that we can say are true for
every situation just because you know
the way the world is organized but I
don't know I don't know the truth of
climate science or necessarily what we
should do and don't know the best answer
on trade tariffs but I can tell you that
if we negotiate hard we'll probably get
a better result than if we don't so
there are just some general things you
can say but beyond that if I did my own
research yeah let's say I I decided all
right I'm gonna figure out what's going
on with trade deals and the European
Union and and our deals with China I'm
gonna dig into that and get become an
expert
well I would convince myself I was an
expert after a while I would say to
myself I have now looked at enough
information I have common sense so
common sense somebody wrote in all caps
common sense is an illusion
common sense is an illusion if two
people disagree on any topic which one
of them has common sense well why don't
you ask them hey you two who disagree
completely which one of you has the
common sense what will be the answer
well I do well I do I've got plenty of
common sense common sense is an is a
rationalization after the fact it's
something you do after you've made your
decisions after you make your decision
for irrational reasons you say to
yourself well I made this decision
because of this fact this fact and all
of my common sense it's it's just common
knowledge and common sense but it's not
it's a rationalization after the fact
the exception to what I just said is
there are some topics they have no
emotional content in those cases you
probably do use your common sense in
other words just your ability to reason
and your ability to use facts so if
you're looking at you know so let's say
I want enough coffee so I don't run out
of coffee before I'm done doing a task
on my computer and I've got 2 size mugs
one is big one is small there's no
emotional content to this decision
alright that's a that's a decision where
my common sense totally works
I'd say huh I need more coffee then I
can put it in the small mug I'll use the
big one common sense tells me a bigger
one bigger mug will last longer ok if
there's no emotional content you
absolutely can use your common sense or
you would just say your sense of Reason
or something you don't need to say
common sense
but everything else politics love your
career these things are just riddled
with emotional variables they're the
overwhelm your sense of reason and facts
and that's why we are the way we are
I noticed Jake Tapper had a retweet and
a comment about Jonah
Goldberg's article he was talking about
the how people are ignoring truth and
facts and reality and just making their
own reality up and at this whole
collusion allegation and every time I
see a story like that
I say to myself are we just discovering
this how long have I been telling you
literally the you know the subtitle in
my book how long have I been telling
people that the facts are just not part
of the conversation never will be never
have been yeah and and by the way I
don't exempt myself from these
statements so when I say facts no matter
I don't mean oh you dumb people standing
over there you guys you know you guys
and women can't use facts I'm not saying
that I'm saying it people you know and
I'm part of the subset of people I'll
give an example when the news came out
that that the GDP was going to be 4.1
and people were celebrating and I was
celebrating too and I was under the
impression that Obama's economy never
reached 4.1 now I don't know why I
believe that I guess I I felt I heard it
maybe or maybe I only heard it on social
media maybe I heard it on the press but
they were you know maybe they weren't
really talking about the whole term and
it turns out it's just false it's just
there's not even close to being true all
right so Obama you know hit this level
the
presidents have hit this level at
different terms during their the other
thing so everything that I thought was a
pretty solid fact about this GDP which
by the way is a great number I'm not
diminishing the fact it's a great number
and things are going in the right
direction but I'm pretty well-informed I
mean you've been watching me for a while
and I'm not I'm not TV pundit informed
you know I'm not as informed as an
expert or anything like that but as a
casual observer of the news I had I
absorb news all day long and I'm looking
at both networks and I'm you know the
social media I'm getting it from lots of
different sources you would think that
on a simple question like that that
somebody's saying Obama never hit annual
GDP numbers this high but we haven't
either so we have also never achieved
you know annual numbers over four we hit
we hit it once for a quarter so when
people are even making the simplest
observations about fact I got fooled I
absolutely had the wrong facts and if
you had said to me hey Scott use your
common sense to make a decision about
which President did better with the
economy I would have had a problem there
because my common sense said well
everybody's saying this is the best it's
ever been
so I guess blah blah blah it would all
be based on fake news the fake news that
I've essentially created in my own head
now there are three concepts which I'm
gonna be writing about pretty soon I've
agreed to do a new book by the way and
the working title for the new book was
suggested by those of you here
shake the box but one of the things that
I write about is the illusion that the
illusion that history repeats here here
are some things
that sound the same as history repeats
and analogy it's like oh this reminds me
of this thing from history okay that's
bad thinking because history doesn't
repeat and also the slippery slope
whenever I hear the slippery slope but
just my spine goes goes you know I feel
like I hate hearing that term so much
because it's not thinking and I know I'm
not going to be able to convince anybody
that it's not thinking I'll try as I
have tried throughout my life but you
cannot convince people that slippery
slope is nothing it's not thinking in
any way now it is trigger that things
change over time but whether you call
that a slippery slope or progress it
just depends on your political opinion
right so if you said if you said hey you
know if you ban this kind of gun next
thing you know you're gonna be banning
other kinds of guns it's a slippery
slope
well it's only a slippery slope if you
don't like the concept of banning guns
if you do like the concept of banning
guns it's a little thing called progress
all right so if you think that labeling
something a slippery slope has added to
the conversation that's a complete
illusion because things change if you
like that change you say hey this is
more progress
I love progress and if you don't like
the change it's a slippery slope
now I also believe that everything moves
until there's a competing force in other
words politics is like physics in the
sense that a body in motion will keep
moving unless there's some competing
force like gravity or it runs into an
another object so any policy will head
in the same direction forever or until
it reaches an opposing force but there's
always an opposing force and when the
opposing force is big enough it stops
take an example of taxes if you raise
taxes on the rich
is it a slippery slope to taking all of
their money well it's a direction but
what will happen is at some point the
people whose taxes are rising will
organize and they'll they'll grab power
back and they'll fight until it stops
and maybe even reverses so the fact that
something is going in one direction
ignores the fact that the counter forces
are we're always organized to slow it
down and that's that's the world do you
want to live in you want to live in a
world where you want to live in a world
where you can have progress but there's
still a little gating factor this is
okay that's as fast as you need to go on
this and and maybe you've gone far
enough so adding the words a slippery
slope to an argument add absolutely
nothing because history does not repeat
things do not go forever and when they
go in the right way sometimes people
will call that progress because they
like that direction what about drug use
drug use is the same you know you've got
the special case I guess the the larger
point is that everything is a special
case okay so once you once you get the
big point that everything is its own
special case then you could say oh this
thing is likely to go for a while and
this other thing is likely not to go for
a while because of their special case in
the case of drugs if somebody is not
being watched and they're addicted to
drugs it is a slippery slope in the
sense that they will keep doing drugs
until they run out of money or die or
hit bottom or something like that or go
right so there is definitely a limit to
how far it can go
and that's true of just about everything
the opioid epidemic yes so the opioid
epidemic was a slippery slope but until
they became big enough that the public
responded and the public does not yet
have an effective response but I'm
confident that it will chip away at it
until it gets something look at the
children in cages problem under Obama
there were some children in cages a
smaller number than there were under
Trump because just the number of people
coming increased so that was a problem
that was a slippery slope there were a
few kids in cages and then there were a
lot of kids in cages and what happened
as soon as it became a lot of kids in
cages the press got more interested
suddenly and then there was some
pushback so things can go in one
direction for a while but the slippery
slope doesn't add anything to the
conversation
no one wants kids in cages so I had a
conversation with a a let's say an
entertainment person who was very much
in the liberal camp who when questioned
this person questioned me about my
thoughts about the Trump and he said
well what about kids and cages and I
looked at him for a minute and I thought
to myself does he believe that
somebody's in favor of that because the
the context of the question is that
there might be somebody who thinks
that's okay nobody likes the kids
engages it just took a while to fix it
and I think that the the press and the
attention had put on it was good you
know I the times I'm happiest is when
the system is working because you need
the system to work in the system worked
there was a small problem that became a
big problem when it became a bigger
problem
system took notice the social media did
its thing it influences the government
the government put more emphasis on it
probably some more money a little more
energy on it got closer to a solution
you know still still lots to go it's
never you never done with this but I
would say that was a pretty good system
you know that's to me it's encouraging
when there's a problem and then the
system works its way and solves it that
looked pretty good to me
even though nobody likes children
engages what about this idiotic plastic
straw band why do you think it's an
idiotic the reason that you think the
plastic straw band is idiotic is because
the press has assigned that opinion to
you there's nothing about common sense
involved in this straw situation the
straw situation is complete political
bias that has been fed back to you
through your side of the press to say
it's going too far it's a slippery slope
if they ban the straws they're gonna ban
our clothes we'll be walking around
naked next because with no plastic
straws one thing will lead to the next
here's another way to look at it I don't
know anything about this plastic straw
situation I don't know how many tons of
plastic straw finds their way into the
ocean or kill birds or whatever the hell
they're doing I don't know no idea I
don't know if it used to be a small
small problem that's become a big
problem I don't know if it's the tip of
the spear and they want to get rid of
all the plastic pretty soon I don't know
if these new technologies that are
cleaning the plastic end of the ocean
and there's some good ones apparently
that are just coming on board I don't
know if they'll work so I don't know
anything about this plastic straw
situation but I'll tell you this if it's
true that plastic straws are an
environmental problem and they probably
are I mean it seems reasonable to think
that there might
some problem there is it the biggest
problem in the world that our
technologists have to figure out a
better straw that feels like a small
problem to me it doesn't feel like a
slippery slope it just feels like one
more thing that somebody has surfaced as
a problem it's probably bigger than we
thought it was I don't know
but probably and there's probably a
perfectly good workaround that we'll get
to over time so the if you think it's
just political and it's too much of a
reach I would say we don't really know
that none of you have studied the straw
the plastic straw problem all you saw
was something on fox news or wherever
you're watching TV and you said plastic
straws they've gone too far now the the
reason that the plastic straw thing has
any any attention at all is that a
plastic straw is by its nature a trivial
thing it's not an automobile it's not a
person that's not a war it's just a
plastic straw but that doesn't mean that
when you sum them up it has no impact on
the economy on the economy all right
nope not doing this draw a thing you
know I think this plastic straw thing
will probably become like so many other
things in this domain there are things
that we do now that just seem normal
that there was a time when it seemed
crazy for example I was changing out
some light bulbs and I'm reminded that
California used to have you know
incandescent light bulbs but they
changed the law and now we have LEDs and
more efficient light bulbs and I
remember when that that law first came
out and I and I thought light bulbs get
I just have my light bulb why I want the
I love the color that this old light
bulb creates and you know my first my
first impression
was I'm opposed to this change why can't
they leave me in my light bulbs alone
but now I have other light bulbs they're
more energy-efficient and the long-run
and will save me time they're less hot
so they don't heat up the house that I'm
there then trying to Eric condition now
I just go to the store to buy a light
bulb and it's just different light bulbs
that's all it's just different light
bulbs so we we tend to get worked up
over light bulbs and straws and plastic
bags and stuff but I think society
largely is crawling in the right
direction with that stuff if we can
figure out ways to chip away at what
what would have been wasteful and find a
better way to do it well take a little
bit of fractured friction to get there
no big deal now people are saying that
the new bulbs are worse than the bad
ones well if that's true I think science
will figure that out and we'll readjust
[Music]
metal straws make things taste better do
they what do they make it tastes worse I
don't like the taste of metal
have you ever noticed if you use a metal
a fork that your food tastes better or
worse any I don't like the taste of a
fork here's a little trick for you if
you're if you're eating little little
finger food like say olives or just
anything that's small if you can eat it
with a wooden toothpick it actually
tastes better les Moonves let's talk
about les Moonves at a CBS accused by
six women of me two sorts of things I
think this situation is just more of
what we've seen so there's not much more
to say about the trend but I once had a
meeting with Les Moonves one of the
weird things about meeting me is that
when you watch the news you're just
watching stories about strangers when I
watch the news a half of the news as
people I know this weird isn't it for
example if I'm watching you know any
news program chances are the the host to
somebody I've met or they've interviewed
me or somehow I know them so a lot of
the pundits I've mad or had interactions
with and les moonves's another one of
those
so back many years ago I was pitching a
Dilbert movie and he was one of the one
of the pitch stops on that on that tour
and so I had a brief pitch session with
him I pitched Dilbert and he said not
for us now he had a good reason because
CBS was sort of the older person's
network and Dilbert was at the maybe at
the right now would be perfect for CBS
but at the time it was a younger product
and didn't really fit in there in their
portfolio are you still going to make
the Dilbert movie no that's probably
permanent hole
and right now I would not be able to
market a movie because I first of all I
wouldn't be able to get good people to
work on it right now because my brand is
little toxic in Hollywood it is anyway
let me do when I'm not I'm not scheduled
to be on greg gutfeld show but we are
appearing together on stage for part of
his book tour but I think that's sold
out at this point James Gunn let me
suggest once again
a rule for making the world a better
place I've said this before the but the
more I think about it the better I like
this idea
watch me influence the world right now
there there are not that many cases
where I get to call they you know call
the home run and say I'm gonna hit the
home run over that field but I'm gonna
do that right now I'm gonna I'm gonna
inject some persuasion into the system
that I think you're gonna see in real
time to change how people treat the news
all right you ready so here's some
persuasion I'm gonna release into the
universe and the reason it will be
persuasive is because it's a new thought
on a normal topic and that makes
something viral anytime you inject the
the person bites the dog instead of the
dog bites a person it's unusual but it's
also a high-ground maneuver which is
always the best and here it is how many
times have you seen politicians mostly
politicians but also celebrities famous
people get in trouble for something they
said and then later they clarified that
the thing that they said that's not what
they meant it's it's are one of our most
common phenomenons right
so I recommend the 48-hour rule for
clarification and it goes like this if
somebody says something that sounds
outrageous and provocative and oh my god
it's racist that sexist is something and
then the public says hey what do you
mean are you saying are you saying what
we think you're saying did we hear you
right here's the new rule you've got 48
hours to clarify and that once you've
clarified the clarification has to be
the news from that point on in other
words when we say what is your opinion
it has to be the clarification now I
give it 48 hours because a rules are
better when there's a little bit
specific and 48 hours is plenty of time
for a celebrity to say whoa that's what
you heard that's a totally meme is
speaking because if I gave you that
impression that's opposite of my actual
opinion yeah so Roseanne would be the I
would call Roseanne the perfect example
of this you've seen the president have
this problem with Charlottesville and
other things and when you say 48 hours
to spin I think you're not being a good
citizen when you say that because you're
saying spin here's what I think the rule
should be we should believe people when
they tell us their opinion we should not
assign people opinions we should not say
I'm looking in your secret thoughts and
I'm seeing something bad and I know
because the way you worded that thing
the rule should be that the only people
who can tell you what they're thinking
is the person now if they take longer
than 48 hours to correct something I
think it's perfectly reasonable to say
okay maybe that's sort of what they
meant and if it's a year later and
here's some weird spin
rationalization and it's a year later I
think you can ask yourself why didn't
they say that right away that would be
fair but if if they correct it within 48
hours I think that our rule should be
that's what they think nobody gets to
tell other people what they think now
I of course have a personal investment
in this because there have been many
times and I guess a lot of you have seen
it yourself you've seen how many times I
have been misinterpreted where somebody
will say you said stop you said the
aliens are real and they probed you and
then I'll say no no Dale I didn't say
that I didn't say anything like that I
said other people claimed that it
happened to them or whatever I say my
opinion should not be Dale's
interpretation of my opinion from that
moment on the 48 hour rule should be I
got 48 hours to address anybody's idea
of my misinterpretation assuming I've
seen it you know you can't address
everybody's interpretation everywhere
but if the big big misinterpretation is
the story 48 hours imagine how much
better the world would be if people had
48 hours and I think that could include
apologizing
it could include clarifying but that's
the big picture if you want a better
world give people 48 hours and
especially politicians because we judge
them you know if you're a politician
pundit celebrity you're talking in
public all the time your odds of saying
something that sounds wrong is about a
hundred percent it's about a hundred
percent eventually you're going to say
something that people misinterpret 48
hours you've got to clarify it so that's
going to be my new rule so so if you ask
me in the future hey what about that
thing that somebody said there was dumb
or running for
whatever I say give me 48 hours
once it's clarified I'm taking the
clarification now some of you are gonna
say hey I think the misspeak that
whatever the original thing they said
was is really the better reflection of
what they think and then what they did
in the next 48 hours was really trying
to cover it up kind of it's kind of
spinning it do you know what I say to
that good good let's take that example
let's say somebody let's say there's
some celebrity who says something
terribly sexist and it gets called out
for it and then 48 hours later the
person says no no I was misinterpreted I
would never say such things now let's
say you believe they're just lyin to you
and that they really didn't mean the
thing they said 480 hours ago here's my
rule it doesn't matter because what you
really wanted was for people to
understand the difference between the
bad behavior and the good behavior which
they are demonstrating by telling you
that they really didn't mean the bad
behavior you want them to do it in
public you want to remind the world what
good behavior looks like and what good
opinions look like if assuming that
there's a good and a bad opinion in this
case and I think we should accept when
people say their clarification even if
it's not true this is really important
point even if the clarification is an
absolute lie the world is way better off
if we let people say all right I said
that sexist thing but now I'm clarifying
it because I get it like we don't say
these things the clarification turns
that person into the thing they said
that that they really believe there's a
principle of in persuasion in which if
you state publicly an opinion you you
end up you know adopting the opinion
even if you didn't believe it when you
first said it so if somebody was really
a sexist and really said a sexist thing
and
and within 48 hours they said no I don't
mean that that's not what I that's not
who I am
let them here's the key let them become
the person you wanted them to be let
them do that even if it's not real let
them become that person let them pretend
to be that person because they will
become that person by pretending you
know the nature of human beings is if
you pretend to be a jerk
it just becomes who you are if you
pretend to be nice that becomes who you
are if you if you show love to people
before you even feel it you come to love
them so let people become the people you
want them to be give them that that
freedom and give them that pass and and
let people be in charge of what they
want you to think is their opinion it's
okay that you give them some pushback
all right
did I ask Kathy Griffin to come on I
haven't but that would be fun I will I
think I will ask her to do that I'm
waiting for there's there's an upgrade
coming to my startups app the interface
app so there's a important upgrade
coming that will announce it a few weeks
and then maybe I'll do some more some
more appearances also have some really
interesting stuff coming up next week I
don't want to tease it yet but as you
know I try to help the the world in ways
that I have any special ability to do
that and so there's something very
interesting that I'm working on that
you'll hear about next week and I hope
by the way all of you will participate
at least with your ideas so I'm going to
ask you to participate with your
thoughts and your ideas doesn't have to
be your money and it's going to be
exciting and it will be fun and you'll
see that next week all right
and now it's not about the malaria
I'll leave malaria to the Gates
Foundation they seem to really be all
over that which is great all right I
just heard a phone ring but then where
my phone is all right no it's not about
black lives banner it's something
something that will could influence all
of you in a good way all right and
that's all for now I've got other things
to do and I'll talk to you later