hey everybody Maui mkj now he's one of
my favorite places in the world
hey Mateus and Phil and the rest of you
come on in
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
yes it's the simultaneous
shelter-in-place thank you for that
suggestion Quinn and today we're going
to enjoy the simultaneous hip and
doesn't require a lot of preparation it
really doesn't all you need is a cover
of Margar glass of tanker Challenger
styling the canteen drinker flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything including the pandemic
so much better it's called the
simultaneous up go mm-hmm I can feel the
death rates falling places all over the
world all right let's talk about some
stuff I was saying a quote from Joe
Biden this says quote we need to leave
the way with science so he was
criticizing the president and saying
that we'd be better off if we listened
to science a little bit more science
told us that face masks don't work the
virus cannot be transferred from animals
from human to human and there's no
reason to close travel from China so
what is the lesson here exactly should
we listen to experts because certainly
you have to listen to some of the
experts because it's not as if they're
wrong about all things all the time and
they only have to be right once if you
don't listen to them your dad so we're
in sort of a tough bind here
imagine how the world would look
different if everything that the
scientists and the experts had told us
had turned out to be right on and just
everything they they said just was right
on what what would that mean for let's
say climate change just imagine if we
had gone through this experience and
we're still going through it but we can
already determine that what do we get to
the end of it we're not going to be
trusting experts as much as you might
like because the experts failed us in
spectacular fashion I mean really in the
when people make lists of how experts
failed us as a public this is gonna be
in the top three right no no matter what
happens whether it's as big as the
experts said or not as big what's
already happened especially with the
face mask thing I mean that was that was
so damaging I mean to the whole
scientific trust situation so I think
what we found is that even if experts
know the answer even if they know the
right answer you can't trust them to
tell you the right answer because that's
what we learned because they might be
managing other requirements they might
be they might have some loyalty to
another country let's say China they
might be politicians they might be paid
off by some industry they might be
trying to prevent hoarding they might be
trying to manage your expectations they
might be trying to manage their career
because they don't want to be wrong it's
worse to be wrong or it's you know it's
okay to be wrong but you don't want to
be wrong in the other direction so you
can imagine a whole bunch of reasons why
the experts would know the right answer
but not tell you so that's an extra risk
it's not as easy as listen to the
experts because you don't know if they
have the same incentive you do you don't
know if you're talking to the right
experts certainly I think we can
conclude that before this coronavirus
stuff most people I think would have
expected the World Health Organization
to be credible experts I mean I didn't
know anything about them but if you had
said to me oh there's a worldwide
organization it's called the World
Health Organization and here's their
mission I would have said oh yeah you
could trust those guys I mean why
wouldn't you obviously they're working
for a world health obviously they have
experts they're not going to say things
that other experts disagree with it's
not in public anyway why wouldn't you
expressed the World Health Organization
but of course it turns out that they're
just lying completely we don't know what
they knew or didn't know but we know
that they gave us bad information so I
think if you're a proponent of the green
New Deal and you're trying to convince
people that the scientists and the
experts got it right
and that there's a you know a massive
risk for climate change independent of
whether there is or is not a massive
risk you know we not experts have to
trust the experts but can we I mean
after with this with this experience
fresh in your mind would you trust a
climate change expert now there are
different domains and different you know
different levels of evidence and one has
decades of research and one was sort of
a fog of or new things so I'm not I
don't say they're even comparable but
I'm just talking about the psychology of
the public is the psychology the public
such that we're gonna believe whatever
the next experts tell us no matter who
those experts are no matter what the
domain is I think we're I think we're
kind of spoiled right I think we got a
little bit ruined in terms of our trust
of experts by this experience and that's
gotta bleed over into other categories
there's no way that that doesn't
influence how you think about the next
thing all right
I have so here's a little insight on the
toilet paper shortage and I have a
solution for it that's right I have a
solution for the toilet paper shortage
are you ready it goes like this
so the first thing and this was a good
insight and I don't know why I didn't
think of this myself but it's so obvious
once you hear it in a normal world
people are using the bathrooms at work
and they're using the bathrooms at home
it turns out that the suppliers of
toilet paper are different for the
industrial market where you get this
really bad toilet paper that goes into
your stalls at work versus the home
market where it's a little more upscale
and you know and stuff so it's different
manufacturers with different supply
chains then what happened was a lot of
people went from one of those supply
chains to the other by staying home so
what's happening is that it's not one
supply chain for toilet paper there are
two separate ones one for the industrial
market one for the home market and the
industrial market presumably has plenty
of capacity because fewer people are
going to work but it doesn't fill in for
the other market so they they can't just
flip it over and say oh now we'll just
ship it to your grocery store this it's
not even the same kind of toilet paper
doesn't fit the same rolls and stuff so
so that's one of the problems but that
said I believe I could still fix it and
here's how bear with me now now if
you're new to my periscopes I should
warn you if anything you know not to
take anything I say too seriously
alright so if anybody's new don't take
me too seriously the rest of you know
what's coming so here's how I would
solve it and it goes like this
presumably there are people who have
extra toilet paper right because that's
what hoarding is so there's some people
I have way too much and there are some
people who didn't get enough now how
would you normally solve that well
normally you'd solve that with some kind
of a market system where the people who
know they got too much
I could sell it get out of markup or a
profit to people who didn't get enough
and then in overtime it would solve
itself because if that market became
efficient then the people who had too
much wouldn't worry about selling a
little bit of it because I can always
buy it back
you know worst case scenario they sell
it into the free market later they have
to buy it back maybe they pay a few
extra bucks but they get the toilet
paper so if you had a market for people
for individuals selling toilet paper and
if that market were efficient which is
the big that's the hard part
you're getting everybody to agree that
it's a real market and they'll really
sell and sell stuff and so here is my
suggestion
somebody says he's a cartoonist I'm a
cartoonist with a degree in economics
and an MBA in 16 years of financial
experience in modern and corporate
America but if you'd like to say just a
cartoonist that's fine too so here's my
suggestion to create a a market for
toilet paper consumer to consumer using
two apps that already exist and are free
so so nothing needs to be invented there
are two apps that could create this
market today and they're free you can
download them now nobody has to do
anything but here's the trick you know
how cryptocurrency is are kind of worth
nothing at the moment
you know Bitcoin salsa value but a lot
of the lessor of cryptocurrency is they
just sort of you know became vanishingly
small well in order to have a good
currency it would be ideal to have it
backed with some physical good some
people say that the dollar was better
when it was backed by gold but at least
the dollar is still backed by the faith
of the the government so the government
will always accept it for taxes so as
long as your currency is backed by
something it can maintain its value it's
a crypto currency that's not backed by
anything by psychology that can
disappear so
here's a suggestion my cryptocurrency
for my startup went up it was called the
when whe n so it exists and you could
trade it and I've decided that I'm going
to back it with a physical good so from
this point on one when is equal to one
roll of standard toilet paper now it
only works if everybody agreed agrees
it's true the moment anybody says down I
just don't like that that it doesn't
work but if everybody agreed that one
when equalled one toilet paper then you
could trade them but suppose you don't
want to train in cryptocurrencies you
want to trade in money I still got you
covered
so here's what you could do you could go
on the interface by one hub app that's
one mine startup mix and you could be
any kind of an expert but you don't have
to be an expert you could go onto the
app and say your job description is
hashtag toilet paper and then put your
zip code I'm just brainstorming here
none of this is really practical so
don't don't worry about this actually
happening I'm just thinking it through
right so you go to the interface by one
hub app and you can put in your zip code
and toilet paper then somebody who needs
toilet paper in your zip code so that
there's no shipping costs you know
somebody you could you could just drive
it over and deliver it so somebody your
zip code has it and you just call them
up on the app and say hey I'll buy some
your toilet paper how much is it they
say 20 bucks you know it's a markup 20
bucks and you say ok can you leave it on
my front doorstep and I will pay you
through the app because the app lets you
tip so if the guy says yeah it's 20
bucks you could say all right you send
them 20 bucks right through the app and
it could be cash or it could be
cryptocurrency you just get to choose
now
there's another app also free in which
you can watch the guide deliver on a map
so let's say the guy says ok I'll bring
it over and leave it on your front door
and I'll send you a link and you can
watch me drive over so you don't have to
worry about somebody's stealing it
you know once it's left on the doorstep
because you don't want to touch him
right social distancing so the other app
is called approach it's also in the
stores it's also free and you could if
you wanted you could add your name to
the app that's five bucks a month but
you don't have to so you just use it for
free so you make your deal on the
interface by one hub app and you say
when it's delivered I'll tip you through
the app for your toilet paper and I'll
be able to watch you on a map in the
approach app as you're coming to my
house so that I'll know when it's there
and you know I'll be able to take it in
without somebody stealing you huh so one
when is equal one roll of toilet paper
now it's not currently worth that but
all we'd have to do is agree that it
does you simply would have to all agree
that's it you just agree that it's equal
this and it is it's completely a
psychological phenomenon so if you want
to solve the toilet paper crisis one
when equals one toilet paper or just
create a market that uses regular money
and use any kind of app you don't have
to use my app right you could use venmo
but but the interface by when hub app
allows you to discover right if you use
venmo you're not going to be able to
find somebody to pay you'd have to say
something I'll find them another way but
if you use my app people can just put it
in their zip code and toilet paper you
just search for it that way and you're
like okay there's guys three blocks away
that'll sell me a roll so I'm not
terribly serious about that but I am
serious about the fact that if you
created a market if you created an
efficient market it would be solved
tomorrow and it would also open up the
possibility that your workplace could
sell their extra toilet paper right
because the workplace market isn't
really impacted because that's a
different chain so you could just create
a market for buying the
toilet paper from companies they have
too much and somebody could just go in
and say yeah yeah I'm not selling any
product today but I'll sell you my
toilet paper not using it all right so
enough for that then so apparently there
are companies that do have access to
your phone location and depends which
app they're using for that because some
of your apps already you've given it
approval to track your location so there
are third parties that can get that
randomized information they can't tell
us you but they could tell this
somebody's around there and I guess they
they they could track all the phones
that went to spring break and then they
could track them as they left spring
break and went back and in fact of the
rest of the country and so that
technology's really got some future my
guess is that by the time we have an the
next pandemic that there will be apps
that tell you when you're close to
people and apps that will tell you who
you've connected with recently so they
can do contact tracing so I think I
think your phone will be your primary
virus healthcare or device by the time
the next pandemic rolls around
apparently Russia is already using their
public cameras and facial recognition to
bust people for not socially isolating
so that technology I expect will be much
more robust by the next pandemic to so
you can actually get to the point with
existing technology you just you would
just have to decide to use it basically
because we already have facial
recognition in cameras and phones and
stuff you just have to decide to use it
but if you did you could probably solve
a pandemic without drugs right if you
knew everything about everybody's
location and you knew who exactly like
exactly who was next to WHO and when I
think you don't even need drugs I think
you just say whoa pandemic we just found
10,000 people who had some kind of
association you 10,000 you got to stay
home for two weeks
that's that and then it's over you you
just carve out this big area and say
yeah we know exactly what's happening
there you just stay away from these
people
I may be oversimplifying but in theory
you could solve it with just information
and no drugs so you know that story
about the the Navy captain who wrote the
memo and showed it to too many people
about his crew not being sufficiently
protected from coronavirus and the Navy
fired him
so the firing defense was that he took
his communication to have aside the you
know the the naval appropriate chain of
command and I agree with that you know I
have to say you know emotionally I agree
with the captain who was just trying to
protect his ship but there is something
to be said for the rule of order in the
military and he violated it quite
grossly and that was the obvious outcome
now the weird part about it as Mark
Snyder pointed out and I didn't even
catch he's probably saw some of the
video of the crew of the ship you know
gather again mass - you know clap and
and cheer the captain after he had you
know left the ship but here's the thing
the entire issue was about the people in
the ship being exposed to the
coronavirus and not being safe and the
captain who gets fired for bringing up
this issue becomes the focal reason that
everybody in the ship gathered in a
large confined space
shoulder-to-shoulder and probably killed
a few of them you know statistically
speaking so there's a story within the
story about what the hell is going wrong
with this ship and if the captain was
okay with everybody meeting in a large
tight group to say goodbye to him then
maybe he needed to be fired
because it seems to me that way he
should have been doing even as he was
exiting the ship is saying whoa get out
of this crowd the whole point is I'm
trying to protect you idiots how about
not standing in a tight crowd to wish me
good luck because that's the opposite of
what I got fired for I'm trying to
protect you don't stand in a big crowd
to wish me well so that's weird
all right can you calculate for me or
can anybody based on what we know
already now maybe you and I can't
calculate it but I think this can be
calculated I'll be it with you know
numbers that subject to change but I
tweeted this earlier can you calculate
the coronavirus risk of death for the
following person a 35 year old American
nonsmoker average weight not overweight
not underweight no known underlying
health conditions who practices social
distancing wears a face mask commutes to
work alone and let's say has some space
that worked also socially distance and
let's say that that person doesn't have
any vulnerable people living in the
house that they go back to what are the
odds of a death happening because this
guy this person goes back to work can we
calculate it oh sorry a little it took
my back sorry I'm looking weird it seems
to me that we should be able to
calculate that right and what would that
risk be and then who gets to decide if
that risk is acceptable is it the
government at this point yes
so I would like to see that calculation
made first of all because what do I tell
you over and over over again the things
which are not measured are not managed
so if we're trying to manage this crisis
but we can't measure the individual risk
of this kind of person that versus this
kind of person then we're not managing
so if we are managing I think the task
force should be able to say at some
point maybe it's a little premature they
should be able to say look we've
calculated the risk and if you fall into
this category you're fine go back to
work we'll we'll monitor it maybe we'll
try one you know one metro area first or
something like that and here so I did a
first draft so I tweeted this around you
can see this is fresh at the top of my
Twitter feed I know you can't see here
but just a sense of what it is so what
it is is a this is my first draft just
to get the ball rolling in terms of what
we need right so as I've told you a
million times
the coronavirus situation is a
participation sport
you're not a spectator so if there's any
idea you have anything you can do
anything you could do to make people
safer or better go do it all right
don't wait around for somebody to tell
you what's your job it's your job if you
can do it it's your job you know an
emergency so one of the things that I'm
especially good at if I do say so myself
because I have a lifetime of practice is
simplifying complicated stuff if I've
said this before but if there's one
thing that I have a skill in that
actually is above average to the average
person I have a whole bunch of skills
that are just sort of pretty good but
not world-class you know I don't draw
better than you know great drawers or
anything but I think I might have one
skill that is a little bit a special
meaning that there wouldn't be many
people in a group of a thousand who
could do this better than I could do it
and that is simplifying a complicated
thing and a lot of it has to do with the
fact that it's it's been my full-time
job for you know 40 years because in my
day job I used to simplify financial
analyses for
management so I was always calm
simplifying complicated things and then
of course as a cartoonist and as an
author that is mostly about
simplification too so I thought I would
use my special skills to simplify the
question of how to get people back to
work and so here that yours the
checklist so you can some of them have
no is next to them some of them yes
so if hasn't no next to it it means you
can't go back to work yet let's say in
the first phase so all of these would
mean you could not go back to work right
so anything on this list means you're
not the first phase but going back to
work if you're over 60 and female or
over 50 and male now the difference is
that males have a much greater risk and
an age as a factor so these two would
have similar risk a a woman over 60
would have roughly and again this is a
first draft I would need an expert to
tell me you know how to tweak this
exactly but if you're a woman in you're
over 60 you're in the high-risk group
but if you're a male and you're over 50
you're already starting to get into the
high risk because men have a higher risk
so if you're over 16 female or over 250
and male stay home on the first one if
you've got diabetes your smoker or an
ex-smoker you've got hypertension and
cardiovascular disease diabetes chronic
respiratory disease or a cancer that's
not in full remission I think there's a
difference right I think if you have
cancer versus cancer survivor' there's
got to be a difference there so if you
have any of those conditions that would
be no you can't go back to work but then
I would add some more things that are
more about your situation so the first
ones are more about who you are and then
the second group is about your situation
so if you need public transportation to
commute maybe you don't get to go in the
first phase so in other words if you
walk to work or ride your bike or drive
your your car by yourself then that
would be considered okay
but if you had to get out of the crowded
transport maybe not in the first phase
is there anybody vulnerable living with
you if you come home from work and you
bring something with you is there
anybody vulnerable and old at your house
if not maybe you're okay
Israeli reason you can't wear a face
mask at work I can't think of a
situation but there must be where for
some reason you can't wear a face mask I
don't know what that would be but so if
you can that's good if you can't maybe
not in the first phase and then the
other one would be if the hospitals near
you or at capacity so if you're in an
area where your hospitals are still look
like they're not going to be you know
slay them too hard that would be a
factor as well and then two two things
would allow you to go back to work for
sure is if yet confirmed antibodies
maybe you have to get tested twice again
this is what the experts would tweak
let's say you've got confirmed
antibodies and you've been tested twice
and let's say there's X number of days
that have gone by so then you're fine
doesn't matter what else is true you're
fine
or if you have essential services so
that would be the the other factors so
it really comes down to one page that
you could put on a website or something
and you could have people say all right
under under you know threat of jailing
for perjury I fill out my form if it's a
no but I think you shouldn't be I should
be able to compensate with a doctor's
note so for example let's say the
checklist is said I don't know
hypertension but I go to my doctor I say
look I've got hypertension but it's like
just barely and I'm 35 and everything
else is good it just barely have a
little hypertension well the doctor
might say okay you know you know the
risks it is a little more risk but not
much I'm gonna prove it so you need some
mechanism for a doctor to override the
checklist for there the grey areas
but that's my plan so I would like to
see the administration come up with
something similarly simple it doesn't oh
yes
somebody in the comments says I do not
have BMI and that is just an oversight
so I'm going to fix that and republish
it yeah so wait wait is the other factor
your body mass index so thank you for
that that is exactly why I put it up as
a draft so that you could do that
somebody says too complicated well I
don't think a checklist is complicated
because it's just yes/no do you have
this condition yes or no I don't think
it could get easier than that you don't
have to do any research that like
there's there's no human being who
couldn't answer this easily just by
looking at it you don't have to go talk
to a doctor you don't have to do
anything
do I have diabetes yes or no it says
something yes your location is important
but primarily yeah actually that's true
so if it's a hot spot or not I don't
know how you defined that so I'll add
that to I was going to say that you
could have that cover too by how much
impact the hospitals have but that's
probably another variable you know you
want the hospitals to not be impacted
but also not to be a hot spot ideally
all right so the Daily Show sent around
a clever little clip in which they clip
together all of the Fox News hosts who
were saying the wrong things about the
corona virus early on so as all the
people who said that it's just the flu
and don't worry about it and go about
your business and go out to dinner and
when you see all the clips together it's
pretty damning pretty damning but here's
the thing where's the where's the
compilation clips of all the experts who
are wrong - because he's sort of missing
the context right
a little bit of context missing yes it
is true that many many of the
personalities on Fox News said things
early on that turned out to be just dead
wrong so it's fair to show that in a
compilation but it's not fair to show it
unless you also included in the
compilation that the top experts the
World Health Organization doctor foul
key information we were getting from
China all of it was wrong
so yes the people who were not doctors
were wrong do you know who else was
wrong
the doctors yeah give us some context
how about the fact that everybody was
wrong everybody was wrong there weren't
any smart people said here's a challenge
to you The Daily Show put together a
clip of all the people who were right
who's gonna be on it Mike Serna me
you know jack boo Sabich is that the is
that the compilation the clip you want
of all the people who are right early
that's not the compilation clip you get
a show in The Daily Show because it's
not going to it's not going to support
your point so as much as I like the
compilation clips you know the humorous
ones they they are funny so I'll give
them that but it just could not be more
misleading it basically was fog of war
and nobody had the right answer early on
and those of us who did well you know
somebody was gonna be right yeah yeah
you can never know if you were right for
the right reasons you can only know that
some people are right and some people
are wrong no matter what no matter what
the prediction is no matter what the
topic is
somebody's gonna be right because there
are so many people making different
predictions but it doesn't mean they're
right for the right reasons it just
means that people were all over the
board and somebody was gonna be right so
I try not to let myself get too big of a
head if I'm ever right about any of
these things because I never know why
I'm right
really you just know that you were okay
how many of you have lost weight during
the pandemic I think I've lost around
eight or nine pounds and I was I was
trying to gain weight I was actually
trying to put on a few extra pounds
because I thought you know especially at
my age if I if I guess I'm kind of a
health issue it's good to have just a
little extra weight you don't want to
you don't want to go all the way to an
overweight condition because that's
worse
but being underweight at a certain age
is not really good you know you want a
little little cushion in case something
goes wrong so I was trying to gain
weight and I ended up losing about nine
pounds only because I'm eating so well
you know just healthy food and I'm
exercising diligently yeah so I'm doing
all the things I'm supposed to be doing
and I I can't even gain weight by trying
taijuan had the right answer two months
before you they probably had a lot
better information I think we were
getting bad information from China they
may have had better information
michaelsavage was right at the same time
as me you're saying yeah so imagine that
compilation clip the compilation clip of
the people who are right nobody's going
to put that together let me make a
prediction you're never going to see the
compilation clip of the people who are
right early because does that group
doesn't have good PR if you know what I
mean all right I think that's all I got
for today somebody's back up to 300
push-ups today they have you gonna be a
beast a beast
somebody says gained weight well some of
you have your your isolating with a
somebody who's a good chef if you're
isolating was somebody who's a good chef
that's could be tough can't go to gym
yeah
you know I I don't think there's
anything better than taking a long walk
for your general health I you know I I
made lifelong exerciser and I've you
know spent lots of time trying to
understand the best techniques and stuff
and I've probably tried most of the ways
you can exercise so I've at least
sampled just about every sport every
kind of exercise and they got to tell
you the one that just always stands out
is a long walk at any age you know if
you're younger maybe you walk further
but it's the most gentle compatible with
your biological nature it's what your
you know your body evolved for it's just
always good and you don't get injured
typically so what I'm wondering is
there's so many people who are taking
walks now because it's one of the few
things that's available to you I'm
wondering how many people will get
hooked on it because it because I'm
definitely hooked I used to like to you
know drive to the gym and stuff but at
this point every time I take a walk on a
nice sunny cool day that's perfect for
walking I feel great I sleep great feel
great
don't have any stress I mean it really
it's transformative fairly quickly
somebody said how long where I walk
they're usually Hills so and they're
pretty steep so I might do two to four
miles
you know just depends how I feel dr.
Andrew Weil says walking is the best
exercise I I think that's just got to be
true gaining muscle is different from
gaining fat of course it's hard to walk
around in the city yeah it might be hard
to walk around in the city because of
trying to avoid people out here there's
no traffic you know there's no cars and
you can walk for a long time without
being on the same side of the road as
somebody wait in my neighborhood there's
always somebody out walking you know
they were walking a dog or something
but people cross the street so I haven't
I haven't crossed somebody on a sidewalk
who was on the same side of the street
as me in weeks
probably probably two weeks I haven't
been on the same sidewalk with somebody
I just cross the road when somebody's
coming
all right that's all for me and I'll
talk to you at 10 p.m. Eastern 7:00 p.m.
Pacific for your evening swaddle time
best part of the day that isn't the
morning all right that's all for now
have a great day