pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here
hello's vana hello Mike hey other people
Jerri fuzzy Jim Tyler if you come in
early I'll say your name out loud it's
quite a treat and now we have a thousand
people at it's time for the simultaneous
that's the best step of the day
grab your mug your chalice your vessel
your a cup your glass fill it with your
favorite beverage lift it to your lips
and enjoy the simultaneous sip somebody
mentioned a name feinstein in the
comments just now and i have to laugh
every time the president
mispronounces her name has fine Steen I
always think to myself doesn't does he
do that intentionally does he not care
or is he just confused like most of us
are on whether it's Steeler Stein so
let's talk first about all the
inconsistencies so there's this general
feeling I'm hearing in the pundits the
pundits are saying that if people are
lying about the little stuff that's an
indication that they're lying about the
big stuff so if somebody was definitely
lying about the little details that
should take away the credibility of what
they say about the big point well I
disagree with that totally in this case
anyway there might be some general sense
where that's true but in this particular
case you have two people for din
Cavanaugh who are acting as advocates
they're not really there to tell the
truth they're both fighting for their
life they're fighting for the fate of
the country their fate in fighting for
their families they're fighting for
their rep you
Asians neither Cavanagh nor ford are
there to tell us the truth you know on
some surface level that's why they're
there but they're advocates they're
advocates they're there to win and in
those situations when you have let's say
the question of did Christine Ford
really remember she only had one beer
but she couldn't remember these other
details well that's sort of ridiculous
did Cavanaugh really never drink to
black out or never drink too much or
never have a time when he drank so much
he didn't remember some details what
happened well it's sort of ridiculous
did he have the drinking age wrong did
he miss characterized by a year when the
legal age changed at 1982 well it
doesn't really matter because you should
expect that both of them would lie on
all the little stuff the expectation
should be that both advocates will shade
the little stuff as much as possible to
the point where it's just a lie all
right so when when they talk about
whether they had one beer or whether
somebody knew somebody you know this
sort of thing you should expect both of
them are lying by shading and etc so
don't make any conclusion about whether
they were honest about the little stuff
because they're not there to tell you
the truth there are advocates let's talk
about Jeff Flake so Jeff Flake one of
the swing votes has come out and
announced that he will vote for
Cavanaugh and his reasoning in his
announcement was interesting so what he
said was that he was open to hearing
both stories but when he did he said it
was impossible to know who was telling
the truth and therefore you must default
to the system and the system is
essentially at least an ethic of the
system is innocent until proven guilty
so I think that's the protection that
all of the Republicans and the people
who might vote for Kavanagh have now
because of these because of the hearings
the testimonies I think that everybody
has the same cover that Jeff Flake does
which is they can credibly say there's
no way to know what happened and once
you've said that you're free to you're
free to vote for the the one you want so
I think I think confirmation is assured
at this point simply because the people
wanted to vote for him but found it
dangerous have really good cover now now
Jeff Flake is the perfect one to go
first why why is Jeff Flake the perfect
one to go first of the group of I think
four or five people who are the only
ones who haven't made a decision if
you've never listened to me before that
might be less obvious if you've listened
to my periscopes you know that this
little group meets and in fact they met
right after the hearings so the little
group of undecideds I think there were
four or five of them and and then out of
that group Jeff Flake went first and he
tried out an approach which is we can't
really know so you have to default to
the system which says you're innocent
until proven guilty
why did Jeff Flake go first it's because
he has less to lose he's not running for
re-election so he is a a be testing his
explanation so the other people who
would like to say what Jeff Flake just
said are gonna wait to see what the
reaction is and then they'll know if
they're safe or not the reaction will be
safe enough because when you say there's
no way to know it's pretty obvious when
you look at the public that the public
is split it's pretty objectively true
reasonable people are looking at all the
evidence that's available and coming to
different conclusions that's all you
need to know and then you just default
to the system and you've done the most
credible thing that a leader it can do
so Jeff Flake going first is important
he's the he's the canary in the coal
mine he's the a/b test he's the one he's
the one who's going first to see if he
gets killed because if he gets killed it
doesn't matter that much he's retiring
anyway the others care more the the
discussion of let's talk about fake
memories here in a minute I'm making
myself a note when I'm watching people
frame the situation and they're talking
about Ford & Cavanaugh and their
testimonies and how credible they are
you're watching you're watching what I
told you would happen back in 2015
you're watching a civilization that is
that is ascending to a higher level of
awareness about reality it's really
exciting and I've said this about the
whole Trump administration you know from
the beginning from the even from the
candidacy that he would change the way
we thought about reality now let me ask
you this back in 2015 when I say the
facts don't matter of course they matter
to outcomes but in terms of our
decision-making we just ignore them have
you ever seen a cleaner example of where
the facts don't matter this is a real
obvious situation where you can see
people who have made a decision and then
they reason backwards to what the facts
must be oh I've decided I like Kavanagh
therefore our reason backwards to the
facts of oh it's a fake memory right so
when I first said this in 2015 I think
most of you will remember that it just
sounded crazy in 2050 that's just a few
years ago to say that the facts don't
matter to our decisions just how many
crazy
but now you're watching it it's
unambiguously true that the facts don't
matter
and and the reason of course is that we
never know the facts so the facts would
matter totally if we actually knew what
they were but we tend to think we know
the facts and we're just wrong we just
believed it without having evidence all
right so the people who are who have
already risen to the higher level of
let's say understanding reality are not
saying that one of them lied and one of
them is telling the truth
anybody who's framing this as there's
one liar and one telling the truth and
that's the end of the story they have
not yet risen to a higher level of
awareness where I think much of the
public not all but much of the public is
starting to understand and the higher
level awareness goes like this both of
them could very easily be telling the
truth as they understand it so if you're
looking for allies I think you're not
going to find any because on the little
stuff of course they're shading they're
you know they're they're manipulating
all the little stuff about who had to be
heard and stuff like that how would I
get home whatever that stuff is just
total but that you should
expect that from advocates on the big
question of whether the the the main
allegation was true to me the most
likely situation and certainly the one
that should be in every conversation
whether it's the the best explanation or
not it should be prominent in every
summary that both could be telling the
truth as they say it so that means that
both could have faulty memories one of
them could have faulty memories or we
live in the simulation in which the
history doesn't really set the history
is variable until you confirm it so
watch for people like Geraldo
who has risen to a higher level of
awareness maybe it was already there I
think your was already there and Geraldo
was said they're both telling the truth
as they say it that is a higher level
awareness doesn't mean it's accurate it
just means that he is aware of that
possibility being a prime possibility
not just some obscure little maybe weird
possibility it's the prime possibility
that they're both telling the truth as
they remember it and then you have to
default to the process because there's
no there's no other there's no other
credible thing to do but default to the
you know well-known understood processes
of how you handle things would you don't
know the facts dr. Ford when asked about
whether she could not remember the the
main fact you know is it possible she
wouldn't remember the main fact talked
about her hippocampus and chemical
reactions in the brain and how you would
and have the brain normally remembers
the big details but it's normal to be
sketchy on the small details was dr.
Ford correct that it is normal to
remember the big detail while not
remembering what people wore or the
exact wording or stuff like that yes
that is completely accurate
scientifically backed everybody would
agree that is more likely you'll
remember the big facts than the little
facts however the question that was not
asked and I wish it had been is dr. Ford
do you believe there is such a thing as
false memories being a memory expert
she's going to say yes because she knows
that other people have had false
memories then you follow up dr. Ford the
people who have false memories are they
positive that their false memory is true
dr. Ford's an expert on this stuff or at
least she she's an expert in this
general field
she would say I think yes those people
with false memories which are fairly
common and do happen in traumatic
situations more often than others they
are positive and they're also wrong
that's a thing without that question I
feel like you know we just we just
didn't get a good hearing now I do
understand why the lawyer that the GOP
hired did not go hard at her because it
would have been an unnecessary abuse
right whatever is going on with dr. Ford
it's not pleasant she's not having a
good time she's a victim of something
whether it's events this event other
events you know just you know a baseline
anxiety that she talked about she's a
victim of something and there is a limit
to how hard you go as someone who was
clearly a victim of something so I think
the GOP probably chose right to and I'm
guessing that the lawyer that they hired
probably had some instructions to go
easy or at least not to go as hard as
you would go in to trial so I think they
played it right but we'll never know I
still would have liked to hear some more
some more probing questions but we
didn't so here's a question can people
have a false memory of somebody that
they know so the fact that she says she
knew Brett Kavanaugh which is also in
dispute by the way because he doesn't
know her or at least didn't hang around
the same circles is it possible to have
a false memory with a whole different
person in it well I've told him my story
of being robbed as a bank teller and how
I gave a completely 100% of wrong the
only thing I got right was the gender
when I gave my description of the robber
and I know that because later I saw a
bank video video surveillance of me
being
robbed and it was a totally different
person from my memory so I hold in my
memory a perfect memory of the person
who robbed me while also holding a
perfect memory of looking at the video
of me actually being robbed by a
completely different person so there's
one example in which I have a different
person in my memory and it's confirmed
but the question is okay this was a
stranger I didn't know the person
robbing me if you actually know the
person can you have a false memory of
somebody you know because that would be
weird to get that wrong right well I
have to own well one of them involved my
brother or I can't remember the details
now but I remember where I was telling
the story in which I was the center of
the story and I did X and my brother sat
in the room and said you didn't do X
that was me I had I have a memory of
doing something that was actually my
brother doing it I am forgetting some of
the details but it was like a real it
was like a mind-blowing situation
because even if you assume that my
brother was the one who has a false
memory one of us has a false memory if
not both even if you assume he was it's
still a situation of having a memory
about your own brother that you
substitute yourself for or vice versa
that's as that is as deep a memory as
you could possibly have I also have a
false memory involving my mother a very
detailed story of something that
happened in which when I check it with
my with my mother so when she was alive
I recounted the story that was about her
a very detailed story it involved a gun
and a dog
it literally involved you know shooting
a dog now that's a sort of story that if
your kid is pretty traumatic right
somebody actually shooting a dog and and
this story it was my mother
shooting the dog or actually threatening
to shoot the neighbor's dog because the
neighbors dog attacked our dog so the
story was a little bit traumatic because
our dog got eaten you know he got pretty
chewed up by the neighbor's dog and then
my recounting of it my mother took her a
gun which we kept loaded and leaned in
the corner behind the front door true
story we had a loaded a loaded gun
leaned in the corner of my kitchen just
all the time in case we needed a would
you grow up in the country that's
actually more normal than you think it
was actually there because there were
animals that would get in the garden and
my mother would go out and shoot the
rabbit or whatever it was that was in
the garden so my mother was the one who
used the gun most of the time and my
memory is that she went to the neighbors
with her gun loaded knocked on the door
and said your dog just attacked our dog
you've got two choices you can either
shoot your dog or you can watch me shoot
your dog and then the neighbor went in
the back and shot his dog now I
recounted that story to my mother and I
and she said that never happened and I
said well maybe I got some of the
details wrong but the basic idea that
you went to his house and told him to
kill his dog or you would and you had
your gun with you at the time that
part's true right and she's been she
said nope nope nothing like that ever
happened look how detailed this story is
and my mother either my mother or I have
a complete false memory because how
would you forget that right so it's far
more likely that my memory was the false
one because she has the negative memory
of it and you would remember something
like that right that's that's really not
no kind of thing you'd forget if you
were the principal then let me give you
another one and so last night and this
literally happened it was sort of
mind-blowing last night
I was looking on social media and
talking about this false memory stuff I
got into a conversation with Kristina my
girlfriend in which I recounted a story
that she and I a conversation we had I
remember the place we were I remember
talking about it I remember how it made
me feel I remember how it made me feel
after the fact and ever since that
moment it had a sort of a lasting impact
on me but it didn't happen and so I told
the story of a very detailed event that
involved Kristina and a conversation
with her but she presented evidence that
I think is completely confirms that that
conversation never happened all right
you don't need to know the details but I
have a complete false memory that I know
now is a false memory and it doesn't
change the memory I still have a
complete memory of something that didn't
happen and I know it didn't happen
because her her counter argument was
perfect
so can drugs affect memory yeah lots of
things can affect memory you so can time
and so can there be those are two things
we know will affect memory let's go on
so can you have a false memory that
involves someone you know and the answer
is yes
I've had them I've had them in complete
form with details and yes and so anytime
I see this conversation and I was
tweeting about this this morning so I
tweeted around a number of stories
talking about the unreliability of
eyewitnesses now if it's true that
eyewitnesses are deeply unreliable and
the science is very clear on that how
different would that be if you were the
subject of the event now the thing that
makes eye witness accounts unreliable or
the thing that makes them more
unreliable relatively is when there's
any kind of shock or trauma or your your
fighter your fight or flight instincts
get elevated so whenever that's
happening your memory suffers so with
eyewitnesses if they if they watch an
event this sort of routine they might
remember it better than if somebody came
in and committed a crime and somebody
got hurt and then somebody ran away
under the latter situation they're less
likely to have the same memory because
because their emotions are jacked up at
the moment of the event now if you're
the one who is being attacked your
memories should be jacked up far more or
at least your emotions would be jacked
up even more than witnesses so
somebody's standing right next to you
getting attacked would have in theory an
unreliable memory because eyewitnesses
are unreliable but the person being
attacked would have even more of that
effect in other words they would have
more trauma they would have more
emotional involvement so I don't know if
that specifically has been studied but
if you're using your you know kind of
sense of reason that if that is the
thing that makes your memory unreliable
the amount of emotion that goes into it
then the person having the most emotion
probably has the least reliable memory
now one of the things I've taught you
way before any of this Cavanaugh stuff
came up is that if two people have a
different memory or a different
observation one of them is seeing an
elephant in the room and the other
person is right next to you and they
don't see the elephant which one is
telling you the truth
well it's usually the person who doesn't
see the thing who doesn't see the memory
that's the person who's usually telling
the truth not every time right but in my
experience I can't think of anything
exceptions it's the person who's
invented the elephant who is having the
hallucination and so with these memories
if you have somebody who says I was
there and somebody says
now I would remember that usually I
would rely on the person who whose
memory says they weren't there but of
course this is all shaded by the fact
that they are advocates so you you
should expect you should expect neither
neither Kavanagh nor Ford to be reliable
witnesses because they're advocates
they're not they're not uninterested
observers you should expect them to be
unreliable both of them and therefore
you have to default the system because
you can't you can't determine who's
telling the truth now what about the
what about the simulation you know the
smart people like Elon Musk and people
like me say that we're probably reality
is probably a simulation and if it is
the creators of the simulation would
want to reserve or conserve resources
unless they needed them so they would
not create a reality that had every
possibility and every history that's
complete and fits it would just be too
hard to program or it would be harder
than it needs to be you would instead
have the past determined by the present
whenever he needed it so the past would
be developed on demand and that allows
for the fact that there could be two
legitimate pasts that people believe in
at the same time that neither of them is
true they're both simulations so you're
not ready to accept this this this
explanation of reality and I understand
but you will you're getting there
so in my world it is more likely that
both of them are telling the truth and
that they both have a valid history that
supports their truth but that's because
we live in the simulation and since
there's no way to decide which one is
true they can both be true forever
because there's nothing that makes that
requires them to be solved
now let's talk about let's talk about
the people who are talking about this
the people who are talking about the for
adverse Cavanaugh situation if they
don't mention in every major
conversation that eyewitness reports and
memories and memories are unreliable
they're either anti-science or they're
they're just advocates and you could
ignore them you could ignore anybody was
just an advocate and so look for the
people who are willing to say okay let's
let's understand that memories are very
unreliable and this is true of Cavanaugh
and it's it's true afford it's true of
you is true of me memories are very
unreliable and if that's not part of
every conversation then somebody's being
illegitimate in even talking about it
so so in summary you should expect that
both Cavanaugh and Ford are
intentionally lying about the little
stuff because there are advocates
they're not there to tell the truth or
they're there to get a result so they're
probably both lying about what how much
beer they had and how certain they are
about their memories and stuff like that
now you want to see another false memory
that happened today here's one I'll read
it to you this is on Twitter this is
someone having a false memory right in
front of you just see how common it is
here's a tweet this is a tweet from
somebody named Greg just random person
on the internet on Twitter and he says
how about Ford's most credible witness
her lifelong female friend she
emphatically says it didn't happen as do
all the remembered witnesses that's why
it's obvious Christine is having false
memories this tweet is based entirely on
a false memory
the friend said she didn't remember it
the friend did not say it didn't happen
so this very tweet about the situation
is based entirely on false memory
there was no memory of Christine Ford's
friend saying this didn't happen no
memory that but this person believes
they have a full memory of reading a
news report or seeing a news report in
which the friend said it didn't happen
all right the only thing the friend said
is she has no memory of it that's
completely different than saying I have
a memory of it not happening very
different so false memories are the norm
our memories are terrible we are
learning so much during the Trump
administration about how reality is
constructed we're learning the facts
don't matter we're learning that our
system is not what you thought it was in
this Supreme Court decision what is what
is the process for picking a Supreme
Court person what is the process for
confirmation let's say confirmation
specifically if you live in the second
dimension you say to yourself oh well
the president nominates somebody the
Senate does advise and consent
they have to get majority blood law so
that's what your impression is of how
the world works or it was now what do
you think now you saw that mostly
everybody made their decision without
regard to the facts they just joined
their team and then they reasoned
backwards to why they must be right you
all saw this right you all saw that the
facts didn't matter to the vast majority
of people now there's a small group the
four or five people who had not decided
yet and and Jeff Flake has now left that
group because he's decided but the
entire decision of who gets on the
Supreme Court came down to
four or five people I'm not wrong am i
the decision about who got on the
Supreme Court was not the Senate it
didn't matter what the rest of the
Senate did it only mattered what those
four or five people did because they're
the only ones who matter the only ones
that matter so that's our system we have
a system where four or five people get
to decide who's on the Supreme Court
that's it that's what we're watching
right now four or five people deciding
and I'm not even sure there's four or
five or deciding do you know I told you
before that there it's more like the
four or five are hiding than just then
deciding because they needed to hide
until everything that could be known was
out and then they could find something
to be their fake because you saw a Jeff
Jeff Flake his fake because was that
okay now we've heard everybody and it's
unreliable on both sides and now it's
safe for me to say since we can't tell
we have to go with you know innocent
until proven guilty and we have to
conserve reserve conserve the system so
to speak preserve the system yeah so
here's what I ask myself given that only
four or five people are running the show
why would you ever vote with the
majority now let let do you imagine this
scenario imagine that Senator Scott
Adams gets elected so on day one I get
elected and it doesn't matter which
party I'm in but let's say well it does
matter in this case let's say I'm maybe
it doesn't matter let's say I'm yeah it
doesn't matter which party I'm in so I
get elected and doesn't matter if I got
elected Democrat a Republican what's the
first thing I do to take power to
essentially overthrow the government all
I do is not vote with my party every
time do you get that if I became sin
I could run the country as one senator
just by not reliably voting for my party
every time I would be the only one who's
making the decision because these these
votes are coming down to one vote and I
would be that vote now if I what if I
got elected by either party democrat or
republican and then I just always voted
with my party what power would I have
not I would have no power
I would not be part of the
decision-making process not in any
important way but by sometimes going
against my group and always waiting for
the last minute like this little group
of four or five swing voters they have
effectively taken over the country you
get this right that there are only four
or five senators who run everything now
they're deciding who's on the Supreme
Court they're going to decide Obamacare
you know health care they're gonna
they're gonna decide on probably a
prison reform they're probably going to
be the important swing votes on taxes
there are only four or five people
that's it they're running in the country
and if you get elected to the Senate and
you immediately join a team and just
vote for the team well you're a freakin
idiot you're an idiot let me put it
another way there are four or five smart
people in the Senate and then they're a
bunch of idiots
because four or five are making all the
decisions and and the others are just
sort of are I'm a Republican I'm a
Democrat a Republican I'm a Democrat
right four or five people go in and say
well let's make this decision what do
you think Jeff what do you want to do
there yes McCain for all of McCain's you
know alleged and real faults McCain was
simply smarter than most of the people
because he was willing to cross sighs
willing to talk to the other side that
gave him real power I'll drink to that
I believe I've talked about everything I
want to want to talk about so I'll
double down on my prediction that the
Republicans have enough cover to vote
for this candidate and that Cavanaugh
will be confirmed yes and the same thing
with the Supreme Court now when people
say you know we're putting these
justices on the Supreme Court and the
Supreme Court will decide you know if
it's if it's a conservative majority
they're gonna do a bunch of conservative
stuff therefore we have to be really
careful who we put on the Supreme Court
and I would say back up a little bit
you're missing it you're missing it back
up the four or five people who decided
if he gets confirmed they're the ones
who are deciding all the future
decisions the Supreme Court is a given
you know that the Supreme Court is going
to line up by majority most of the time
they're just gonna line up by majority
so the Supreme Court doesn't really make
decisions anymore I think there might
have been a time maybe you know I could
be corrected on this there might have
been a time when the Supreme Court
actually made decisions but we're not in
those times all you need is a majority
of either the liberal side or the
magician or the conservative and you'll
you already know what the decision is
before it's even it's even picked up by
the Supreme Court so the decisions would
be now being made by the four or five
senators who can go either way that's it
somebody's asking about Dershowitz I've
said many times that I like to wait
until Dershowitz speaks to have an
opinion because his legal opinion is
just just better than everybody else's
and he's one of the few people who can
have an opinion on both sides of the
aisle
so Dershowitz is sort of like there was
four or five senators he is wisely used
wisely staked down a position where he
can go left and he can go right
and therefore he can be credible in a
way that other people can be so it's
sort of a superpower and he's smart
enough to know it he has suggested that
the the confirmation should wait until
the situation is investigated I think he
suggested in the FBI but he's talking
about doing an investigation and those
of you who have been watching Dershowitz
who seemingly support the President and
various opinions but really he is just
supporting the law and the law supports
the president and a number of cases
you're confused because it feels like
wait a minute why is Dershowitz trying
to hold up this nomination is he a
secret Democrat and the answer is no
he's not a secret Democrat he is he is a
public Democrat he says explicitly he
would not prefer this this candidates
opinions on the Supreme Court but he
would like to see an investigation now
let me give you my opinion on that it's
the same thing I said I also said I
don't see any reason to not have an
investigation because there's nothing it
can do it can't change the result so
yeah it is if if you don't have one you
can certainly argue that it wouldn't
have changed the result people may or
may not believe that if you do have one
that at least you can say oh well we had
one and it turns out it was a big
nothing because the only thing the FBI
can do is talk to other witnesses and it
wouldn't matter what the other witnesses
said it wouldn't matter it wouldn't
matter if if some the with some extra
witnesses confirmed one side or the
other it wouldn't matter it's still just
hearsay it's bad memory it's ancient all
the decisions are made so the best
argument against Alan Dershowitz is that
we know the decision won't be changed
but I think he knows that as well
I think Dershowitz no is that an
investigation won't change in the
decision but it is fair and crowd
of him to say in this case an
investigation would make everybody feel
better about the system and credibility
the way you feel about the system the
credibility does matter as part of the
the credibility is the glue that holds
the whole thing together so if you lose
your glue it all falls apart so
Dershowitz is correct that a and
investigation even at this late date
would make the country more comfortable
but there's also a little extra risk
because you never know you never know if
your investigation is going to kick up
something that's a whole unrelated
matter that the FBI can't ignore right
so there's extra risk if I were the
president or the Republican senators I
would push through with the vote and I
would get this behind us as quickly as
possible
if I were Alan Dershowitz I think his
brand is is well served by exactly his
position because his brand is trying to
be credible no matter which way that
fault and his position of you know why
not let's let's have a little extra
credibility a little extra certainty
there's not really a chance it's going
to change the result but it might make
us feel different about the result
that's a that's a pretty credible
credible strategy credible opinion even
if you disagree with it it's completely
well grounded well reasoned and credible
as is basically everything there so it
says by the way look at Alan Dershowitz
at age 80 and then look at the senators
who are questioning the the folks
yesterday boy 80 is not the same thing
for different people is it you know
Dershowitz at age 80 looks and acts like
age 60 i I don't even see him losing
anything like unit you can't even see a
trace of anything different at AV I mean
that's pretty impressive
but you look at some of the senators you
know senator Feinstein
Leahy Orrin Hatch those guys they do
clearly send the impression that they've
lost the step so 80 is an 80 anymore
Dershowitz is impressive yeah and Trump
is 72 is certainly a whole different
character than a lot of people at 72 all
right do you think the term witch hunt
is offensive to witches yeah I mentioned
yesterday that watching this watching
Kavanagh respond to the Senators felt
like elder abuse because the Senators
just weren't on his level intellectually
they they just clearly have lost a step
and no matter what you think about this
situation it has I think it it pulled
the lid back on who it is who's in
charge and it's scary to see that senior
citizens who have quite obviously lost a
step
are making important decisions that's a
big deal and I think we ought to fix it
but beyond that we have a we have a more
complicated environment we have new
technology new issues new questions and
I think you need more diversification in
the Senate so we should diversify the
Senate in every way that that makes
sense
so we should diversify more women we
should have more ethnic representation
because that's what looks like the
country but we should also have some
some science people some engineers in
the Senate you know having all aging
lawyers or seemingly all aging lawyers
is not diversification
forget about the fact that most of them
are old white guys I mean you know
that's that's a risk profile by itself
just because you don't have enough you
know perspectives but the fact that they
don't understand technology and they
never will and they're 80 and Technology
will be all the important decisions in
the future it's just not a good look
you need some younger people on there
some more diversity all right I think
we've covered it I think we've said
everything we need to say and now it's
time to get back to work
hey people get back to work is there any
kind of a decision on when the vote will
happen I haven't heard that yet in the
coming days I'm gonna be talking about
my company's app the interface by when
hub app there's some exciting things
happening that I think have an
implication for the bigger world and
implication for you all of you watching
this so if you don't mind I want to warn
you in advance I'm going to be talking
about the app not today but soon and
pretty exciting stuff happening so we'll
talk about that later and I will see you
soon