bumbum Kevin good to see you come on in
everybody gather round
this might be the biggest day of your
life I say might I don't know what the
odds are but it might right there are a
lot of you here's some for some of you
it's gonna be best day of your life it
just follows well today you can learn
the meaning of life for yourself you
know people people may have different
meanings but while we're waiting for
people to stream in here so they can get
the full goodness
first some updates have you seen that
the news has turned pure loser think one
of the chapters of my book loser think
is mocking people who say there's
something good should have happened
sooner because everything good should
have happened sooner and that's gonna be
the story of the coronavirus so it looks
like the democrats are gonna settle on
this specific chapter of loser think -
it's funny that I have an actual chapter
a chapter in a book called loser think
and the Democratic strategy is to
embrace it
they don't probably don't know it's a
chapter in a book called loser think I
don't think you would matter if they
knew but yeah so they could say if if it
doesn't suit had better do you know what
we all know if it'd been done sooner it
would have been better no matter what it
is doesn't matter what it is would be
better if it been done sooner I
mentioned earlier today that what the
world needs is an app that lets you do
really quick three second videos that
you splice together automatically to
make a lesson because lessons come in
tiny little chunks yeah whether you're
telling somebody how to change a spark
plug or or anything just little chunks
it turns out that there is one called
REO a are IO and I guess it's a an app
for training it looks like a big
you know big corporate kind of
enterprise kind of adapt so it's a
pretty serious app I don't know if it
works for individuals but at least for
companies that are looking to quickly
train people up you know somebody on in
the field can just apparently just take
it out and say Bubba Bubba put in some
text and words and video and suddenly
you've got an instant tutorial so that's
fun
did you hear that Don junior mentioned
on Twitter that he's going to be joining
the locals platform where I have moved
much of my stuff so that's a big deal
it's not every day that Don jr. joins a
social media platform and of course a
big part of the reason is that it's you
know not subject to anybody's algorithm
I get a give you one one great thought
followed by another great thought and
then I'm gonna close it with another
thought that's great and then I'm gonna
give you the meaning of life already one
that'll make your head explode one
that'll just make you feel good and
another one that makes you feel good
here's one that'll make your head
explode
Joel tweeted this I I told him
it was his best might be his best tweet
because this will just blow your mind I
love it when somebody takes something
you've been looking at forever and then
just turns it around and you go oh I
didn't know that was on the other side
of that thing I didn't look at a forever
and look what he did here so this is
Joel he says if if real Donald
Trump had shut down the country two
weeks earlier and remember that's what
everybody's jabbering about shut about
earlier if it only been 2 weeks earlier
or Bolla so what would have happened
so as Joel says if if Trump had shut
down the country two weeks earlier South
Carolina and Super Tuesday would never
have happened
Bernie Sanders would have been the
Democratic nominee for president and the
media would be screaming about how Trump
had interfered in the 2020 election
[Laughter]
right wasn't that like the smartest
thing you see that you've heard today I
swear sometimes if you just watch you
know the regular broadcast news you know
you're just getting Dumber as you watch
it but how come nobody thought to
thought to actually play back the tape
you know what why was it Joel it was
like the first person who thought of
this like well if you want to go back
two weeks let's rewind the tape huh
let's take a look if that's what you
want let's go take a look what that
looks like that was a really clever
insight all right Joel's got a new book
coming out I'm gonna talk to him about
that when we scheduled that too so
that'll be fun so this is a quote from
an evolved replicant and it's just a
smart little true statement very
optimistic and it goes like this
technology destroys jobs and replaces
them with opportunities I like that
because if you don't have a job a jobs a
pretty good thing but if you do have a
job what's even better is your own thing
so technology it might take your job but
it also makes it possible for you to do
your own thing
and I think a lot of people figured that
out during the coronavirus so of all
that was the exact perfect message for
The Times
so look for your opportunity there's
plenty out there and the president has
promised and before we do our micro
lesson on the meaning of life the
president has promised more good news
coming in the coming weeks and fairly
soon about therapeutics and vaccines do
you remember when the president was
saying I think we'll have a vaccine bye
I forget what he was said but everybody
said well that's crazy
you're not going to have a vaccine by
you know September October that's kind
of crazy but and I think how she was
saying that's more of a 12 month 18
month situation but I think the
president's thinking and of course I
can't read his mind so I'm gonna make an
assumption here I think the assumption
is that he just trusted American
ingenuity and he trusted that in the
context of an emergency that Americans
would just do what needed to be done
because we always do it's actually a
pretty good bet and I was you're sort of
philosophically I'm completely with the
President on that point that however
fast you think something can get done
we're gonna beat that and we'll probably
beat it by a lot because it's the top
priority and we're pretty good at this
stuff so I'll just give you that little
bit of optimism I think you're gonna see
mostly good news of course the yeah the
deaths are going to continue and that's
that's the tragedy but on top of that
you're gonna see an increasing amount of
good news coming out and it's gonna feel
good alright so how many of you would
like to have a little lesson on the
meaning of life and so it will begin
right now all right this is your micro
lesson on the meaning of life now this
is going to be an individual meaning not
a meaning that applies to everyone
because you can take care of yourself
in terms of the meaning that you find
dental life there's not much you can do
for other people they have to figure it
out themselves so this is your personal
journey and how to find meaning in your
life and it's a two whiteboard situation
that's how good it is that's a lot of
goodness I don't know if you can take it
so here's the basic idea the starting
point and we'll get this more detailed
on the other side
if you were to live an ideal life that
was compatible with your biological self
what would it look like and here is my
contention the you will you will have
the sensation of and for all practical
meetings for all practical purposes
you'll have meaning in your life if you
stay on this line which is the line of
selfishness and the idea here is that
you're born a baby and there's nothing
you can do about it you didn't ask to be
born and if somebody asks you to help
out you couldn't do it if you wanted to
you are 100% selfish baby now as you get
older if you're doing things right maybe
when you're a teen you can start to help
out a little bit you're a little less
selfish
maybe by the time you're a parent you
don't have to actually biologically have
children but you're an adult and you're
you find yourself giving back as much as
you getting you know you've given back a
lot could be to your family could be to
anybody your company or whatever
eventually once you've got everything
that you need and you've taken care of
the people who around you you enter some
kind of a I'll call it a mentor mode
where you're sort of a senior senior
member of the tribe you know you're a
tribal elder essentially and you're just
trying to be helpful and then the last
thing you do at least in our culture the
the the last thing you do the moment
your life is extinguished is you give
away everything you have so all of your
material possessions just go away
at the moment of death so this is a
purely unselfish moment because you're
literally dead so you start a hundred
percent in selfish and you try to stay
on the line to get to the point where
you can be so unselfish that you die
perfectly a perfect death is you've
given everything there's nothing left to
give if you do that or even if you feel
you're on the line to do that so for
example you're just in school
are you doing the right thing if you're
a teenager and you're just doing well in
school and paying attention yes very
rarely do young kids ask about the
meaning of life because they're actually
biologically doing exactly what they
need to be doing so if you find yourself
compatible with your biological nature
for that point of life you will feel
meaning if you're learning and then
giving as much as you're getting and
then eventually becoming more purely
unselfish you will feel meaning in your
life now how do you do this though well
that's the hard part right how can you
be sure that you can take care of
yourself well enough which is really the
key if you don't take care of yourself
first you're not going to be in any kind
of position to be helpful so you have to
be selfish in the beginning until you've
acquired enough safety knowledge
financial assets Network family whatever
to be safe for yourself and then you can
start branching out this is the the
basic belief behind this is that we
evolved to take care of ourselves first
because that's what survival would
require but secondarily as soon as we
take care of ourselves we brought that
to the family the people close to you
you know your tribe and then of course
civilization so how can you be helpful
and make sure you're staying on that
line well let's say you wanted to be an
author of this simulation if you're new
to this I like to call our reality a
simulation because it feels like it you
don't have to believe it's a simulation
for any of these purposes it's just fun
so when I talk about authoring the
simulation what I'm talking about is not
necessarily changing base reality
because we don't have any access to base
reality even if it changed we might not
know the difference because we did not
evolve to be able to know reality we
evolved to live in these little worlds
that we manufacture ourselves so to the
extent that
you can manufacture your own world you
become the author of the simulation
you're working in your living and
working now the the process for doing
that I'm going to give you the general
outline but then each of these items
you'd have to work on individually so
this would this would be how to
understand your world the best in a way
that helps you get to that that great
line where you're becoming more useful
all the time all right so I've broke it
into three categories but before you can
even get serious on this you need to
understand the beginning point that
these are filters not necessarily
reality now what I mean by that is
imagine if you would you go to the
grocery store and I like to use this
example you're standing in the grocery
store and and next to you is somebody
with a different religion and on top of
that they also believe everything that
the opposite political party from you
whichever that is they believe the
opposite are they living the same
reality that you are probably not they
might be worried that you know that the
leader is going to do something horrible
and you're not so you live in a world
where there's no risk for all practical
purposes that's what you experience as
you're really reality again independent
from any base reality it's just what you
experience is your reality once you
understand that we're all walking around
in these manufactured realities div
frees you to author your own reality if
you feel you're a victim of reality and
it's just well I'm just the output you
know I'm not the input I'm not the
variables I'm just what guys courted at
the end if that's your view of life
that's exactly how your life will go if
you believe that it's you who
manufactures this filter unreality and
then can live in it you could turn
yourself into let's say a Buddhist if
that was compatible with you know your
thinking and you could live in that
world sort of a Buddhist reality you
could become a Democrat or if
publican and independent you can author
your own reality
now does that alone help you be more
successful live better or be healthier
or have better relationships well not by
itself you need some technique here are
the things which I recommend that you
understand are your priorities if you
have not developed people skills the
odds that you will be successful enough
to eventually give back and therefore
have meaning in your life because you're
learning and getting more powerful all
the time in order to do anything useful
in life that you know gets to the mentor
stage anyway you know there really
really is a well lived life you're gonna
have to master people skills I just
listed some example ones here so
everything from working on your shyness
which you can you can work on it's a
technique I've talked about that before
your networking your conversation your
public speaking learning how to
criticize people without hurting their
feelings how to manage them etc so it's
a long list but you know what it is if
you're not actually working on that list
meaning you're not reading a book on
something on this list you're not taking
a class you're not practicing something
then you're not quite getting ready to
be an author you're still and you're
still in sort of taking it as I comes
mode I've talked too much about the
talent stack but it's so powerful that
if you're if you're not developing your
skills that that layer well together in
your case it's not the same skills for
everybody it's just whatever is the
combination that makes you powerful and
unique and valuable in the market if you
don't have a skill stack and some people
skills you're just not going to be
successful I mean you could it's
possible the people without people
skills can be successful but it's less
likely which gets us to the last thing
you should understand the math of life
I'll call it the odds but it's really
sort of the math of life if you
understand the math of life you have
basically a strategy I don't like to use
the word strategy
so I prefer to say do you know the odds
do you know that if you do this thing
you'll have better odds than this thing
here are just some examples events I
talked about how it's very typical in
the business world to try 10 different
things before one of them works if you
didn't know that you'd give up after 3
but if he knew it was almost sort of
built into the texture of civilization I
don't know why but it's a good rule of
thumb that you probably tried 10 things
and one of them's likely to catch on you
try three things well your odds are less
so understanding that about the world is
important you should understand that if
you sell your time there's a cap on how
much you can make even if you're a
lawyer there's a cap so maybe you should
start your own business if you want an
uncapped potential the math of talent
stacking is that just because you have
let's say ten talents and you add one
you don't go up just 10% in power you
might double in power so the once you
understand the the multiplicative you
know geometric benefit of having skills
you have a strategy just built into your
your normal thinking understand about
diversification yeah especially if
you're investing don't put all your eggs
in one basket as they say and follow the
energy to go where there's the most luck
most stuff happening if you go wherever
there's the most stuff happening with
most people you have more chances for
luck that is the outline for finding
meaning in your life now of course the
details of how you fill out your various
categories and stacks here will be
personal and baby you're all on your own
your own path but the idea is that that
if you're following that path from
completely selfish to completely
unselfish you will have an internal
feeling of meaning and that feeling will
be just you being compared
with your your most basic biological
self because you were born to take care
of your yourself first so if you're
doing that especially when you're young
you'll feel like you're doing exactly
what you want to be and kids do kids
generally feel like they're doing
exactly what they should be doing
learning playing growing so just keep on
that path and you'll you will feel that
feeling of completion and a feeling of
meaning so that's all for tonight
that's your micro lesson and I will see
you you know when