hey everybody happy Valentine's Day come
on in here it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and it will feature yes it
will a special Valentine's version of
the simultaneous sip what makes it
special you ask well you're gonna have
to wait and see but I think you'll agree
it's pretty special and all you need is
a cup or a mug or glass a tanker chalice
or style in the canteen junker flask a
vessel vedhika in filling with your
favorite liquid could be hot chocolate
today but I like coffee and join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better these
simultaneous sip the Valentine version
go mmm yes just as I suspected when you
match the subtle undertones of
Valentine's Day with the exceptional
flavors and pungency of the simultaneity
I think it makes a lovely bouquet and
you don't have to hate me for that I
ain't myself just for saying that
sentence so what's going on it's a weird
slow news day so I thought I'd take some
questions later
except I put out my headphone and I
forgot to click the option for taking
questions so it turns out I won't be
taking questions today
I just realized because if you don't
click that option before you turn on the
periscope you don't have that option so
this might be the slowest periscope or
the shortest one you've ever seen but I
will take you questions in the comments
after I start paying attention to them
all right I learned some news today
should have seen it coming I tweeted
about earlier but did you know that you
probably knew that Ukraine had I guess
on three occasions had offered
lieutenant colonel of Inman the job of
Secretary of Defense for Ukraine now if
this is the first time you've heard that
I don't know what you've been watching
if this is the first time you've heard
it but if it's the first time you heard
it I want to assure you that you heard
it correctly you're not crazy American
lieutenant colonel vind Minh the very
one of the Ukraine perfect letter story
while he was working I guess with
Ukraine they offered him the job of
their Secretary of Defense for Ukraine
three times I guess he's got some
ukraine heritage in his background so
there was some reason for that but
here's the part I found out the only
reason that Ukraine offered vinden the
job of Secretary of Defense is that
hunter Biden turned it down no that's
not true but wouldn't it be funny if it
had been true yeah yeah that's the way
the news should go the news should
always follow whatever is the funniest
now you can fill in the rest of the joke
on that hunter Biden joke I know you're
doing it in your head he turned it down
because it wasn't paying enough exactly
hunter Biden turned down the job of
Secretary of Defense for Ukraine because
he was overqualified good job nice
writing yeah there are a few more jokes
you can fill in there and they're all
good all right today we have the biggest
story of the day is not even a story at
all the news business is so good at
weaving something and of absolutely
nothing then it's starting to be quite
impressive you know you saw that
collusion hoax something out of nothing
the Ukraine story is something out of
nothing the president is a big ol little
dictator something out of nothing you
know so
they're really good at baking something
that nothing today's a good example so
you probably know the story but if
anybody doesn't President Trump tweeted
about I'll just give you the rough
outline of the story he tweeted about
the Roger stone sentence being nine
years said something about it being
excessive I guess and then everybody
said whoa the president can't be
tweeting about a case that's still
active and still going on you would be
influencing the Department of Justice
which tactically is in his his domain as
president but by tradition you're not
supposed to do that because you don't
want to show you don't want to look like
a dictator who's telling your Department
of Justice to do what you want versus
doing what they know to be right so then
part two of the story is that after the
President did that or sometime around
that time bill Barr simultaneously also
had the same thought he saw the verdict
about stone and said what that looks
excessive let's let's look into this and
see if we can you know find out what's
going on or adjust it which he did so
here's the story President of the United
States and the Attorney General that he
appointed are in complete agreement
that's the story right the president
thought there was something wrong with
this stone sentencing independently and
I think we believe that it really was
independently because Barras Barre is a
pretty good reputation right as a
straight shooter
so Barr has had no independently and
having nothing to do with the
president's tweet and I think even
before it he said what's wrong with this
this stone thing we're gonna look into
this so the the real story should be
this the President of the United States
and his attorney general completely
agree so does Alan Dershowitz so does
Jonathan Turley famous constitutional
scholar scholars and lawyers so do
pretty much all of the independent
lawyer
looking at this yeah the ones who are
not blatant partisans pretty much are
all the same team so what kind of a
story do you make out of everybody
agrees well how the hell do you turn
that into a news story well see you then
could do it and here's how they did it
because bar clapped back as they like to
say he clapped back at the president's
tweet saying and again this is just
paraphrasing yeah that he it was
impossible to do his job under these
conditions when you know when the
executive is tweeting about it it makes
it impossible for Bart to do his job and
and that he wouldn't be bullied by
anybody the Congress the press or the
president now what did CNN say about
that they said whoa whoa it looks like
Barr and the president are having a
little tiff let's make something out of
this now what did the president say when
asked about Bill Barr
clapping back and saying that the
president shouldn't be doing all this
commenting the president said that's
fine I'm gonna do it anyway
all right so what's the story what's the
story let me let me put it to you
whether they get another frame do you
want a president it doesn't matter what
what party they belong to it cetera what
do you want a president to watch a
travesty of justice the stone sentencing
would you want him to watch any travesty
of justice whether it was stone or
anybody else and watch it with the
public the public is watching the same
thing he is we're all watching the same
stuff it's clearly a travesty of justice
it's obvious it's public everything we
know all the facts we need to know we
watched it we all have the same opinion
travesty of justice we all at least the
president's supporters seem to be and
I don't want a president who won't
comment on that
I certainly do want a president who
would not here's a easy keyword here I
would not want a president who privately
weighed in
I want the justice system was doing in
other words if the president put his
finger on the scale privately with the
individuals in the Department of Justice
such as calling bill bar in and saying
you know hand on the shoulder bill you
know I really made it really means
something to me if this you know went
this way I think you should do this it
could mean a lot for your career you
know what it is something like that
had it been a private conversation I
think you'd have to filter it
differently but when your president does
something in the most public way it can
be done should you see it the same
because I don't think so I think that if
your president tells you exactly what
he's thinking
publicly that's always good now I'm sure
somebody's going to come up with an
exception to that you know maybe have
had to do with national security you
don't want to know the president's inner
thoughts but that's what the president
says to the president says when it comes
to national security and sometimes even
to you know negotiations that being
unpredictable is an advantage so when
you watch the president of negotiate
with let's say an adversary he acts
unpredictable and he doesn't really let
them know exactly what he's thinking and
he tells you I'm doing this
intentionally and then you watch it work
it's a good strategy but when he's
talking about domestic stuff do you want
your president to not tell you his
actual opinion in public so we can all
see it I don't want that why would
anybody want that in what world would
you not want your president to publicly
give you his opinion so this is all good
news now there is one situation in which
that would not be a good idea and that
would be if he had a weak Attorney
General
do we have a weak Attorney General well
argue some of the some might argue we
used to but not now is anybody arguing
that bill Barr is a weak Attorney
General no no your perfect situation is
the one you just watched your perfect
situation the one that you know if the
founders could could map it out on paper
and say you know we want to update this
constitution let's build a system that's
really good what's you know let's map
out what's the ideal situation the ideal
situation is that your commander in
chief your President of the United
States says in public on domestic issues
not defense issues but says in public
what is his real opinion is what's
better than that I can't think of
anything and it doesn't matter if it's
about the Department of Justice or
anything else now again this is
predicated on the fact that your
Attorney General is not going to be
swayed by this strong executive
president Bill Barr is I want to say
he's alpha as f you know what I'm
talking about right does anybody think
the bill bar is going to be bullied I
don't think so doesn't look like it to
me and and he said so in public now do
you think that President Trump
respects bill Barr less for clapping
back in public we can't read their minds
but if I had to guess I'd say that
they're both pretty happy with the
situation in the sense that they both
showed where their their line is bill
Barr said here's my line all right you
just crossed my line so now I need to
make sure that I've defined this line a
little bit more clearly I'm gonna do it
clearly strongly and in public how do
you beat that how do you beat that
really what system in the world is
better than a strong Attorney General
publicly strongly and clearly saying
okay you pushed a little too hard now
here's my line
so everybody knows now I'm not joking
about this this is the line perfect
situation along with in my opinion a
president who's willing to tell you in
public his actual his actual thoughts on
the issue and certainly I appreciate it
when a president weighs in and something
that looks like a miscarriage of justice
so CNN is reporting this like some kind
of a problem while you and I are
watching the most perfect system you'll
ever see it doesn't get better than what
those two did this week that's as good
as it gets it really is we don't want
all of our we don't want all of our
leaders to be on the same side all the
time and I like the fact that the
president is simply acknowledging you
know I think in a sense the president
acknowledged the bill Bars opinion is
valid because he didn't push back and
Bill Maher's opinion he just said I'm
the president I'm gonna keep doing what
I'm gonna do you know I'm gonna
communicate with the people the way I
communicate with the people nobody's
going to tell me to not do that
perfect perfect all right do you think
that Mike Bloomberg has hired comedy
writers so that he has clever responses
to president Trump's tweets I think so
and this is going to be something to
watch for because it's going to be kind
of obvious after a while if if Bloomberg
starts spouting these these little you
know rejoinders that are a little too
clever a little too funny a little
little too well packaged it's going to
reveal that they're coming from comedy
writers now who's the comedy writer for
president Trump's tweets nobody and
nobody the president writes his own
company he writes his own tweets he
writes his own insults now he also
retweets you know funny memes and stuff
but you can tell the difference between
a president Trump tweet you know the
insulting ones the the funny ones those
are all him there's no comedy writer
feeding him stuff
I think it's obvious by the way he
doesn't nobody nobody could right you
know there are good writers who could
write good stuff in their own voice well
I don't think anybody could write a
tweet in the president's voice quite the
way he writes them I don't think that
could be done we wouldn't know right
away if the president started using
comedy writers that's not going to
happen but so Bloomberg was responding
to the the height comments from the
president he came up with a quip he said
I heard a little clip where he said
where I come from height as major is
measured from the neck up and then the
audience has to think for a while weight
height is measured from the neck up so
he's saying that if you have really tall
forehead that's good what now that
doesn't make sense so so your Hut your
height is measured from that neck up is
that because you don't have a long
enough measuring device or is it good to
have a big head what exact oh oh I get
it I get it I get it he's saying I
measure my height from the neck up
because he say the brains brains that's
right brains brains are the important
part now who wrote that
I think Bloomberg might have you know
pulled that out from you know something
from his childhood or something because
it sounds like an old saying it doesn't
sound like something that was written
for this purpose it sounds like he
pulled it out from maybe his past you
know somewhere he heard it but I think
you're gonna see Bloomberg hire writers
and it's going to be funny when they
when they start doing their thing all
right Eric's wall well it has crawled
out from under a rock he was hiding
after the collusion rush occlusion fell
apart and the Ukrainian thing fell apart
but he's back and he's my representative
here in California and he said on CNN he
was being interviewed by Anderson Cooper
and I just tweeted around the tweet
right in his screen
grab of SWA well talking to Anderson
Cooper and you have to look at Anderson
Cooper's body language which I will
demonstrate here in a moment for those
of you watching on video and and I'll
describe it for those of you who are
listening but the swallow was talking
about the stones situation and he said
that instead of essentially instead of
tweeting about it the president could
have just pardoned him but here's where
a swallow goes into full crazy-crazy
land
swallow says that the reason the
president doesn't simply just part in
stone is he wants to show the world that
he can he can manipulate the Department
of Justice and Anderson Cooper is
sitting there listening to this crazy
 and he had to see the enters in
Cooper's body language and I'll
demonstrate for those of you watching on
video but you can see it in my Twitter
Anderson Cooper city got the desk with
him he's leaning back and he's got both
of his arms crossed and it's just the
two of them and so all was talking and
swall was leaning in and Anderson
Cooper's got his arms tightly crossed
these and he just says you really think
the president is thinking that and it
was that moment when you realize that
only even your own team let's say that
the left learn leaning anti-trump team
if you will roughly speaking it was that
moment when you realize that even your
own team wasn't buying your
anymore and you know I've said this
before I think Anderson Cooper is he's
one of the people who is capable of
seeing past the craziness I'm not sure
that everybody who even works in the
industry is even capable doing that but
I think Anderson is and I think you know
I think Anderson Cooper has his own
biases and political preferences like
everyone else you know everyone kind of
shows their bias in that job so he's no
different in that way but I do think
he's also capable of noticing when his
own team just
off the rails and you could watch it
happen sois Wells assumption of that the
president was cleverly not pardoning him
because he wanted to really show that
he's a dictator who can control the
Department of Justice is so batshit
crazy
they even Anderson Cooper couldn't
couldn't treat it as a serious statement
at least in terms of his body language
in terms of his professionalism of
course he did alright yeah I thought
that was hilarious rush limbaugh I don't
know when Rush Limbaugh said this but it
was reported I guess in CNN that
möhippa they say conservative radio
personality and Medal of Freedom
recipient so they throw that in there to
further mock him
they say Rush Limbaugh said the 2020
presidential candidate Peter Budaj had
little chance of winning the election
because quote America is still not ready
to elect a gay guy now of course on CNN
they want to make this look like Rush
Limbaugh is anti-gay is that what he
said did did Rush Limbaugh say anything
but bad about gay people well he may I
don't know what he's ever said in the
past but in this case there's nothing
that you dip about gay people he's
talking about other people he's talking
about other people being prejudiced is
that isn't that just an objective
statement he's not even giving you his
opinion he's just saying I think other
people not ready he didn't say anything
of himself but the implication the way
it's framed and sort of presented makes
you think does that be is that because
Limbaugh has a problem with this now I
don't even know them boys opinion on
this topic I have no idea what his topic
is but is he right let's just talk about
whether the country's ready or not I'm
going to disagree with Limbaugh on this
I disagree I say that the country
actually is ready and that the reason
that the reason that boon and judge
might not make it to the to the dance so
to speak might not get to the final
nomination and might not get elected to
president I think the reasons have
everything to do with him and almost
nothing to do with his sexual preference
that's that's my my view my view is that
if Buddha judge had the skills of an
Obama that he could be President because
you you you know you've got the skill
and then you've got whatever other
people might suggest is a disadvantage
but if your skill is high enough it
doesn't matter that you have a
disadvantage of any type your your skill
level can overcome it you see this with
President Trump better than anybody else
president Trump has a lot of negatives
according to some people you know his
his personal life in particular his
personality etc but because the
president's skill level is so
extraordinary he can get past you know
grab them by the you-know-what and maybe
nobody else could have it's possible
that nobody else may be no other
politician in the history of the world
could have gotten past that but if your
skill level is enough you can't so
here's where I disagree with Rush
Limbaugh I think the country is
absolutely ready totally ready we would
just need a better candidate do you
agree because I don't think it's even
right to say that the country is not
ready it you can't ignore the variable
of how good the candidate is when
President Obama ran for office the
country was not ready for a black
president Obama made us ready all right
he didn't I would say that Obama did not
come into an opportunity and it well
lucky its lucky that you're the first
black guy who ran for president and
exactly the time the country was just
ready for it
I don't think that exactly happened now
of course the country was getting more
and more ready over time it was the it
was the register than ever been but I
would argue that Abama made us ready I
think he made us ready he didn't wait
for us to get ready and that's what's
missing in Limbaugh's analysis Budaj
edge if he if he were Obama quality
politician and he's not he could make us
ready so when you say is the country
ready that's I think that's looking at
the wrong variable he could make us
ready and I would argue he's doing a
solid b-plus job at it
all right Buddha judge is doing a solid
b-plus job of making the country ready
and I like actually like a lot of the
things he's doing you know in that
domain of getting us ready I like that
he's he's now hiding anything he's he's
fully transparent you know he's got his
his husband involved in the campaign you
know nothing is being nothing is being
de-emphasized you know he's just
transparent exactly the right thing he's
not saying that being gay is an
advantage because that's a mistake that
Hilary made about being a woman she
tried to make it an advantage
it's what Obama did not make as a
mistake Obama never said hey it's time
for a black guy he didn't that would
have been a mistake he downplayed that
and so I would say Budaj edge is a solid
b-plus but he'd need to be enable us to
get elected and I don't think he's quite
anyplace yet maybe he will be someday
and and I've said before and I'll say it
again I think - I think the country
needs to have an LGBT president if it's
not this time
let's get around to it you know check
that box it's just good for the country
good for the country - you know and I
wouldn't I wouldn't want a situation
where you picked somebody for their
immutable characteristics just to get it
done I'm not in favor of that but should
we have a contest where that's the best
candidate
let's do it alright I I tweeted it
around yesterday an article that's
getting a lot of attention I saw that
Don junior also independently had
tweeted around it's and it's just worth
mentioning again and it was written by
dr. Carlin borisenko and what was
remarkable about it is that she was a
lifelong Democrat I guess and went to a
trump rally and described you know the
story of how she felt and what it was
like at the rally and and how it changed
her now the bottom line to it is that
she thought it would be a big scary
thing with bad people she went to the
rally and they were all really nice that
was it she just she found out that her
worldview about what a trump supporter
was and how they acted and who they were
was just totally wrong and had been fed
to her by the media
now what was remarkable about the
article is that first of all it was a
first-person account of somebody
changing their mind how often does
somebody change their mind when it was
you know you just don't see it I mean
it's a it's a dog bites man situation so
first of all the topic was really
interesting to watch that journey of the
mind but secondly is really well-written
and it sort of jumped off the page um
because I can't read long articles I
mean I skim them or I look at the
headlines pick out the key points I
can't read a long article but I could
read hers I could read it and was happy
to read the entire thing because the way
she formed sentences is just just the
the journey that she took me on it was
really well done but I'm getting to a
point here I'm not just going to
compliment the piece there's something
I'm getting to that's useful so
given that it's very rare for somebody
to change their mind and for somebody to
break out of what I would call a a tds
bubble and i think she called it that
herself you know in her own words she
basically referred to it the same way to
watch that journey was extraordinary and
I said to myself and you've seen me do
this a lot of times I said to myself
what kind of person can do that who is
qualified to break out of a bubble
doesn't matter if it's on the right or
the left who has those who has that
skill so I clicked on her profile and
then I did a little hunting down on her
LinkedIn page to see what kind of
background she had now you know in my
book loser thing I tell you that people
have had experience with different
domains have an advantage in
understanding reality and that you could
escape your bubble if you're in one and
most of us are you can escape your
bubble by adding to your talent stack so
let's see what kind of a talent stack
you've got from somebody who can break
out of a TDS bubble arguably the hardest
bubbled anybody ever broke out of
alright and by the way she did not break
out of the bubble to become my trump
supporter that didn't happen and she had
some negative things to say about the
president's style so she didn't become a
Trump lover that would be suspicious
looking but she simply became a non
Democrat because she could see what was
happening on her side all right so
that's the highest level of awareness I
would say what kind of background gets
you there and so I look at her
background organizational psychologist
author coach speaker she's written a
book yeah I guess workplace
organizational behavior kind of stuff
and she lists herself as a chief science
officer and then I went and clicked on
her LinkedIn and I see she has a Masters
of Business Administration Bachelor of
Science and communication and public
relations in a doctor of philosophy
she's a PhD in industrial and
organizational psychology in other words
in other words she has exactly the
talent stack that her article predicted
she has a full view of the field and you
could see it because nowhere in the
article was there any loser think
nowhere in the article were there dumb
analogies trying to prove something
nowhere in the article did she act like
she could read the minds of strangers
nowhere and that's why you'd expect for
somebody who was you know a Doctor of
Philosophy who understood psychology
communication and it masters a business
corporate experience wrote a book knows
public relations the talent stack works
so here's my point
oh and here's the funniest part of the
story it's just funny because she you
know her writing was so good that she
became a sort of a national headline
there not a headline but at least on
social media she became kind of a little
sensation for a while she has the last
name of borisenko and somebody accused
that accused her of being Russian or
something and she said that she's
married to a Ukrainian now I don't know
if he's Ukrainian American and American
real life I don't know but he has a
Ukrainian last name and she married him
now what are the odds what are the odds
that Ukraine just keeps popping up yeah
that's the simulation code reuse it's
like the system is down for maintenance
and you only have some of the options
you know like like half of the
simulation is down for maintenance and
they're saying all right until until
March all foreign countries are just
going to be Ukraine what what are you
talking about that can't work how can
every story in the news be about a
Ukraine I know I know it doesn't make
sense but we got to bring the simulation
down for maintenance we're just bringing
down that the modules that give you a
variety of international events it's
just all going to be Ukrainian from now
on all UK yeah so you got that going on
so congratulations to dr. Carlin Boris
and ski for breaking out of her tedious
bubble seeing the full field and doing
the honestly by building a skill stack
that is world-class
it's a world-class skill stack all right
that is all I got in my prepared notes
does anybody have any questions that
they've been dying to ask by the way you
know I apologize for always having to
deal with my nasal problems while
live-streaming Here I am looking to
schedule some surgery to do some
roto-rooter in my nasal polyps to solve
this problem it's not really allergies
I'm not sick it's sort of something that
has to be roto-rooter down so we'll do
that and what I do I'll probably miss a
few days on periscope but it's not a
dangerous situation all right somebody
says why do we need a gay president well
need is not the exact word that I would
say I would say it would be good there
are things that that could be good for
you that you don't really need they're
just good for you and I don't think that
we have to force it I think it needs to
happen when it happens and it will just
be there'll be a you know some somebody
who's just got high-end capability
slaughter meter is at a hundred percent
oh yeah I heard that who is at Caruso
Cabrera is running against a OSI did you
hear that now you may recognize her name
as a CNBC host or whatever for years and
years I would be real worried if I were
a OC because that's a really strong
competitor all right yeah somebody
you're saying you if you notice when
Pete Buddha jej or when people talk
about him I think what he talks about
himself he talks about himself being you
know the first openly gay president I
think he's actually said that or people
have said it about him but it's funny
that they put openly in there and they
after that they have to say he would be
the first openly gay because there is of
course
much the speculation that he would not
be the first gay president he would just
be the first openly gay one yeah I'm not
gonna name names but you can you can do
that on your own who will be the
Democrat candidates well I think the
odds of it being a brokered convention
or high because I think that Bernie is
going to come in with the most votes and
it will be it will be a topic of common
understanding by then among Democrats
that he can't win I did a little poll of
who would be the most entertaining it
was just a Twitter poll so it's not it's
certainly not scientific and the Twitter
poll I said which of the top four vote
getting Democrats would be the most
entertaining forget about who would have
the best chance of winning just it would
be the most entertaining and Bernie won
so people think that the funniest most
entertaining race would be between Trump
and Bernie I don't know because there's
something you're a Bernie that's that's
not as fun to mock I felt like the right
answer was Bloomberg because you know
too insulting New Yorker billionaires
fighting it out would be a lot of fun
Bernie I'm not sure takes the bait one
of the reasons that Bernie does so well
is that he doesn't play the normal game
so I don't know he would respond to in
Seoul for insult so that wouldn't be any
fun
everything we know about Bernie he
admits you know you could put a
different word on it and call him a
communist but he's now hiding the fact
that he wants free health care and free
education and all that so I'm not sure
that the normal attacks against Bernie
would be fun because it was just safe
it's just sort of things that he admits
her true yes
I'm a certain age yeah yes I want to I
want to do these things that are there's
not much to it
well Biden would be the funniest but I
don't think at this point nobody expects
them to be the nominee I think what's my
opinion on Project Veritas well Project
Veritas is an amazing window into behind
the curtain and I think I think it's
been a real eye-opener and scary when
you see some of the opinions but those
opinions generally are coming from
individuals and in any organization
you've got a wide range of opinions some
are very supportive of the organization
they're in some people think their boss
is an idiot who should be fired so I
always I always take it as a useful data
point so when I see a project Veritas
thing where there's some somebody
undercover saying something horrible I
don't say to myself well there's the
opinion that they all share I say well
there's one person maybe more if they
show more people on camera who have this
opinion which is odious find me any
organization that does not have people
with odious opinions of it I don't think
you could so I try to keep it in
perspective I think it's useful and
illuminating definitely an eye-opener
sometimes it's jaw-dropping to hear
people talking candidly but try to keep
it in perspective you know a lot of
people with a lot of different opinions
in the world let's talk about those
attorneys who resigned the prosecutors
in the Stone case when the president and
bar started looking into their decision
for them resigned now could you say that
they had been dissed by bar well in a
sense you could say that he dissed them
and if the Attorney General was dissing
the attorneys could you say the
attorneys were disbarred
okay you don't have to laugh too hard
that's right they were dissed by bar
they were disbarred saying it twice
makes it was so much funnier all right Q
and on your thoughts is q still around
does Q still exist
you remember my prediction that Q was
not real a lot of people have that same
saving opinion and sure enough we don't
see a lot of don't see a lot of Q I
think Q petered out alright did Bernie
fire the Gulag guy that's a good
question
the guy who appeared on the project
Veritas video I don't know if he still
has his job or not has the book Profiles
in corruption changed your mind on Biden
well I haven't read it so now but I'm
assuming that in there there are lots of
indications of stuff such as Biden
travel somewhere and then you know his
son gets a big deal in that same country
I think we kind of know all that stuff
so I'm not sure it changes my opinion my
opinion is it's obvious that there was
something swampy and sketchy but I don't
know if anything that was technically
illegal it was just awful but maybe
there is somebody says you're polyps are
caused by allergies they will grow back
that is correct
there are some treatments to keep them
from growing back quickly but there's a
high chance they'll grow back
listen who said I can't tell what your
groaning about I'm getting lots of some
people saying nice try oh my god it's
gotten worse with Q yes Q is definitely
active it's funny I don't see anything
about them anymore could it be that I've
successfully blocked them all I I
mentioned this before but something
happened on Twitter in the past a month
or two where my trolls all disappeared
and a lot of my trolls were Hugh
supporters and I haven't seen a Q
supporter I don't know how long so I
don't know if I I may have clicked some
filter or they all disappeared and then
the other day I think was two days ago
several hundred people were dropped off
of my Twitter as followers so I don't
know if this happened to any of you I
lost several hundred followers on the
same day now I don't think that is
Twitter doing anything I don't think
that's Twitter doing anything
unscrupulous unscrupulous I think that
probably those were identified box and
accounts that were fake and not real so
I'm guessing the Twitter is really
active this year trying to delete all
the fake accounts the bots and the
Russians and everything and it wouldn't
surprise me at all if I had several
hundred of them that wouldn't even be I
guess HEPA filters in the house somebody
says yeah maybe
am i vaccinated I am
somebody says uber says I don't know
what to say but I want your attention
you win you got it
Scott you're so out of it what's that
mean you mean out of it today well I
will tell you that for the last three
days I have been waking up at 2:00 in
the morning
in screaming pain and rolling around on
the floor I mean that literally actually
rolling around on the floor in pain so
I'm only getting three or four hours of
sleep at night for the last week that's
a that's a holdover from the meds
side-effect
did you see the president's tweet about
going to meet with the governor Governor
Cuomo of New York who of course is
famously the brother of Cuomo on CNN and
and the president is mocking Cuomo in
New York for what they're doing with the
now it's a long story but doesn't matter
anything and he throws as he throws in
don't bring freedom to the meeting he he
doesn't know how to stop causing trouble
I'm saying lots of medical
recommendations here yeah I use a neti
pot every day and I do have meds to keep
the polyps
to a certain size all right but we don't
need to talk about that somebody says is
Buddha judge the darling of the Intel
community I don't know how would you
know that
have we seen yet somebody's asking about
somebody's asking about the I'm sorry I
lost my train of thought because I saw
another question somebody's asking what
the pain is that I'm rolling around it's
a its digestive intestinal pain which is
a known side effect when when my doctor
prescribed the antibiotics she in one
case there was another doctor he they
said this is probably going to cause you
some intestinal issues man were they
right thoughts on Trump cutting student
loan forgiveness in the public sector I
don't know about that story
as amy klobuchar worth an 18 to 1 for
the nomination oh I would say so
if the odds of Klobuchar getting the
nomination are 18 to 1 I don't know if
that's the case somebody just said I
said that in the comments but I would
think her odds of getting the nomination
or closer to probably 5 to 1 something
like that so I think you would likely
lose your bat but those odds are not bad
now the reason that the reason the
Klobuchar has more of a chance than
anyone else is that I think she could
put up the best fight so here's what
Klobuchar has going for she's a woman so
she's gonna bring him the woman vote
somewhat automatically because the
Democrats are basically as primed as you
could possibly be for a woman president
and they would like to get a little
revenge from last time and she would do
that
the other thing Colombia sure has is
that the biggest negative she has is a
little bit like a positive what's the
biggest negatives that Klobuchar has
which is she's really tough on her own
staff now when you hear that how do you
process that well we see her acting very
civil and you know politician like in
public and people like that they say
yeah that's that's the kind of vibe we
want from a leader very professional
doesn't go too far etc but at the same
time we hear that she is she's tough as
nails maybe too tough on her own staff
what do you say about that well it
depends what the job is if the job is
president I'm kind of okay with it
because it's the same thing that you
hear about Trump you hear that he's
tough on his own staff I generally think
that might be a requirement for a good
leader I think a good leader has to be
pretty tough on the staff to to get that
next level of performance and to even
get rid of people who are who are not a
plus so you don't get the A+ if you're
willing to
put up with b-plus work so if Klobuchar
is problem is that she can't handle
b-plus work from a staff that she
expects the be a-plus
that's not much of a problem I mean now
of course we don't know the details of
what's happening behind the scenes but
on the surface it's not as much of a
negative as it could be sort of a
negative that feels a little like a
positive now
yeah she's boring but it looks like
she's solving for that because her last
speech was roundly praised as being
emotional and good and OnPoint
so she's also very smart and she's a
learner you you always you can always be
fooled by the people who can learn and
if you look at where she is right now
compared to the day she you started is
she better I'd say yes I'd say she's
improved and you don't know how far that
can take you in the same way that I
think president Trump has become much
better at being the president even with
all the trouble he gets into but he's
certainly better at it because practice
helps so Klobuchar would be the
strongest contender and if the Democrats
decide to pull together and and go
forward with their strongest candidate I
think it's her but so the the the
unknown is whether the Democrats will
ever pull together and try to get behind
a candidate who actually would have a
legitimate chance of winning I think
Bernie doesn't have a legitimate chance
I think Bloomberg he has more of a shot
than the others he has more of a shot
than most of the others except clover
Church I would say it may be even a
better shot than Klobuchar but if you're
a Democrat do you want to back the guy
who's exactly the opposite of the guy
you want to be your president
he's almost he's almost like slightly
better than Trump you know in your mind
because you say oh it's another old
white guy from New York with a billion
dollars and more
yeah I just don't know he's got enough
contrast to it but Klobuchar has all the
contrast in the world and I don't think
that she would take any crap from the
president she seems tough enough I don't
know and and I've said this before but I
think the one of the things you have to
watch out for is the pendulum effect
because the country always likes to
fight the last war if you know what I
mean so if the thing that's bothering
you at the moment is Trump's personality
there are gonna be a whole lot of people
who say you know I just want something
different and and who's got the closest
to the opposite of his personality
Klobuchar probably she's pretty solid
all right yeah Warren here's my take out
of Warren I don't know that you can well
let me put it this way a little bit of
Warren goes a long way and I think this
is not to do with their gender because I
think I have the same feeling about
Bernie
my problem with Bernie and my problem
with Elizabeth Warren is that they're
both very substantial people you know
substantial records of service
substantial careers smart you know good
leadership qualities very substantial
people but I can't watch them for a long
time do you have that I can watch Bernie
for about a minute and then I just need
to change the channel it's not because I
don't like you know
Bernie's personality or I just can't
watch him I don't know you know it's a
television world and we he's on there
shouting at his old man you know yelling
at the sky stuff I just don't like
watching it by contrast I can sit down
and I can watch an hour of Trump at a
rally
I could watch Trump give a 15 minute
press conference and I'm riffing it the
whole time I'm riveted and you know
Obama had the same the same quality he
could he could
hold the camera like if you know a few
people before him Bill Clinton same
thing I could watch Bill Clinton talk
forever when Bill Clinton would give the
State of the Union that was good stuff
you could watch that like a like you're
watching a good TV show when Ronald
Reagan gives the Kansas State of the
Union you'd cry it was like watching the
best show you never watched you could
watch him for a long time but Elizabeth
Warren can you watch her for 10 minutes
I can't and it doesn't have anything to
do with other policies or her opinions
there's there's something about her and
and just so it doesn't sound sexist I'm
throwing Bernie into my analysis but I
have a very similar feeling about Bernie
minute two minutes of Warren that's
plenty
that's sort of all I need a minute two
minutes of Bernie that's all I need now
this is not the same for let's say
Buddha ginger I could listen to Buddha
judge I can actually I can actually
listen to there's something happening
around here I've hearing something of a
chainsaw hope that's not in my house I
could even listen to Biden for a fairly
long time for a different reason just to
see if he says something crazy but he's
not he's not I don't know he's not hard
to listen to the way bernie is the way
Warren is so that's all I got for that
all right I don't have much else to say
so
I'm going to end here and happy
Valentine's Day and I'll talk to you
later