a bomb hey everybody come on in here
what an amazing day it is we have
achieved the Golden Age it's here it'll
be more obvious in retrospect but let's
be happy it's here and to celebrate the
Golden Age I like to do a little thing
called the simultaneous M it doesn't
take much no it doesn't all you need is
a cup or a mug or a glass of snifter
Stein chalice tanker thermos flask
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the don't put median of the day
the thing that makes everything better
simultaneous it Oh could it get much
better than that well we'll see tomorrow
because it gets better every day so I'm
a couple minutes late for the periscope
because somebody sent me a tweet about
the Turkish military has ordered a bunch
of drones with machine guns that's right
so the drones are not the big jet type
drones but rather than the propeller
types so the Jordan looked to be about
maybe this big and added machine gun
that can hit a 6-inch target from 650
feet away now it was only a matter of
time before drones got machine guns
apparently these drones can also work in
combination so that one operator can
operate three drones and target the same
target imagine if they were hundreds of
them
if you send hundreds of drones into a
battle situation I don't know that they
would lose
sooo the world is definitely going to be
a different place when these drones
become more widespread but one thing
that I could imagine happening is this
well stay with me a little bit and see
if you can connect the dots here I think
you're gonna see mercenary armies that
are just drone operators and and
possibly paid by some kind of
cryptocurrency Bitcoin or something so
it's untraceable I think you're gonna
see just lots of people who have their
own drone and decide to take on you know
the the cartels in Mexico or anything
else terrorists but drones with machine
guns you're going to see a lot of them
and there's almost a hundred percent
chance that you will see drones with
machine guns doing a terrorist attack in
this country pretty much on 2% chance
now I hope there are many of them and I
hope we can figure out how to minimize
it but it's gonna happen as I've long
said I think in the United States
outdoor mass activities where lots of
people go to a stadium I think that
that's probably has a short-timer on it
probably it won't be forever that you
can go to a place with lots of people
because of terrorist attacks so that
that part's nothing Golden Age but so
far has it happened so looking good
Jonathan Turley professor and legal
scholar asked this question by tweet at
what point does someone apologize to
card or page well that's a really good
question because at this point doesn't
everybody agree that Carter page was a
victim of our our own government and
also a victim of the partisan news media
doesn't Carter page deserve like a lot
of apologies now I don't know if he's
gonna be suing anyone
I think Papadopoulos is suing but if
anybody ever had a lawsuit you know even
though I'm not I'm not even sure if it's
legal to sue the FBI or anything I don't
even know what the legalities of that
are but Carter page deserves the biggest
apology anybody ever got in the history
of the world you know now that we know
that Carter page had productively
cooperated and helped both the FBI in
the CIA or somebody says Carter is so
good I hope so knowing that he was
actually not just not a Russian spy but
he had actively worked with our
intelligence services in the past not a
number of times
when you throw somebody under a bus
who's who has worked for your team with
little or no compensation for it just
for the good of the United States and
you throw that guy under the bus I think
you need to go to jail right I would say
that at the end of this whoever was
running Carter page probably is the
candidate for jail assuming that they
knew exactly what they were doing which
which is hard to prove so here's a
strategy for the Democrats I know you
always get upset when I give advice to
the Democrats because you say why are
you giving them advice but trust me the
Democrats are not capable of taking good
advice so I'm gonna tell you what they
should do now but watch them not do it
because not so good at doing the smart
thing all right so here's the problem
that they've gotten themselves into with
this impeachment they had to do the
impeachment or at least try to do it
because there were so many Democrats who
wanted it so it would have been bad to
not do it or at least attempt it but
having done it they've completely
discredited themselves and probably are
going to put all of the demo
we're sort of in Trump parts of the
country there the right great risk of
losing so at this point the house could
actually be flipped by this impeachment
because it's such a sham it's such an
obvious sham that there are probably a
number of people who like who is the
Democrat drew his last name is drew just
changed the Republican because of this
to try to protect himself I'm sure so
here's the strategy that the Democrats
in the Senate should pursue are you
ready
actually I suppose they could do it in
the in the house too because the full
house hasn't voted on the impeachment
articles just the judiciary as I
understand it here's what they should do
instead of sending it to the Senate
where it will obviously be you know
killed if they know it's gonna be killed
here's their best strategy they should
vote a hundred percent every Democrat
against impeachment and they should give
one reason for it
only one reason they should say we still
think he's guilty of all these things
because they've said it for so long they
can't they can't take that back but
there is one thing they can say that a
hundred percent of the world will agree
with are you ready they would agree that
impeachment has to be bipartisan and
they haven't achieved their own standard
for impeachment because remember Pelosi
and and other Democrats even Nadler is
Senate in the past maybe they're on
record and I believe that they would say
it today as well that impeachment has to
be bipartisan so it's one thing that the
Democrats went through all the process
because they could say well you know our
base wanted it which they did and it
exposed all of what they would consider
the the bad behavior of the trunk team
which it did at least their version of
it you know not so much in reality
but in terms of impressions it dug up a
lot of bad feelings about the president
so that was successful from their point
of view if they take it all the way to a
vote they will have damaged the
Constitution set a dangerous precedent
and probably lost the house because it's
gonna be it's gonna be probably just a
slaughter in the 2020 election if they
go ahead and and vote on party lines but
if they were to reverse course and say
let's all of us vote against it on the
first vote they would protect all the
Democrats who were in those in those
districts where their seats are not so
safe because it's sort of trumpet
country would the Democrats be able to
retain some credibility by voting
against their own impeachment because it
didn't meet their own standard I think
they could get away with that because it
wouldn't meet their own standard they've
said as clearly as anybody has said and
every scholar agrees that if it's not
bipartisan it's not a good idea
that's the Democrat standard as well so
they have a complete trapdoor escape
they painted themselves into a corner
but it's a corner that's got a little
trapdoor and the trapdoor is to vote
opposite of what they want and they're
free because they can still claim all
the badness of the president say look we
you know we we demonstrated our case but
the standard in the Constitution the
standard we would like to support going
forward is it's got to be bipartisan we
know we can't achieve that so we will
vote a hundred percent against it based
on one criteria there's not bipartisan
they could do that will they let's call
that the I am Spartacus approach you
know the you know I am Spartacus
everybody said they were Spartacus
because Spartacus was going to be
executed so everybody said no I'm sorry
no I'm Spartacus well this would be an I
am Spartacus play every Democrat just
vote against impeachment and then no
individual Democrat has to worry about
the vote in 2020 now what will happen
because it's too smart so don't expect
him to do that all right
chess master Gary Kasparov tweeted the
following now if you don't know who Gary
Kasparov is he's a critic of President
Trump he's also a critic of Putin and he
thinks that President Trump is promotin
so since he hates Putin he hates Trump
as well I'm oversimplifying but that's
the that's the basic lay of the land
here and here's his tweet he says an
indication how Americans still cannot
comprehend trump and trumpism all right
so this guy who's not an American he's a
Russian is saying there's an indication
of how Americans don't comprehend to
trump and trumpism so right away he is
on shaky ground because he's not an
American but he believes that from his
perspective as a Russian he has a good
insight into the mind of Americans okay
so even before I read the rest of the
tweet there's something wrong here I
mean there's something deeply wrong in
the very first sentence all right but it
goes on so he asked this question he
says why do you think you will leave in
2024 you know beating Trump why do you
think he'll leave office if he gets
reelected and then 2024 his two terms
are over why do you think you will leave
do you think it's because everyone
before him did garry kasparov asks is it
because the GOP would finally stand up
to him Kasparov asks are you willing to
risk your democracy on that bet
Kasparov s so Kasparov believes that
chickens who are essentially competitive
you know it's almost one and one that
they're the supporters of Trump he
thinks that Republicans believes that
the Constitution of the United States is
just a suggestion
think about that garry kasparov a
Russian is telling Americans what we
think about Trump so he's up he's
explaining our own mindset to us and
he's he believes that Republicans think
that the Constitution of the United
States is just sort of a suggestion that
whole two-term thing maybe maybe not
that's what a chess genius
thanks now is there anything that could
be more wrong than imagining that
Republicans think the Constitution of
the United States is well it's just a
suggestion
as many terms as the president was I
mean he's a good president so why
wouldn't we have him as a dictator
there's I can't even imagine like if you
sat down and said alright let's write
see if I can just as a exercise I want
to write the most ridiculous prediction
there is no prediction more ridiculous
than Republicans supporting an enormous
breach of the Constitution of the United
States one that's not ambiguous now I
will I will confess that the
Constitution has some perceived
ambiguity in it and there's plenty of
places that people can argue what it
means or what it should be and we do
that's what the Supreme Court is there
for for deciding but there's nobody in
anywhere in the country not one person
who thinks there's any ambiguity about
the president having two terms
there's nobody thinks that maybe means
three Kasparov what what the hell is
wrong with you
this leads me to my next topic which
I've gotten people are really mad on
Twitter
I call it artist or economist and it's a
game I've been playing on Twitter in
which I look at the quality of
somebody's thinking as expressed in
their tweet and I try to guess if I
check if I click on their profile if it
will say there's some kind of artist
could be writer musician whatever or
economist which is really just the
stand-in for one of the fields where
critical thinking is taught and so I
give you some examples because I've been
playing it last day or so just to see
how it goes now I hope that you've been
doing that too I hope you've been trying
look at look at it just the most
ridiculous thinking and then just click
on the profile and see what kind of job
background they have now this of course
is something that's inspired by my book
loser think the main point of loser
think is not that artists are dumb and
economists are smart nothing like that
they're both smart and in fact can be
geniuses in their own field the only
point is if you don't have a little bit
of exposure to a number of fields you
have the blind spot and how to think
about your world productively and you
wouldn't know it so the the fact that
you wouldn't know it is the important
part because the fact that you don't
know you have a blind spot is what makes
you say things in public that don't make
any damn sense because you don't know
you just don't know that you don't make
any damn sense but an economist might a
scientist might a lawyer might there are
professions in which they would spot it
immediately let me give you some
examples here's a tweet from Bree
Newsome bass blue check person didn't
know anything about her and she says the
following I'm going to keep saying this
to you all Trump is being impeached
however when the Senate refuses to
remove him he will effectively be a
dictator we then have an entire year of
Trump dictatorship and a slim chance of
having a free and fair election alright
so now that comment is so irrational
that I said to myself huh artist
I click on the profile what's the first
word and the profile artist now again
I'm not saying that Bree Newsome bass is
dumb far from it
my understanding is she's a very
successful artist so art is one of the
many ways in which you could have genius
she may actually be a genius within her
field my only point is that if you don't
have exposure to other fields you don't
know what you don't know let me give you
another one here is somebody who tweeted
at me based on this idea laughing my ass
off at the idea of the economics
departments teach critical thinking so
there was somebody who tweeted at me
laughing that learning economics would
teach you critical thinking now I'm not
saying that economics is critical
thinking I'm saying that you pick up a
number of thinking let's say styles and
techniques when you study economics for
example you would learn what a sunk cost
is and how to analyze it you would learn
how to compare things rationally as
opposed to looking at one thing and
saying it's good or bad you'd say well
compared to what that's an economics
style of thinking you would also know
that money received in the future would
have to be discounted back to the
President to know how much it's actually
worth today very basic stuff those are
just some simple things
supply and demand very basic stuff so
who would who would tweet it be in
public and suggest that understanding
economics doesn't teach you any critical
thinking what kind of person would tweet
such a thing would they be an artist or
maybe an economist is it an economist
who knows exactly what economics is and
is criticizing it
or is it an artist who doesn't know
anything about economics
I click on it a student and contributing
editor anthropology student and
contributing editor contributing editor
means writer artists okay here's one I'm
not going to tell you who tweeted it
just see it just see the rationality of
the tweet every elected Republican knows
okay
so first of all the first part of the
sentence every elected Republican knows
you know that whatever follows that it's
going to be right so every
elected Republican knows that this
president is guilty of countless
impeachable offenses countless but they
along with many white evangelicals and
white supremacists have made a pact with
Putin that's right Republicans are and
white evangelicals and white
supremacists they love their Putin so
they made a pact with Putin but unlike a
pact with the devil
this one can can be unsigned meaning
that it could be reversed now what kind
of person makes a tweet like that is it
an engineer is it scientists economists
somebody with good critical thinking
skills or click on the profile it's Rob
Reiner a writer and producer artist all
right so after I explained to my critic
on Twitter with this tweet I said
economics teaches the person who said
that it doesn't teach you critical
thinking
I said economics teaches how to compare
things the value of money over time sunk
costs and that sort of thing
so I was giving us three examples of
things you would learn when you studied
economics that would help you understand
your world and think better so somebody
comes in after my tweet explaining three
specific things that obviously help you
think better I don't know how you could
doubt that
and he says that's what critical
thinking means folks it means and then
he says a parenthetically squint set
wiki entry
it means sunk costs folks so this is
somebody mocking me for suggesting that
that studying economics teaches you how
to think better is this somebody who
understands economics is this somebody
use a scientist or an engineer perhaps
click on profile profession writer
alright I got a message from Joel Stein
who wrote a book recently called the in
what is it in defense of the elite or
something anyway I'm a chapter in that
book and he wrote he tweeted at me he
said hey I'm confused because you told
me when I interviewed you that economics
is but now you're all over
Twitter saying economics teaches you how
to think better explain that Joel Stein
is a writer and so I did explain to him
and I explained it this way if you're
talking about economic projections over
80 years that's complete and
lots of the economic theories and models
have now stood up over time that's all
true and it's also true that you can
study economics and then you don't
really go forward it and do a lot of
economics but it does teach you how to
think critically so forget about the
prediction models that are ridiculous it
does teach you how to think like wise
well I'm not going to make that analogy
yet Jule Styne a writer he was confused
about why economics could help you think
better it's a blind spot
Shimada is making the argument as Joel
Pollock points out in his excellent
article in Breitbart that Rachel Maddow
and others are taking the Ukraine hoax I
guess I'm not sure I would call it hoax
is more of a making something out of
nothing she's tying that to the Russia
collusion to prove Russian collusion so
the thinking here is that if the
president withheld aid from Ukraine the
real reason the real reason was not just
investigating Biden but the real reason
was to to help Russia so the Ukraine
would be less defended now apparently
they're thinking here from Rachel Maddow
and others is that even though every
part of Russia collusion has been
debunked there's still sort of a pattern
in this been created and that the
Ukraine thing adds to the pattern so
it's a pattern made up of things which
are all individually debunked and yet it
forms a pattern now I'm D I don't know
if Rachel Maddow has studied economics
or engineering or science he is
ridiculously smart and well-educated so
I have to think she had a little
exposure to those things now when you're
talking about as somebody who's a pundit
in an advocate on television things they
say you don't have to assume they mean
because they're they're making a case
more than they're telling you the news
but that doesn't seem rational to me
I've got a feeling that that's I've got
a feeling that Rachel Maddow does not
have experience with some of the
critical thinking fields but in her case
she's a special case because she's a an
advocate or a pundit for a side so you
don't expect them necessarily to stick
to the facts let's say somebody else
tweeted economics aren't real I think
the point being that economics don't
help you think better and I clicked on
his profile he is a writer here's
somebody else who tweeted at me who said
I haven't met many economist capable of
critical thinking sir
so he's he's polite guy he's with
somebody who follows me might be on this
periscope right now now if you're an
economist or a scientist or an engineer
and somebody makes this and says this
statement I haven't met many economists
capable of critical thinking you say to
yourself is that evidence it's sort of
anecdotal isn't it and moreover if you
are not yourself an economist or trained
in critical thinking how would you know
The Economist's are not capable of
critical thinking because you would be
judging them against your own opinion of
what good critical thinking is and maybe
you haven't studied it here's the thing
everybody believes that they're good
critical thinkers everyone but only some
people are and it's the only the people
who've studied it for the most part I
suppose you could be a some kind of
natural genius or something but critical
thinking you have to learn it's not
something that you just born with so
this person who said I haven't met many
economists capable of critical thinking
and he ended it comment sir so I'm going
to be polite to him because he was
played to me on Twitter but I clicked on
his profile and he's a writer
alright there's another one yeah never
mind I got enough of those so has
anybody else played that game yet has
anybody played the artist or economist
game yet and somebody says do Krugman so
Krugman is a special case all right
Craig means a special case because he's
a an advocate so again like Rachel
Maddow like Sean Hannity like Krugman
there there are certain public figures
that you just have to say well
even if they thought they were wrong
they might still make the best case they
can for their side so they're a little
different than just people on Twitter
who are a little more a little more
authentic I would say so Krugman the
thing that Krugman was wrong about was
an economic forecast what did I just
tell you economics is not so good for
economic forecasting that's the part
that Krugman gets wrong because nobody
can do it it's not even a thing but if I
said to you can Paul Krugman if he wants
to write and if he wants to as the
important part could he look at a day an
argument or a situation with good
critical thinking and the answer is yes
yes in his private moments if there's no
political element nobody's watching and
he's just looking at some information
probably better than most people because
his economics training would indeed give
him that skill all right I tweeted that
there are no undecided senators on the
Sham Pietschmann question there are only
shitty actors with lemon faces who want
you to believe they are quote solemnly
agonizing over the decision I you know
I've said this before politics is all bs
and you expect that you know people are
exaggerating and you know they're lying
and you know there's hyperbole and you
just expect it from basically every
politician but what you don't see as
often is people who are literally trying
to act usually when a politician says a
lie they're just they're just their
usual self
so if Sutton so if President Trump says
it doesn't matter who it is whatever a
politician they when they they lie
normally they lie with their normal
personality their normal attitude their
normal presentation but what's different
with this impeachment impeachment stuff
is that the demic
has literally need to practice lying
with the right face to pretend that they
think it's serious
none of them think it's serious is just
to get rid of Trump it's a convenience
it's it's a technique is something they
thought would work but there's certainly
nobody who believes their own solemn
face which I call lemon face named after
Don Lemon who makes a certain kind of
face when he talks about the president
where his supporters like the sour it
looks like a lemon you know I just
sucked on a lemon President Trump and
his supporters so that's the main thing
every time you see a story about an
alleged Democrat who has not yet made up
their mind they are lying they are lying
there's nobody who hasn't made up their
mind because it's not really that
complicated it's fairly straightforward
so there's nobody who hasn't made up
their mind that they're all liars Alan
Dershowitz got a little TV time in which
he demolished the second of the two
impeachment charges he just wiped it off
the table
and here's Dershowitz his point which
until you hear it it's not so obvious
but after you hear it you go oh my God
why did I need Dershowitz to tell me
this it was right there you and I could
have seen it just as easily as
Dershowitz it but we didn't what does
that tell you it tells you that being a
constitutional scholar gives you a
better view of the field because
Dershowitz thought he saw clearly he saw
it immediately because he has the right
background Alan Dershowitz does not
suffer from loser think now he's a
writer a very successful writer writes a
lot of books has a new one out here it's
good but he also has obviously a broader
exposure to things because when he
thinks it's always good critical
thinking every time
here is this point and it goes like this
well the second impeachment charge was
that it was it was a obstruction of
Congress and the idea is that the
president was not submitting his people
and I think his documents has requested
to the Democrats now the president and
his team said well let the Supreme Court
decide and the Democrats said heck with
that we're just gonna make it an
impeachment point and go with it now
Dershowitz his point which is obviously
true after you hear it is this the
Supreme Court on a totally different
matter
just decided that they would hear the
question of whether President Trump's
tax returns could be made available to
the Democrats and their investigation
the fact that the Supreme Court has
recognized in a very direct way that
this dispute between the impeaches and
the president can can be decided by the
Supreme Court we know that because the
Supreme Court just said oh we'll decide
so you don't have to wonder anymore is
it the Supreme Court job because the
Supreme Court just told you it's their
job and when the Supreme Court says yes
this is our job that's the end of the
conversation it's their job because they
get to say what their job is their job
is to say what their job is is sense I'm
that's not exactly true so Dershowitz is
completely right the precedent is as
clear as clear as day the Supreme Court
has just ruled that the second
impeachment item is now they
didn't rule on the impeachment item they
ruled on something that's so close to it
because it's literally the same question
can can the president refuse to give
something to the same group of Democrats
for the same reason it's done that was
off the table so what what that leaves
them with what that leaves them with is
let's say so if obstruction of Congress
is off the table that leaves them with
abuse of power and the abuse of power is
asking for an investigation into
Brisbane which Democrats have admitted
in the public you know the attorney that
was representing the Democrats Johnson I
think it was said that burr is Moe was
absolutely worth looking into that's it
that's the whole game folks the whole
game was did the president have a
legitimate national interest in looking
into the Brisman thing and the people
who want to impeach him just said yes at
their own at their own hearing it's not
even like I had to go look for a
document I didn't look for a tweet he
made a year ago nothing like that
it was the actual impeachment hearings
where the main guy representing the
Democrats said unambiguously yes that
was worth looking into there's nothing
left all they have left is why didn't he
do it sooner do you know who has a
chapter in their excellent best-selling
book about why it's stupid to say why
didn't he do a sooner this guy because
why didn't you do it sooner applies to
everything that that's what you say when
you've got nothing left why didn't you
do it sooner now similarly why didn't
you do it with other countries and the
answer is the same if the president
could have done this sooner or done in a
different way wouldn't you've done it
it's sort of somewhat obvious that
getting on the phone with the president
of Ukraine is not the first thing you do
that's not the first thing you try
obviously you try it at you know at the
lower level and obviously that wasn't
working otherwise the president wouldn't
have been involved in a job that was
properly delegated to the underlings if
they could get it done and obviously
they couldn't let's talk about rather so
I know a lot of you have turned against
Saturday Night Live because they're
there
all bent but you got to give it another
shot I I would I would suggest that you
take a second look at Saturday Night
Live because you're not really seeing
the absolute left-leaning
humor that you used to see they have
definitely staked out a middle position
where they're mocking both sides and I
think they're doing a really good job
it's like I would say this is one of
their strongest seasons at least on the
political stuff I don't watch the rest
but on the political stuff really good
here's an example
SNL just made fun of Greta tunberg or
thunder whatever it is and you know you
just saw in the news everybody was
saying how can the president you know
mock Greta what kind of a monster is
President Trump for a mean tweet about
Greta
she's only 16 how can you do this and
then Saturday night life has Kate
McKenna playing Greta now it again it
wasn't it wasn't like a you know some
kind of a dark insult to her it was a
playful version of it but it was still
making fun of a kid and any way you look
at it so I think SNL kind of took the
president's side without taking sides
what I mean by that is they've obviously
because they didn't agree that Greta is
fair game
as long as you're being gentle about it
I think we would all agree that being 16
does tell you that your attacks should
be a little moderated all right I think
that's fair but she did get in the
Octagon by herself and she did she has
performed like any adult and she can
obviously take it I mean the only reason
that she is as famous as she is is that
she does seem to have a lot of the
qualities that an average adult would
have a meaning toughness you know
motivation and all that stuff so I think
it's perfectly fair for Saturday Night
Live to have a little fun with her same
as with
let's talk about North Korea North Korea
just sent a signal to the United States
that is the best thing I've seen yet I'm
gonna read the sentence and I want you
to see if you can find the hidden signal
okay
North Korea is frustrated by what it
perceives and so this is a paraphrase
but I think it's accurately paraphrasing
North Korea's opinion it perceives the
lack of flexibility and creativity from
US negotiators read between the lines
what does it mean when North Korea is
signaling that there's a lack of
flexibility and creativity creativity is
the key word here from US negotiators
what what do you think that is telling
us asking for a better deal well that's
obvious yes there's a way to get there
they're willing to negotiate and they
think that the only thing missing is
creativity
when people say that they want a deal
and you know you don't say a lack of
creativity unless you're still in the
constructive party you're thinking all
right if you've given up you say
different stuff you don't you you don't
give the people that you're negotiating
with a clear signal of what it would
take and he's saying how about some
creativity now I'm gonna make a
statement that if history repeats my
critics will take out of context and
they'll the out of context this will
sound crazy in context not so much and
here's the claim if you give me a week
with the North Korean negotiators I'll
get you a deal so that's the part my
trolls will take out of context and
they'll say all cartoons thinks he came
back at the
why do you think you can make a bail why
do they think that here's why
north Korea has told us that creativity
is what's missing I believe that is
exactly what's missing we are
approaching them the way we normally
approach them because all the people
doing the work are probably standard
people doing standard stuff standard
people are not capable of creativity
creativity is something that's rare
President Trump is capable of creativity
and you saw that when the president said
let's all just go meet with Kim jong-un
all I'll stop by and we'll walk over the
DMZ and shake hands what would you call
that if not creativity that's creativity
Trump did what other people couldn't
imagine he simply imagined it and then
he executed that's creativity the reason
that the negotiations are failing is
because the only two creative people
aren't talking directly Kim is clearly
has some creative ideas because he's
using the that word is like let's keep
let's be creative
president Trump is completely capable of
being creative he's proven it already by
he's not directly talking to Kim so
you've got all the people in between who
don't know how to be creative trying to
solve a creative problem you can't send
on creative people to solve a creative
problem and and Kim has just called it
out he just said basically he's saying
that you got the wrong guys on it
wouldn't you say when he says they
lacked flexibility and creativity he's
talking about the negotiators
specifically he's really saying that if
you had better negotiators we would
already have a deal do you know what I a
hundred percent agree agree with kim
jeong-hoon I don't want to you know it's
not I didn't wake up this morning and
say huh I think I'll take sides with a
you know North Korea over the United
States of America I don't want to but on
this point I'm close to positive that
he's right
that the thing that's missing is
creativity let me give you an example
this is something I said before but I
believe that creativity involves
reframing our relationship with North
Korea the following way if we're trying
to simply disarm them like Libya while
at the same time we're in a state of war
and we have our army on their border
should we expect them to negotiate no I
wouldn't I would not expect North Korea
to offer a deal under the current
situation I wouldn't so why would he I
don't even think he should make the deal
if I were Kim jong-un I would say I'm
not making this deal you've offered me
nothing creative so I would suggest the
following that we end our formal state
of war that's been in place for decades
I guess and just end it that is very
creative in terms of a first move but I
suppose the negotiators would say no you
can't give them something until he gives
us something that's that's the way to
failure
you have to reinterpret the entire
situation away from what it is into a
new frame you can solve it in a new
frame you can't solve it in the old
frame and that's where everybody's stuck
here's the new frame you ready North
Korea is a natural ally of the United
States that's it North Korea is a
natural ally of the United States now of
course we would like them to be better
on human rights and all that other stuff
but we're also allies with Turkey we're
also allies with Saudi Arabia they do
some we don't like but they're also
natural allies North Korea their biggest
risk is China obviously you don't think
China is the biggest risk to North Korea
what is the biggest risk to the United
States well China China is a natural
adversary to North Korea and they seem
to be
natural adversary to the United States
if our negotiators are trying to simply
find a stable peace with North Korea
they're idiots that's too strong they're
probably very smart people but they're
not creative a creative deal and I swear
to God I can almost see it in the sense
in in the word creativity I think I
think Kim jong-un is saying offer us a
deal to be your ally and we'll pour in
it point our nukes in the other
direction now I don't know how you could
be sure that North Korea would actually
target China but I've made this point
before we're also not sure that Israel
doesn't have their nukes targeting the
United States except that they would
have no reason
so simply having no reason is the best
assurance you could have North Korea
right now has a very good reason to
point their nukes at the United States
they have a good reason let's take it
away if we keep them with their good
reason to have nukes why would we ask
them to get rid of them that's not even
a smart negotiating you have to take
away the reason that's what President
Trump has the creativity to do by saying
let's talk let's just take away the
reason I'm your friend
we could talk we can work this out we
can make North Korea rich and prosperous
with investment that is creative
whenever the negotiators are doing or
just doing what lower-level people think
they can do within their within their
realm they're not really authorized to
be creative do you think that there's
any negotiator who would have the
authority to say to North Korea you know
maybe we're maybe we're aiming low
instead of just not fighting why don't
we join teams because you've got a
strong team
you've got nukes for God's sakes how
would you like to have a country with
nukes on your team on the border of
China well I suppose
South Korea qualifies but why not
another one so here's what's wrong
that's the bottom line the bottom line
is that I believe that when Kim uses
word creativity he is saying to us
directly make me an ally because that's
what's left right
you know Amir you do this we do this
never is gonna work it looks like do
something creative take take a bigger
risk all right
doo doo doo
I think that's all I wanted to talk
about is there anything else happening
scary thought
North Korea as an ally well is it a
scary thought that Saudi Arabia is an
ally is a scary thought that turkey is
an ally you know is it a scary thought
that Mexico is an ally think about it
Mexico is full of cartels sending us
sending us you know crime and fentanyl
but Mexico's an ally all right so I
think we have to change the frame and
say what would it look like
with North Korea just to be on our team
because we should be building our team
if we believe that China is the long-run
risk then our team should have Russia on
it we should have Russia on our team
Russia is a natural ally to the United
States we have no common borders we have
no reason we have no reason to be at war
we don't have any reason to be pointing
nukes at each other
Russia what's the reason there's none
they're not gonna be attacking you know
Europe now I will all agree that if if
Europe were a soft target you might have
an opportunistic Putin thing but we're
not going to make Europe you know a soft
target I don't think that's going to
happen but I think we should be moving
Russia and North Korea into our at least
militarily allied side because they're
natural allies
they are stopping the nuke program right
so the point is there may be no path
that gets us to a non-nuclear North
Korea but we don't worry about nuclear
powers that are our allies because
they're just not pointing their nukes in
our direction now we could also help
them move there oh and the other thing I
said the other day let me say more about
that
I was jokingly but not jokingly just to
sort of shake the box saying that it
would be fun for the United States to to
surrender to North Korea because if we
surrender then Kim has a victory and
they can go tell his people all right
our nukes worked we did everything we
want to do let's let's make friends with
them now because we've defeated them
militarily could you make a statement
the Kim could could interpret that way
but wouldn't be exactly that I think he
could I think you could word a peace
declaration that would say for example
it would say we're recognizing that
North Korea is so strong that it would
be unwise for us to get into a military
conflict with them and thus we would
like to surrender well no don't use the
word surrender and thus we would like to
offer a complete cessation of military
whatever if we said something worded
sort of that way could Kim say yeah they
surrendered even though we don't use the
word surrender probably because that's
one of the ways to slice this thing you
want to give both sides a different
story that's based on the same set of
facts it's hard to do but that would be
the example so you declare a peace you
say it's because North Korea is nuclear
and very strong you say it because it's
true right that's a true fact that we
don't want to get in a fight with him
you could also say we would prefer to be
allies thank you and Kim can say look I
made them I we built up our nuclear
power we stared him down they back down
and
and they had to declare peace because
they were afraid of us would that be
wrong not really that would be close
enough to true so I think that would be
one way to go anyway when the
negotiators are accused of being not
creative enough that is your signal that
Kim wants a deal you just wants a little
more creativity so let's let's see if we
could give that to him all right and
I'll talk to you oh there's a question
on here wonderful the periscopes with
christina start we're planning to record
one today which probably will be
recorded but we've planned to record it
a few other times and run into technical
and other difficulties so we'll see if
we can make it work today and I will
talk to you tomorrow