hey everybody come on in here you're all
still alive
Corona some coronavirus hasn't gotten
you yet stay strong stay with me we will
get through this all right
before we begin shall we begin on a good
note a positive note the best note there
ever was yes it's called the
simultaneous hip and all you need all
you need is a copper mercury glass
Integra chelators taina can't injector
flasks a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't be inhibited today
the thing that makes absolutely
everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip go
prospects a rising stock market is
getting stronger coronaviruses is
getting handled yes that was a good set
mm-hmm turkey seems to be getting rid of
bad people hmm yeah pretty good set
let's talk about the news all the news
so yesterday I tried buy new equipment
that you see behind me it's called
Wirecast a gear and it's meant to allow
me to do split-screen livestream
broadcasting but it has so many options
for doing that that it's taken me
literally months to figure out which
ways to do it there's several ways to do
it and they all have one thing in common
they don't work every time
so I spent nine thousand dollars on this
gear to solve one problem which is that
I could not reliably have two people up
and hear them and see them and do it
interview so nine thousand dollars and
three months later I have determined
through trial and error and document
station and working with tech support
that none of the at least three
different methods for doing that work
every time so you can't really set up an
interview and schedule it with anybody
who's notable if you have a technology
that doesn't work every time and we
can't really say why maybe it's because
the version change or Skype upgraded
used to be compatible but now it's not
so that was nine thousand dollars of
wasted money so we work we probably
won't be doing any interviews with that
technology anyway but let's talk about
some other things there's a little
update on the Eddie Gallagher story he's
the seal who was convicted for taking a
picture with a dead soldier and posing
with it which is a big no-no in terms of
military professionalism but independent
of the events in the story which are
less interesting to me I would like to
make the following let's say
philosophical lied in the sand and it
goes like this
Eddie Gallagher took part in the
photograph that the public should never
have seen but Eddie Gallagher did not
show the photograph to the public he
showed it to I don't know a friend or
something like that he did not I don't
believe he posted it on social media
I believe his intention was that
somebody personal to him would see it
now would the person who he sent it to
be offended by the picture probably not
because he would have picked somebody
who he knew would not be offended
presumably now that was his total crime
in my opinion yeah at least in terms of
the photograph part of the story the
total crime was that he sent it to one
person I think one person in order a few
privately I think that's what he should
be I think that's all the only thing he
should be
accused of and would it have any impact
on the world
if one friend saw an inappropriate
photograph of the answer's no
so what Eddie Gallagher intended to do
he did it poorly because the photograph
got out but what he intended to do was
harmless relatively you know so you
don't want anybody taking that kind of
picture obviously it could have had an
impact on the people who are local when
it happened the other the other military
etc so it's not it's not trouble-free
but it's a small problem once that photo
became public the small problem turned
into a really quite a serious one and
one that somebody should go to jail for
and I think the person should be the
person who released the photograph so I
think the person who should go to jail
is the person who put that in the public
and I'm going to say this as a general
statement about photographs and quotes
and jokes we should develop this
standard it doesn't exist right now we
allow something really really stupid to
happen and destroy lives every day and
it's just stupidity and it goes like
this two people are having a private
conversation one of them says something
that doesn't offend the person they're
talking to because they understand the
concept and maybe they're just not easy
to offend but then they tell somebody
they reprint the text or they post the
meme they tell you what somebody said
and suddenly the context has changed and
now that innocent statement made by the
original person innocent in the sense
that it was never intended to hurt it
was intended to be private but once
somebody makes that public I feel it was
super strong about this point they have
to take responsibility from what happens
from that point on the person who
broadcasts it should go to jail not the
person who sent it to one person
privately that's just bad that's bad you
don't want it discourage it you know
depending on the message but it's
nowhere near it's not anywhere near the
amount of evil and badness of the person
who produced the picture for the public
that's that's a level of evil that I
can't I can't tolerate alright so with
that said I'm a hundred percent in favor
of president Trump's let's say generous
generous treatment of Eddie Gallagher
alright let's talk about Oprah I swear
the simulation just keeps giving us
little gifts you probably have all seen
the viral video of Oprah falling down
onstage I guess or she had some heels on
that were poorly designed did she
actually trapped just over her own feet
or slept on him some down and fell got a
little bit injured she has to ice her
leg doesn't look bad now there's nothing
funny about somebody falling on stage
does you've seen a lot of people who've
had serious injuries falling on stage
there's nothing funny about it unless
the moment you fall the topic you're
talking about is balance because that's
what happened
Oprah was literally walking on stage
alone just her on stage talking about
how important it is to have balance and
then she lost her balance and fell on
her face on stage now again she was a
little bit hurt and that's not funny
unless unless she was talking about
balance at the time she fell
I'm sorry Oprah I love Oprah no offense
intended
I'm sorry Oprah really I am what it's a
little bit funny right I mean let's
let's reverse it let's do the let's do
the thing where you say okay if that had
happened to me if I had been talking
about balance and fell on my ass on
stage and hurt myself you know but not
badly you know just need a little ice
what I think that was funny as people
were laughing at me and the answer is
yeah I would I would totally think that
was funny
I would I would retweet that myself
because that would be pretty hilarious
actually even if I were hurt as long as
it wasn't that bad you know just a just
a bruise I would like to introduce a new
law I call the Adams law of Amazon book
reviews and it goes like this that if
there's a book now this might not apply
to other goods but this applies to the
books if there's a book that has over a
hundred reviews which means there are
enough reviews to assume it's not just
trolls right so over a hundred means
it's probably real people most of them
anyway and over half of the reviews are
five stars meaning that a lot of those
hundred people think it's a terrific
book and I'm not talking about my box
I'm just talking books in general if
over half of them think it's a five-star
terrific book every one-star review
comes from a troll an idiot or somebody
with an agenda which could be the same
they could overlap but I've never seen
what I consider a legitimate one-star
review for a book could be for other
things because you know tools are
different for different people etc but
legitimate one-star review I've never
seen it on something that also had more
than half of them five-star reviews so
just keep that in mind now is it true
every single time probably not but it's
close if you look at one-star reviews of
books a lot of times it's obvious they
haven't read the book and sometimes they
even say that there are one-star reviews
that I get all the time all the time
from people who say in the review they
haven't read the book and they say
there's something about me that they
hate so they give me a one-star review
happens all the time now they don't last
because people complain and get rid of
them but a lot of the reviews are just
fake you should know that in other news
big rich guy hedge fund guy Paul singer
is trying to oust Jack Dorsey from his
CEO role at Twitter the stock market
seems to like that because Twitter stock
is up 8%
now I always wondered how long it would
last the jack could have to CEO jobs you
know simultaneously CEO of square and
Twitter and I guess as long as things
are going well that's fine but people
are complaining the Twitter's not making
as much money as they think you should
so at this point that becomes a target
and I guess Jack Dorsey is sent these
planning to spend six months a year in
Africa while running two companies in
the United States I had to see a little
trouble coming right I don't have any
opinion about whether Jack could pull
that off in other words could he
successfully run two American companies
while spending six months a year in
Africa and the answer is maybe I know he
started up two of the most important
countries companies in the country
successfully would you bet against it
you know if Jack had been part of one
gigantic billion-dollar company you'd
say well maybe he got lucky maybe worked
with good partners you know which is
getting lucky but if you're part of two
that you were part of the startup and
they're both billion-dollar companies
and doing pretty well well maybe there
is something about you right I mean I
wouldn't rule out that Jack has some
talents that maybe Paul singer is is
blind to but I'm not sure that Paul
singer is entirely about the money in
this case because if you don't know Paul
singer is and correct me if I'm wrong I
believe he's one of the wealthiest most
active anti choppers so I believe he's
Republican anti-trump ur type would you
want somebody who's anti Trump but
conservative in this case to have more
control over Twitter I don't know is
that better or worse than whatever the
situation is now it doesn't sound good
but I don't know necessarily
it's worse so that little fights going
on we'll keep an eye on that you know
Twitter is not like any other product in
my opinion and I don't use Facebook so
maybe I mean I use it just to look at
other people's photos but I don't really
look at any political stuff there it
seems to me that Twitter is like the
brain of the planet meaning that if
Twitter doesn't like something it's
probably not going to happen
meaning the majority of Twitter users
and if the majority of Twitter users do
like something probably will happen I
think Twitter is the the dog that's
wagging the tail at this point it's not
I don't think Twitter is any longer just
people talking about things that are
happening that's how it started but at
this point I think Twitter is what's
making things happen that's a big
difference so Twitter isn't like any
other American company and at some point
we may have to recognize that in terms
of you know what the public is
comfortable with in terms of their board
of directors and everything else it
wouldn't be bad to have some diversity
on the board of the of the political
type and I don't know if that's I don't
know if that's the case but it would be
good damn it all right Jack Welsh died
today at age 84 here's why that's more
important than you would think of course
it's important when a business icon dies
it's always big news but he died at 84
here are the ages that these candidates
for president would be if they finished
a second term and and a second term is
really the only reason you should elect
a president in my opinion why would you
ever vote for a president that you
believed would be limited to one term
wouldn't that be just a terrible choice
because if you want your party to really
make a difference you can see with this
president that you can do a lot in four
years
but eight years is a big difference
almost double some would say you know
you have that lame-duck thing so it's
not quite double but it's more why would
anybody nominate a candidate for
president who couldn't reasonably be
expected to finish two terms if that
person did well so here are the ages of
Biden he would be 85 if he finished a
second term Bloomberg 86 Bernie 86 Jack
Welsh died at 84 now do you think that
Jack Welsh was a hundred percent
mentally capable of you know let's say
being a president at age
I don't 82 I don't know probably not
probably not so this is the sort of
thing that adds context to what you are
already thinking and this Jack Welsh
death might mean more than you think
because of his he has a very
coincidental age and he's let's say by
not by association but let's say by
importance and Gravatt gravitas and wait
there's something about Jack Welsh which
is similar to a president right he was a
CEO of you know one of the biggest
companies most famous business person so
in our minds we sort of put him in that
same category as like a President of the
United States you know different job but
same like high-level kind of dude in
this case a dude and I think it does
matter to our sense of context and
contrast because those are very
influential then you see somebody that
reminds you of these other people
they're they're sort of you know old
white guys who run stuff and that he
died at 80 former I think it matters I
think the ages of the candidates are
going to be a real big issue all right
there is a little bit of disagreement
about whether Jack Walsh was the
greatest business person in the world or
bastard
I have a little mixed feelings about it
usually don't talk poorly of people on
the same day that they die but I'm going
to make an exception for Jack Welsh and
I'm going to make an exception for him
because part of his management genius
was cruelty cruelty the the the G method
was too fired the year 10% worse workers
no matter what every year he was
probably the cruelest leader that we've
seen he also shipped a lot of his jobs
to China with no apology and I believe
that a lot of his success this part I'm
going to say I don't know this to be
true so fact check this because I don't
want to libel him on the day that he
dies
can you libel somebody if they're dead I
don't even know if that's the thing but
there's there's at least some suggestion
that he destroyed the company in other
words that he built up profits through
the the financial part of the company
then they weren't as real as they needed
to be so somebody needs to fact check me
on that but be very very skeptical of
anything you see today that says he was
he was great for this country
just be skeptical about that maybe he
was maybe wasn't and again I wouldn't
say this about somebody on the day that
they died except that the reason he's
famous is for being the bastard so you
know I just don't have any sympathy for
him frankly I saw video Don jr. tweeted
around in which Joe Biden promised some
people that I know some gathering he was
speaking to that he would raise their
taxes and here's the funny part I
couldn't tell if it was a gaffe he
looked at the crowd and he said he
promised somebody was good or you would
raise their taxes was that a gaffe
because I can't tell because I'm pretty
sure he wants to raise taxes but I
thought he was talking about the
and here's the interesting part if I had
to guess I would guess it's a gaffe
unless he's saying I'm being honest with
you I'm gonna raise your taxes a little
bit so we can have universal healthcare
but here's the funny thing I can't tell
Oh somebody says watch the whole clip
and then it would be obvious to me so
but here's the point the point is that
you can't tell that's the funny part all
right
the funny part is you don't even know if
it's a gaffe or it's real if you can't
tell if somebody is gaffing or telling
you what they really intend to tell you
that's not a strong candidate it's not
so as Kyle Caffrey noted on Twitter
probably other people have had this idea
but I like it that Bernie Biden in
Bloomberg who seemed like you know the
three most likely candidates they're
literally the B team Bernie Biden and
Bloomberg though all with ABI
now of course Sanders starts with an S
but we call him Bernie so they're
literally the B team again Oprah falls
down when she's talking about balance
and the last three candidates for the
Democrats who don't look that strong are
literally the B team I love the
simulation how many times have I told
you in different contexts that in
hypnosis class we learned that people
tell you exactly what they're really
thinking by their choice of words
so they can be telling you a is true a
is true of a is true but sometimes the
choice of words in which they're telling
you a is true is really to tell you they
mean B is true and you can see this a
lot so you look for the words they
choose not just the message that they're
communicating and you see this with
Buddha judge when he dropped out of the
race you all know that Buddha judge
dropped down and his argument is that he
says it fairly directly that it's to
consolidate support with a candidate who
is not Bernie basically so that they
could make
be Trump so Buddha jej talks about
beating Trump Biden says beat Trump
Bloomberg says beat Trump if you ask
them why they're running for president
they say be we want to beat Trump what
if that's what they mean what what if
you actually took their words and said
okay what if I were you know if there
were no context here and now we're just
looking at these words what if I just
looked at the words and said okay they
mean exactly what they're saying this is
the hypnotist trick and what they're
saying is that that's their top priority
is beating Trump what's missing from
that anything that's good for you
where's the part where they're gonna
help you where is the part they're gonna
make you richer where's the part where
they're gonna make you safer where's the
part where they can make you happier
where's the part where they're gonna I
don't know improve the military reduce
crime give you more health care now at
least Bernie and Elizabeth Warren are
are actually famous for their specific
policies and I give them that that's as
a lot to do with weather
why at least Bernie is doing well is
that he's got very bold policies even
even people who absolutely don't want
him to be president the people like
talker Carlson I just saw him somewhat
complementary say Bernie Sanders is bold
whatever else you want to say about him
his vision is bold as hell all right
can't take that away from and we like
that we'd like bold but it's clear that
the that the more conservative side the
the Biden Bloomberg Budaj edge Bernie
part without the Bernie part that they
really do only have one goal which is to
beat Trump do you want to vote for
somebody whose philosophy is we know
that Trump is a monster who will destroy
the world but here's the weird part it
doesn't happen in the first four years
for some reason there's a timer on it
for years well those are free the way
the league is reelected oh we told you
aborted orange man bad and we meant it
but what we meant was not the force for
years because if if the if the Democrats
were running against Trump's record they
would run against his record wouldn't
they if that's the purpose of trying to
get elected is to help you and run
against his record and run against the
things he's broken and fix them I
believe they would say those things if
they thought the public was ready to
accept them but instead and this is the
hypnotists trick they say over and over
again as clearly as possible their top
priority is to beat Trump do you want a
president whose top priority was simply
to beat the other guy I can't think of a
worse president that would be among the
worst reasons for anybody to ever be a
president complete waste of time
Bloomberg is going to spend a billion
dollars or whatever just a beat to beat
Trump that just feels personal doesn't
doesn't it just feel personal it no
longer in there no longer even looks
like you know they're they're even
trying to be you know political even it
just looks personal Budaj edge quit gave
his little speech I really enjoyed his
husband cheston's little introductory
speech I thought that Chaston was very
likable and I would give him well maybe
this is too bold I'll say it anyway
chastened Buddha judge for Nobel Peace
Prize now think about it think about it
now if you didn't see the speech that
doesn't mean that's pretty confusing
but according to chasten I believe I
believe it that part of the reason he
encouraged Pete to run for president was
because of what it would say you know
what it would show the world and so the
two of them and I think Cheston was a
pretty big part of this was showing the
world that you know Pete could be an out
proud mary gay man could run for
president and that the public would
support him and that it would change the
world did it I think it did I think it
did I watched chest and go up on stage
and kiss beyond the lips in front of the
public on national TV and I actually
clapped I was home you know I was alone
and I actually clapped like literally
clapped because in losing
I think Budaj edge still won now he
might come back he might you know be a
good president someday I think you know
his his closing speech piece anyway I
think showed why he's not president or
won't be at least this time because it
was lacking passion but it sure had lots
of smarts in it it was lots of jargon
sounded more like a consultant Pete
never really spoke to be on any
emotional level but I would say that the
end result of his campaign was exactly
what Chaston hoped it would be which is
changing the way the world looks at the
LGBT community I think that was
accomplished and if you were to ask me
what would you know what would be one of
the greatest ways to make the world more
peaceful well just look at all the
countries that are literally murdering
gays Nobel Peace Prize it's not crazy
it's not crazy all right so let's just
put that out there I was reminded when
bootie judge quit that the President had
that one of the best kill shots I've
ever seen
Alfred E Newman cannot become president
of the United States now that's a kill
shot in a sentence instead of a nickname
although the Alfred E Newman part is the
strong part but just the the
construction of this sentence is so
wonderful it's such a good construction
just Alfred E Newman cannot become
President of the United States it's hard
to understand how beautiful that
sentences until you try to imagine how
you would have sent it now I would have
said something like he looks like Alfred
E Newman which would have been kind of
powerful because it make you think of
him for a while he could have he could
have started calling him Alfred which he
didn't interestingly he never really
gave a nickname to mayor Pete he
sometimes played with his last name as
it's hard to pronounce but never really
gave him a nickname beyond that one
sentence but try to think of a better
sentence structure than this one Alfred
E Newman cannot become president of the
United States it's just kind of perfect
right and I don't think the president
ever gets credit for his simple perfect
statements because you know all the
concentration does is on whatever he
says wrong in Selma at a black church
Bloomberg appeared and I guess there
were some protesters who were standing
up front were nine of them who turned
their backs to him because they're not
happy about his probably about stop and
frisk I think is what they're that
they're concerned about and I thought
well that's probably the end of
Bloomberg because that's so visual and
if you were let's say you're a black
citizen of this country and you're
thinking about voting and you're just
starting to get serious about the
figuring out who was left to vote for
you don't know much about Bloomberg
because you didn't grow up in New York
City so you're finding out about him for
the first time through the news and you
find the news that
black churchgoers turned their back on
them that's sort of the end right I
would say that the odds of a Bloomberg
president she just just went to zero now
I've said that before and it's never
been more obvious than now there's a
slow realization that the only thing
that matters is the black vote now of
course everything else has to happen
roughly the way we expect it to happen
and it usually does most Democrats vote
Democrat most Republicans vote
Republican
you know turnout will be something in
that range that we can kind of predict
but the black vote congratulations guys
you're in charge this year so if the
next president doesn't do what you want
them to do I let me say this to my
fellow black citizens and teammates it's
on you this time it's kind of on you
because the black the black vote will
determine who's the next president
there's no doubt about it they there
they interestingly it's the most
flexible part of the voting public on
this topic for some reason the topic of
the presidency so you're in charge I
hope you choose well here's some fun you
know I jumped on this coronavirus hoax
thing early so the hoax part was that
the hoax was claiming the president
Trump had called the virus itself a hoax
which never happened
he had talked about how the DEM the
Democrats were politicizing it and you
know the press at cetera so he said that
part was a hoax not that not the virus
itself but Politico and others tweeted
round and wrote stories saying claiming
that the president called it the corona
virus a hoax here's the fun part
Facebook with its new policy of labeling
fake news labeled in fake news so on
Facebook Politico story that the
president called the virus a hoax is
actual
just labeled figments congratulations
everybody
I believe that Twitter did this and I
believe that because we are all so
primed and alerted for these hoaxes now
because we've seen so many and how that
we see exactly how they're done it's
always a misinterpretation
we hope they don't check the original
they're gonna see the story but they're
not gonna see the transcript that sort
of thing and we all jumped on it quickly
and we just we just hammered that thing
when it was still in this crib and I
think we killed it
maybe I mean it might pop up again but I
think that one got killed by a fairly
aggressive counteraction and now
Facebook is labeled a fake good so good
work all right we'll get to the
coronavirus of course let's talk about
Turkey first I don't know what's going
on in Turkey I'm trying to figure it out
I feel like the reporting is failing me
so what I can make out is that there's
this ad lib is this city near the border
of Turkey it's in Syria turkeys pounding
this Syrian forces but here's the part
we don't understand Russia has decided
to just get out of the way which allowed
the Turks to just pound the piss on
Assyrians now I guess the Turkish
military is far more capable because
they really it looks like they really
slapped around the Syrians but what's
happening with Russia is Russia gonna
leave are they just sort of staying out
of the way where's NATO it's it's a hot
war with a NATO with a NATO ally why
aren't we in it and if we're not in it
why don't we kick turkey out of NATO or
something shouldn't something be
happening now it could be that the
Russians know that if they attacked
Turkey that mate
is involved so it could be that the
Russians are saying you know risk/reward
we're just getting out of the way all we
want is a warm port we don't really care
about anything else let's just get out
of the way so I feel like that story we
are not being served well by the press
we need a little little extra talking
about that all right
North Korea launched some short-range
rockets which feels like sort of a look
at me you look at me now a lot of time
has gone by since Kim jong-un said you
know he's unhappy about where the
conversations are going where the
negotiations are going where they're not
going I guess don't you think he would
have done more if we did not have a
president Trump who would at least made
some inroads in conversation and opening
up the dialogue I think so
it feels like North Korea has turned
into a weirdly stable situation meaning
that we've got sanctions on up obviously
North Korea's figured out how to get
around them and as long as they believe
we're not prepping to attack them and I
think President Trump has convinced them
that we have zero interest in ever
invading North Korea or regime changes
it's not what we're worried do i think
kim jungeun is just gonna mind his own
business for a while and I think these
short-range rockets in this case it
might not even better a message might
have been just a test because
short-range Rockets weren't that scary
anyway alright let's talk about the
corona virus here's my prediction for
where things are going to go and that
I'll give some context first I asked the
question online because it's scary that
we don't all know the answer
whatever stops the flu from getting
everybody might be a few more of those
sneezes coming but what stops any flu
just a seasonal flu what stops it from
eventually affecting everyone
now many of you are going to say well I
know the answer to that it's it's the
weather when the weather gets warm then
it doesn't go around as much but how
does that make sense let me ask you this
where do you spend most of your time in
the summer indoors right I live in
California in the summer
you really can't spend that much time
outdoors most of us most human beings
spend almost all of our time indoors
there's a very few of us are even
outdoors except to go to the car you
know maybe you go for a run one hour a
day maybe outdoors tops that would be
typical so if you say the only
difference is that people are going
outdoors I don't believe I don't buy
that at all that doesn't seem like a
reason I can because the if you say it's
because the temperature I would ask you
what is the temperature indoors because
that's where we all are it's the same
year-round now I'm seeing in the
comments and I'm getting to that so some
people are saying is humidity so I've
heard the theory I don't know how true
this is
somebody fact-check be in this the whole
point of what I'm saying is that I don't
understand what's going on let's say
it's humidity if it were humidity that
makes a difference
wouldn't we be pumping humidity into our
indoor spaces it's not that hard
humidity is easy water little heat
humidity so if this coronavirus is this
gigantic you know deadly thing and it is
and if it's true that the summer is when
when things are less of a problem and if
it's true that it's because of a
difference in humidity and it's also
true then it's not like we're getting
coronavirus from a tree I don't think
people get it just because they went
outdoors I would guess that nearly all
of it is transmitted indoors wouldn't
you and if if indoors is the problem and
it's the difference of humidity indoors
the main factor between rampant spread
in the winter versus not rip and spread
in the summer
wouldn't we be adding humidity dr. Zhu
it's about time you got here to answer
this question if you know the answer so
I'll just I'll ask this to dr. Tripp I'm
hoping you're listening right now why
don't all viruses eventually affect just
about everybody couldn't we add humidity
to an indoor environment if it's the
humidity that makes a difference why
wouldn't we be doing that anyway so
that's the point most of our time is
spent indoors and exactly the same
temperature no matter where you are in
the world no matter what season it is so
it can't be the temperature and I don't
think it's just because the kids are not
in school because we're still all
socializing massively all the time
there's nothing about summer that makes
you socialize less or even make you be
indoors less I mean honestly the
difference between being indoors 24
hours a day except going to your car
versus being indoors 23 hours day but
maybe you go for a run for an hour it's
just not that much difference and as
somebody's saying in the comments and I
said on Twitter it's always winter
someplace so here's what I would expect
based on based on what the media has
informed us which means that there's
something missing it's something
important I don't know what it is but
it's something important because all
those other flus do not seem to infect
100 percent of the world and I don't
know why now I can get why maybe 10
percent would be have some weird
immunity or 10 percent coincidentally
they'll interact with somebody but how
does it not get 90% of the public
eventually right given all the travel
and connections we have so that's an
open question dr. drew if you know the
answer to that I would love to see it
tweet on that now I've heard one
speculation is that the virus mutates
and the idea would be this you know if I
get it from patient zero
I've got a version that's pretty close
to the one I got
I give it to you and yours is one little
bit different from the other one patient
zero and if enough people give it to
enough people one theory is that it
mutates enough so it's not quite the
same thing anymore and maybe not as
viral is that true if it is then this
virus would be just like every other so
here's where I'm getting out from my
prediction
unless this virus is let's say man-made
and I don't think it is or even if it is
human-made but it's made to mimic the
natural ones it's gonna have the same
quality which is for whatever reason it
goes away just like every other flu well
I don't know the reason and I'm not
entirely sure this science knows it I
think there's just something in the math
yeah there's something I'm not
understanding that doesn't smell right
but the point being here's my prediction
coronavirus will come under control and
that's based in the theory that it's not
so different from other flus that always
come under control a hundred percent of
every past bad flu has come under
control and that was before we had good
good medical treatment etc so first part
of the prediction is there will be an
end to this the most likely scenario is
that it happens within the year that's
the first good news but the the bigger
issue is and then the second part I
would say is if nobody had ever told you
there was anything called a corona virus
and you just thought that everybody
getting the flu we're just getting
regular flus would you ever notice that
the corona virus had swept through the
planet now if it's like Iran where
people are seemed to be dropping
dropping in the streets
well yeah you'd notice the hospitals
would be full etcetera if it's like the
United States and I don't know what the
difference is but so far it seems that
it's it's not dropping people
in the street if it becomes like that
you're going to see that it just runs
its course and you wouldn't have even
noticed if let me put it this way if the
number of eighty-year-old plus people
that you know dying in a year when from
seven to nine could you tell the
difference well it's a big difference to
the people who died obviously but would
you know the difference I don't think
you would because you don't know if
seven people you know over eighty were
supposed to die that year because that's
when people die or if it was a little
extra you actually wouldn't know so
there's a good chance that the corona
virus will just run this course I do
think people will die so far they all
seem to be in that age where people are
dying in any way not that that makes it
better and here's my prediction at the
moment the best thing that the world can
do for health is take a step back and
close some factories which closes all
these supply lines if supply lines have
stayed closed there would be a massive
depression in the world and it would
kill far more people than the virus so
here's the balance and here's the basis
of my prediction at the moment in the
short term the highest risk is the virus
in the medium term which is I'm just
talking about a few months in the medium
term the biggest risk of death will be
the economy going bad there's a
crossover coming and it's just a few
weeks away the moment the biggest risk
to the world is that the economy is
crumbled because the supply lines fell
apart at that point people will
consciously make the decision to risk
the virus to save the economy because
that's how you saved the most lives when
the economy goes bad people die and then
they die a lot you know people will
starve it would be massive dislocation
and risk so I think there's an
inevitable crossover a point where China
is going to say yep
if we open these factories to two
percent plus of the people who go to
work are gonna die but if we don't open
the factories 10% of our population will
die there's no contest there's no
contest and China will open the
factories because it's the way to save
the most people even if 2 percent of
them are guaranteed to die now there's
nothing to be happy about right
but given that we've seen that mostly
non compromised people are recovering
what I expect is that the factories will
open but not until not until the people
who have been checked out to be older or
to may have some underlying illness they
might be relocated in other words there
might be some special consideration for
people who are a certain age or have any
kind of underlying condition that they
probably wouldn't go back to work you
have to keep them safe but if you're 30
and you're in good shape and you're
Chinese and the worst case for getting
the flu is probably a few days off work
a couple weeks off of work I think the
factory is going to open when that
happens your stock market will zoom of
course all right does anybody disagree
with that I think we're I think we're in
the 8 weeks away from the supply lines
being reopened and we can probably we
can probably get by for 8 weeks we
probably have a month of supply for
everything there's probably a month
where things will be rough but we'll
still figure it out and then I think
we'll be back in action that's what I
think so yeah there's there's a report
that they're sending the Uighur to work
in the factories and then unfortunately
that might be part of the part of the
recovery which is just the worst thing
in the world
somebody says if I can't work even at
home I can't pay my mortgage that is
correct and that's why
you will see people going to work and
risking the virus because it will be a
smaller risk than risking the economy so
does that feel like good news because
there's really no chance that the
economy will go to depression because
the risk is gonna flip it's it's just
that obvious
all right that's why we got going and
we'll talk to you tomorrow