[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
trying out a new microphone for the
platforms uh not counting locals which
is on its own system and I have no idea
if you can hear me so if somebody on uh
YouTube
or rumble or X could tell me in the
comments
do you hear me
now and of course comment oh well they
can okay good news good news audio is
good well if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
ever understand all you need is a cuper
mug or a glass a tanker CH a Stein a
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like
coffee en join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine head of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go
ah yeah that was as good as I hoped it
would
be well let's talk about the
news Have I Told You Lately That the
news is all just funny and absurd and
ridiculous
I don't think I've been mad about the
news in a
while and it's not because the news is
any
better it's just it's gone so far it's
just ridiculous and so I end up just
being entertained by it until we all die
of course but here's what's
happening have I ever told you that it's
weird how often I end up in the middle
of a national story it's really weird
that the number of times there'll be
some story that headline I'll be oh
there's a there's a story and here are
the details okay the story is about me
it's the damnest thing so here's here
it's happening again so it turns out
there's a big lawsuit by a bunch of
artists class action copyright suit
against uh the big AI companies that do
uh visual stuff so stability AI mid
journey and Deviant Art and apparently
on behalf of 16,000 an
artists um they're suing because the AI
companies looked at all the art by these
many artists and then use that art to
train itself to reproduce art that could
either look in the style of or I guess
even identical if they wanted to all
these many
artists and I read the story and it
highlights me as one of the artists that
they copied so apparently the the entire
uh the entire Archive of dilber comics
may have been scooped up by AI which
means that it will forever be part of
the AI mind now how interesting is that
I I always wish that um I left something
of my human intellect on the internet so
that when AI became alive which it did
this year it could scoop up some of it
and I would be part of the
brain so part of the mind of
AI is literally me so if you use these
images they're at least a little bit
informed by my work now I don't know how
much because I haven't seen anything by
any of them that looks too dilber but
when you ask it to do a comic it does
have a strange gilbery feel to it and I
had noticed that but I didn't know was
because they literally trained it on my
work
I'm not sure I
mind I guess I'm part of the class
action or maybe I'd have to sign up to
be part of it or something but I can't
say it's bothered
me can't really say it's bothered me I
guess I should be
bothered but I don't feel like it can do
my job if AI could do my job maybe I'd
try harder to protect it but I really
can't it's nowhere in the neighborhood
of being able to do what I do but maybe
someday maybe
someday so uh here's a story about a a
guy who murdered his wife and they
caught him pretty quickly or at least
they alleged that they caught him and it
turns out that he was researching a
specific kind of poison he was a doctor
Minnesota doctor and the wife was
poisoned with the exact poison that he
was researching at the
time and the crack investigator said huh
he's in investigating this kind of
poison and his wife died of that kind of
poison maybe it's him now I think you
can all say that that was a rookie
murder
mistake how many times do I have to tell
you if you want to murder your spouse
and you're a poison expert you don't
poison your
spouse that's going to lead him right to
you no you find somebody who's
researching
explosives and also wants to kill their
spouse and then you make a deal you
poison their spouse they blow up your
spouse no way the police can connect it
hat
tip Alfred Hitchcock yeah he did it
first in the movie but it's is still a
good idea so don't poison your wife if
you're a poison
expert well here's a little
technological breakthrough that could be
a gigantic thing or you'll never hear
from it it again have you noticed that a
lot of the science breakthroughs have
that
quality this will change everything or
possibly you'll never hear about it
again do you know how many times I've
heard that cancer is almost
cured probably about 700 times since I
was in my 20s so far not so much
although they are doing good they're
doing
well all right um but Japan has a solar
breakthrough they've figured out new
technology for making
solar a solar device it's not a panel
exactly because it's a thin foldable
almost material so apparently you could
buy a few yards of this solar panel
material you could just set it on the
they give the example you could just lay
it out on your deck and it'll start
making electricity for you now this has
been a technology that was around but
they just figured out how to make it as
a efficient as the current panels you
know in the in a 20 some per efficiency
which is pretty good and maybe it will
the big but the big story here is not
that it's a new technology that's the
boring
part the interesting part is that China
completely dominates the solar panel
industry and for what reasons I'm not
exactly sure uh other countries are just
not set up to manufacture the way they
do but uh I guess Japan would be
perfectly situated to make these thin uh
competitive solar panels This is the
sort of thing that can change everything
from what you think about competition
with China to climate change to
inflation it's one invention that
touches everything you know from trade
you know
climate uh basically everything and you
know but it could be nothing we'll see
or it could be everything
so here's something I didn't know or
maybe I knew it and forgot did you know
that Politico and Business Insider are
owned by the same company how many of
you knew that Politico and Business
Insider owned by the same company some
of you knew that yeah now did you know
that the company that owns both of them
is a German
company that owns other media in
Europe yeah
so when you're reading Politico or
Business
Insider you're reading articles by
people who have a German media
boss don't you think you should know
that doesn't doesn't that feel like
really important if you're going to read
any article in there to know what the
boss might be thinking based on you know
who it
is but I here's what I recommend I think
that if you're a uh media company that
sort of looks like it could be an
American company if you weren't paying
attention it should be labeled as a
foreign
propaganda because there's no such thing
as media that's not
propaganda but at least when it comes
from inside our house we're a little bit
more alerted to it right like like if
you see the New York Times you know it
leans left if you see Fox News you know
it leans right but you know it's a
American flavor of left and American
flavor of
right and that's you know not perfect
but at least it's inside the house it's
in the family but if a German
company is and I'm not saying that they
are but if they're intentionally trying
to change our minds in this country I
feel like that needs to be labeled yeah
I mean we've been labeling manufactured
goods forever right I assume it's a law
is it a law law that if you have a
physical product and it's made in China
has to say made in China it's a law
right so why don't we do that with media
if the if the article is written by a
German company even though an American
wrote it I feel like we should know that
so consider that a possible
law all
right um I saw another statistic that
said that gender dysphoria
diagnoses are rising Nationwide axios
has the
story
um wait who owns
axios is is a who owns axios is that the
same
company uh Cox you say own axios okay
um but anyway uh California is up over
100% I think Virginia is up over 200
100% Etc
now do you think it's fair to say that
the gender dysphoria thing is a massive
mental health problem exacerbated by
essentially median
manipulation that's a fair statement
right yeah I feel like that's just
something you can say as just a fact
now um now I love the fact that V just
says it directly that that gender
dysphoria stuff is a mental health
problem that we're treating like it's a
physical problem um you know that may be
a little bit too Universal for my taste
because there's probably you know some
gray area of people who have a an actual
genetic physical issue that you know it
would be fair if they could address it
without us giving them a hard time but I
think most of it is mental health most
of us probably mental health so at least
Le we can say it even if it's not
stopping it that we say
it um well so I've got a kind of a theme
today for the rest of the show and the
theme
is what if everything is exactly the way
it
looks the the scariest thing that you
could imagine is that everything you
suspect is true because it looks like it
is actually true and we'll get lots of
examples of that as we go here's
one so Fanny
Willis uh who is the fton see I have
trouble keeping all the Trump legal
issues straight she would be the
Georgia the Georgia prosecutor right um
secretly colluded with the January 6
committee
so that would suggest although that
would not be confirmed but that would
suggest
that there's some kind of collusion from
a central Democrat Source that's making
sure the individual states are being
aggressive and going after
Trump so I don't know if that's illegal
I mean seems kind of rol like to me but
I don't know if it's technically illegal
but it does fit the category
of what if everything is exactly the way
it
looks because
all the charges against Trump even
though they're coming from
States it looks exactly like it's only
political as though I'm not saying that
he didn't you know make any mistakes or
do anything that's you know not
technically illegal maybe but I think
that would be true of almost every human
being you could bring in anybody examine
every part of their life and you can
make some argument about some crime they
committed so I think that's what's
happening
but um my working assumption is that
it's exactly what it looks like that the
Democrats are coordinating
lawfare um with people who probably want
to raise you know rise in the Democrat
world and so they're just doing their
bidding it looks like it's exactly what
it looks like that's what I
think well there's news from Chicago I
guess the Chicago bought a whole bunch
of uh
free laptops and free iPads and other
devices for the kids who couldn't afford
it and let's see how that worked out see
free iPads free lap that seems like a
good idea doesn't it the poor people
they can't afford it and you need those
things in a modern world so Chicago
quite reasonably decided they should
give free ones to people who couldn't
afford them and let's see now we know
how that worked out um $23 Million worth
of the devices
uh that is 77,000 devices went missing
in one school
year
77,000
devices went missing in one school
year
okay maybe the situation in
Chicago is exactly what you
think maybe everything is Maybe
everything's exactly what it looks
like uh whoopy
uh well damn it I just ruined my own
joke forget for a moment that you just
heard the word
Whoopi this will have nothing to do with
the following joke they're completely
disconnected forget forget you heard the
word Whoopi we're now going back in time
half a
minute so there's a uh TV show now um
it's doing really well and it's
basically people with mental health
issues talking about the
news um it's called what's it called
it's called The View it's called The
View it features people with serious
mental health issues uh trying to
understand the news and
failing uh one of the characters on this
show is called Whoopi whoopy
Goldberg and she was pleading with Liz
Cheney to run an third party race to
make sure Trump didn't win because she
said that about Trump that quote if he
ever gets in again we'll never have any
more elections there will be no more he
will stop it and he's very clear about
that he wants to be dictator for
life now imagine that there's a
television show about idiots
with serious mental
health and you're the diversity
higher all right moving on um sometimes
things are exactly how they look
exactly uh well Hunter this is weird
Hunter decided to crash or show up
uninvited to the the congress's contempt
hearing about
Hunter so he was being held in contempt
for refusing to talk to the committee
but when the committee was having a
hearing about whether they should find
him in contempt he showed up for it so
this is the second time he showed up
when he wasn't supposed to show up just
to make a point that it's not about the
showing up it's about you know the the
process he wants to do it in
public now I've heard the argument that
says no no no that's not the way you do
it first you get grilled in private and
then later you know that would be the
standard later you might be asked in
public but by then you know there's a
good basis for your understanding of
things now Hunter says I don't want to
do this in private because you'll take
me on a context and lie about what I
said is he right is Hunter correct that
if he does anything beyond closed doors
he will be taken out of context and that
would be bad for him of course he's
right of course he's right yeah yeah I'm
not going to say he's he's wrong because
it's
Republicans this is how the whole thing
played anybody who says something behind
closed doors and there's no
transcript at least until there's a
transcript yeah they there's a high
chance that people will exaggerate what
he said or take it out of context yeah
you know if he could avoid it he'd be
stupid to do anything behind closed
doors now I I like his I kind of like
his approach you know just from his
strategy perspective it's uh it does
make sense that he keeps showing his
face so there's no doubt about whether
he wants to participate so he's making
the case very clearly yes I'll
participate in this I'm totally a
volunteer let's just make sure that the
public sees everything so he's in favor
of participating in transparency and
he's forced the Republicans to make an
argument against
transparency I think Hunter's
winning I'm not sure what you see when
you watch that I saw a lot of people
saying it's awkward you know you know he
stormed down so it makes him look bad
and what was his strategy and what was
he think thinking and all that and I
watched the whole thing and I
thought well I think I know what he's
thinking he's saying this process is
 and he wants it to be
transparent and that's always what I
want so I hate I hate to be the one
who's continuously defending Hunter
Biden but I'd like to remind you once
more he's a private
citizen he's innocent till proven guilty
and that standard just has to stay so I
like how he's playing it I I I know the
experts are saying it's a mistake but I
feel we all understand now that he
wanted
transparency and the people who want to
take him down did not now there's no
argument that they're going to make that
will convince me he's not right about
that I don't care about the president I
don't care about the reasons it's better
preparation don't care he made his his
point and he won he made his point and
he won I'm never going to argue against
transparency unless it's like you know a
nuclear secret or something yeah
National Security
yes all right so I think he did well
there so let's see another Trump case I
guess Trump's back in court for his uh
New York inflated
assets taxes kind of a case and if
things go against him now judge has
already ruled that he did the deed that
he inflated his assets so the ruling on
fact is already against them and now
they're going to decide what the penalty
is now if you're trying to keep straight
all of these different uh legal cases
against Trump uh this is the one with
the judge who is uh Doby the
narcissistic house
elf that's how I try to remember them by
uh What fictional characters of
Ridiculousness they remind me of so yeah
this one's the Doby the house elf the
narcissistic house
elf but the elf will decide if Trump's
going to have to pay $370 million and
worse of all lose his licenses to
operate in New
York which is so
outrageous for Trump of all people you
know somebody whose name
was essentially paired with New York for
decades they who lose his license to
operate in New York over some political
 that is literally a victimless
crime there's no victim there's nobody
who says they lost
money nobody lost
money yeah they're saying that uh taxes
were not
paid let me explain that so the the
argument is that the government lost out
because if he had because he saved a
bunch of money
wait that doesn't make
sense if Trump if Trump paid less to his
bank that means Trump would have paid
higher
taxes but the bank
itself would have paid lower taxes
because they didn't make as much as the
government thinks the bank should have
made but the bank was
happy God is such
 it yeah it's it's all
complicated and you know it's it's a
confused op so you're not going to
figure out what's going on who's doing
what to the only thing you remember is
91 indictments four cases Trump must
have done something
wrong well who
knows and then apparently because uh
melania's mother recently died uh
Trump's legal team asked for a recess so
Trump could be with his wife while she's
more warning the passing of her mother
and Doby the house elf said nope
nope no none of
that all right Chris chrisy in the
biggest surprise of politics he dropped
out of the race amazing I know but uh
the big story is he was caught in a hot
mic talking about Nikki Hy and saying uh
that she's going to get smoked in other
words she could not win against Trump
and she says uh you and I uh we both
know it and she's not up to
this is that an
embarrassing Open Mic moment I don't
think
so because the polling actually agrees
with them totally so um rasman rasmon
did a poll where it saw how uh each of
the top three candidates according to
polling would do against uh Biden so
Trump would beat Biden easily according
to current polling do santis would be a
squeaker could go either way too close
to call and Haley would get beaten
easily by
Biden now that's polling and I don't
know that any polling is especially
reliable now especially because when
people answer these polls it's very
unclean because there's a little bit of
Wishful Thinking in the answers cuz
there's still multiple candidates but
once you get down to there's just
two I don't know it seems like all the
rules go out the
window what would Republicans do if
Nikki Haley is the candidate do you
think they say well on that in that case
we we prefer
Biden do you think they would stay home
and just say yeah you know Biden's just
as
good I don't know I feel like
Republicans are going to back whoever
the Republican is uh Trump could get
more feet on the ground Trump could get
more people across the street to vote so
motivation wise probably a big
difference but um so I guess I believe
the polling but a lot could change
between now and
then well DeSantis and nikii had their
debate last night how many of you
thought that would be worth
watching did anybody anybody waste their
time trying to watch that train wreck
yeah have you have you developed
theistic that I've
developed all right so it goes like this
uh there's a political debate do you
watch it yes or
no and question number one is Trump in
it is Trump in it because you know it'll
be fun if he's in it question number two
is vake in it if thees in it it's going
to be fun
if neither of them are in
it why would I bother really doesn't
matter I don't know I I mean you only
watch these things because it'll be a
moment right if if Trump is in it there
will be a moment if a vake is in it
there will be a moment do you remember
what the moment was that they uh they
reported with DeSantis and Nikki heli
there was so little happening in that de
that they had to get a body language
expert just to create an article oh well
we we think one was you know body
language who
cares and I guess at this point um also
according to
polls um this is interactive polls Haley
is actually surging in the early States
so she's uh close second in New
Hampshire behind Trump polling at 44 to
his 52 so he's up by eight and in Iowa
Trump is at 56% to H is 40% he's up by
16 but that would be super strong
showing in those States now let me ask
my
audience uh Nikki hilly doing great in
the polls these totally real polls that
are not suspicious at all and so I would
imagine that with this kind of polling
strength many of you are supporting
so in the comments can you tell me how
many of you are supporting Nikki Haley
well look at all those
supporters yeah now this doesn't make
sense because
40% of the people in the two first
states are going to support her how how
can it be that there are zero people on
my live stream when you most of you are
probably Republican
voters huh it seems highly unusual that
there would be zero people in this large
crowd of over a thousand people and then
over here we've got let's see I'm not
seeing your comments at the moment so
let's see if well I don't know why but
the comments oh I know why there now I
can see your
comments All right so just looking
through the comments over here no no no
no
no no no no no so what's going on
exactly how in the world can somebody
get 40% support in the two
first uh
States when literally zero people in
this non-random distribution but still
zero oh we got one
yes all right Mike Anderson we got one
yes but you can see the point
right what if this is one of those
situations where where the truth is
exactly what you think it
is what do you think is the truth
here
there's either Democrats are answering
as if they're
Republicans and trying to rig the thing
which seems likely actually um
or or what or somehow all the polls are
wrong cuz the thing is that if if
rasmuson is saying that Haley is pulling
high rasmuson is definitely not skewing
things in favor of
Democrats that's not happening
so and I don't think they're necessarily
skewing it in favor of Republicans I
think they're you know do a good job of
going down the middle but that's my
opinion
um so it must be in the data
itself I don't think the Poland
companies are all just making it up
because they couldn't be in the same
ballpark all the time I feel like it's
in the
data and I do think that there's some
mystery that the pollsters themselves
are trying to figure out about why some
of the polls seem kind of
hinky yeah there's something going on we
just don't know what it
is but I do not believe for one second
that Nikki
is to Trump in the Republican party that
doesn't seem even slightly possible you
know based on social media based on this
based on anything I just don't see any
indication of it at all so what do
people who are Democrats think of the
result last night of the two Republicans
well CNN's Abby
Phillip uh who by the way believes the
fine people hoax is real I like to call
that out every time I mention uh her on
the news she does a good job on the news
I think she's very talented she deserves
her job um but she does believe the fine
people HS like many of the people in the
news so that's a bad look but she said
that Nikki hilly uh seemed flustered and
frustrated I don't think that helped her
tonight
um but
uh there were five other political
Consultants that said opposite some
Democrats and Republican they said that
uh haey had a great night and she just
totally destroyed
desth what do you think I think that
these
debates do nothing but make people think
they're side one or who they want to win
yeah I
mean uh my take on D santis is that he's
way too boring he doesn't know how to
smile and connect to crowds I don't know
how he won as a governor
frankly I'm kind of surprised by it you
know once you see the equality well
maybe it's because Trump trump endorsed
him okay so that's the reason Trump
endorsed him but the fact is he's been a
great Governor you know I don't agree
with everything he's done in Florida but
on on balance one of the best maybe one
of the best of all
time um but his campaigning is not it's
not a stellar you know I would not hate
a world in which terrible things happen
and you know he became
president I wouldn't hate it but I do
have a problem with Nikki
Haley because she keeps saying that
women are
special and that is the most
disqualifying thing you could ever do as
a republican is to to be all Dei the
worst thing you could
do
so we'll keep an eye on that
um so uh
V is talking conspiratorially about
Nikki Hy and the the Deep State and who
they want so V's thesis is that the the
people who always run everything you
know the people whose names maybe you
don't know deep state were behind the
scenes maybe some billionaires and
capitalists and people like that um he
says this here's the plot Number One
narrow this to a two-horse race between
Trump and a puppet they can
control number two eliminate
Trump number three truther puppet into
the White
House
now I don't know if that means before or
after the primary but
my my uh I guess my interpretation is
that he means that Nikki heli is the
puppet and if you could get rid of trump
and Slot her in and maybe slot in a
puppet to replace Biden or maybe you
don't need to if it's somebody will win
and it's really a puppet play and that
what you're seeing is the the Deep state
state you know getting ready to insert
their puppet and that nothing we do in
the Democratic process makes too much
difference because they can kind of make
their
puppet Prevail do you believe
that do you believe that there is
a more of a corporate let's say a big
Corporation play to get Nikki Haley in
there because she's the one they
trust it certainly feels like that
doesn't it so I go back to my thesis for
today my theme if you
will maybe it's exactly what it looks
like cuz I cannot understand the
complete lack of Grassroots support that
I
observe I can't explain that unless it's
exactly what V
says now I can't always know what's true
but I can do a pretty good job of
telling you uh what it looks to
be sometimes things look exactly the way
they are other times not but in all
likelihood this is exactly what it looks
like meaning
that the big corporations are trying to
get Nicki elected and they'll have some
plan to get rid of trump before the
election so we'll
see all right I saw Dr Jordan Peterson
tweeted today quote
you are not obligated to associate with
people who are making your life
worse to which I
said I got canceled a year ago for
saying that apparently he said it in
2021 so he's been saying it for a while
but I think the secret is he said it
better am I
right may maybe he said it in a a less
provocative
way but the we thing is that um I got
cancelled without people disagreeing
with
me did did everybody note that that I
got cancelled but nobody disagreed with
me literally
nobody instead what they did was they
imagined that something else happened
and then they disagreed with the thing
they imagined does that happen to
anybody else do you know anybody else
who says things
clearly but
then they imagin it was something else
so they can criticize the imagin
part well sure NBC News has a hit piece
on Elon Musk um said Elon
Musk uh drew a swift rebuke from two of
the nation's best known civil rights
organizations after he criticized
efforts by United Airlines and Boeing to
hire non-white Pilots and Factory
workers now I'm going to save you the
time of reading the
article let me summarize it for you in
my own
words summary of the NBC article first
thing you need to know is who are the
players and I will say this a million
more times the news doesn't make sense
unless you know who the players are NBC
News is generally
considered the the CI I's Network in
other words the news that comes out of
NBC News you should not assume is true
you should assume that it's the official
government's position or at least the
CIA now I don't know that that's true
but that is a general assumption and I
know that when I read NBC News it looks
exactly like that which doesn't mean
it's true but it looks exactly like it's
true and so I get back to my theme
what if everything is exactly like it
looks so here's what they do to Elon
Musk and I summarize this in my own
words well musk said again these are my
words characterizing what musk said uh
that it's dangerous to prioritize race
over Merit and competency when lives are
at stake now an airline pilot has to
protect your life and your family's life
so when you know it's life and death
it's a a bad idea to prioritize anything
except
capability so that seems pretty
provocative right
so so what is the criticism for
it NBC will now misinterpret him and
then they'll find third parties who are
basically Democrat
assets and they will have the third
party criticize the
misinterpretation of what he said said
if you believe that there that NBC is
suggesting that what musk really meant
is that people of color cannot fly
planes as well as white people he never
said anything like
that not even close nothing in the
general
neighborhood he strictly talked about
capability and if you focus on Race
instead of capability
everybody who's in business knows you
get what you
measure you get what you measure if you
measured your employees
height you know they would all start
wearing lifts in their
shoes because you
get what you
track so if they're tracking
race they're not going to stop track
tracking you know capability they won't
stop but it changes the
focus and you and if there's a
tiebreaker which way is it going to go
that's the problem if it's a tiebreaker
which way is it going to go so and the
problem is that we don't know what's
really a tie so you end up favoring race
where maybe the facts did not suggest
you
should now look at my situation so
here's a situation where they uh took a
completely reasonable thing that
literally everybody agrees with find me
one person in the entire planet who
would disagree with a statement that you
should hire hire the most capable
Pilots right nobody's disagrees with
that at
all right
um so takeing my case what did people
say I
said how was I characterized I would say
that the way I was characterized when I
got canceled was that uh I was saying I
disliked black people so I didn't want
to be around
is that what you heard do you do is that
an accurate characterization of what I
said it's not even close it's not even
in the the same zip code I've never said
that because I don't think it I don't
have any issue with black people
individually in person never have never
will because why would I there's no
reason for it yeah I judge individuals
as individuals just period I tend to
like anybody who has a good sense of
humor I tend to like anybody who likes
me I have very low standards do you have
a good sense of humor oh I can hang with
you no matter what else is going on can
you laugh at that oh I I can hang with
you you get a good sense of humor do you
like me all right we're
friends I'm done we're friends good
sense of humor you like me good we're
done so here's what I did
say I said if there is a group of
people and there's a and you know that
because of data or polling that there's
a large percentage of them they have it
out for you you should stay away from
them do you think the news changed that
into he he said you should stay away
from all black people all the
time no I mean that's what they said of
course but that's not what I said now
did I say that all black people have it
out for me no that would be stupid
that'd be the dumbest thing anybody ever
said but the news can say that because
nobody's checking with me nobody in the
news who cancelled me actually asked me
why I said what I said or what the
context was just think about that nobody
not a single not a single entity that
canceled me asked me what was going on
none now a number of podcasters did but
they weren't cancelling me they didn't
cancel me they were just interested in
the story so here let me say it
again if your interest is safety you can
discriminate as much as you
want there's no law against it it's not
unethical yeah there was a recent video
of Mark
cubin from some time ago where he said
that uh he admitted he was uh he was
bigoted and uh prejudice because if he's
if it were late at night and he saw a
black teenager in a hoodie he might
cross the
street now Elon Musk sort of had fun
with them because they got a little
fight going on so he tweeted it and
called them a racist but who disagrees
with Mark
cubin literally no one literally no one
so do I think Mark Cuban is a racist no
he he's somebody who does risk
management
that is there anything in is there
anything that Mark cubin said that would
suggest he doesn't like black people no
there's nothing in that
nope all he suggested was that there's a
a risk if you see somebody dressed a
certain way and they're part of a
demographic group you have a higher risk
that's every data everywhere suggests
that's
true if you saw a uh black man walking
toward toward you on the street and he
had a neck D
on he had a neckti
on do you cross the street I wouldn't I
wouldn't cross the street if I saw
anybody with a neckti on it wouldn't
matter who it was you're wearing a
necktie oh okay yeah I also back do you
remember when uh boom boxes were a big
thing yeah the young people would carry
like a big boom box this gigantic you
know recording radio thing I I used to
use that as another way to know I was
safe if you saw somebody coming you know
walking down the sidewalk and let's say
it's a black teenager and they've got a
hoodie on if they also had a boom box
totally
safe is that is that discriminatory and
bigoted yeah probably probably because I
you know I made a decision based on a
boom box yeah now but am I being
irrational
um about my own
security would that be rational let me
be as clear as I possibly
can my security decisions are none of
your
business and that's the end of that
conversation it doesn't matter why I
make a decision if I think I can make
myself safer or my family I'm going to
do whatever it takes I don't care what
you think about it
so no I don't think that black people
are a risk like just because they're
black I don't know anybody who does
literally nobody thinks that I never
heard it in my whole
life do I think that if I went to a
black
neighborhood uh that was mostly black
would my risk being Mr mcy uh the Trump
supporter would I have a greater risk of
danger if I were recognized in an all
black neighborhood
I assume so but what if I'm
wrong none of your business I
could be wrong about my own
security suppose I decide to have a a
personal gun or not have a personal gun
for home defense is that any of your
 business nope you do not get to
decide what makes me safer you do not
get to decide there's no law that says
you have that right there's no ethical
rule that says you have that right it's
not morally supportable for you to get
in my business my physical security is
my
business you don't get a you don't get a
say and and vice versa I don't get to
say in yours now if I make a mistake I
go to jail we all understand that but
it's still my decision and nobody gets
to participate just
me
now do I think that if I competed in a
corporate America for a
job and there were let's say I lived
where there was a substantial black
population do I have a good chance of
getting the
promotion in the context of Dei and the
fact that I'm a white guy no no so I
should leave that
situation right that's the same advice I
would give literally anybody I'll give
anybody the same advice if you're going
to be passed over because of your
immutable characteristics you should get
out of there get the out of there
get away as far as you can
get so nobody disagrees with that so if
I tell you you know nobody thinks
there's any statement that's true of all
of any group but there might be a bunch
of people who are learning Dei and
they're learning CRT and they're
learning ESG and they've been trained
to think that I'm literally their
problem literally me that I'm their
problem you know representing other
older white guys um if you're in that
situation get away you need to get away
now the way Dr Peterson says it if
you're says you're not obligated to
associate with people who are making
your life worse now he's speaking more
generally about narcissists and people
like that but it's the same thing it's
exactly the same you were not obligated
to be around people who might uh have a
unusual interest in doing you
harm so so that's the story in
that yeah it's always the same you
always take what somebody said change it
into a different thing and then you got
something to to
about I believe that 99% of all
political agreements comes down to one
group is trying to make the actions of a
few
people represent the whole
group when we talk about January 6 how
does the the uh debate always go it
always goes like this if it's a
Republican and a
Democrat uh that was not an Insurrection
Republicans don't forget to bring guns
to an Insurrection so that Republicans
says that and the Republican will leave
out that there was violence there and
there were people doing VI
because it doesn't really matter to the
point it matters to the legal system it
matters to the victims but it doesn't
matter to the point of whether it was an
Insurrection because clearly those few
violent people still there were too many
of them I'll call it a few just as a
ratio of the of the total but there way
too many of them nobody approves of it
but it didn't it didn't represent the
whole but even today some democrat tells
me why are you ignoring that it was a
violent insurrection when we have
pictures I've seen the
pictures everybody's seen the pictures
we've seen the pictures of the violent
part we've seen the picture of the doors
being opened and people
sauntering why can't we just say it's
both but that the important part was
that they didn't have weapons and they
didn't have an intention to do any
so every every disagreement seems to
fall into that category of somebody
thinks that some equals all let's take
Elon Musk do you think Elon Musk meant
to say that there are zero people of
color who can fly an airplane no of
course he didn't mean that
nobody would mean that literally no one
anywhere ever had that thought you know
as a serious thought but the only way
they could attack him
is to act like he did say something
that's batshit crazy like that that's
all of
politics well meanwhile South Africa is
taking a case to the
ha the UN is going to I guess rule
whether Israel is committing what South
Africa would call a
genocide
now I always talk about word thinking
and here's a perfect
example um whether or not this is a
genocide does that change what it is if
you if you give it the label let's call
it a genocide that activates a bunch of
rules right you know the way we treat it
would be different if it fits that
definition but the weird thing
is it's still what it
is it's exactly what it is no matter
what word you put on it why do you need
to put a word on it if you think you
know it's the worst thing in the world
it needs to be stopped do you need a
word you can see what's going on yeah we
could argue about the exact death count
but it's pretty obvious what's going on
and so whether it is labeled one way or
isn't it is what we're observing we're
all seeing the same thing everybody's on
the same page of what it
is now I don't think anything will come
of this
um no matter what you think of it I
don't think this process makes any
difference but there was an interesting
Side Story that came out of it which is
uh Senator John
fedman who was
uh speaking out against the effort to
call Israel genocid ists genocides
genocidal so fedman was pro-israel as am
I
100% And then fedman went on and said
that South Africa ought to set it out
when it comes to
to white
genocide that's right John
fedman Democrat said out loud and in
public the South Africa ought to set it
out when it comes to white genocide
because he's very clear that the black
Africans are essentially murdering and
creating a genocide in South Africa and
they're the last country that
should blame anybody of a genocide
they're in the middle of one now again
you don't have to use the word genocide
you can see what's happening right it's
it's plain the news is covering it all
the time yeah the the white farmers are
being pushed down
slain so how many topics is this in a
row where Federman said something that's
exactly my
opinion not even a little bit off it's
exactly my opinion why does he keep
doing it why is he the only one who's a
Democrat who can do it
well RFK does it sometimes so he he does
a good job too but what is going on and
by the way um you know I listened to a
bit of his speech today John fedman and
I have to say he does have his fluency
his his fluency returned I was very
skeptical that his medical condition was
recoverable but it sure looks like it
and I hate to tell but he's a legitimate
candidate for
president
eventually now you know there could be
lots of will come out later that you
know maybe changes my mind but if he
keeps saying things that aren't too far
from
Democrats but are very compatible with
what Republicans think he's going to be
hard to
stop it it's like why didn't anybody
think of it
before let let me put it a different
way Federman seems to be the first
Democrat who figured out that if you
didn't act batshit
crazy it might work out in the long
run now I think he does this at his own
Peril because I imagine the Democrats
are just ready to kill him for saying
things that any Republican could ever
agree with because it's just common
sense and makes
sense yeah so again you know I'm not
going to agree with him on every policy
thing but damn he looks like the real
thing he he looks like the real deal so
far you know I'm always open to the fact
I could be
Bamboozled but he looks like the real
deal uh let me say this this would be
the best the best compliment I can give
him would be one that I would also give
V uh also give RFK Jr there are a number
of people running this time not all of
them who in my opinion are just
Patriots just Patriots I think vake you
know of course he's a young ambitious
guy everybody can be ambitious that's
not that's not a
fault but I feel like he's running
because he wants to fix stuff I feel
like RFK Jr is running because he thinks
he needs to fix stuff and I think
Federman is acting the way he's
acting because he wants to fix stuff to
me that's just that that's just a
patriot now does Nikki Haley have the
same
incentives
well it doesn't look like it you know
she looks a little more traditional
politician what about um you know
Trump is Trump running to get his
revenge or to fix the
country why would he have to do only one
yeah why why would he have to
choose what would be wrong with both of
those things yeah yeah there there does
have to be some mutually assured
destruction yeah the Democrats do have
to be destroyed the leadership not the
party but the leadership of the party
needs to be destroyed because for what
they've done right in front of you you
have 20 different hes 20 different
political hoaxes through their train
monkeys the the media yeah no that that
really needs to be addressed so if you
think that you know the Revenge
incentive is is somehow lower than you
know your ethical standards there's a
utility to it there has to be some
utility to it otherwise I wouldn't
support
it all right
so that ladies and gentlemen is all I
needed to say today apparently my new
microphone setup is working
great
um and uh just looking to see if any
have any comments
one hour in the dot I'm so good at
this all
right uh clot was GNA end Biden's 2020
run because the fighting people hoax had
did that work out well if the 2020
election had not been rigged it would
have worked so somebody saying that I
said I was going to take Biden out
because of fighting people hoax and then
I failed well it's certainly true that I
did not
succeed but
um it is my current opinion that the
2020 election was probably rigged but I
don't have any facts for that it's just
that if you look at everything else we
know it it's really impossible to
imagine it wasn't
rigged I tried I I tried for really up
until just a few months ago I tried
everything I could to stay open-minded
about you know maybe we're getting ahead
of ourselves you know maybe maybe it was
a fair election maybe but it's hard to
get past the fact that every single
institution in America is obviously
corrupt just obviously corrupt and that
would be 50 state elections were the
only things immune from
corruption really now even if you don't
take the you know vote counting rigging
because I don't have any evidence to
prove that but even if you just took the
the political Shenanigans the rule
changes the remote voting the the hunter
laptop the media coordination against
Trump I mean it was certainly rigged in
in a practical way it was rigged um in
the sense that the the will of the
voters was removed from the
process would you call that rigged if
the media colludes to to basically make
up story you know the fine people Oaks
the drinking bleach Oaks if they if
there's this massive coordinated attempt
to come up with a hoax you know like the
laptop wasn't a hunter's
hoax uh that's not exactly a democratic
system that would be a pretend
democratic system that's run by the
people who can pay enough advertising to
influence the media so there was nothing
like a republic or anything like
that let me tell you my best guess about
who they
are I I see this a lot people on the
Republican side almost exclusively they
talk about a they now it gets used in
two different ways one of them is the
anti-semitic Jews are running the world
way that I don't subscribe to because
I've never seen any evidence of that
whatsoever and I would have by now
um but the other is that there's a deep
State
they but they're never named nobody ever
say you know it's they you know the this
person this person and this person
sometimes they say it's
Obama sometimes it's uh the wef and
klouse sometimes it's the global
conspiracy of the the Jews the rosch
Childs and other crazy stuff um but
nobody's nobody's too specific who they
are here here is my best guess of who
they
are I think that there's a massive
incompetence problem that permeates
everything including
politics and that mass incompetence is
so pervasive that it looks like it's
coordinated or
planned so if you had one problem let's
say your only problem was border
security you'd say oh there must be
something about border security there's
like something about that that situation
that's not working but it's not the only
thing that's not
working it's kind of like yeah the
airplanes are falling out of the sky or
money is going to
Ukraine it feels like there's a lot not
working but I don't know that it's
coronated it looks to me like a it's
just Mass incompetence and then the mass
incompetence is shielded because we no
longer have a a press that's asking the
right questions of the r team so if you
take away the independence of the press
if it ever had it I don't know if they
ever had it but without the
press the bad guys that they can say
anything they just literally make
anything up and his
sticks so here's what I think I think
that the corporations the big
corporations are in fact driving the
ship and always have but it's not like
there are one or two corporations that
are controlling everything
it's more like each Corporation has some
set of policies that they really care
about and they make damn sure that those
happen but it's a different Corporation
for a different policy Etc so it's
definitely the corporations are driving
everything including including Dei and
and all that other stuff
um that's my take but it's not like one
day it's just a bunch of corporate
interests that that sort of uh manifest
themselves through the system but no
coordinated they you know that the oil
people may be coordinated and the
banking people might be coordinated but
the two of them are not on the same side
necessarily you know it's just people
pursuing their interest that's what it
feels like to me I don't think there's
any they beyond that
effect all right um that's all for now
I'm going to say bye now to you three
platform
YouTube and Rumble and X where we're
live right now thanks for joining glad
you liked my new microphone I finally
upgraded you're welcome see you
tomorrow