oh yes that's the theme song for your
favorite part of the day it's called
coffee with Scott Adams and those of you
who are here early you're gonna get an
extra special bonus it's called the
simultaneous hip and you're here to
enjoy it doesn't take much to enjoy it
you don't have to be that prepared but
you have to be a little bit prepared
what do you need well let me tell you
you need a cup or a mug or glasses Diana
Chell is the tanker to thermos Alaska
canteen or a vessel of any kind fella
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine hit that makes
everything better the high point of your
day before it even gets even better
simultaneous sip it happens now ah so
good I feel that coffee coursing through
my veins
per hour Wow Wow okay you didn't need to
see that alright here's my favorite
tweet of the day from Liz wheeler of Oh
am so this is her tweet I've been
laughing about it this morning
let's see if I could read it without
laughing she goes man what an awesome
day for Trump first he forces Dems to
embrace anti-semites Omar and Talib then
he tells a fat protester in his rally to
go home and start exercising and
obviously and Abigail and if you don't
think this is awesome
I don't know how to talk to you and
what's funny is I immediately know that
we we could easily talk because I do
think that's kind of Awesome now as I've
said before making fun of people's
weight is a very bad look especially in
this country
because I think 60% of adults are
overweight or something but somehow when
when Trump does it because he's yeah
he's got a few pounds of his own so how
many he does it doesn't seem the same if
if a fat guy calls you fat it's not
really the same right oh listen it's
just not the same as if somebody's
skinny called you fat
I'm so ready oh that's pretty funny I've
been working on a brainiac to cure
bigotry they talked about that a minute
let's talk about some of the headlines
which are awesome all right what great
headlines we have we have to talk about
Green Man right so I was watching CNN
cover this story their president Trump
has floated the idea with his aides and
his aides have looked into it
I'm actually buying Greenland now I
guess there are 58 thousand residents
it's some kind of associated with
Denmark I don't know exactly their
political affiliation they're sort of a
protectorate of some sort and apparently
the ideas float been floated before I
think Truman thought about it etc so for
geopolitical reasons if you look at a
map I had to remind myself you know I
obviously I knew generally where a
Greenland was but I want to actually
refresh my memory by seeing it on the
globe don't look on a flat like map look
on one that's you know got some three
dimensions because if you see where it
is you say to yourself oh crap we do
need to have control of that little
piece of real estate because it's sort
of central to what probably will be some
kind of a fight for the North Pole of
its resources and its shipping lanes and
all that and it would be nice to have
you know a lot of control up in that
area for strategic purposes but here's
the funny part
so CNN's doing one of these four screens
at the same time situations where
they've got the the various panelists
and I'm watching one of the anti-trump
errs faces and reactions
as the story is being described and this
is how they they start the story it's
like yeah you know the president's
thinking about buying Greenland now
what's wrong with buying Greenland
nothing it's actually smart strategic if
Greenland said yes it would be very
doable practical strategic affordable
smart how did the CNN pundits react to
floating an idea that might not happen
but it's clearly strategic smart doable
and very affordable probably how did
they react let me do my impression that
those of you listening on the podcast
will not get to appreciate but here's
your is one of the the women one of the
anti-trump I see this is her face that's
it she just makes his grimace face like
a like a mocking smile like whoa whoa
hey Greenland oh I just shake my head at
the stupidity of it all oh I don't have
any words that I could use to say why
it's a bad idea because it's actually a
totally reasonable idea to float they
might say no but it's certainly worth
asking I don't have anything bad to say
about it so I'll just smile like I'm in
pain I shake my head mm-hmm meanwhile
one of the other pundits who's trying to
laugh it off well actually but didn't
want to look like a complete idiot
describes how strategically sound it is
as a at least something to consider it
was hilarious watching them so
biologically primed to disagree but just
didn't have anything this is the
greatest story ever because they didn't
have anything now here's the other great
part about it I'm going to assume it's
not going to happen but it might it
might
but I'm going to assume it won't but
wasn't it kind of brilliant if if Trump
had anything to do with you know the
story surfacing or anybody in Trump
circle that anything to do with
surfacing the story it's really
brilliant it's a brilliant story to
surface as a story because when you
think of the greatest presidents you
think of ones that had added territory
right you know you think in Jefferson
and the Louisiana Purchase and just just
the idea that the United States the
United States could substantially
increases real estate holdings in this
hemisphere I mean really substantially
at the same time it might be getting
warmer hey what if it gets warmer
Greenland's looking pretty good if it
gets warmer doesn't it so it's a play
it's a hedge for global warming it's got
some uranium it's got some other natural
resources and all that it kind of makes
Trump look like a big thinker because
that's exactly what it is it's big
thinking it is sort of trumps trademark
that he thinks bigger than other people
he said that expressly by the way I
think in the art of the deal he talks
about there's no point in having a small
idea
nobody cares about a small idea so he
has big ones how about instead of North
Korea you know doesn't nuke us how about
we become friends and help them build up
their country like that's big thinks big
so the green land thing is are just a
wonderful story to have out there
floating around it's all good even if it
doesn't happen it makes you think that's
presidents a big thinker which is I
watched oh and here's the question I
have about Greenland
how does Greenland defend itself 58,000
people giant country sort of a little
bit too close to Russia
maybe a little too close close to China
how do they defend themselves is it the
Danes do they wait for Denmark to come
come protect them if Russia attacks I
don't think so
I don't think so yeah I think that they
they depend on US forces primarily now
if you depend entirely on the United
States to defend you
are you a sovereign country kind of I
mean you get to decide who's and who's
the mayor and who picks up the trash but
if another country is your national
defense yeah I mean that I'm assuming
that's true just based on geography I
don't know I think about the defense
situation they're about kind of it
assuming it's true if you depend on
another country for your defense
are you a sovereign country interesting
question somebody says in Norway I don't
know but there's nobody who's protecting
against Russia except the United States
I would think in NATO being an extension
of the United States of this context all
right
I saw a Stephen Colbert do an interview
with Anderson Cooper and he said a
surprising thing he said we don't know
anything about Trump he said that there
are all these big holes and we don't
even know who he is because we don't
have his school grades and we don't have
his taxes and I thought to myself is
there anybody we know more about than
Trump and this this guy who's a critic
says we don't know anything about Trump
name a public figure that we know more
about I mean doesn't that just strike
you as a crazy comment that's not a
comment you can it's not just a
agree/disagree kind of a comments like
oh I have different facts or different
opinion or something to say that we
don't know anything about Trump meaning
that he's more of a mystery than other
public figures feels like exactly the
opposite of what I'm watching I feel
like we know more about this this guy
than anybody we've ever seen in public
life so it's amazing to two movies on
one screen situation in other news guy
Lena Maxwell Epstein's
I guess a ranger allegedly has been
spotted at in-n-out burger reading a
book about CIA people who died how
perfect is that
Jelena's reading a book about CIA agents
being killed coincidence - have you ever
imagined that a foreign intelligence
service or even a domestic one might
have an interest in somebody like
Jeffrey Epstein who in turn had a lot of
information about a lot of other foreign
leaders feels to me that the CIA would
want to be friends with a guy like
Epstein just to take advantage of his
blackmail operation you might want to
use it for themselves and say hey Jeff
can you do a sort of do us a solid can
you get this foreign leader to just
visit your Island that's all we need
from you yeah so I wonder if that was a
coincidence she was reading that book or
was she sent me a message all right I
tweeted the following tweet Don junior
retweeted it's was getting a lot of
attention
I said question if Trump's rhetoric is
so dangerous you know that's like all
the headlines right Trump's rhetoric is
so dangerous I said if Trump's rhetoric
is so dangerous why does the news have
to lie about what he says to make you
sound bad wouldn't it sound bad all by
itself now of course you know that I'm
making people think past thus a little
bit here and think that's the sale of do
they change his words to make them sound
bad and the answer is of course yes and
it when people are challenging me on it
I'm watching in my Twitter feed as
people challenge me they and what do you
think they say when I say why do you
have to change Trump's words to make you
sit on that doesn't sound bad all on its
own what do his critics say they say
Dale Dale could you come over here what
do you the president screwed
say when I say why do they have to
change his words to make you sound bad
shouldn't sound bad all by itself of his
rhetoric is bad what do they say Dale
they say they're bad all by themselves
he is worse over back at all by
themselves I see them with my own eyes
and my own ears well bad by themselves
see and so that I'm watching people come
into my Twitter feed and when people say
no his words really are bad I send them
either a link to my blog post about why
why only the Democrats you're a secret
dog whistle where I compare all these
alleged stories of trumps badness
rhetorical badness anyway and I
described how it looks different from
both sides but also people are sending
links to the fine people hoaxes
debunking which is the classic one where
they changed his words to make you sound
bad so I'm using it as an opportunity to
get out the word about the fine people
hoax which i think is finally finally
thanks to Steve Cortes especially at Joe
Pollak for for really putting a stake in
that hoax yeah well it will live forever
but at least now the record is clear
enough that if you google define people
hoax you would see the debunking there's
another story and the Don Lemon I don't
know what you'd call it
situation I I don't think it would be an
assault what would you call it so the
the allegation is that there was some I
think bartender off duty in some other
bar and he approached Don Lemon in the
bar there was very late and people were
drinking and Don Lemon came up to him
later and I'm not going to describe what
what is alleged that Don Lemon said or
did you could read about it if you want
but I'm gonna defend Don Lemon here you
ready so where the the news part of the
story is that there was a witness so
there was actually somebody with the
bartender who saw exactly what the
bartender described so it sounds between
the two of them
sounds like an accurate description of
what what actually happened
now the friend went away thinking that
nothing happened
think about that the friend went away
thinking that although you described the
exactly the same events it didn't seem
to have any importance to it and it
didn't didn't look like a you know some
kind of a sexual assault or anything but
apparently the bartender who was the
subject of it is saying that it had a
bigger effect on him and even even the
other witness says yes then he does what
he did notice there did seem to have a
bigger effect on the bartender that's
subjective but here's the thing if you
read about what actually happened it's
not like the guy grabbed didn't grabbed
him by the crotch or anything so it
wasn't a direct assault on somebody's
you know private parts it was something
kind of weird and gross and forward but
given that it was a man dealing with a
man and they were familiar with each
other in the sense you know wasn't
complete strangers I mean they had at
least had a small acquaintance so they
knew who the other was essentially here
was my take on it I just don't know that
this rises to the level of anything but
two drunk guys talking that's my take on
it now had one of the had one of the
participants been a woman I would feel
differently because I don't think you
can say that something that happens to a
woman has the same impact of something
that happens to a man the fact that Don
Lemon is gay I don't think that changes
the fact that the subject of the
encounter was a male all right
if a gay guy comes on to me whether I
like it or don't like it I probably
would just be complimented but I'm not
gonna have I'm just not gonna have like
a world changing experience out of that
I might get a story out of it but I
don't think it's gonna change my life in
any way yeah now those who say that
gender doesn't matter and I don't think
anybody says that there's nobody serious
who says gender doesn't matter in these
situations because it does matter
matters a lot
so maybe what lemon did was you know
creepy and weird but that's what drunk
people do if you go to a bar and this
wasn't even a regular bar this was a
late night bar where people go go to
this bar after the other bars closed I
mean it's like it it's the super drunk
bar if you go to these super drunk a bar
where people are gonna be super drunk
because it's that late at night you know
there's gonna be guys doing drunk stuff
in the bar now if you're a woman that's
illegal and you've got a case and leave
the woman alone but if it's a guy mostly
talking to a guy saying something it's
not that palatable not the worst thing
so I hate to disappoint you by siding
with Don Lemon on this but I gotta say
that I just don't see any jury having a
problem with this as a crime and don't
see it as a crime doesn't rise to that
even if everything that said about it is
true it just doesn't rise to the level
of crime in my opinion but read about it
yourself form your own opinion all right
one of the things Oh so president Trump
did two things yesterday that I thought
were so clever and I don't think he gets
enough credit for you know greevil the
green land thing is one I talked about
but he's going after Omar in two Labe
about this visit to Israel or the West
Bank and I'm a little confused
I think at first at first they were
going to go and then the president
talked to somebody in Israel and then
Israel changed their mind and said no
you're these two are backing the boycott
against Israel's so you can't come and
then I think maybe there's some kind of
exclusion for delayed because of a
relative missing or relative so I don't
know it's it's in flux right now but
here's what's great about it every time
Trump talks about this he forces the
media to talk about it you know they
don't have a choice it's just the
characters involved are just too
interesting too important it's the
president it's you know half of the
squad can't not talk about it and every
time they talk about this it's good for
the president and you know they hate
that because the worst thing they can
say about this is that he's being
political as opposed to you know being
presidential and when his supporters
look at it what do you think they say
yeah he's just being political instead
of being presidential the worst thing
you can say about it is his own
supporters would say well yeah that's
true yeah this is political that's all
it is it's just political do we hate it
no we don't hate it because it's kind of
funny first of all you can't I don't
think you can separate from the fact
that it's kind of Fabi kind of love it
yeah somebody says I love it I would you
know it's kind of funny it's very much
like when he cancelled the the airplane
ride for for Pelosi and her crew it's
just kind of funny it's just something
he can do so he does do it it's not the
end of the world nobody dies because of
it nobody loses money because of it it's
just sort of a sort of a dick move but
it's really effective I can't hate
something and honestly I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure I would say this if
somebody I didn't like was doing it to
somebody I liked I think I would still
appreciate how clever this is it's very
clever from the
president put the spotlight on them and
the here's the super clever part he does
this by explicitly accusing them of
racism and anti-semitism and he says
quote they hate Israel and all Jewish
people now is that in evidence there's
there any evidence that we could look to
and say oh yeah there's there's the
proof they hate Israel and all Jewish
people no no there's not
I mean you that might be your opinion
but I would bet that if you talked to
them and said all right you know here's
your truth serum serum do you hate every
Jewish person I wouldn't say yes of
course that you know even no matter what
bad feelings they have about Israel in
general I don't think in their you know
in their souls you could find them you
could find them to say that they hate
all Jewish people I just don't think so
now are they doing things which all
Jewish people might find distasteful I
say oh there's there's no such thing as
everybody agreeing on anything but are
they doing things which most Jewish
people would observe and say oh I don't
like that yeah they're doing that so the
president is extending the the criticism
in exactly the way it's happening to him
so the most effective thing that the
anti jumpers are doing are accusing him
of racism because there is no defense
against the accusation it's the one
thing you can defend because if you're
saying if you're going into public and
saying I'm not a racist
you're losing let's say you say I'm not
a racist and here's my good evidence
you're still losing if that's what
you're talking about
you're losing and so Trump has finally
found a way to get out of that box
because you can't get out of the box if
so many people are accusing you of being
in that that little racist box there's
just nothing you can do so instead he
found a very practical way to go on
offense so remember the president was
accused of backing those tiki torch
people in
phil's the neo-nazis who were saying
anti-semitic chance they're actually
chanting you know anti-semitic things
specifically and that was like their
primary messages seemed and now the
president's going after Omar and slave
for being like those protesters so he's
basically lumping Omar and too late
he's lumping them with the
Charlottesville neo-nazis he's putting
them in the same category at least on
this the the one question about Israel
and that makes them have to defend it
they are forced to defend the accusation
and they can't they can't because nobody
can defend an accusation of racism it's
the only an indefensible thing maybe the
accusations of sexism are right behind
it but you can't really defend against
it every time you talk about it you go
deeper in the hole
so he decided this since he couldn't get
out of his hole he would dig a little
hole for them and now they're in the
hole and this is never gonna go away
Omar and today it will always be the
anti-semitic Congress people now whether
it's true in the sense that that's what
they're thinking in their mind whether
or not they separate Israeli politics
from Israeli people doesn't matter if
they're defending against this charge
they're losing and it's branding the
Democrats as hypocrites and racists so
that's pretty effective so let's talk
about hacking your brain you save
something fun for the end so I've been
having this problem of trying to get out
of the house meaning that the simple
process of getting in my car and driving
somewhere is so difficult now that I end
up being in a rage of anger
before I've even started the car here's
why here's the list of eleven things I
have to remember to bring with me to go
to the gym all right this is this is how
our world has become complicated if I
want to go to the gym here are the
things I have to remember every time I
could remember to put on some sunscreen
yeah at least for my he had a neck I got
to remember my hat my earbuds my wallet
my phone my car keys I like to bring a
protein bar and my own water they don't
have good water at the gym sunglasses
that are sometimes in in the house and a
charger from my battery no I know what
you're gonna say you say well leave some
number of those things in the car now I
do have an extra hat etc but the number
of times I could actually get out the
door without having to go back in and
guess something it has it has reduced to
zero zero times I think walk out the
door get in the car and drive away and
be happy about it a hundred percent of
the times I get in the car and I go oh
forgot my ex and I got to go back and
get him now you're right I'm trying to
improve my system so that the number of
things I have to remember will shrink
yeah I see people suggesting keep them
in the gym bag now that would require
doubling things so I would need to
double my prescription sunglasses that's
expensive I would double my earbuds
that's expensive I don't really have two
wallets but I suppose I could you know
have extra credit card and some cash
yeah so I could do that and I will but
the first step was making the list so if
I could at least look at the list and do
my inventory before I leave the house at
least it would be one trip so I used
this yesterday for the first time and
let me tell you why I had to go to this
this is a simulation story so the other
day I tried to put together all my
things to go to the gym I thought I had
them all and I was carrying them in like
a little pile
like in my hand in some of them were
gonna go with my gym bag and stuff
before I actually pulled out of the
garage but I put the belt I put them on
the console of my car in the middle
console and I said to myself and I swear
to god there's no way you can verify
this but I swear to God I said this in
my mind I said to myself this was so
complicated but now I've got this I have
everything I need I'm gonna go to the
gym there's only one thing that could
derail my plan of pulling it in my
garage and going to the gym and I
thought to myself the only thing that
could go wrong is if my car key slipped
off the little pile on the middle
console and by coincidence went directly
into the crack between the seat and the
console where I would not be able to
find it and I thought to myself that's
the only thing that could go wrong and
as I thought that I looked out of the
corner of my eyes and watch my keys
start to move it moved across the top of
my wallet and it douve into that crack
between the seat and the console and I
looked down and it was unreachable it
was unreachable so I abandoned my trip
to the gym I had flashlights and sticks
and I spent the next hour of my life
trying to get that key out of the only
place in the world it could have fallen
where I could not easily get it out I
did eventually get it out but by then
time had gone by and I had no time to go
to the gym it was the next day that I
created the checklist now I've added to
my system do not put things on the
center console of car so my new rule is
I'm not going to set anything up there
period I'm just not going to put
anything on that console doesn't matter
what it takes I'll put it on the seat
I'll put it anywhere else I'll not put
it on that instead of console so the
story is about systems versus goals my
goal was to go to the gym my system of
gay
there wasn't working so what I'm doing
is I'm AP testing myself toward a system
that could work that has the advantage
of decreasing the amount of things I
think about
now take that take that simple process
of going to the gym and the complexity
that they grew up around it now
multiplied by that that by everything
you do all day everything you do all day
is super complicated needle just super
complicated and it's just fill as your
day until you're exhausted is annoyed
and you have mental illness literally
and so um that's that's a question on
system now if you're having trouble
getting to the gym to the gym by the way
this is what my book had it failed
almost everything and still wouldn't big
is about it's about developing a system
to help you do those things we're just
having a goal wasn't getting you there
you're developing a daily thing you do
so you get to get your objective so
we'll talk about that another time how
to develop systems to get to the gym but
I wanted to run something by you
wanted to run by you a system for
deprogramming people from racism that's
weird oh here it is
do you think I could do that do you
think I could create a system or a brain
hack to deprogram bigotry I think that's
possible
I think it is now you'd have to a/b test
it but I'll tell you how I would start
let's say you put me in a room I'm a
trained hypnotist for this if you don't
know and I've studied persuasion for
decades I've written about it for
anybody who's new here could I
rewire a racist brain to be less racist
do you think that could be done with a
conversation the answer is maybe it's
definitely in the realm of doable things
because we do we do observe that in fact
it was just a story today than theirs
about somebody who was a neo-nazi for
decades have just decided to yeah that
it was all just bunk and decided to
renounce racism after decades of being a
leader in some kind of a neo-nazi group
and we know people change we know people
start out as racist and become less
though so could I talk somebody out of
it in a short interview shall we say I
think yes and here's how I would
approach it now this could require a lot
of repetition so don't don't assume that
just hearing this once makes a
difference but it would go like this I
would start by telling people you know
you do understand the bigotry of all
kinds whether it's ethnic or age or
gender you realize that that those are
built into us so I'd say to my bigot I
would say you understand that you and I
and everybody else is the same in this
one regard that racism is our default
circuitry and that makes sense it makes
sense that we're all bigots because in
the old days back in our early human
past we didn't have information about
other groups and if you saw a tribe
coming toward your tribe and they didn't
look just like your people in whatever
way you had a threat so any group of
humans that didn't look like your group
of humans was dangerous throughout most
of human history so you should not be
embarrassed by the fact that your
natural default circuitry is bigoted
because you were you evolved under you
know in a world in which that was a
useful reflex but things have changed
today we don't need to make decisions
based on you know gross big visual
things like ethnicity or looks or color
or anything like that because we have
social media we have the internet we can
find out about a specific person to the
point of being safe or not safe quite
easily
so the utility of being a bigot the
usefulness of it was really useful you
know a million years ago or hundred
thousand years ago let's say a hundred
thousand years ago it was really useful
today is more unuseful than useful
because we can find out about
individuals in a way we couldn't before
so first you get people to you pace them
the worst thing you could do if you
tried to talk somebody out of bigotry is
to say you're a bigot and I'm not if you
start with that you're done that no
progress could be made but if you say
there's one thing we all have in common
we all have default bigoted circuitry
now you don't believe that ask anybody
you know if they have mating preferences
by ethnicity and gender ask people if
they have a preferred gender they would
like to mate with and do they have a
preferred ethnicity that they like or
don't like I've never met anybody no
matter how good they were you know as
humans no matter how unprejudiced they
were I've never met anybody in private
who didn't have a strong preference
about who they wanted to mate with now
it's not all bigotry in the way that you
imagined for example I have two people I
knew quite well two women who were white
women who would only date black guys
period that was their preference and
they weren't gonna change that for
anything didn't matter how awesome you
were if you were not a black guy they
were not interested in any kind of a
relationship with you and I'm talking
about marriage kind of relationships not
just messing around so it is true that
everybody I've ever talked to personally
has some kind of a preference for I
prefer this these types over this type
isn't that bigotry of course this of
course it is there's no such thing as
non bigoted people by default it's how
we're all wired we are patterned
recognition machines but we're not good
at it now one of the things I would do
is I don't have good examples for you I
would I would give a person some
examples of where we saw a pattern
but it was false if I had time maybe I
describes that the Bible code if I tie
and maybe I talk about how everybody was
sure there was Russian collusion but it
didn't happen so I'd give a bunch of
examples where the person said oh yeah
we did think there was a pattern there
but then when we looked into it we were
fooled there was no pattern so first you
want to get so here the staffs talk I'll
keep reminding you first you pace which
is you agree with them say yeah
everybody's bigoted by Nature you I
agree with you on that secondly then you
take them through the the fact that that
we now have a way to use our higher
level of reasoning to get past it to
think above it and we have a way to
overcome our default you also point out
that everybody's got a mating preference
because then your Bagan will say oh yeah
yeah you it's a good point I guess
everybody's a little bit bigoted it just
like being so pacing is an important
part of influence and once you got there
then then you say what is it about your
group whatever whatever groups this this
big yet belongs to you say what is it
about your group that's so awesome
you can probably get that person to say
well let's say it's a do not see that
person is likely to say something like
we'll look at all the things that white
people invented that's a common thing
right it's like white people invented
this and invented that right that
therefore the neo-nazi would say white
people must be pretty awesome
and then here's what I say as I'm
reprogramming the bigoted end of their
bigoted view I say but you're not Thomas
Edison why do you get credit for what
Thomas Edison did what is the logic that
connects you to somebody you're not
related to that isn't you how are their
accomplishments in any way related to
you these are just different people now
you could say that some groups have
greater variety there you know some
groups have more people adding the edges
you know that more geniuses
or more criminals whatever you could say
there are some groups have more more
tail participants you know less people
in the middle that might be true how
does that help you those are just
different people those are not you you
didn't invent anything how can you be
proud of strangers accomplishments
explain that to me at this point because
you've pasted the person and you've
agreed that you're all starting with
some you know bigoted circuitry there
they're sort of with you up to that
point and they're not going to disagree
with the statement that they are not
Thomas Edison and that's just a
different person and if you're taking
credit for that different person well
that's not working now then here's the
last thing in my experience the biggest
will often if you if you take them
through any kind of an argument they'll
often default to I'm just not
comfortable around X kind of people it's
you can walk them through the logic
until they just give up on all of that
and then they go ok and it doesn't
really apply to me personally just the
fact that there are other people who are
smart you don't get credit for that
you don't get credit for other people
being smart that's it most people will
default to well but I you know I like my
people and I just I just want my people
to be around me and spend more time with
my people to which I say have you ever
gotten used to something you didn't
think you'd like because a lot of what
we think are our preferences are
actually quite fluid imagine all the
times you thought you wouldn't like
something and then you just were exposed
to it for a longer time then you just
liked it think about the people in your
life that you call your friends how many
of them are basically turds that you
just sort of got used to all right when
we spend enough time around other people
we kind of get used to them it doesn't
matter who they're you you could you
know throw you into a
remote tribe somewhere and you say oh my
god I'm not not at all like this remote
tribe but we come back in a year and
you're gonna be best friends because you
get used to people that's how we're
designed we get used to stuff so that's
that's the the brain hack that I would
start I would seed those ideas but it's
the sort of thing that needs
reinforcement now I think there was a
time when you could not convince people
to be less racist and that time was
before you had so many good role models
of people from every ethnicity every
group every every you know sexual
orientation were were succeeding
wonderfully if you had no examples of
people succeeding wonderfully then you
might say well there's some reason for
this because you know maybe this group
can't have any successful people but
then you say well who was our president
for eight years recently who's the best
athletes you know or the best artists
you know right you know I don't have to
go through the list black people are
just killing it in every you know all
over the place if you look at who is the
president focusing on for his you know
his his criticisms always focusing on
Omar and too late to which I say ruk me
that's the best news this country has
ever had I hate to be the optimist all
the time but just think about this the
news is that the president United States
is trading criticisms with two women
people of color I believe you would use
that term for both of them and it's a
fair fight that's the news
if we were not just so fatalistic you
know looking at the negative all the
time you'd be looking at the best news
this country has ever experienced the
best news this effort this country has
ever had is a high-level fight that's a
fair fight fair fight is the key here
it's a fair fight
between the President of the United
States and two women who are so
successful that there are the headline
news and that what they want and what
they care about is what we're talking
about think about that they think about
you yeah well so whether it's a gender
issue or a personal color issue it works
the same that these two women have
reached the highest level of
effectiveness
you know you could disagree with what
what they're saying of course but look
at the effectiveness what stopped them
nothing what got in a way of them
reaching the level that they've they've
reached what what was their obstacle
nothing in fact you could argue that
maybe their gender and maybe the earth
Misty's gave them a boost can you think
of better news than that I mean we like
to focus on the drama we like to focus
on blah blah blah the you know they're
fighting and blah blah blah so is it
racist and you know which one's the
racist is it the President or is it or
is it Omar who's the racist so we're
sort of arguing on that layer you know
we're in the weeds but just just take a
minute take a breath get out of the
weeds just just give yourself some
distance from the content of the
specific you know the Israel and stuff a
little bit uh you just rise up a little
bit the headline story in this country
is the president the United States in a
fair fight meaning critical fight
criticisms with two women people of
color how's that not the best news in
the entire United States do you feel me
I mean you could look at this as you
know bad but when that's the kind of
conversation we're having don't lose
sight that they got there you know they
got to the show I talked about Trump he
knows how to put it on a shelf and he
understands the value of the show he
knows that politics is you know it's
much the show as it is the the deals and
the negotiations and some and Omar and
to Labe and AOC in particular they get
it they understand the power of the show
and they and they bring it so I give
tremendous respect to all of those Squad
members for amazing success in this
country even if you don't like any of
their policies so let's not lose that
and I'm going to end on that note and
I'll talk to you later