[Music]
bumbum bumbum hey everybody come on in
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
today with extra cursing some people
like sugar in their coffee some people
like cream I like extra cursing not
everyday but sometimes there are just no
other words that can get the job done
we'll get to that in a moment but first
let's do the important things it starts
with a little thing called the
simultaneous sip where's everybody this
morning huh crowds kind of light is
everybody sleepy well here's what you
need to get going you need a cup or a
mug glass of tanker gels or sign the
canteen Joker flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee coffee and cursing and joining me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine today the day the thing that
makes everything better including the
damn pandemic go mmm
I can feel our data improving every
moment so I did a little lesson last
night on periscope on affirmations right
now that's still live in all the places
that is live at some point that might
move only to locals but for now it's
available in all the usual places if you
want to catch that interesting lead
twitter has announced that it's going to
allow its employees to work remotely I
don't know what that means in terms of
transition I assume that they'll get a
choice of going to the office or working
remotely but as smart people have
pointed out the commercial real estate
market might be in for a big hit in the
Bay Area because a lot of big companies
are gonna say we don't need this much
office space so but that'll take a while
to wind through the system I guess
so Pelosi has a three trillion dollar
relief proposal and I saw Tucker talking
about it as the only people who could
fund this borrowing would be China and I
asked myself are we understanding this
right if we just print the money we owe
China money do we print it an issue
instruments which China buys and if we
do why would they buy it why would they
do that is this little better than
whatever they're doing you know it's
better than the alternatives there's
something about you know I've got a
degree in economics and I'm looking at
all this printing trillions of dollars
and I don't have a clue I I don't even
have a good guess of where that ends up
do you and do you have any idea where
that ends up what happens when you print
what five how many trillions are we
gonna print altogether six right and
somebody says why only three trillion
why not six I have exactly the same
question because your instinct is well
you know you don't want to have too much
but I say to you who knows what's too
much if you would ask me I'd say well
three trillion is too much one trillions
too much 100 billion yeah we could push
we could handle that but a trillion no
three trillion six trillion nobody knows
what the limit is think about that the
smartest people in economics we can't
get this right within ten trillion
dollars would that be fair would it be
fair to say that the best experts in our
world on economics don't really know
within ten trillion dollars just for the
United States I'm not even talking about
the globe but for the United States we
don't know the right answer within ten
trillion dollars we don't know is there
a place where you you've gone too far
and you can
recover is there a place that isn't far
enough ten trillion dollars and we don't
really know we're just guessing
so that's scary speaking of scary
AOC is apparently gonna join Biden's
campaign to be on some kind of a climate
change panel which will go well until
she accuses him of sexual crimes because
the fun thing about AOC is correct me if
I'm wrong but didn't she I think she
came down a little bit harder on Biden
than other people didn't she
am I remembering that wrong so she's
sort of dangerous to have inside the
tent but at the same time you kind of
have to because she's made herself
somewhat indispensable done quite a good
job at that I would say so I love the
fact that that's even being talked about
but what's funnier is the fact that
Biden is literally hiding in his
basement and well here's here's another
wonderful thing that the simulation has
served up didn't you imagine that all we
would be talking about this summer is
the women that Biden was sniffing and
touching and hugging and kissing didn't
you think that he was going to be you
know all handsy in public and it would
just be one story after another he's
handsy touched her you know he's just
Joe that's just that way he is he's
affectionate but the simulation delivers
us the one kind of crisis that makes Joe
Biden unable to touch women how weird is
that the only thing that Joe Biden
really really needed to have a
legitimate chance of winning the the
election well he needed two things think
about this
two things that Biden needed to win the
election number one an excuse not to
debate them all right because if he
debates he's gonna lose everybody knows
that so he needed some some
extraordinary situation to cause it not
to have to debate
delivered the other thing he needed was
something that would keep him away from
touching one in public and he got the
only kind of the only kind of crisis
they would have that specific quality
don't touch anybody in public what else
can you think of any other anything any
other crisis I mean even AIDS you can
touch people all you want you're not
gonna get it from a hug right so this is
the rarest weirdest once ever problem
that Joe Biden who would be touching
women in public and losing his race by
doing it
can't do it the only two things he
needed were delivered to him by a
pandemic now that of course is a reason
he's leading in the polls and some of
the swing states one imagines that as we
get closer that that lead will disappear
now my interpretation of Biden's poll
numbers are that Biden is still
representing a generic Democrat in my
opinion people don't yet know who the
Democrat will be so they're just sort of
keeping that Democrat vote on Idol well
let me park my vote with Joe Biden
because that's where I wanted to be
parked when the new car comes so I don't
think you could take anything from the
Biden polls except that it's a funny
situation so in the bid in the news we
saw that Rand Paul was sort of facing
off if you want to put it in sort of TV
terms against dr. Fauci on the question
of reopening the economy in schools in
particular
ouchy of course being a medical
professional has a a bias toward making
very very sure and I appreciate this
about him to make it crystal clear the
people understand the risks I think he
does that so I would say that how she
does a as good a job as you can with the
information that's available
to let people know there's a real risk
and and and I think he's done that well
so I won't take that away from them one
bit but it must be sad that he has a
view of one part of the world but he's
not making any claims about the economy
or how that will kill people either in
other words he's sort of silent on the
part of that he's not an expert on which
is how many people will die from bad
economy and I appreciate that because
he's not an expert on it but also nobody
else is the problem of course the Rand
Paul I think was calling how is that if
you're only talking about a half the
equation you may not get the right
answer now I would like to break this
down to you with a chart here's the
chart that we don't have that we need if
you were truly doing a thing called
managing with data which would be
different than say managing with I don't
know guessing or managing with random
chance if you were going to manage with
data one of the things you would need
and fact check me on this if you're
gonna manage with data you need data
right actual useful data that would be
sort of the minimum requirement for
managing with data to have data do we
have it well the question of when we
open up comes down to the two curves the
Cova death curve which we hope as
already peaked and maybe as plateauing
or lowering and then what happens if you
close the economy well I would say that
for the first several months there isn't
that much impact because it takes a
while for any kind of a big shock to
work its way through the system but the
longer you wait this curve is gonna
start getting steep and it might get
steep kind of quickly I don't know what
quickly looks like but it's gonna happen
so there's nobody who disagrees that if
you waited long enough you'd have at
least a risk of the economic downturn
being way worse
then the Cova desu now here's question
am i wrong that that's the only thing we
need to know doesn't doesn't all of the
data come to this point which is can we
tell when the when is the crossover are
we already there are we already past it
and it's too late are we well before it
and we can afford to wait a few more
months
who exactly knows the answer to that
question because that's the only date of
the matters is that the right date are
we there near it past it or what let me
summarize this in more earthy tones
because sometimes all these complicated
charts and graphs well they might not
clear things up as much as you want so
sometimes you have to put it in clear
language
so here's leadership by data breaking it
down and so the only data we need to
know is that crossover what's the best
date to go back All Things Considered
that's the only thing we need to know
also the crossover date is the only
thing we don't know all right so
it's the only thing we need to know and
it is correct me if I'm wrong do some
fact checking out here it's the only
thing we need to know and coincidentally
it's the only thing we don't
know we don't know it even a little bit
we don't have a good idea we don't have
a guess we don't have a model we
don't have anything that shows us both
the coronavirus desk and the economic
desk
we have idiots arguing
in public like they've got some
secret knowledge about where that
crossover point is you don't
know you don't know where the crossover
point is nobody knows so what do
you do when you don't know well
you don't sit at the kids table if you
want to be a charge you've got to move
to the the adult table at the adult
table we can say things like
we'd love to measure with data we don't
have any data that's useful well
we got lots of data is all
useless
the only thing we need to know is when
is that date that's the best time to go
back to work now it might differ by
region of course that's the basic idea
and we don't know that do you
know why nobody's studying it have you
seen a model that shows you the economic
deaths on the same chart as the Cova
deaths no you haven't seen that
model if you haven't seen that it
doesn't exist all right
just guessing do you want your
government to just guess on your
life no you don't you don't if somebody
is gonna guess about whether I
live or die that's gonna be me it's not
gonna be doctor foul Qi
it's not gonna be Rand Paul as much as I
respect them both for their respective
service it's gonna be me all
right every time I don't delegate that
decision they can do their decisions
about what they want to do but if I'm
gonna guess if I'm gonna live or die
that's up to me that's not up to
anybody else so here's the thing why do
we let these pretend they're
managing leading using data when nothing
like that's happening there's nothing
like leadership with data that's
happening of course you know it makes
sense to collect as much as you can and
know as much as you can but if the only
thing you need to know is that crossover
date when to go back to work and we
don't know it and we're not gonna know
it and there's no way to know it stop
acting like this is some rational turn
that data that's just not what's
happening so what do you do when you
don't know you do a Rand Paul suggests
who apparently is the only rational
person in the whole government
because you know it's not like I agree
with him on everything he says but when
he says here's something you said that I
think was completely overlooked in the
coverage I saw it in the coverage but
emphasized which he said that one of the
reasons to let the individual locales
make their own decisions is because
nobody knows what the right decision is
so you diversify just like a portfolio
if you don't know what stock to buy you
buy a bunch of stocks and you hope that
the ones that go up compensate for the
ones that go down because you don't know
do you know why you don't buy if you're
a good investor and you're smart and you
understand investing do you know why you
don't just go out and buy one stock cuz
you don't know what's gonna
happen to one stock nobody does
I mean you can think you do but it's
just guessing if anybody could buy one
stock and know it was gonna go up the
entire financial model would be you know
the world would be upside down because
nobody can do that so let's uh sorry I
just get a little worked up here so what
Rand Paul says is that you should do the
same risk management that you would do
if it were a portfolio portfolio you
just buy a group of stocks and hope most
of them go up Rand Paul says we don't
know what to do with these school
openings let each of the region's take a
shot at it maybe we'll learn something
maybe someone will go too far some while
work people will die kids will die
children will die and still it's the
adult decision because we don't know
what to do you might as well let people
make decisions that are at least closer
to their individual situations you know
you could maybe talk to your mayor but
you probably can't talk to your
president or your governor that'd be
harder so you got to push these life and
death decisions especially when it's
children I mean come on do you want your
government to decide what children your
children live or die now I think some
parents might have to say I'm not going
to send my kid I mean there might be
some tough family decisions but you got
to push that decision down to the local
level I think especially for the schools
so I am on the team Rand Paul 100
but I would note that neither he nor
doctor foul Qi know the right answer but
Rand Paul suggests the way that you move
forward without the data if you don't
understand how brilliant that is then
you've missed the biggest story the
biggest story is that there's one person
in the whole world who suggested
how to move forward without sufficient
data when all the other
at the kids table are saying let's wait
for some data let's not do something
that's too soon and too dangerous how
many people have you seen saying we
don't want to do it too soon but we
don't want to do it wrong just
stop saying that it's just what
everybody's thinking you might as well
say oh I've got an idea today let's all
breathe air huh st. buddy thought about
breathing air it's all over and it looks
like it's free let's breathe some air
and while we're out at it and breathing
air let's let's not go back to work in a
dangerous way that's too reckless
thanks for all the leadership so Rand
Paul gives us the answer which is if you
don't know what the right answer
is let people make decisions diversify
it some are gonna be wrong really wrong
and people are gonna die but that's the
decisions we have you don't have to be a
ghoul to know that's true because people
die either way you just got to try it
Rand Paul's right all right I also
wonder if we've considered this let me
just tell us that an idea we're assuming
that schools start in in the fall
because they always do remember this is
coronavirus era and all assumptions are
now capable of being challenged
is there any reason the school has to
start in the fall for example why can't
is start in
July could school start in July wait for
it to wait for it if it were outdoors
suppose you put up tents around the
school so that you could have some
people in classrooms with lots of
distance but other people would just be
in the tents and also with distance but
also outdoors could you move classes
outdoors well is still warm because I
don't think people are going to be doing
a lot of family trips and stuff in the
summer you know like as normally it
would be the case so is there anything
that would prevent us from using the the
safety of the outdoors while it's still
warm
get going see what it looks like when
the weather turns you know when you hit
when you get December or not December
when he had let's say late September
reevaluate
you know have we learned anything do we
have a new therapeutic are we a month
away from the vaccine yeah we'll know
something by that so I'll just put that
out there is there a compelling reason
you couldn't just spread out to campus
have some tents teach outdoors and start
in July instead of September just put it
out there all right let's see looks like
a California State University system is
already saying that they're not planning
to have classes it's a full year or the
fall semester and man that's a big one
you know there's there's one weird I
hate to look at the bright side during a
crisis because it just sounds like
you're ignoring the bad stuff so without
ignoring the bad stuff we all
acknowledge that the tragedies
everywhere I've noticed something and I
wonder if you've noticed it so I do I do
leave my home occasionally too to go
outdoors that's about it so what I'm
outdoors I see other people outdoors in
my neighborhood and here's a trend I've
noticed adults walking and or jogging or
biking with what seemed to be probably
college-age kids that are back because
of the crisis
so what I'm noticing is older children
and their adults
spending quality time together in a way
that I just really never seen normally I
mean just the other day watching a what
was obviously a dad and a baby I don't
nineteen year old daughter or something
jogging and I thought how often do does
that dad and that 19 year old daughter
go jogging together how often do they go
for a run I don't know there might be
something that's happening now because
if you say to the the typical teenager
let's say take a little 14 year old you
say who do you want to hang around with
your parents or your friends well no
contest right they want their friends
they don't want to spend a minute with
their parents except for the basics
right but now a lot of people sort of
had to spend time with their family it
was just the only option and if it's
your only option you start feeling
differently about it and and I'm
wondering if this whole coronavirus
situation has given people a a new
appreciation for their core family
because in normal times we're sort of a
distributed species meaning you know you
can go to school and you go off to your
job and you've got all these different
support systems
you got your government does this for
you you know there are the coaches and
organizers and stuff so you go through
life sort of just depending on this big
distributed system that takes care of
you in whatever place you are in doing
whatever you're doing
but then the crisis happens what happens
when the crisis hits go home to your
family that's it go home to your family
get in that house with your family now
do you understand your priorities yeah
your priority is suddenly crystal clear
I mean there were before but we live
this life where you know you you don't
focus on your priorities they're just
sort of taken care of
you're not thinking too much about the
the family structure you just live in
your life and then suddenly the crisis
had sudden boom who do you depend on
who's gonna be buying you groceries
what's not your teacher it's gonna be
somebody in that house who's gonna make
sure that the lights stay on somebody in
that house right so the the value of the
family unit in our psychic land map I
guess just went way up so in my opinion
the value of family probably increased I
don't know
50% in how we think about it now one of
the things that they've all said on
Twitter a while ago I don't know if he
came up with it or it was influenced by
somebody else but the idea is that the
you are the sum of your traumas now I'll
be talking about that at some future
date because I don't think you're I
don't think that's all you are
you're the sum of lots of things but
your your traumas are a big part of it
and the trauma of the coronavirus is
going to be a a forming variable for an
entire generation so people my age I
don't know if I'll be forever changed by
it you know at a certain age you don't
change your worldview that much but if
you're a teenager and you just went
through the coronavirus situation I do
actually think it will change you and I
think that you will be changed forever
and here's the weird part
probably in a good way because this is
this is exactly the kind of risk exactly
the kind of thing that will toughen
people up and give them a more realistic
sense of the world they're living in I
feel as though this was a tremendous
lesson if you will a bad one but a
valuable one for a lot of people all
right so that's the good news
so here's a question for you you saw the
poll that said something like seventy
some percent of Republicans think the
worst is behind us whereas about 70 some
percent of Democrats think the worst is
ahead of us so the the Republicans tend
to be optimists on at least the
coronavirus situation and the Democrats
tend to be pessimists but I asked you
this question is that always the case
I'm wondering I'm wondering how broadly
universal it is that Republicans are
more optimistic because that has an
impact on turnout doesn't it let's say
you're a Republican and you say screw
the coronavirus I'm gonna go vote I'm
not worried but you're a Democrat you're
like I don't know might get that
coronavirus if I go vote don't you think
that there will be some kind of a party
difference in just fear literally just
how worried are you that if you voted
you would die so that's my question I'll
bet you could measure that and I'll bet
I have a I have a bad feeling that the
election will be decided entirely by the
virus are you feeling that too it feels
to me like this next election will not
be decided by the people it looks like
it's going to be decided by the virus
because the virus first of all could
take out one of the candidates I mean if
we're being honest either by dinner
Trump might not be here on election day
I mean we have to actually look at that
as a serious possibility I think it's
you know we'd be talking in the one
percent range risk but it's real and
then so the corona virus is going to
affect how we think about the candidates
whether or not we show up to vote which
one of them is alive basically it's just
not even up to us anymore
I believe the corona
viruses are new form of government right
we used to have this republic democracy
thing and now we have a virus which will
totally depend on our virus has
determined our budget our virus has
determined our educational system
doesn't exist the virus has broken our
you know medical system at the moment
hoping that's not permanent you know
wiped out the economy the virus is sort
of in control yeah it would be a coup
for us to win back control of our own
country alright I have a little thing I
want to do to make you really mad but
that's why you come here
you come here to be challenged you don't
come here for the easy stuff get that
everywhere else here's the challenge for
you as you know most of my viewers as I
know from experience tend to be pro
Trump types and anti Obama types and
you're thinking to yourself that the
news has revealed that President Trump
has broken a not Trump the President
Obama broke some laws regarding the baby
authorization of the investigation of
Flynn and then the ongoing work after
there was no evidence of any kind of
collusion going on that continued so
what I'd like to do is I'm going to
invite some callers on but I only want a
special kind of caller so if you're if
you're if you signed up to talk to me
for a general reason if you could remove
yourself from the list because I only
want to pick somebody who wants to do
the following I want I will play the
part of President Obama and I want you
to accuse me of whatever crime you think
I've committed and then I want to watch
I want you to see how easily I talk you
out of it all right so I'm Obama you're
gonna accuse me of some specific crime
about Flynn or Rush occlusion
investigation or unmasking or anything
so you can accuse me anything you any
law you think I broke and then I'll show
how easily I can defuse it make it go
away cuz that's the part you don't want
to see right you don't want to see that
maybe there's nothing there there might
be there by the way if more gets
unredacted we might find out there's
some smoking gun
but we don't have that yet let's see if
anybody thinks we do so I'm gonna take
somebody who came on more recently just
because they're more likely to be on
topic all right call her can you hear me
what hello are you here to to accuse me
of a crime as President Obama mr.
president did you surveil the candidate
from the opposite party from the
adversary party did I no I didn't do any
surveillance mr. president did you
authorize any surveillance of the
opposition candidate no I don't work on
that kind of a detail level I did too I
did ask Comey and Yates what they
thought in terms of should we treat to
slim the same now that we know you might
have some Russian suspected Russian
affiliation or maybe some affection for
them that we don't quite understand so
until we get a hold on that I have some
questions that's all I have I just had
some questions surprise mr. president do
you take responsibility for surveillance
of the opposition candidate well you
know the president always has to take
responsibility but that's different than
being aware of what they were doing
so mr. president you do take
responsibility for surveillance of the
opposition candidate I always take
responsibility for anything that happens
in my administration but it is true I
was not aware of that and nor would it
be normal that I would be aware of the
details mr. president do you believe
that it is just an fitting and ethical
to surveil the opposition candidate and
do you anticipate this will happen in
2020 it's definitely a security and
national security concern if we
think that there's some foreign
interference in our government so in the
in the very specific case where there is
some credible evidence of right of
exterior influence then that would be
one case that I'm a special case
individually you might want to look at
that but in general now you would not
want to have a situation where you're
surveilling the opposition that would be
terrible but if there's some your
accusation of treason or something
that's a really big deal well you'd have
to look at that one-on-one
mr.president had you been aware that the
opposition candidate was under
surveillance would you have stopped it
well I don't answer hypotheticals mr.
president
should we allow surveillance of
opposition candidates I in general I
think it's a terrible idea as I said the
only time you would even consider it
would be a special case where you
thought there was some credible reason
that foreign governments were
interfering with the country because
that risk would be so great that that
would be the one time you least consider
it
mr. president you aware the top members
of your administration are in privately
on transcripts and hearings before the
Senate inquiry claimed that there was no
evidence of Russian collusion by Trump
and yet they publicly declared that
there was aware of these two
contradictory facts no I don't believe
those were facts do you have any
recollection that this happened no I
didn't see that ever happened I saw
their public comments and I and I know
what they said in private when they were
with me and I didn't say any conflict
these statements conflict clapper said
no the statements don't conflict the
news is confusing two different concepts
when the people on TV talked about clear
evidence of collusion they were talking
about things the public actually already
knew they knew that the president asked
publicly for Russia to give him emails
some people say he was kidding some
people weren't sure and they know that
that the intelligence agencies and I
don't have any other information that
they don't have say that Russia did some
hacking and did some troll activity so
we can say for sure that the public has
the information that the president asked
Russia for help Russia did in fact
provide help that certainly gives you
cause for a concern and certainly it was
worth looking into
it is true however that when we looked
for direct evidence beyond those things
which I do consider direct evidence but
beyond them they had not found any but
of course that's the purpose of an
investigation you don't do an
investigation only to find things you do
an investigation to find out if there's
anything to find and they did not find
direct evidence beyond those things I
just mentioned go ahead mr. president
was there a predicate or probable cause
to keep the investigation into Flint
open and to further question him I
wasn't involved in that level of detail
mr. president you were recorded in cats
on tape in a hot mic moment muttering to
your to the ambassador from Russia I
believe that he should inform Vlad that
is glad Mir Putin to just wait until
after the election when you would have
more flexibility what did you mean by
that statement
isn't that an obvious statement well why
would you have why would you be
surprised by that all presidents have
more flexibility in their second term
and this is a good example of why
conversations between leaders should be
kept private because there are things
you say to set up a relationship or
conversation there might be a first
offer that you're hoping to negotiate to
so it's always a little dangerous to
your a you know a snippet of a private
conversation you'd have to see the whole
context to even know what that meant
sky unbelievable you should
but but my only point is by the by the
way you you you are excellent are you
what is your job in real life I there's
a journalist for many many years and now
I have a healthcare startup based on
journalism
ok good so I knew you had to have some
kind of experience I thought you were
gonna say lawyer but journalist same
same kind of thing being able to dig
down to the right question those are
exactly this was perfect I didn't expect
that the first person I picked would be
that good so thank you you think you
need and you were perfect well so my
point is this if you think that we
already have enough to you know do a
purple walk with Obama we're not even
close you're not even in the universe of
where Obama is threatened by any of this
could it happen dude do it do we smell
it do it do we feel it's like it's ah we
might be just one more unredacted thing
and we're gonna get him but you know
could happen I just haven't seen it yet
so I just want you for a favor yeah okay
go ahead teach me and teach us to do
what you were teaching last night to
transform our lives with those
affirmations about which I'm skeptical
but you're an intelligent guy so I'm
willing to willing to try anything well
if you saw my presentation last night
that's that's all you need to get going
the second part of that is just try it
and see what happens remember it doesn't
cost you anything
so if you don't try it you'll never know
if you do try well maybe you'll still
never know you'll always think that you
maybe you got lucky just because you're
you're lucky but there's not much else
to teach one once you once you see that
this is the technique and there's no
real way to do it wrong you know I get
questions like should I throw away the
paper I wrote them on or does it matter
if I chant them or sing them or it none
of that matters it's simply if you can
focus on this goal with whatever
technique for 15 minutes a day or
whatever it takes that's telling you
something it's telling you something
about your commitment
it it's telling you something about how
much you want it and maybe maybe setting
your filters in your mind or somehow
improving your filter on life we don't
know but that's it I'd say give it a
shot see what happens and by the way if
you if you wanted more on it read my
book had a fail at almost everything and
still win big that would be the sort of
perfect place to see the affirmations in
context of how to change your life I'd
buy the book and I appreciate your time
thank you so much it was a treat Thanks
all right well that one hardly how often
does does something go that well what
were the odds that the very first person
I pick would be a you know a
professional with experience at asking
questions of people like me I mean that
was sort of perfect all right did I make
my point that if you think you're going
to see handcuffs on Obama not based on
information we have not based on
anything I've seen but it'd still be
reported as you know obvious moking gun
by the the people want that to be true
so I just put that out there don't
assume that I want something different
than you want I'm just predicting all
right spill of burnt almonds your
comments are so random although I know
what that means of course yeah if you
don't have tapes on things you know I've
often thought that one of the
superpowers that Trump has is that he
doesn't use email and I don't think he
texts and I think that there are no
written records of anything that Trump
is done bad isn't that funny that I
think Trump for years has only done
verbal communication now you probably
thought to yourself there probably was
you know ten years and Trump's life
where people were thinking ah can you
just send an email you know send me a
text and then he becomes president and
you realize
the best thing he has going is he
doesn't have a written record of
anything his opinions are not written
anywhere except on Twitter where he
wants you to see him alright
somebody said I thought Scott set that
up with him in advance I wish I had
because I would have picked him if I
knew I could have picked somebody that
good well I didn't pull him out of order
he was literally the most recent person
who signed up to be a guest so it wasn't
so so I knew that he was there for that
reason so there was a selection element
there all right I don't have anything
else to talk about this morning and I
will see you tonight