[Music]
hey everybody guess what a lot of people
asked me Scott won will you do the best
periscope you will ever do when does
that happen
today it's today yeah the best periscope
I'll ever do it's today and before we
start is there something we do before we
get to the good part yeah yeah there is
it's called the simultaneous sip and
look at me I'm back I've got my notes I
can do it right all you need is a copper
of our glass a tankard chelators died in
a canteen trigger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee enjoy me now for the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
including racism including the pandemic
pretty much everything it's called the
simultaneous effort that happens to help
go well allow me to make your day a
little bit better it goes like this
many of you have contacted me privately
in many cases and said some version of
this Scott I'm afraid the world is or at
least the United States is coming apart
a revolution is coming the Marxists are
gaining power there is a racial strife
and everything's bad and we're all going
to die some version of that and I would
like to give you some
active based on the fact that I am old
yeah you would think there would be not
that many benefits of being old why
would you be wrong yeah I gotta tell you
the most surprising thing about becoming
my age I'm 63 now the most surprising
thing is that while there are obvious
disadvantages and everybody would know
what those are physical etc there are
way more advantages than you would ever
imagine ahead of time alright you just
couldn't imagine and one of them is that
I've been through this before
a lot of times this this thing that
looks like it's the end of the world
I've seen this a lot but if you're
younger you haven't or if you just
hadn't been paying attention to the news
until now you haven't now why does it
seem worse this time and why does it
seem so much worse it's because the
media changed its business model from
telling you the facts
to getting you worked up and getting you
worried so you are part of a system
social media plus the news business
which absolutely and there's no
exaggeration here nothing I say should
even be slightly hyperbolic these are
facts that are established the left
agree is the right agrees every
researcher everything I'm going to say
is 100% agreed by everybody right there
will be no facts which you say well
Scott I'm questioning that part of your
assumption you won't the next thing I
say you'll agree with completely the
business model of social media and of
the news is different than it used to be
and it's different in the sense that
they are intentionally they're
intentionally promoting content that
gets you worked up so here's the first
thing you need to know if you can just
for a moment do this exercise this is a
real thing
you imagine yourself in your body right
wherever you are you are yourself right
you are yourself and how you feel and
just feel that like look around and say
alright this is me I'm in my body in the
world now do this take your imagination
and rise out of your body and and and
literally float above it and just in
your mind's eye see yourself getting
smaller and smaller as you get higher
and higher and away from the earth and
now that you've got some distance in
your mind's eye you're like a satellite
looking down on the earth and it's just
this big ball of nonsense and now with a
little bit of distance ask yourself this
do you think that your opinions about
the news are objective or do you think
that you have been manipulated by the
highest level of science we've ever
applied to manipulating the human mind
that's what social media is and it's
what the news business becomes by
testing and then retesting until they
know what works and what doesn't
from the perspective of space you can
look down and you can see yourself and
now you can see yourself as part of that
system and as you see yourself from
above objectively now looking at
yourself you can see all the the forces
attacking you every time you turn on
Twitter and look at Facebook turn on the
news and you can see all those forces
now they're almost physical you can
almost see a line from those entities to
you and these lines are affecting you
they have to you're affected by
everything you're affected by bad news
good news events successes failures you
know you're affected by all of it and
now the most effective scientifically
honed precise technology is being
directed right at your brain and you can
see the lines these lines of influence
now in your imagination they're physical
now it's not just a thought is not
invisible now now you can see it
you see yourself you're small you see
the lines coming in from all the forces
they're the ones that are programming
you there's something I've been saying
for a while then you've heard and you
understood but you didn't really
understand it until I took you to space
and you got to look down and you can
actually see the lines of influence now
and here's the thing that you didn't
understand before your opinions are
assigned to you your opinions are not
your own thoughts your opinions on the
big stuff that the political stuff your
opinions are assigned to you that wasn't
always the case before when the forces
of manipulation were weak we did not
have the science to know how to do it so
perfectly and so strongly you had a
little bit of freedom because you were
not being controlled by external forces
as so much of course you always had
illegitimate media throughout history
but it wasn't that big of force maybe
you didn't even think about these things
too much
so here's what you need to know there
there are real problems in the world but
have always been there real problems in
the world now as enormous as you think
they are are actually quite small by
historical perspective as big as this as
protests across the country coronavirus
the economy these are real problems
absolutely 100% real problems that are
really just this big there were some of
the smallest problems in the history of
humankind you are experiencing the best
of times that the media has told you are
the worst now when I say the best times
I don't mean the the current few months
which are difficult by any standards the
other there was a real problems but
they're not real problems that are real
big compared to what the
civilization has handled in the past
imagine if you will the sixties and
young people you know who were a
gigantic part of the population said
revolution I grew up in a time of
revolution when I was young we wanted to
not we not me so much but young people
wanted to overthrow the government and
you had Nixon who was a criminal you've
had Kennedy who was assassinated maybe
by the Mafia you don't really know
there's never been a time in our history
you know if you include the civil rights
marches all the violence that came with
that these are way bigger problems way
bigger problems and the way you can test
this for yourself is is look at the way
people are talking about them they're
not talking about solutions so much
no they're talking about it in political
terms that's how you know if these are
not real problems in the way that
they're being presented their real
problems in the sense that there are
problems and then they should be solved
you know police brutality etc real
problems do need to be solved but
they're not nearly as big as you think
they are and by historical perspectives
kind of easy kind of easy if I were to
let's say go to another planet meet
another civilization and they would say
hey tell us about your problems there on
earth but give us sort of a historical
context and say well you know you got
your you got your mass starvation
throughout history and the wars and the
the the nuclear bombs falling on people
world war one world war two and then the
alien would say all right all right
you're scaring me those those are really
some big problems you say are you
kidding I haven't gotten started we got
the Korean War then we went to Vietnam
for no good reason we went to Iraq
killed a million people for reasons we
don't know and the alien says man you're
getting me depressed fast forward to the
future like is it still that bad
this is still that bad and now of course
you've been hypnotized back on earth so
here's how you answer is it that bad are
you kidding me in 2020 is so bad people
are destroying statues and the alien
says I'm a little confused now because
you were telling me about world wars and
nuclear bombs and and now you're talking
about a statue of being two-faced not
really the same now I know that some of
you are saying Scott Scott Scott how
naive are you do you not know that this
is a clever plan by the Marxist the
Marxists are controlling black lives
matter the Marxists are controlling
antiphon and what they're doing you
think it's just some statue stuff oh god
Scott Scott what you don't realize is
this is step one a necessary plan it's
all been scripted and planned and it
goes like this
first we will suppress your free speech
then we will get rid of all your symbols
that make you what you think you were
and once we've dismantled all of your
symbolism and your hope and your free
speech then we move to the next level of
control maybe maybe when was the last
time something that sounded like that
really happened when was the last time
anything that sounded even vaguely like
that you know I'm talking about right
just sort of vaguely sort of like that
when does that ever really play though
how about never
how about never are you worried about
gun confiscation we just sold the most
guns that have ever been sold in the
history of humankind in the last three
months do you know what the biggest
conversation among civilians who don't
have guns is when they're gonna get
their gun I don't know anybody who
doesn't have a gun who in the last three
months didn't say I'm gonna get a gun
nobody I haven't heard a single person
who was gun less
who didn't say I'm gonna get me a gun
now no I'm getting a gun all right so we
are very bad at predicting where things
are going to go but the the big point is
things are not nearly as bad as you
think here's a little red pill for you I
tweeted the only reason we don't treat
social media as a national mental health
crisis you would agree right social
media has created a national mental
health crisis is that statement even a
little bit controversial it's not is it
wouldn't you say that science pretty
much backed set up a hundred percent I
don't even think there's any dissent I
doubt anybody on the left or anybody on
the right anybody educated anybody an
uneducated would disagree with this
statement social media is a national
mental health crisis but why don't we
treat it that way do you know why we
don't treat it that way because the
things we think are important and the
way we think about them is controlled by
social media social media tells you not
to worry about social media destroying
your mental health now I don't say that
that they don't tell you that what they
do is either consciously or
unconsciously it's the effect of the
system is that it's not the biggest
issue we're talking about somebody says
German in 1930s Germany 1930s had so
many differences that that analogy is
rejected and by the way if you have to
go to the if you have to go to the
Hitler analogy to debunk my point you've
already lost that rule that rule is a
hundred percent solid if your only
argument is a Nazi analogy you have
self-immolated you've lost your argument
before you started
all right I was asked on Twitter today
to comment on Joe Biden's decency theme
so I guess Joe Biden is sort of branding
his campaign as one based on decency in
words of that type and here's my take on
that
nobody wants decency decency is the sort
of thing you say in public it's not
anything you care about if you poke me
you put a microphone in my face and you
put a camera on me and say Scott you
could be on national television
tell us some things you think are
important I'll look right in the camera
and I'll say I think we need to restore
decency in America and then you turn the
camera off and I go home and Christina
says you know I've never heard you talk
about decency before is that is that
like one of your top priorities and I'll
say no I haven't thought about that once
in my entire life not once if I woke it
up and say you know decency would be
good somebody's using Hong Kong as an
example of you know the slippery slope
nope Hong Kong was doomed on the day
that they signed their original
agreement with Great Britain to be Hong
Kong because the the agreement itself
said that it would return to China Hong
Kong never had a chance there's nothing
like Hong Kong Hong Kong had no chance
of permanently being independent because
of the geography and power there wasn't
anything that could have stopped that
from happening and while we can we can
not like it we also can't stop it so I'd
say that Joe Biden's decency angle
doesn't hit any emotional lever and so
it's it's just sort of dead on arrival
it's the sort of thing you'd say if you
just don't want to cause any trouble
Joe say something that just it's easy to
understand and and people will not mock
you for it too much because it's just
sort of basic but it won't get anybody
excited in any way whatsoever what would
that be well Americans could return to
decency Yeah right
that that's as close to nothing as as a
an opinion could be and if Joe Biden is
serious about returning to decency you
would think he would be speaking out a
little bit more about destruction of
public property looting and violence in
general but I don't hear that I don't
hear I don't hear him being against
decency unless it's directed of course
as political rival speaking of Joe Biden
there's a there was a little news item
did you catch it
this little small news item yesterday
that apparently the smoking gun has been
found that he is one of the key
architects of a coup against the legally
elected president of the United States
President Trump oh yeah
that's a little bit of news now any news
like this is subject to re-evaluation
and find again it's all wrong 48 hours
later so I remind you of that but at the
moment it seems that a Peters Rock memo
suggests that Biden was the first one to
float the idea of using the Logan act
against wrongly accused general Flynn
now it's in the note now does that mean
it's true well you can't know that the
note accurately accurately represented
the actual meeting so there's always
that uncertainty but you're gonna
believe it I mean if it's on the note
you're gonna treat it like it was true
and given that we all understand the
Logan Act is
spirit by the way I would like
to introduce a term today there there
are lots of excuses for things and
rationales for things that you might
call
but the Logan act as a means of getting
at general Flynn might be the
iasts thing that anybody ever came up
with in the world there's and
then there's
and then there's whatever would be the
 eeeh sting anybody could ever
think of or do and it would be using the
thoroughly unconstitutional has it been
tested but it's clearly unconstitutional
Logan Act the idea that an American
citizen especially one who's who's in
the incoming administration can't have a
conversation with a member of another
country so whoever came up with the idea
of the Logan act as their that as their
way out to Flynn is clearly the the
person who kicked off the coup when you
say I would say that Biden has been
identified now as the co-conspirator
with Obama of the coop now will that
ever be American history let me ask you
this who writes history well you think
history is written by the winners then
that's true in a in a national sense you
know if a country beats another country
in war then the winning country gets to
write the history but what about a
history that's disputed within the
country it's the it has nothing to do
with another country do you think
history will show that based on stocks
note that we could determine that Obama
and Biden conspired to use a
transparently bogus bullshit' deist
excuse the Logan Act which by the way
there's nobody who thinks that's real
thing in terms of something that you
should be or could be you know something
that somebody would go to jail for
and if it's true and this is also in the
handwritten Oh from struck that Obama
said make sure you use the right people
what's that mean what's it mean when the
president says to a subordinate make
sure you use the right people because if
he meant use your best people seems like
you would have said that can't read his
mind
I you know were were deeply involved in
mind reading here because it's
necessarily important because the
intentions of the people are the whole
story if you don't understand their
intentions then you don't understand
what happened because things either
accidentally happened or it was a coup
against the United States elected
president those are big differences but
I can't my brain cannot conceive of why
you would use the phrase use the right
people when what you meant was use your
best people do you have to say right
people if you mean you should use your a
team use your best people doesn't really
seem like a phrase you'd use does it now
again can't read his mind can't read his
mind but the way this will be received
is that we have the smoking gun it seems
now completely clear that Obama and
Biden used the power of the government
to try to take out a political rival and
in this context of taking him out would
be literally a coup against the United
States now based on what we know today
and again this could change tomorrow
right could change tomorrow tomorrow we
might find out Oh
he writes notes and he makes stuff up
you know maybe we find another Strock
note that is so clearly fake that it
makes this one look less credible
anything can happen right so every
conclusion is preliminary in today's
world and then it's also revealed that
Comey thought the call with his lyac
Flynn's call with his lyac was fine so
given these three data points
by then suggesting the Logan Act Comey
saying that the phone call was fine in
other words no no obviously no crime and
Obama saying use the right people
instead of use highly qualified people
or the 18 were the best team I would say
that if you wrote the history of the
United States it should say that the
obama-biden administration committed is
essentially an act of treason under the
under the cover of law so I would call
it an act of treason but under the cover
of loss of not technically not
technically or as treason the right word
whatever it is when you overthrow the
country your own country but let me ask
you this do you think the history books
will record that because I think that's
the truth and let's say it gets
confirmed that everything we've heard is
actually what happened the history books
will never write that that will never be
your history and you can watch it you
can watch it in real time because you're
alive now how long will it take for the
history of this period to be written
it's sort of being written as you're
alive so you get to watch the history
books being written now just to be clear
there will certainly be published books
that make the same statements that I
just made but there will be books that
don't make that statement or say it's BS
or hyperbole but what will we teach in
schools yeah what will what will high
school kids learn what will college
students learn will they learn what I
just told you nope not even a slight
chance in my opinion that they will
learn it alright let's talk about Bubba
Wallace who in my opinion it gets cooler
every day so I have a very positive
opinion about Bubba Wallace only limited
to the few things I know about him so I
don't I don't like to endorse anybody's
complete
anything because you know god knows what
he'll be you know what else he's ever
done in his life who knows if I like
that or not but we know he's very
successful athlete
we know he's very charismatic and we
know that he was fooled essentially
because somebody very credible told him
this noose was hanging there and he
believed it believing people who are
credible is not really a big mistake it
was a big impact but as mistakes go
uh-huh I mean that's such a small
mistake I'm not even sure you'd call it
a mistake really but here's his
statement and I told you before he
issued his statement about this I told
you what form it should take to be
perfect and I think he hid it so his
actual statement is about as perfect as
you can as you can play this and it's
it's almost identical to what I said
should be the form now I don't think
that anybody listened to me and
therefore that's why they did it this is
a fairly standard thing that a good PR a
good PR agency would guide you to this
but it's especially well done so here's
the statement let me tell you what's
good about it so he starts off by saying
it's been an emotional a few days now so
first of all he's pacing you because it
was sort of an emotional few days you've
been feeling it right when you heard it
maybe you got a little emotional so he's
pacing you yeah he's emotional too
you're emotional good form
so he's pacing the audience then he says
first off first off first off all right
he says first off so he's signaling
here's the important part I want to say
how relieved I am that the investigation
revealed that this wasn't what we feared
it was he wrote I want to thank my team
NASCAR danny FBI for active and swiftly
and treating this as a real threat so
see what he did he emphasized that the
important thing is how people responded
because it was so well intentioned and
really perfect it you know I'd have to
compliment
NASCAR so even though NASCAR you know
you could say made a mistake and you'd
be right because it's obviously a
mistake but they kind of still came out
looking pretty good
meaning that NASCAR I thought
presented themselves to the world in a
very positive way but by backing one of
their people now you know you could
argue that they're you know it's they're
being politically correct etc but it
didn't really play that way it it played
more like sincere people who actually
care about this and they care about
their teammates they care about their
sport and actually felt what they did so
I think it was all sincere alright so
here so then he goes on and here's the
magic part of this Wallace says I think
we'll gladly take a little embarrassment
see how he framed it he framed his role
in it perfectly perfectly he did not he
did not say I mean basically he's just
saying here's how to frame me frame me
as you know silly basically he said I
think I will gladly take a little
embarrassment over what the alternatives
could have been ah that's so good that's
so good
because because he frames that as these
two choices a little embarrassment or it
could have been this bad thing now there
is a third choice right
a third choice is he made some kind of a
boneheaded mistake but the way he framed
it was a little embarrassment that's
really good really good communication
really good persuasion whoever whoever
advised him and this is obviously the
work of professionals that you know as
smart as wallace appears to be because
he looks it looks like a smart guy just
based on his interviews he can't come up
with this all right the this is not
something that an athlete comes up with
unless they
you know really had some background in
this this is professional work and it's
done well and then he says make no
mistake though some will try this should
not detract from the show of unity we
had in Monday and the progress we've
made as a sport to be more welcoming
environment for all yes perfectly done
congratulations to Bubba Wallace my
guesses say his despite this I think
that his reputation and brand will come
out ahead just because the way he
handled it all right apparently general
Flynn can flute can sue the Department
of Justice because his property if his
prosecution is continuing to be shown in
bad faith and it looks like the recent
ruling by the appeals court demonstrates
that the prosecution was in bad faith
like there there's enough objective
evidence they can actually sue the
Department of Justice to get his six
plus million dollars back how much do
you want him to do that a lot some of
you do all right
let's talk about kung flu so the the
latest little anti Trump media is to try
to make come flu sound like a super
racist thing and of course to make it
sound racist you would have to leave out
the following obvious fact which I feel
I can speak to as a white person so as
your as your let's say a spokesperson
for all white people
I just appointed myself you don't have
to like it but here's what you need to
know I have never met a white person who
thought come from foo the actual sport
of Kung Fu was anything but kind of
Awesome have you is ready is there any
white person who thinks that the actual
practice of kungfu
is anything but kind of Awesome that's
it
it's just a positive thing like karate
right does anybody have a bad opinion of
karate
no how about judo jujitsu do you have
any negative feelings about them no not
at all
so what I hear kung fu' I just have a
positive thought about it and the fact
that it's associated with its you know
its origins and its creation is in Asian
countries does that make me think less
of a country in fact I don't know where
it came from to China and then kung-fu
or do I even have the wrong country
probably that would be typical of me I'm
not informed on my kung-fu but given
that kung-fu is considered nothing by
positive literally you couldn't find a
negative opinion about comfo and this
associated with a certain part of the
world its origin doesn't that also make
that kind of a positive thing for where
I come from came from so you can try to
turn that into a racist thing but at the
very least kung fu would have to be a
bad thing to be racist otherwise it's
just a it's a provocative way to call
attention as the President does to the
origin of it so as I pinned my tweet
today I've decided to reclaim free
speech now as you've noticed freedom of
speech has been narrowed and narrowed by
what other people are telling you is
polite or appropriate to say and there
have always been words that you wanted
to stay away from for example the n-word
I personally find that word offensive
and so I don't even like I don't even
know how I could get it out of my mouth
it's like it's it's the the worst of all
words in the entire English language I
think I could say this safely it's
literally the worst word in the English
language so if you look if you let's say
roll back the tape to a few years ago
and you say Scott do you find yourself
oppressed because white people can't use
the n-word and I would say
no no is that a big ask is that is that
like really inconveniencing you that you
can't use the worst word in the whole
freaking language the most insulting
demeaning worst word ever no it's no big
deal
now does that reduce my freedom of
speech yes yes you know in a practical
sense not in a government legal sense
but in a practical sense that word and
your freedom to use it in polite society
is effectively removed but you don't
really miss it right you don't really
miss it so who doesn't bother you but
then more and more things get added and
and the realm of things you can talk
about shrinks and shrinks and shrinks
and at some point you have to say to
yourself okay that's far enough
you know because remember I always tell
you that the slippery slope isn't real
because eventually there will be a
counter force that pops up here it is so
I'm one small example of the counter
force so here's something I tweeted
today which I'm not allowed to say and
that's why I pinned it because I'm gonna
reclaim that space now I'm not gonna
push all the way back to I need to say
the n-word there's no other word that
can work for me now I'm not going to be
a jerk I haven't I've no interest of
defending people whatsoever
I there's nothing I don't get anybody
advantage from that why would I do it
so without wanting to offend anybody and
wanting to be helpful which I always am
I tweeted this white privilege is a
racist term in my opinion anyone who
uses it as either a racist an idiot or
an but rich privilege is the
thing you know obviously rich people
have privilege so so that's my statement
now I would say that maybe a week ago I
would have been canceled for saying this
and I think only one troll has come
after me so far i swatted him down
but to me personally the term white
privilege and I think a lot of you would
have the same effect is nothing but
racist because what it does is that
basically a throw is poor white people
under the boss now I'm not a poor white
person not anymore I used to be I used
to be a poor white person but I also had
an education so you know I wasn't
disadvantaged I had a way I had a way to
get money so just being clear about that
so certainly being educated as an
advantage being tall as an advantage
good looking healthy healthy is an
advantage where you're born who your
parents are not being a drug addict not
having mental health problems we have a
world full of advantages if you're going
to pull out my if you're going to pull
out one of them and say oh this is the
special one that's the bad one you know
you can't have that special advantage
even if you imagine exists so let me let
me be as clear as possible white
privilege is not imaginary but everybody
has a little bit of privilege for
different things
there is also black privilege what would
be an example of black privilege
well freedom of speech black people have
freedom of speech in a way that white
people simply don't nobody even you know
there's I don't think there's even a
black person who would disagree with
that statement it is objectively clear
that black people have more for you to a
speech so every you know and I don't
find myself complaining about it too
much like it's it's just something you
notice but it doesn't really affect your
life too much they go yeah there are a
few things you could say that I couldn't
say how much does that affect my life
not at all no no it's no big deal so do
I care that told people get paid more
because that's established beyond any
doubt do I care yeah yeah I care because
that's an advantage I don't have I wish
I did how about handsome people strong
people healthy people
people whose parents were awesome you
know there's a million kinds of
advantages picking out this one
privilege or one advantage that your
being white doesn't matter if it's true
or false it is just racist right it is
racist to to talk about white privilege
in exactly the way it's racist to talk
about a high crime rate in the black
community why do white people cross the
road if they say if they see let's say
ten black youths let's say twenty
something's coming the other direction
and you don't know what their deal is
does that raises every group has their
own privilege and let's just acknowledge
it why not just say there's lots of
privileges find your find your advantage
and talk about that so I no longer
acknowledge the category of black
problems they're just problems and by
the way Ed Latimer I think he he pushed
me over the edge on this do you all do
you all know add ed Latimer on Twitter
so he's african-american but he he
doesn't buy into that let's say he's not
drinking all the kool-aid so when you
see his advice and that's mostly what is
his Twitter feed is about sort of blunt
truth advice from his perspective first
of all his advice is typically brilliant
some of the best most most usable
functional way to frame your reality
that you'll ever say so it's really
important and and he he tweeted the
other day I don't have the exact tweet
but the essence of it was that you're
perfect your problems aren't special so
this is ad saying your problems aren't
special and I wish I had the exact quote
but he said something like no matter
what your problem with no matter what
your problem is there's somebody in the
world who has that same up
problem and
and and fixed it no matter what your
problem is somebody's had that problem
and fixed it now that's just the most
useful way to see the world that you'll
ever know alright and and it's almost
that's almost a recording that runs in
my head all the time and always has
since I was a kid which is yeah you've
got problems they're not special and
somebody has had your problem
before and they solved it so how about
that how about maybe you figure out how
to solve your problem so that's my new
frame on this I've no longer going to
have a conversation about fixing black
problems but I'll have lots of
conversations about fixing poor people's
problems just people are poor yes if
anybody wants to have a conversation and
actually I'm deeply involved in this
whole this category because I think
where this needs to go is lowering the
cost of a good life from housing to you
know energy to your phone bill just
making all that stuff affordable so that
somebody who didn't get a great start in
life can still get into a good life and
then build from there
in other words if you handle all your
basic living requirements at low income
well then maybe you can take some
classes maybe you can you know work on
building your skills and get to the next
level so if you want to work on the
problem of how do poor people of any
type you know right rise up I'm all over
that acknowledging of course that as a
percentage that would be far more
helpful for black people than other
groups just because of the way the
percentages work but I don't want to
talk about brought black problems any
more right now could I have said that a
week ago no a week ago that would be
considered racist and I believe that it
will be considered racist today so I
expect I'll get some blowback but what
I'm doing is what some of you can't do
you couldn't have pin
that quote gives you with your fired so
the things that I'm gonna be saying in
the next few weeks are almost entirely
things that would get everyone if you
fired you don't need to retweet me okay
you don't even need to follow me in fact
it's gonna be dangerous to follow me you
might want to unfollow me and just check
my Twitter feed if you're interested so
I wouldn't necessarily think it's a good
idea to follow me in the coming weeks
but here's the here's what you need to
know here's the larger picture I do not
have any negative intentions not trying
to hurt anybody
alright I'm not trying to hurt anybody
I'm not even taking sides all I'm saying
is I'm done with white privilege as
being something I will accept as polite
conversation it's just not polite
conversation the day has no place in
public discourse if you want to say
there is a rich person privilege I will
agree and I'll say yeah you're talking
about me now do I have privilege hell
yes are you freaking kidding me do you
know how much extra privilege you get
when you're rich it's amazing
you should try to you should try it you
should do whatever you can to get it
because it's so good you only won't
believe it so yeah there's rich
privilege and I will do whatever I can
that makes sense for my skill set at
cetera to help poor people whatever they
look like to get what I got I would like
poor people to get what I got extra
freedom you want some extra freedom I
think I can help you know that's why I
wrote the book had it failed almost
everything and still win big you will
see on Twitter literally every day
people refer to that book and say how it
changed their life how they learned how
to stack skills how to use systems
instead of goals pretty simple stuff but
just those simple reframing
allowed them to build their life
substantially and usually a year or two
you know fairly quick results
so I would love those sorts of useful
tools to be more widely available to
people who need a hand whoever they may
be but talking about black problems is
just being a sucker to the manipulation
of social media and people who are you
know jockeying for power and the
political process I declare myself a
free person I declare myself a free
person I'm free I don't have to I don't
have to frame it the way you tell me to
frame it I don't care that ignoring I'm
not ignoring it because statistically
there's something there and there are
you know real ripples from slavery it's
all real it's just not as special that's
the difference the problem is real it's
just not special so is my imagination
whereas Facebook just turned into a
digital photo album run by bigots why
does Facebook stay in business you ever
ask yourself that because it's sort of
weird at this point isn't it the
Facebook is this gigantically successful
profitable business and it's nothing but
a digital photo album
run by bigots that doesn't even make any
sense does it and you have to ask
yourself why is this happening and the
answer is kind of dark I use that word
intentionally there there's something
very dark happening then that allows
Facebook even to be a business and here
are a few of the things number one it is
a psychological manipulation app the
point of set of Facebook in terms of
what it's doing to you the user is it's
almost like farming you know it's almost
like you know you the public who uses
Facebook or like the livestock you know
and they're giving you a little little
shot of this little you know growth
hormones and stuff so basically you know
you're just this
mental livestock and Facebook feeds you
all this psychological manipulation and
then they can measure how worked up you
get about it oh this one got somebody
really angry this is making them really
angry let's promote that one you know
now that we know this makes people angry
we'll put that in the front of the
algorithm so the first thing that's pure
evil about Facebook is that it is a
cycle psychological manipulation
business model and by the way I don't
think anybody would argue with that
characterization there are people within
the company who would agree with that
that's objectively observably true that
psychological manipulation is the
primary thing they do but then there's
that the business model of selling
advertising you've probably heard that
advertising doesn't work there are
dozens some special cases but for most
people it just sort of doesn't work now
I know that because I've advertised lots
of stuff different things from from
books to restaurants to you know
everything and so I've seen you know
Facebook ads being used a lot I've never
seen them work not once
now do you think that the people who buy
the ads no it doesn't work well the
people who buy the ads at least the the
biggest ones the ones that have the most
money the ones that matter the most or
not the people like me who would buy an
ad and test it out that sort of thing
we're talking about a big corporation
who would make a big corporate by the
way that's done is that there'd be an ad
agency and the ad agency makes money by
getting a company to buy the biggest
amount of advertising because the more
advertising they buy the more the agency
can charge because they're involved in a
bigger deal alright so the ad agency has
an incentive to lie and manipulate the
corporate leaders who do the buys do
they have the power and the technique
the persuasive ability these are ad
agencies literally trained to
psychologically manipulate people that
is their skill they've learned that they
only get to work at a top ad agency
because they have the skills to
manipulate Minds and those people with
those skills come in and sell their
service to some facebook person who's in
charge of buying ads and they say this
is the greatest stuff in the world it'll
make you a star and by the way you
probably don't need to be told this but
Facebook employee if you were in charge
of a really big budget you'd probably
get paid for you might get promoted for
being somebody who was in charge of a
big budget people would think that's
important so Facebook employee that I'm
selling the service do you know that
your career will be better the more you
buy because that's the bigger your
budget so I'm gonna give you some
that's not true and you don't believe it
about how well advertisement will work
you're gonna take that that
that you don't believe but you're gonna
sell it to your boss because if he buys
the that's now good it went
through two filters and he thinks this
advertisements gonna work or she thinks
this advertisement is going to work
notice how inclusive I am then your
career will be better so what's
happening is you're seeing the
advertisement which basically doesn't
work except in some specific cases but a
specific case would be for example a new
product that somebody didn't know
existed and they needed it it's like oh
I didn't know that existence so in those
limited cases it can be useful so that's
that's their business model it's
basically people selling to
people who want to believe it's true
because that will be good for their
career if they act like it's true so
there you go
that's Facebook and now we know from the
there was another undercover video this
time
my James O'Keefe and Project Veritas and
once again we're seeing that the the
people who manage the Facebook
algorithms and others are literally
racists they're literally racists and
you hear it in their their own words
they they're not hiding it pretty much
just hate white Trump supporters alright
so that's the business that just doesn't
need to exist Robert Johnson the Black
Entertainment Television founder I think
he's must be a billionaire he said in an
interview with Fox News this just made
me laugh if you want to know what kind
of mental model makes you a billionaire
this is it all right so don't think of
it just in terms of the cut the comment
is kind of funny think of it in terms of
oh that's why he is a billionaire this
is why he's a billionaire it's this type
of thinking and he says yeah Johnson
said that those who are destroying
statues across the country quote have
the mistaken assumption that black
people are sitting around cheering for
them saying oh my god look at these
white people they're doing something so
important to us they're taking down the
statue of a Civil War general who fought
for the south now I could not love that
better because really do you think that
there are black people sitting around
saying thank you white people for taking
down those statues we thought we had
some problems to solve but man you've I
think you've taken a bite out of it we
thought we wanted to you know make more
money and have more freedom and less
discrimination but we didn't know that
what we needed was for white people to
knock down statues the whole thing is
ridiculous
and to watch the way Robert Johnson just
so succinctly just took the piss out of
the whole thing
and and summarizes so clearly you can
see in just this little quote you can
see why is a billionaire you take this
mindset to anywhere you're gonna you're
gonna have some kind of success BuzzFeed
is reporting that the cities that had
the big black lives matter protests are
not seeing any coronavirus spikes oh
we're so surprised are you surprised
that when people March for what BuzzFeed
would would support as a good cause and
of course less racism is a good cause
and less police brutality is a good
cause that when you March for a good
cause the corona virus doesn't touch you
now they've got reasons of course maybe
it's cuz it's outdoors maybe and this is
the funny part they're saying maybe it's
because the the protesters were wearing
masks and they showed a picture of a
bunch of protesters wearing masks and I
said to myself I've seen a lot of
pictures of protesters I didn't see a
lot of masks they were definitely masks
maybe 40 percent what would be your
estimate of how many had masks thirty
forty percent I don't I guess it depends
which one you're looking at there were
some more they had a lot of masks and of
course now we're if you want to see the
future let me predict the future
black lives matter protesters do not
spread coronavirus but wait wait there's
some new information coming in about the
future yes
Trump rallies do create coronavirus
hotspots yep I think we're gonna find
that out now it could be it's also true
the thing you can't rule out is it's
also true because when you pack people
tightly together inside a building and
they don't have any masks which would be
a trump rally and they're yelling we
should be like a choir
if the Trump rallies do not cause a
spike in coronavirus I'm gonna be amazed
but the truth is even if it didn't I
think it would still be the news
so let me say that again clearly I've no
no medical doctor but everything we've
heard so far especially that like a
choir singing together is guaranteed to
spread the coronavirus if any of them
have it because it's the you know that
being closed for a long time and
exhaling a lot and singing so the Trump
rallies are almost designed to create
hot spots I mean you couldn't come up
with a better way to do it
and let me say is as bluntly as possible
because I every whenever I get painted
into the corner of saying it looks like
I'm agreeing with everything Trump does
I don't agree with everything Trump does
indeed having now watched the the
rallies I would have to say they're a
bad idea very bad in fact it makes Trump
supporters look stupid honestly it just
makes them look stupid now I don't think
Trump supporters are stupid don't that's
not what I'm saying I'm saying that the
look of it is a really bad look you know
I honestly when I watched the rallies I
had a different feeling than I'd ever
had before I used to watch them as just
entertainment it's like I was pretty
entertaining and look at the size that
crowd it's a lot of energy that's all I
would think the last two I thought of I
thought that looks stupid I'm not saying
the people are stupid
I'm saying that the idea of packing
people in in together without masks and
then running continuous footage of those
people is the worst possible look really
now some people are saying yes but
freedom absolutely yeah if you want it
to look like it's a bunch of people who
really we're very concerned about
freedom even more than health that's
what you got all right so if your
priority was freedom it probably looked
terrific to you but if you're trying to
convince somebody who is not already on
your team probably a bad way to do it
and and you didn't see that much energy
in the rallies so it's not getting the
benefit
thought so in my opinion the rally if if
the president held more rallies I think
it would just be a mistake I think it
would work against his interests frankly
that's just me
all right Hawk newsome's making some
news you know I know Hawk and he's a
leader of black lives matter in New York
and when I was talking to him I was
trying to see if we could find some
solutions like specific things that we
could recommend we got a little bit of a
little bit of progress on making a list
of things that you could actually do and
I think some of those are being were
considered in the tim scott bill when
the Camilla Camilla Harris bill etc so
some of them have bubbled up not
necessarily because of us but but they
were just good ideas and I I broke my
contact with hawk because he he needed
for his purposes to be more provocative
than I was willing to be associated with
in other words you know he was more
willing to call a white people racist
and suggest indirectly or directly that
maybe violence could be productive and
those are thoughts that I didn't want to
be associated with so I broke contact
with him but he's making news again and
I want to break out something he said
because I think it needs some
interpretation so he said quote if this
country doesn't give us what we want in
terms of fixing systemic racism etc if
this country doesn't give us what we
want then we will burn down the system
and replace it Newsom responded all
right and I could be speaking
figuratively I could be speaking
literally it's a matter of
interpretation like let's be very real
and observe the history of the 60s Baba
anyway he makes good points the violence
has been productive and a part of
American fabric and including gun
ownership you know and why are we so
afraid if black people have guns etc so
those are actually some good and
interesting content
points but here's the part I wanted to
point out he says that will burn down
the system and replace it and then he
says all right and I could be speaking
figuratively and I could be speaking
literally it's a matter of
interpretation now who says something
and then in the very next sentence they
tell you that you can you could
interpret it in two different ways who
does that because normally when you
communicate don't you tell people or you
mean here's how I do it well there are
two ways to interpret this I want to be
clear that this is the way I'm saying it
isn't that what the way you would
communicate if you wanted people to
actually really understand what you're
thinking you know I know there's two
ways to see it but I'm telling you this
is the way I see it and I'm
communicating it this way I'm not
talking about that other way to see it
but hawk did a completely unexpected
thing oh no you're not if you if you
think this is going to be a criticism
you're on the wrong page this is going
to be a compliment to skill now I've
told you I'm gonna be consistent about
this regardless of whether somebody has
the political opinions that I do if they
employ skill I'm gonna call it out all
right because I think you need to learn
the skill part and then you can apply it
to your own moral and ethical world but
this was very skillful it looks like
just a weird sentence but it's really
skillful and here's why hawky is talking
to two separate audiences and he found a
way to talk to them simultaneously which
I've never seen before he needs to talk
to his radical base in a way that
suggests he's on board with actual
violence like burning stuff down because
they need to hear that now am i reading
his mind no he told me that he told me
that directly he told me that he needs
to be more radical or he would lose his
base direct language I'm not there's no
interpretation here coming up so was
this language in which he says burned
down the system does that speak to his
face yes
very well and how did they interpret it
they say looks like burning down and
stuff is on the table looks like a
little bit of violence Hawk is in favor
of so that's how they would interpret it
later if he's challenged and he will be
by white people he'll say hey you could
take this as figurative and I said that
when I said it I said you could take
this as figurative so take it as
figurative and then white people who
don't like his message won't and they'll
just have their own opinion but they
were going to anyway but the white
people who were sort of supporting black
lives matter but don't want to think
they're part of anything violent do have
the option of interpreting it as
figurative in other words he found a way
to talk to the let's say Anti Fog and
the white protestors who were siding
with black lives matter he found a way
to talk to them at the same time he was
saying essentially the opposite thing to
black lives matter and he and he pulled
it off he actually pulled it off because
everybody who reads this is just gonna
see what they want to see and I've never
seen anybody say it directly
he goes it's a matter of interpretation
he actually put that right into the
original statement you've never seen
that before
and and if if you and imagined that this
was a good idea and you were not trained
in this you would say that's not a good
idea and how is that a good idea to say
two things that are opposite and say you
can interpret it any way you want how is
that not the worst idea in the world
here's what you're missing hawk is good
at this he's really good at this you
don't know how smart he is I do I spent
enough time talking to him that he's
really smart and he does understand this
stuff and this is not an accident the
fact that he found a way to square a
circle that I would have thought wasn't
even a thing he pulled it off all right
now I'm not supporting this message or
anything like that so don't take it like
that
I'm just saying skill wise pretty good
skill all right
if you thought there was going to be a
fair election I don't think there's any
chance of that now you could see that
Twitter is starting to kick off it's the
voices that are pro Trump so Rahim kasam
his account got locked yesterday to be
that was the last straw you know carpet
öktem and you also got permanently
blocked but between those two I think
that that's now kind of transparent to
what's going on before I would have said
well you know maybe this is confirmation
bias because they always had a reason
for anybody who got you know filtered or
blocked or whatever the words are there
was always a reason and you know they've
they've got guidelines so if it fits the
guidelines there's a reason you can't
necessarily think that's any kind of a
larger political act but as we see the
specific examples they start to form a
pattern that's pretty clear so the the
standards are seem to be enforced in one
way but not another and it does look
like these standards are being used as
an excuse a convenient way to kick off
the voices that are effective so watch
for people who are effective to be
kicked off we'll see how that goes and I
think I've covered most of my most of my
important points just let me check my
notes here talk among yourselves yes I
think you did all right so that's all
for now
I did go over I do have an account on
parler parlor is the tiny competitor or
to Twitter the problem with parlor is I
think it's just going to be
conservatives go there if it turned out
to be the conservative Twitter then
you're just going to have a you know
left-leaning Twitter and a right-leaning
Twitter but
have a different name and all it does is
divide us so I have very mixed opinions
about parlor I don't think it makes
sense unless you also keep your Twitter
account but you all get to make your own
decisions so I would do it in addition
to Twitter but I wouldn't do it instead
of Twitter unless you're really trying
to make a statement of some sort because
Twitter unfortunately whether you like
it or not is too important to your your
business life for most of you all right
if it's not important to your business
life then do what you will
all right that's it for today I hope you
enjoyed it and I will talk to you
tomorrow
Oh somebody's telling me that parlor is
is pronounced parlay is that true I hope
it's not true but it might be talk to
you later