[Music]
boom hey everybody come on in here yeah
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams you're probably not but
I know why you're here
it's for the simultaneous up and let us
enjoy the simultaneous up raise your
glow raise your your glove man I got a
drink more coffee
raise your mug your cup your glass your
tankard your Stein filled with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous M oh yeah so I'm
coming to you on my using my phone
device instead of my iPads which are
failing me maybe I need to upgrade their
software we'll figure that out all right
first topic is New York Times had a
story about they may have found the
doctor who may have diagnosed Donald
Trump with bone spurs to keep him out of
the military the doctor himself is dead
and left no records but his daughters
think they sort of remember he might
have said something about that so that's
what that's what passes as a story at
the New York Times that they may have
found that doctor based on the fact that
he's dead and there are no records
whatsoever but his daughter sort of
maybe they think they remember it oh by
the way they're anti jumpers so that's
not even a good try at a real story John
Brennan famous exes CIA head tweeted the
other day that the world is more
unstable I
economically geopolitically and what was
the other word
anyway saying that it was a much more
unstable world and I questioned that and
I asked for a fact check is the world
more unstable than it has ever been
because to me it looks like it's more
stable than it's ever been there are
some statistics my cat is here to visit
if you see a tail goodbye my cat seems
to have a different plan for me okay boo
move along
live Paris ghost folks anything can
happen
so there's a statistic and I'll it's
only I can only give it to you roughly
that I think extreme poverty was
covering 40% of the world during
Reagan's administration 40% of the world
was in extreme poverty now that number
is about nine and they think that
extreme poverty will be eliminated maybe
in another ten years
so think about that we've we've got a
handle on AIDS we don't really have a
big war that's threatening us we're
winding down several wars the economy is
at an all-time high the stock market
bounces around based on the headlines
but employments the best ever I would
say race relations are the best ever if
you don't have a television if you
didn't own a television well I say if
you had never looked at the news if
you've never seen the news what do you
think that race religions are worse or
better if you didn't watch the news you
probably think it was better because if
you look around you know if you look
around there are more you know more
mixed race couples getting married
more people are you know have friends
with people who are different than
themselves the far fewer cases of
racial discrimination etc you don't even
hear much about it I mean obviously
whatever races and there is is way too
much everybody agrees with that I think
but I think on almost every dimension
things are better and more stable and
it's amazing that there's somebody who
was the ex head of the CIA whose
perception of the world is that
everything is worse when in fact I think
everything's better like actually
literally everything you know if you can
you give me an example of something
that's worse oh the debt is worse
the debt is worse but it's not as bad as
it's ever been in World War two I think
it was even higher as a percentage of
GDP but we don't have a solution for
that so that's bad yeah if he had just
said our national debt is too high I
would have said good point
or it's growing too high it's not even
too high yet it's just growing in the
wrong direction all right so that was
crazy
apparently there's an art of an umber of
parts of the fake media are reporting
that when the president visited the
troops in Iraq that they brought
campaign make America great again hats
with them to side and maybe it was a
violation of some kind of law that the
president shouldn't be campaigning with
the troops or something who knows what
law that is doesn't even matter because
it turns out the real story is that a
lot of the military had their own make
America great again hats there were so
many of them that the media assumed they
were handed out just think about this
just just for a moment just enjoy this
thought so many members of the military
were pro-trump
to the point of owning their own make
America
making hats and having those hats with
them during deployment you know you
can't take your whole can't take your
whole house with you right so one of the
few items that the people in the
military in Iraq had with them were make
America great again hats and so the
president quite politely signed them
so imagine to your member of the fake
the fake news business and you see so
many red hats in the military and your
your head can't process it so you you
have cognitive dissonance so cognitive
dissonance happens when your observation
of the world doesn't match your your
internal model of the world and so their
internal model is there can't be that
many people who support the president so
if there is this many hats in the same
room with the military of all people
they must have been handed out by the
campaign with no evidence of that
whatsoever and apparently the the story
as it's been reported by the military
and of course that could be wrong too
but the current story is that they had
their own hats there's a story in The
Federalist that I tweeted out yesterday
I think Molly Hemingway's publication
but she she works for a publication
Molly have anyway being the star of that
publication anyway she tweeted it down
to and the story was now most most of
you watching this probably do not have a
deep understanding of the Middle East I
also do not have a deep understanding of
the Middle East or even a shallow
understanding really but here's what I
don't the tiny country of Qatar qadar
for those of you who have only read the
word and wondered how to pronounce it I
don't think I'm pronouncing it right
either but let's let's call it Qatar for
now I you may pronounce it any way you
like
so apparently they're aligned with Iran
and aligned with the Muslim Brotherhood
and it turns out that they were the
puppet masters for Chi shogi so they
were influencing what he would write for
The Washington Post and so he was
writing they were trying to influence
him to write anti Saudi Arabia stories
so it turns out assuming this reporting
is correct that it looked it looked
credible to me it turns out that Josh
Oki was a foreign influence guy working
essentially for Iran so he was actually
he was whatever is the opposite of her
journalist now I think everybody you
know that was the that was the word on
the street right so so people already
were were saying that hey he's more of a
propaganda guy he's not so much a
journalist and people were saying he
writes opinion pieces he is not an
investigative journalist and we
understood that part we understood he
was writing opinion but now they've
apparently uncovered some messages where
a Katara was actually guiding what he
wrote and he was he was serving them so
the Washington Post was literally and
I'm not making this up the Washington
Post was literally colluding with Iran
because guitar cutter and Iran are on
the same side they're allied and this
guy was on their team he was working
directly for color
apparently according to the reporting so
there they were actually colluding with
a foreign enemy of the United States
apparently there's no doubt about the
other side
right so if anybody if there's any any
new facts or anything that contradicts
what I just said somebody let me know
all right I floated a an idea on Twitter
yesterday just to see what people
thought
and people puked all over my idea but as
usual people were not complaining about
my actual idea they were complaining
about their own misinterpretation of my
idea and here's the idea
suppose you could adopt all of the
blocks on Twitter of somebody else so
let's say you do let's say you knew that
I block a lot of people who are just
trolls and you wanted to never see those
trolls because who wants to see a troll
so you would accept all of my blocks and
then you would never see the people that
I've already blocked so you don't have
to block anybody that I've already
blocked and people how old and they said
no no if you do that then it will put
people in more of more silos than
they've been in before they will only
get to see the opinions they agree with
to which I say I don't think you
understand my idea
I don't block people for disagreed with
me indeed I did not block the people who
disagreed with me on this very point I
didn't block any of them
the only people I block you know maybe
there's an exception but it would be
trivial the only people I block are
people who don't have anything they just
come in with insults or they you know
they say racist things that's it now if
every now and then I'll block somebody
by accident because I blocked the wrong
person one of the problems on Twitter is
sometimes people will respond at a
comment and they'll be unclear about who
they're insulting whether it's me or
somebody else in the threat
so sometimes I do block people by
accident but honestly it's not important
of the you know the thousands of people
that I interact with if I accidentally
block a few civilians that didn't need
to get blocked it doesn't really change
what you hear right you're still gonna
hear all that the entire you know
panorama of opinions even if a few of
them got blocked accidentally so yeah so
there's some people here saying that I
block them accidentally so even with
that do you think it would really
restrict what opinions you hear because
I'm not I'm not restricting opinions
except by accident and that's you know
it's a trivial amount of blocks so just
so you understand the idea if you were
to accept all the people I blocked as
also blocked by you you would not miss
any ideas from the other side there's no
content from your side or the opposite
opinions that you would ever miss
because I block trolls plus a few
apparently accidental blocks that don't
really change change much all right and
then other people then a number of
people accused me of being a snowflake
and being as bad as the left for being
anti free speech to which I say
apparently the experience of blue check
people like like me is very different
from the experience of the casual
civilian who uses Twitter the casual
person on Twitter probably doesn't see
too many trolls because nobody really
needs to troll you know the average user
on Twitter the trolls come out almost
entirely for the blue check people and
the people who are making noise about
you know something political so people
like me
are just inundated with trolls all the
time and so your experience might be
different all right you put yourself
above us lowlife civilians even you know
what would you call it invisibility yes
and I'm not I'm not doubting your
quality of life or not Dalek I'm not
questioning your value as a human being
but it's objectively true that people
get more some people get more attention
than other people yes it's almost 2019
so people are wondering why you use
civilians I'm I'm using civilians as
opposed to the professionals so I'm sort
of in the professional class and most
people are not how am I gonna kick yes
in the new year well okay
here's my first prediction for the new
year the stock market will end 2019
higher than it closed today so higher
higher than it closes today you'll see
the stock market at the end of 2019 but
but I don't know how much higher it'll
just be higher I predict that somewhere
maybe around summer time the China trade
wars will start to be largely settled
now it could take longer to actually get
documents signed or whatever but I'm
just say by summer trade war which I
know will be largely worked out I'm
gonna say that the Middle East is going
to get really really interesting in 2019
there you're gonna see stories that of
the Middle East that will be
mind-boggling
and mind boggling in the not necessarily
in the bad way so you might see some
mind-boggling alliances agreements and
outcomes that are really just surprising
possibly in a in a positive way let's
say I believe that Muller's report will
have something for everyone meaning that
the lawyers on both sides will argue
that it proves everything they've been
saying so there will be a Muller report
sometime in 2019 the Democrats will say
see there it is look at all that
impeachable stuff right there in that
report this is a black and white Muller
wouldn't have it wrong there it is
meanwhile the Republicans will look at
exactly the same information and they'll
say there's nothing in there there's
there's no crime even described I guess
we're done here there was nothing there
so your two movies will continue
somebody says Gordon James says the
China stuff will take a long time I
agree it could take years to work out
everything so when I say that by summer
most of the trade stuff will be worked
out that's what I mean more sort of an
8020 rule I think will be 80% where we
want to be by summer the last 20% could
take literally forever impeachment there
will not be an impeachment
there might be an impeachment process so
there's a nonzero chance that the house
will you know maybe try to get something
going but my prediction is the odds of
impeachment close to zero based on what
we now know now if something new comes
up then of course everything has to be
reassessed but at the moment I will say
no impeachment
let's talk about the wall I think that
now that everybody's agreeing is a fence
wall and not just a wall and not just a
fence it will be part of fence part wall
and maybe it will be a structure that
some people will call a fence and some
people will call the wall steel slats
let's call it something will get funded
and something will begin to be built in
2019
so that that much for sure and I think
that the big break which I've already
predicted which could happen today or
even you know any time in the next week
somebody is going to have to say the
word engineers and then the then the
conversation is over
because right now you have politicians
who are not engineers trying to
determine an engineering decision if you
have two people who don't know
engineering arguing in public about what
is the best engineering decision it's a
tie right so people just back their own
side because we're not engineers most of
us are not so we're looking at two
politicians making an engineering
decision and we're just saying oh I'll
just back my sight
as soon as either side either either the
Pelosi and Schumer or President Trump
any one of those three as soon as one of
them says the word engineer it's solved
because the moment one of them says ok
were just politicians let's agree to
fund it and kick it up to the engineers
let the engineers decide where it's a
fence where it's a wall and what kind of
offense wall it is the moment you do
that the other side looks stupid right
because if right now they're both stupid
in a political way right so neither side
is stupid in an IQ way but in a
political way they're both arguing a
stupid side
it is stupid to say I should be a wall
it is stupid to say it should be a fence
because politicians are not engineers
they don't make that kind of decision
it's not their job it's not their
expertise there isn't the slightest
chance they're getting it right soon as
one of them says the word engineer they
go to the height of the high ground wait
for that word engineer as soon as
engineer is whispered you're gonna have
yourself a solution coming soon now I'm
going to do a little demonstration of
something fun in the moment hold on
don't go anywhere all right I'm back so
I bought I bought a well actually
Christina got me a printer for Christmas
and it's a tango an HP tango printer and
I printed out the directions for the
printer for when you hook it up to your
your Amazon system whose name I will not
say al AXA the reason I'm not
pronouncing it is that a lot of you have
those systems and if I say it out loud
it will activate your system so in a
moment I'm going to say something to my
Al exa you know it'll give you warning
so that you can turn down your sound now
what I'm gonna say will make Nothing
happening at your house unless you also
have a tango printer right if you don't
have a tango printer nothing will happen
all right so here's the here's the thing
when I raise my hand like this again
when I put my hand up it means I'm going
to be saying something that will
activate your Al exa all right and when
I put it down it means it's safe to to
listen again all right so
so here it comes so as long as my hand
is up if you don't want your a lax a2 to
trigger turn off you sound alright here
comes a less Alexa asked by printer to
print today's comics alright so so it's
sending today's comics to my printer now
here's the funny thing I get this
printer and I open it up and there's
directions in it on how to print Dilbert
and a couple of other comics as well so
it's actually in the written directions
how you can talk to your printer and
making a printed Dilbert comic now it
takes about a minute and in a minute
I'll turn my camera and you can see a
printing yeah it's kind of cool you can
tell it to print stuff like limed graph
paper and you can tell to me a print
just print out a piece of paper that you
can use as a list it's kind of cool
somebody says how does an engineer
determine the acceptability of a
solution based on probability I think
the answer was in the question so the
question was how does an engine this is
talking about the fence wall how does an
engineer determine the best solution in
in the context of probability and the
answer is that's what engineers do you
just described what an engineer does for
a living they make decisions in the
context of probability that's what they
do and and when they can they reduce
probability or I'm sorry they reduce
risk by testing small
yeah engineering is all about
probability that's that's 30 gig that's
their game I'm not entirely sure that my
printer will actually be printing those
comics because I did I didn't move it
and plug it in again so it might not be
connected to the unit to the Wi-Fi
alright I think we're done with today
and we will follow the news and see what
else is happening and we will talk to
you later