good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and if
you'd like to leave the only way you can
do it is by pulling the fire alarm but
if you'd like to stay and elevate your
experience to levels that could only be
considered infinite or possibly Galactic
all you need is a cuper Mugger a glass
of tanker chal or Stein a canteen jug or
plas vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
it's the dopamine of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous zp and it happens now
go well some of you may have noticed I'm
about halfway off prisoner
Island uh so we'll talk about that in a
little while but other fun stuff
first I keep quoting Nate silver because
he's having some fun conversations about
what's real and what isn't real on on
the
xplatform and I think he finally reached
his limit because you know he he's sort
of a let's say respectable member of the
you know the smart people and and he
sends this post yesterday on some level
it's kind of amazing how well is soety
functions despite people believing a lot
of super dumb and up
 are you ever Amazed by the fact
that Civilization works at all and it's
just filled with idiots and it still
works well I would say there are two
reasons for this number one reason is
that the economy is a failure engine so
most things that people do in
economics fail they start businesses
that don't work and then businesses that
do work are introducing new product
product lines that fail mostly mostly
failing so we we've developed a
system that everybody does well if 90%
of us fail and 10% of us succeed and
it's enough because even when you're
failing you still get a paycheck you
know most of the time so failure is
actually the it's almost the operating
system of why everything works works
it's just full of failure which is
another way to say that uh nature
rewards
action nature rewards action so if you
don't know what to do just do something
so that's probably the best advice
you'll ever get if you don't know what
to do do something because nature
rewards action and energy uh the other
thing I would note is that it only takes
a few smart people to allow everybody
else to live comfortably
so you don't need uh too many Geniuses
the rest of us need to just make sure we
don't Litter too badly and don't stab
too many people everything else seems to
work out all
right uh meta the company meta which you
might think of as Facebook um is uh
floating a plan to charge people at
least in the EU uh $14 a month to have
an adree version of Instagram or
Facebook now I don't know if that'll
work out but I would make the following
Point civilization can no longer depend
on
Advertising for your
information if you want your information
to be accurate and available to people
it cannot it cannot depend on
Advertising because advertisers have a
very narrow band of what's allowable
whereas free speech is a wide band by
definition so if you limit all of your
speech and Truth to you know this little
narrow band um that's bad news so
anything that gets us away from ad
supported anything is good so I'm no
longer ad supported well I guess I am in
a minor Way on YouTube I am so I guess
on YouTube um ad supported but I believe
it's obvious that YouTube is suppressing
me CU my YouTube traffic has stayed
largely the same for
years which is pretty much impossible I
think pretty much impossible well
everything else has gone up
so I'm I'll be looking to uh
alternatives for YouTube but technically
sometimes that's difficult uh one of the
things I'm thinking of doing is just
discontinuing YouTube alog together and
just do it on Rumble takes a little more
technology to do that so that's why I've
been putting that off but we'll see I
haven't made any decisions yet but we
have to get away from it ad supported
everything do you know Mike Benz I keep
mentioning uh so on the xplatform he's
often doing a little videos and tweet
threads in which he's exposing the
powers that be typically the
intelligence operations that were behind
the things you see and I've never had
such a clean look at into reality than I
do when I um absorb his stuff but he
tweeted this yesterday just so you know
how uh dangerous it is he he said they
have to kill me because I'm spilling
their secrets here's how it'll go now
keep in mind that his other predictions
have been spookily accurate and he's
predicting his own
demise and he's serious he says first
they'll flood with hip pieces on
 uh rhetoric grounds I think
that already started I think there's
already a hit piece about him at least
one then they'll flood with lawsuits on
 Tor grounds so they'll use
lawfare to you know break him uh then
they'll flood with charges on
CRI criminal
grounds and then he says bookmark this
so he believes he'll be taken out by
fake criminal
charges what do you
think I I think that's very
possible and uh I like that he's calling
it out in advance so we can watch it as
it happens so we'll
see um I so it's something that Sarah
fiser put together on uh on the
xplatform which was um the social media
is just destroying normal news so the
clicks that used to come from social
media and divert people over to regular
news platforms it just collaps CED so
neither The Meta platform nor uh the
xplatform are sending much of any
traffic to the major media so whereas
you might have seen a lot of clicks from
social media to CNN now you see very
few
now here here's like a sign of the
times um every morning literally every
morning 7 days a week even on holidays I
get up in the morning and I check the
news so that I can do a live stream in
which I talk about what's
happening a number of times lately let's
say in the last month I have completely
prepared my live stream you know notes
and notes and notes about the news
without ever looking at a new
site sometimes I don't even leave leave
the xplatform because at least there
you've got stuff I care about people
know what to send me you know I get
tagged in things and usually it's a
summary of the news stories I don't
necessarily have to go see the the story
I usually do if there's a link but uh
lots of times I don't have to and I
realize that the news on CNN is all just
garbage and I don't even believe that
CNN or Fox are paying anybody to do any
reporting anymore they have
writers who are writing things that they
see on
television that's what it looks like
so I think that the economic model of
the news is so degraded at this point
that they can't that it feels like
they're pretending to be news without
actually being
news so for example we'll talk about
this in a minute oh actually talk about
it next CNN has a a long piece to fill
up a lot of real estate on their
so-called news page about uh I guess
Jake Tapper wrote this and it's an
exclusive John Kelly so this is he was
the chief of staff under Trump
General he goes on the record to confirm
several disturbing stories about
Trump now is that
news it's the opposite of news it's a
story about something that we already
heard of years ago and the same person
is going to say it
again and that's like a really big part
of CNN's entire real estate today
they're going to tell us a story about
what a guy thought one person right now
do you think that there is new
information do you think they've got oh
a document no no it's just the same
person and he's got some complaints
about Trump and that's
news that's the
news it didn't used to be like this
right there's no news value to this at
all but it'll be funny when I tell you
what he actually says
so basically this is the new worse than
Watergate I think CNN just got so tired
of saying everything was worse in
Watergate when it wasn't and getting
mocked for it that they needed a new
go-to so it looks like they're going to
use the generals so it's going to be all
of Trump's ex generals are going to be
the new worst in Watergate oh the thing
he said oh now here is my take on
General Millie and on General
Kelly I
swear this might be pure bias on my part
it might be but they come off as
stupid does anybody else have that I
mean Trump called him stupid and I know
I'm being I'm being primed by that so
he's influenced me to you know maybe
look in look at him in those terms but
they actually act stupid in public like
actually literally and I don't say that
about people that I disagree with yeah
you know it's not automatic like I don't
say that Eric sell is stupid I don't
think he's stupid at all he does things
I don't like that's completely different
he seems smart but honestly the generals
don't seem smart and I don't know what
to think about that is that just me
because it could be me right if we're
being honest it could entirely be me do
you see it too or is it just me
is anybody having the same vibe that
they don't look
smart yeah that's
worrisome but let's see what John Kelly
says and you tell me how credible this
sounds you should use all of your tools
that I've taught you about what is a
credible report and what isn't so then
I'll quiz you and ask you if this is
credible all right uh so it starts out
by saying that General Kelly confirmed
some several remarks his former boss
Trump made now he's going to the story
is that he's
confirming several things Trump said
what does that mean
confirming it means he's saying it a
second
time if you saw confirming wouldn't you
say to yourself oh there's a document
that shows it right that's what your
brain would say or there are more people
who were backing him up cuz they were in
the same
meeting that would sound like
confirmation oh a second person says the
same thing
but now listen to the story and see if
this sounds like he's confirming
anything or just restating what he's
already
said all right uh blah blah a little bit
about him and then says all right so
here's what Kelly says about Trump a
person that thinks oh a person that
thinks so now he's going to tell us what
Trump thinks and his inner
thoughts uh he he thinks that those who
defend the country in uniform or are
shot down or seriously wounded in combat
or spend years being tortured as po PS
are all suckers because there is nothing
in it for them do you believe that even
slightly even slightly is a good uh
summary of what Trump thinks in his
inner thoughts no number one it's mind
reading number two it's a madeup quote
right so he's basically inventing
something to get mad at and he actually
calls it out as talking that he knows
what somebody's thinking but the other
tell is this this one's always good
um that those who defend basically he
uses the word
all so he says that Trump says uh
everybody who served all of them are
suckers does that sound like anything
that Trump would say in the real world
that all the people who served in the
military were
suckers it doesn't sound like something
he would have said very inconsistent so
and what is the evidence for this none
is given it's just a statement I think
he thinks this now there is more there
is more evidence but it's not not in
this part of
it
um he also says that Trump was a person
that did not want to be seen in the
presence of military utees because quote
it doesn't look good for me do you think
that's the right context and exactly
what Trump said because somebody said he
said it who doesn't like him so a
disgruntled person said he said
something no it doesn't even sound
slightly true here's what I think could
be
true I think it could be true that
privately he would talk about what was a
good photo op is it good is it a good
photo up to show you next to desperately
ill people Maybe not maybe not is that
is that something that you could say
privately you know that it's not look
making you look good yeah I think that's
fair and it has nothing to do with how
much empathy you have for the the
soldiers it's purely a visual persuasion
statement now I don't think he actually
said it my guess is it never came out of
his mouth but if he did it's more likely
in the context of persuasion has nothing
to do with respecting or disrespecting
anybody that's what that would be my
guess the obvious that would be the
obvious context that's left
out um a person who demonstrated open
contempt for a Gold Star Family yeah one
one gold starred family that was
attacking him he displayed contempt for
somebody who is who is attacking
him that's not exactly a
problem now doesn't he make this look
like it's some kind of disrespect for
all gold star parents right is there
anything that would suggest that Trump
has disrespect for all gold star parents
or just the one that was on stage
publicly you know publicly criticizing
him I don't know if you're a gold star
family and you publicly criticize me I
go after you in a heartbeat and it would
have nothing to do with any gold star or
anything
um he's also saying that uh Trump called
the people who defended America losers
and wouldn't visit their graves in
France none of that sounds true none of
that sounds even slightly true what is
the approve is there a document no is
there a video no is there another person
who who is saying it at the same time
well we'll
see several senior staffers told the
Atlantic
several senior staffers you mean
Anonymous people told the Atlantic the
most lying uh publication in the world
the Atlantic is the least
reliable source on anything Trump they
literally are the primary maker ERS of
of about Trump so so so several
how many are
several
three what are their names oh they're
all Anonymous oh isn't that convenient
Anonymous people talk to the least
credible entity in the world that's
that's some of the
evidence um he Alle Trump allegedly
allegedly said why why should I go to
that cemetery is filled with losers do
you think there's any chance he said
that even
privately no no it doesn't even sound
like
him if you're going to do a fake quote
you should at least least put in the
time to make it sound like something he
would say this doesn't even sound like
his style of talking much less his
opinion all right
um he was Kelly also criticized his
former boss saying Trump was not
truthful in his political
positions yeah that really makes him
Stand Out Among uh presidential
candidates oh my goodness there's
somebody who thinks a politician
didn't tell the
truth okay we're we've kind of factored
that in with all the
politicians um and uh he says Kelly says
that Trump is a person that has no idea
what America stands for and has no idea
what America is all
about that's the best you can do that
you don't know what America is all about
so so you're arguing definitions of
America or whose history lesson was
better doesn't he sound like a
desperate just sort of an I mean
he just feels like an to
me um then he says that Trump is quote a
person who admires autocrafts and
murderous
dictators does he or does he admire them
the same way we
do same way I do do I admire Putin when
I say that he's very effective at
getting what he wants is that admiring
him or is that just a statement an
observed statement of fact if I also say
he's a murderous evil
bastard but he's really good at getting
this country to support him and getting
stuff done am I would I be then admiring
them no admiring is a is an word
it it's putting it's imagining you're
reading his mind and then you're
interpreting it in the worst possible
way um a person who has nothing but
contempt for Democratic institutions
really Trump has only contempt for
Democratic institutions more so than the
normal
person don't you think a little bit of
contempt is just about right if you
don't have a little bit of contempt for
our Democratic institutions you have not
been paying attention so a little bit of
contempt is just about the right
amount uh and the rule of law yeah he
hates
laws uh and then Kelly says there's
nothing more that can be said God help
us now now just keep it in your mind
that Jake Tapper decided this was
newsworthy enough and he called it
confirmation where was the
confirmation was it the uh several
senior staffers who were Anonymous who
told the Atlantic the least credible
publication in the world so CNN this the
second least credible organization in
the world is pointing to The Atlantics
reporting about some Anonymous people to
confirm that's their
confirmation if I may end this segment
with what I call my only good impression
I call it the Jake Tapper tilt or just
the Tapper tilt it's when you ask a
question of somebody that you think is
lying and you want them to know with
your face and your head tilt and it goes
like
this
while listening try it try it on the
holidays next time somebody's explaining
to you their political opinion if you
don't like it just look at them and give
them the Tapper
tilt just like that if you're listening
on audio you're missing one of my best
Impressions oh it's fantastic head is
tilted mouth in a mocking position it's
good stuff if only you had seen
it all right
um so rasmuson had a poll asking people
How likely is it that cheating will
affect the outcome of the next
presidential
election what would be a number that
would represent a healthy
country like what percentage would you
feel Ah that's about right I would have
said that if
24% uh thought it's likely or 25%
thought it was likely but but if 75%
thought oh no the elections are fine I'd
feel like we were pretty safe cuz as I
often say 24% 25% will get every
question wrong but if
75% said I think everything's fine I
would feel comfortable as well probably
but it's the opposite of that so it's
closer to uh let's see uh the people who
think that cheating will affect the
outcome very likely is 30% somewhat
likely is
24% so youve got 54% think it's somewhat
likely or very likely that the election
will be affected by
cheating does that feel like a
dangerously High
number and would anybody like to argue
with me about whether Trump is
persuasive do you think that this number
would be anywhere near what it is if
Trump had simply said I accept the
election as it is no this is totally
Trump Trump trump actually convinced
more than half of the country that
elections are are not
credible think about that Trump right I
mean other people mimicked him and and
said the same things but only because he
did Trump by himself got 54% of the
public the voting public to think that
the elections are at least somewhat
likely to be
crooked that's pretty remarkable in
terms of persuasion that is one of the
all-time most persuasive things I've
ever seen can you think of anything more
persuasive I mean the country had a very
solid opinion of how safe elections are
I I doubt it had changed much in the
years until recently it probably had a
big change
recently well do you think this is a big
a bad sign or a good sign is it bad news
or good news that more than half of the
country thinks the election might be
sketchy I think this one's too close to
call it's bad in the sense that we wish
that the elections were not only good
but everybody knew it so it's bad that
way but it's good in the sense that
nothing gets fixed until people admit
there's a problem and at the very least
the elections do not have the fully
auditable transparent nature we all want
so maybe having half of the public doubt
that it is even in a real election will
get you closer to actually fixing
something I I'm going to say again why I
think the election is not
auditable and that it's done in a
fashion that gives us U let's say less
Comfort than they could I think it's
intentional and I think it's because
both sides
cheat I think that's the whole story
both sides cheat so neither side has a
really strong incentive to change the
whole system in a way that nobody could
cheat because they want to keep their
District right clearly there are power
centers that stay Republican and the
Republicans would like to not lose them
so I think we've reached a point where
both sides are and this is just
speculation based on
observation that it looks like both
sides are going to accept cheating and
then compete on the cheating itself to
so you can out cheat the other side and
cheating in this this sense would
include legal stuff you know things you
didn't see coming but somebody had a a
clever legal maneuver totally legal that
changes the outcome so I think we'll see
all the legal and maybe less than legal
um competition so it looks like a
competition of cheaters at this point
otherwise I don't know what I'm
seeing I I cannot explain why
Republicans would not want to fix a
system they don't
trust only one
reason the people who could fix it don't
want to fix I can I can think of no
other reason well there is no other
reason if you can think of any other
reason then maybe it's a failure of
imagination on my part because it could
be lots of times it's just a failure of
imagination I just can't imagine any
other explanation but don't you think
somebody would want to tell me what the
other explanation
is yeah you feel like Republicans would
want to say you know we're trying real
hard to get these elections to be fair
but those darn Democrats keep stopping
us for one reason or another wouldn't
you like to hear that to at least know
that one side was trying to fix the
transparency but I've never heard
anything like that nothing even close to
that not at all so I have to assume
they're both in on it otherwise nothing
makes sense
I assume the same about
corruption um if it were only true that
Bob
Mendez is the Crooked
one well I'll be
amazed but if you don't think that
Republicans could have known what this
guy was doing or that people do this and
this that job that's probably because
Republicans are doing the same thing in
a different way so again I would assume
that corporate or uh Congressional
corruption probably is because they're
doing it on both sides probably not
every person not every person but it's
probably on both
sides all right um there's a new study
that says you can make yourself look
good in interviews and just look good to
other people at work by praising uh your
co-workers at the same time you maybe
say good things about yourself so the
research says that instead of saying uh
I did this and I did that you say ah my
coworker Bob he's great he's really
killing it and together with you know
Alice and Joe and Isaac uh you know and
I did my part I think I did a good part
too but man we got a good team
supposedly that makes you look like the
best person you could hire now did you
need to do research to know that or
could you watch every athlete doing an
interview ever who have been trained by
professionals and had ass all right let
let me let me give you uh every
athlete uh Scott you uh you scored 80
points in the basketball game today it's
the most anybody's ever scored in in
decades since uh will I guess uh anyway
Will Chamberlain or something uh and uh
so how do how do you feel about your
great
accomplishment uh well Carl
um I like to think it's a team effort uh
the team played really well I don't
think too much about my personal stats I
was just thinking about getting the win
and if we could get the win then our
team is working uh as one unit and
that's all I care about
now literally everybody has known
forever that if that same athlete it
said you know I did this largely alone
you know uh normally I'd expect my
teammates to be like kicking in a little
bit of scoring but my God they were slow
today so I had to take all the scoring
upon my own shoulders I hope they can
pick up the pace tomorrow but what the
hell happened to the rest of the team if
I'm scoring 80 points something's wrong
with the rest of the team let me tell
you right doesn't everybody know not to
do
that did we really need to study that
people who give credit to those around
them wait for it wait for it hold on
this will shock
you turns out that according to science
the people who are generous to the
people around them are more liked by who
who the people who are generous to the
people around them are more well liked
by the people around them yeah the
people around
them so that's that's quite a shocking
thing um they have not studied this but
I have a
hypothesis that if you did a control
group one group of people was punching
the people around them every time they
saw them hey hey Bob punch you that they
would be less liked probably I mean
you'd have to do the science but
probably less liked than the people who
see you and every time they see you they
give you a compliment so if you were to
compare the two groups the complimenting
everybody versus the punching everybody
I feel like you'd see a
difference
now don't say I'm some kind of a
scientist because I'm not I just have
some theories that I think should be
checked out I think we should do a study
on that fizer can fund that all
right uh Mr Beast who's a a beast on
social media uh I believe his number of
followers Mr Beast is uh one trillion
one trillion people follow him I don't
know it's a lot it's I think he has the
most followers but uh there's a deep
fake scam of him a little video in which
he's scamming people to I don't know do
something pay him some money uh and he
was tweeting around to make sure people
knew it was a scam and he says um this
is a serious
problem but is
it is it I wonder if the Deep fakes are
going to be so obvious that every body
will just stop giving money to
everybody like I I can't imagine seeing
a video of somebody saying give me money
in any context unless they were selling
me a product and I knew it was an
advertisement but I can't imagine being
influenced by a person talking because I
just wouldn't believe that if they were
a real person I wouldn't believe them
but then the possibility that they're AI
you know twice as many reasons to not
believe them I think we'll just stop
believing
everything I think people will adjust so
in instead of being super gullible and
we keep falling for this stuff that'll
happen in the short run in the long run
we'll just not believe
anything I think that's where we're
going that's not a good place to
me well you're probably wondering about
this story I haven't talked about yet
there was a journalist named Josh
Krueger who was fatally shot seven times
early morning uh I think it was
yesterday and he was in
Philadelphia uh now the story is notable
for a few reasons one is it was a
journalist and an activist and a a
Democrat type um but also he was quite
active on social media including two
days before he was shot to death in his
home he was uh mocking me on Twitter I
didn't know it I didn't realize it until
after he was already dead but apparently
he had been just been mocking me for uh
an old tweet of mine from 2020 that I
said that if Biden is elected this was
before the election the last election I
said if Biden is elected there's a good
chance you'll be dead in a year and he
mocked me for saying that and mocked my
ability to see the future and he was uh
slain violently in his home hours
later now uh today's news is that there
was another person who had tweeted some
trash at me uh recently who was also
stabbed to death at Malcolm X Boulevard
a 32-year-old uh activist who was sort
of anti fossil fuel so that would be uh
two of my
critics who were uh slain within days of
criticizing
me and people are asking is this some
kind of a trend do you have aliis well I
do have aliis but uh no it's coincidence
it's a coincidence um
also there's a report that in Washington
DC uh there was a member of Congress who
got
carjacked yeah uh who was it
uh Henry quar so Democrat member of
Congress he got carjacked in
DC which is also a
coincidence right now I would have said
you should get out a DC because there's
a lot of crime there but uh Congress is
going to wait around and just keep
getting victimized I guess that would be
their
choice
so I would like to report that I'm about
halfway off a prisoner
Island you remember what the middle
phase is right I'll remind you what
prisoner island is Prisoner island is
the story that uh I hold in my head
about you know when things get bad what
that's about so prisoner island is I
imagine that if you drop me on an island
full of just prisoners and no no law
they would you know beat me and rape me
in the first day and leave me for dead
but I'd probably live and then the next
day they'd do the same thing and beat me
and rape me but if he came back in a
year they would all be dead and I would
be everyone who touched me would be dead
and I would be the king of prisoner
Island because I don't like to
lose so that's just a to a story I tell
myself so when I got cancelled it did
look like I'd been dropped on prisoner
Island but if you were worried about
me you should pay attention to the news
because the news is just one story after
another confirming that we have a
dangerous situation
and that it's being made more dangerous
every day by democrats poisoning the
racial relations and not handling crime
and that as Democrat bodies start to
fall uh all of them tragedies not making
fun of anybody's death it will start to
create a pattern which will suggest that
uh there was something wrong and maybe I
had a point which had nothing to do with
anybody's DNA
nothing I said nothing to do with
anybody's culture it has everything to
do with the fact that we've been trained
that one group of Americans are the uh
oppressors and they have your stuff and
you should go get it back and if you
happen to be in that group that has been
labeled the group that oppressed you who
has your stuff and you need to get it
back you should be very cautious about
that all
right let's talk about uh letia James or
maybe Letitia does anybody know how to
pronounce her name I've heard it people
just say it quickly because they're not
sure I think I think it's sort of a you
know everybody just does it the way they
want
Lati
latia it's exactly how it's
spelled all right well I'm going to
pronounce it anyway I want so I saw a
tweet by kindo of the Great a video from
2018 of litia
James um vowing to use the law to get
Trump now if you hear it it's very
clear that she's a political person
who's going to use the law to uh to
weaponize the law to go after Trump so
she made a bunch of claims that she
couldn't back up and and edited it with
saying understand that the days of
Donald Trump are coming to an end
uh
wow and
so after all these Grand charges of
colluding with other countries and money
laundering all these charges the thing
that they TR they're trying to nail him
on after all those great charges are
that he took out a loan and paid it back
with
interest that's what he's being charged
with now as part of that they say that
he overvalued his assets but their
argument is ridiculous on his face
because the way they valued his assets
were so laughably wrong that it wouldn't
matter what he did their their case is
so
laughably obviously purely
political that I think Leticia James
should go to
jail I mean when I listen to her and
then I see what she's doing I think how
in the world is this legal I mean she's
using the legal system so she's you know
not committing a crime per se but it
looks like a crime it feels like a crime
it has the it has the effect of a crime
why isn't it a
crime the the crime should be well
actually there probably is a crime there
probably is a crime about you know un
what would it be un uh
unsupported
prosecution there's what would be the
name for
that not just defamation
unsubstantiated frivolous prosecution
malicious
prosecution let's go with malicious
prosecution if I were a
lawmaker I would have made a law against
malicious prosecution there must be one
is there not is there no law against
using the law
maliciously I feel like there should be
a specific law against
that uh because there's no way I don't
believe there's any way that Leticia
James and her staff believed their own
charges I think they should have to
prove that they believed their own
charges because do you think they have
any evidence of any
crime I think I would have seen it I've
seen nothing that would suggest they
have evidence of a crime have you so
should they not be uh pushed to show
that they had evidence of a crime before
they pursued it I think you could show
that they did not have any evidence of a
crime and they pursued it anyway don't
you think so I think that uh Trump
should get
elected uh and
that one way or another she should be
brought to Justice could you do it on
federal charges or would it have to be a
state
charge is there any way the feds could
get at her for breaking the law if she
goes after a federal C oh she's she
would be uh interfering with a federal
election there we go yeah she would be
interfering with a a federal process by
trying to put a candidate in jail
without legitimate
charges and it would also be
Rico so you could get Rico because I'm
sure it's coordinated you could find if
you got a hold of her Communications you
don't think you would find that she's
talking to Democrat
leadership of course you
could so if you got a hold of her
Communications you could find out just
how coordinated it
was and I do think there's enough
evidence of crime that you should at
least be able to indict because you can
indict for just about anything so I
think it needs to be um mutually assured
disaster I I think that if Trump doesn't
go to jail that the prosecutor does have
to go to jail in this case yeah yeah
mutually assured
destruction uh I think that the
prosecutors all need to go to jail if
they lose if they win we're in bad shape
but if they lose they'll have to go to
jail jail that's my
take
um all right rasmon also asked how many
people think our intelligence agencies
in the US are influencing the news media
65% think it is likely that us
intelligence agencies are influencing
news
coverage
65% that's the so two-thirds of the
public thinks the news is fake
and fake because our intelligence people
are manipulating it how in the world is
that not
100% that's low it's amazing that there
are that many people who don't
understand how anything works if you
actually believe that the news operated
independently you would be so confused
by what you're seeing as soon as you
realize it's all
fixed um I'll tell you I I stopped
worrying about about
uh uh Rob riner's tweets that used to
drive me
crazy but then I look at him and I go oh
he's probably just working with somebody
if you know what I mean and then once
you realize that I don't know that
that's true that's just observably it
looks like The Logical
conclusion it looks like the obvious
conclusion doesn't mean it's true but it
looks obvious uh then it doesn't bother
you anymore he's just like a commercial
commercials don't bother
you all right let's talk about uh Gates
trying to vacate McCarthy's seat the the
uh de the uh Republican speaker of the
house
so the let's see if I can summarize this
for those of you who are not paying
attention so every year the Congress has
to pass a budget but nobody wants to cut
anything because that makes you
unpopular so uh they all get together
and they try to screw the public by
putting all the all the separate bills
into one big one so that if you vote
against the one big one you're you're a
loser and you're
terrible uh but then they can get all
all their little budgets through without
being
cut
so uh PJ says Scott is purposely
undering your properties tax
evasion for a loan
no
no was that the question how about for
insurance for insurance it it would be
paying more Insurance than you need to
pay if you're talking about property tax
I don't believe that's part of the
charges so here's what I would advise
you because based on this comment if if
you're looking at the Trump um legal
Jeopardy and you're looking at what he
did with banks and insurance companies
if you do not have a business
education shut the up you have no
idea what's
happening just shut the up right or
talk to a banker talk to a banker ask a
banker if they take if they take the
customers's word for what they're worth
nobody does right so your minimum
requirement for being part of this
conversation is you have to have a
business background if your background
is art you might be an awesome person
who makes great art but you shouldn't be
in this conversation you're not
qualified if you think the news is
telling you something useful about the
nature of the charges they're not not
even close that the story is so botched
I think it's partly because there aren't
that many business people who do the
news but I doubt it's even being
reported correctly on the news on the
business channels I haven't watched them
but I'll bet the business Channel
channel are totally botching the story
have you seen any of the business
stories say there's no such thing as a
bank that trusts you when you say your
asset is worth a certain amount in the
history of the world that's never
happened but only business people know
that artists don't know that the artists
think that this is real because the
court is involved so it must be real no
it's not real it is just a political
attack you need to understand you don't
live in the country you thought you did
we do not live in a country where the
law is being properly applied and that
our political um you know participants
are being fairly treated we're not in
that world they are being AB absolutely
targeted for Destruction by very bad
people and part of that is fooling you
with complicated stories so that you
think you understand what's going on oh
he's in court for a banking thing I
guess he tried to fraud you know do some
fraud no there's absolutely no evidence
of that none and there probably won't be
because the nature of a banking
relationship is that the banking checks
everything themselves that's core to
their job it's not something that might
have happened this time and maybe not no
it's Central to what a banker does they
check I was a banker so I'm not talking
from and I Was A lender as well so I'm
not talking from you know cuz I read a
book about it I was an actual bank
lender we don't take anybody's word for
anything ever there are no exceptions to
that all
right um if the property tax thing comes
up maybe there's more of a story there
but I haven't heard that one I don't
even think that's part of the
charges
um so let me explain this uh Gates
McCarthy thing so Gates said he got
McCarthy some months back in order to as
part of gates agreeing to support
McCarthy to be the
speaker um Gates and his little pack of
Rogues got McCarthy to agree that they
would only give them spending deals in
packages uh that were separate but then
I guess he did a trick where he waited
until they didn't have time to read the
packages which was just as good as
putting them all in one place so there
does seem to be some uh trickery
involved
that clearly the process cannot stand uh
transparency so there is a an obvious
observable move to make the budget
dealings less transparent in front of
the public whose money it is if
anybody's trying to make the process
less transparent as in you're not going
to have time to read the bills you got
to vote on it but trust us you don't
have time to read it no good
or if they take a bunch of bills and
they stick them together into one big
Frankenstein bill so you don't quite
know what's going on no good no good you
got to be transparent because it's our
money um so Gates is working toward that
transparency and also making politicians
keep their word because McCarthy
promised to deal with them one way and
Gates says that he's not doing it so uh
even Thomas Massie thinks that McCarthy
should not be removed because in many
ways he's better speaker than the
Republicans have had before that's what
Massie says uh but you know is this one
issue the one that you want to you know
throw everything away for and my answer
is yes yes this is the one issue to
throw everything away for you should put
the entire country at risk to get this
done normally I would say no no no don't
do anything that puts the whole country
at risk but this you have to do it th
this is an existential risk if we just
keep voting money that we don't have we
are guaranteed to be out of business as
a country so we have a design that
guarantees
failure nobody's arguing with that a
statement let me say it again and keep
in mind that there's nobody left or
right who will disagree with this
following
statement our current design of how we
approve things guarantees the
destruction of of America it guarantees
it it's not even Up For Debate you
couldn't find anybody who would debate
with that point nobody believes you can
keep spending more money than you have
forever that's not a
thing but we're in that system and
there's exactly one person who's willing
to take the risk that's big enough that
maybe could fix it I don't even know if
it would I don't know if it can be fixed
but I I know there's only one person
trying and he will be almost if he's not
completely destroyed by this he's going
to be totally attacked they're going to
try to impeach him and remove them from
everything I mean they're going to go
really hard because transparency is
something that the Congress can't
handle they can't do their job if you're
watching which tells you something about
the job they're
doing so um I'm going to take a
different position from Thomas Massie
and it's because I have different risk
profile so if you're a member of
Congress I can see how you'd want to not
take super big risks which is a good
impulse so I I still like Thomas
massie's way of thinking I like his
transparency I like that he says in
public why he's doing what he's doing so
I respect all of that even when I
disagree this is a uh existential moment
and there's only one person who's even
acting like he understands it the rest
don't even act like they understand it
like I think they do but they act like
they don't that's no
good so uh I hope Gates succeeds in
completely destroying the effectiveness
of Congress until something useful gets
done all
right um three uh I get three scientists
won the Nobel Prize in
physics uh let's see for uh studying how
how electrons zip around the atom in the
tiniest fraction of a second so I guess
somehow they figured out how to get a
video of an atom or an electron zipping
around it's a fuzzy picture and they
don't know what to do with it or how
useful it would be but someday that
might be super important they're not
quite sure
how um but the three are I'll say Pier
agustini uh uh forence Krauss and
frenchorn and
julier now it's two guys and a woman
and the AP did a big story about it
that's where I saw it um do you think
they showed the three of them standing
there no they didn't they showed a uh
half half page photo of the
woman now how many women either
individually or as part of a team do you
think were nominated for the Nobel
Prize you know where I'm going with this
right now she wasn't she wasn't a black
lesbian but you know where I'm going
with this right did you used to think
the Nobel Prize was uh something you'd
be proud of if you
wanton I I used to think that I used to
think wouldn't it be great if I won a
Nobel Prize for something doesn't matter
what and now I see this and the first
thing I think
is this is terrible for the
woman because the woman is a scientist
and for as far as I I know she did a
great job and she absolutely deserves
this right let's say that
first it's entirely possible if if not
probable that the woman was you know
important part of the the team her
contributions really opened up a field
of study that wasn't there before and
could be really important but in the
context of overdone wokeness I assume
the
opposite I assume she didn't deserve it
that's what I assume and that is really
 up right it's not it sounds like
it would be uh misogynist but it's not
because it has nothing to do with the
woman right it has nothing to do with
other women it has to do with wokeness
is going to give the prize to the woman
if there's one running the only thing we
had to know is that there was at least
one woman on at least one
team and then you you could have
predicted she would win the award as
well as the rest of the team now I would
love to think it's all legitimate and
this was you know the best team and as
best the judges could determine it was
the most impressive accomplishment and
everybody
contributed it's actually probable but
the entire process is has no credibility
left at all there's just no
credibility so the
uh all of these Awards went from being
the best thing that could ever happen to
you in your life to absolutely being
sort of
icky like imagine if you're the guys
imagine the two men on the team do you
think that they're going home and saying
privately to their spouses this is like
the greatest thing that's ever happened
to me but do you think we would have won
if we didn't have a woman on the
team and the spouse will say
I don't
know it's really messed up so even the
guys are not going to have a clean win
like it I would imagine in their minds
they're probably thinking yes our team
our teammate you know the woman on the
team was great but probably a lot of
other people did great things too why
did we get
picked and it's going to make their
accomplishment feel lessened so that's
going
on
um here's a story that made the social
media news that uh trans women will be
banned from female Hospital wars in the
UK under a new plan to push push back
against uh wokery as the Tweet goes uh
now why is that
news why is it news that trans women
which would be uh people who were born
biologically would male parts um why
would they be banned from a female
Hospital Ward well the reason given is
for the safety and comfort of the uh the
other people in the female
Ward but more importantly why is it
news Ju Just think about this for a
moment why is it
news because it gets clicks no not
really It's News because somebody did
something
smart normally that's not
[Laughter]
news think about it so when what is it
news to do something that's obvious and
smart right that that we've reached a
point in history we've actually reached
a point where our our level of
incompetence is so stunningly thorough
that when somebody does something that
makes sense to
you it's a
headline we're we're very close to the
point where it will be news that there
was a vote in Congress on a specific
bill you know without being lumped with
other things and nobody pulled a fire
alarm and that that'll be like a
headline whoa uh there was transparency
in the vote and there was no and
nobody pulled an alarm and they just
voted on it and then they passed it into
law and then it was a thing like we're
so close to complete incompetence that
any little glimmer of smartness feels
like can you do
that I would argue that my
cancellation was was national news
because what I said made sense not
because it was
offensive if it was simply offensive
probably wouldn't have made
news it's because it made sense the
people who heard it in context again I
never said anything about anybody's DNA
or their culture I don't do that but
certainly you can say things about the
way people are trained and educated and
if one group of people are trained and
educated to think that the other group
are their enemies and and the enemy has
your stuff and you should get it back
that's a bad place to be if you a choice
you should go somewhere else there's not
really any practical way to do that but
that was the that was the hyperbolic
Point well I saw a story that I don't
believe which is the uh caloa cartel uh
which has traditionally been a big fenel
Source now I guess since the Boss El
Chapo got locked up um his cartel is now
partly run by his four sons and partly
run by some other leader who took a part
of it and I guess the other leader is
continuing to do fenel but the four Sons
allegedly don't know if this is true
were trying to tell their own operation
to stop doing Fentanyl and get out of
the fentanyl business now what do you
make of
that first of all does that sound even a
little bit true that any part of the
cartels for any reason would try to get
out of the fentanyl business it doesn't
sound Tri
but you could imagine that um El Chapo
was being pressed in some way like this
here's the deal little Chapo we've got
five or so I don't know how many maybe
at least four uh Republican presidential
candidates who are going to send the
military in to destroy you if you don't
want that go back to just selling you
know marijuana and cocaine and heroin
which don't kill nearly as much as
Fentanyl if you go back to that we won't
invade the country we'll just do the
usual interdiction stuff and try to
arrest you as we can we'll go back to
our cat and mouse thing and by the way
we might even do some business with you
you know some secret business maybe our
CIA needs a little secret money maybe we
could go easy on you you help us out you
know that sort of thing that's what it
looks
like so my guess is that somebody tried
to negotiate a deal in which the caloa
folks would get an A
Sentinel in return for some kind of you
know easier
action or somebody gets out of jail or
something El Chapo's wife was released
could it be possible that El Chapo
worked a deal where his wife would be
released in return for him causing his
sons to get out of the fenal business
maybe you could imagine that being a
deal I don't know that it was but um
this was always the way to get this
done the way to stop
fenel was probably for our intelligence
people to work a deal with the
cartels so that they could still be rich
but we wouldn't send our military in
because there was too much public
pressure to do it so something's
happening but I doubt it will have any
impact on the supply of
fenel all right so yesterday I uh did a
uh podcast
interview
uh and going to do one tomorrow I'll let
you know all about those so yesterday I
talked to Pearl of pearly things uh I'll
let you know when that's up and in
theory unless unless it gets postponed I
better check my
messages
uh huh um
so unless unless it gets canceled I'll
be doing uh Russell Brand
today and I think it would show up for
your viewing a little later this week
but I don't want to give you a date on
that until until it's confirmed because
with podcasting things get rescheduled
just all the
times all right
um so that's happening my other uh
podcast would be a Megan Kelly if you
want to do a Google search I'm told the
Megan Kelly interview and the Michael
mice interviews you can Google both of
those uh were some of my best work so if
you like to see some of my best work
apparently it's
there all
right
um yeah I don't have
any those are the only ones that are
scheduled right
now uh can you go on the all-in podcast
well I don't know I I've got a few other
podcasts I'll be looking at going on but
they're not all practical they're not
they're not all
really in my sweet
spot if drugs were legal dosages would
be known and consistent and overdoses
would decline you know I used to think
that um so there's one view that if
drugs were legal people would get let's
say a legal fenol pill and then they
would take it and it wouldn't be enough
to give them any kind of an
OD that is from somebody who has never
met an
addict can I explain an addict for you
hey your fentanyl is now legal and it's
all regulated and if and it's free it's
free just Comm in we'll give you a fenal
pill that definitely won't kill you what
does the addict do every time not
sometimes but every time they go in they
get their free pill oh thank you for the
free
pill and then they send their friend in
to get another free pill friend is not
an addict but they go in and say I'm a
totally addict give me a free pill
friend gets a free pill gives it to the
addict so he has two pills because the
addict says one pill is not enough for
me I've I built up so much tolerance I'm
I'm like a three pill person so the
addict keeps taking the free pills as
much as he can get and then if the free
pills are not enough what does he
do he buys illegal drugs to add to the
free
pill now if you didn't know that that
will happen every time with a serious
addict then you shouldn't be part of
this
conversation that's basic if you don't
understand the addicts will do whatever
they can to get more and that more is
the only quantity that makes sense
there's no such thing as here's enough
hey
addict why don't you try that with
alcohol why don't you say to alcoholics
hey alcoholic I got a deal for you one
free beer every
day yeah that should take care of your
problem right because your problem is
drinking too much but I will give you
one free beer every day and no more
alcoholics hey I solved alcoholist them
because I gave them one free beer every
day and it's well measured and safe and
I guarantee you that nobody's going to
have an overdose or die of alcoholism
from One Beer a Day so I guess I nailed
that didn't I ah is there any other
problems you like me to solve no so
that's the problem with legalized
drugs if if you look at legalized drugs
from your own non-addict point of view
it sort of makes sense but as soon as
you say an addict only wants one
quantity more there's only one quantity
an addict
wants
more right once you learn that trick
then everything makes sense like why
things don't work why things do work it
all makes sense when you realize that
they only want more in all cases every
time that's what addiction
is addicts always go to 11 that is
correct they don't stop at 10
all
right um and that ladies and gentlemen
was everything I needed to do today I
got to get ready to talk to Russell
Brand I'll let you know when that
drops
and that's all for
today I'll talk to you later you