bump-bump hey everybody
come on in here let's talk about Russia
pom pom
join me for the theme song bump of them
yeah I'm got a little a start this
morning sorry about that I know you had
your coffee ready it might be a little
bit colder than it was before but it's
still time for the simultaneous sip get
ready
join me oh that's good stuff now let's
talk about Russia and Putin as you know
the anti-trump errs have already tried
to frame this as as Trump going over
there and being a sucker and Putin being
the clever operator the smart one he's
going to completely dupe our president
who doesn't see it coming that's the
funny part the funny part is that
apparently everyone in the planet sees
that Putin is playing trump except
chopped for some reason he managed to
become the President of the United
States and still according to the
anti-trump errs he's the only one who
doesn't know he's being played by by
Putin now it seems to me that a more
objective frame on this is that there
are two leaders who are very persuasive
who are meeting and may try to play each
other because that's why they're there
they literally decided to meet to play
each other now of course wouldn't you
say play each other this sounds bad the
other way to do that would be talk you
know and they're going to feel each
other out and they're going to see
what's what etc now as as I was watching
a clip of their first meeting I was
struck by a few things first of all
it does seem to me that the body
language was not all that positive so
it's starting out with very stiff body
language what's that mean
well it doesn't it means that they're
not they're not primed to just be best
friends so if something good comes out
of this it probably won't be because of
chemistry all right now they may develop
some chemistry during the course of the
time that they're in the same place but
at the moment not much
somebody just mentioned the language
barrier and that's where I was going to
go next
can you think of a country in which the
current leader speaks English fluently
and they're also a big problem in other
words do we have any does the United
States have any enemy countries where
the leader speaks perfect English
Canada's doesn't count you know I'm
talking about somebody who has a a
military posture Syria well I'm not sure
I'm not sure Syria was directly our
problem now Syria doesn't the Syria is
definitely not trying to pick a fight
with the United States wouldn't you say
Syria has never attacked the United
States yeah it's well North North Korea
doesn't he doesn't speak English I know
I don't believe that Kim jong-un speaks
English Iran doesn't speak English yeah
you know I think it seems to me that
yeah you can't count our allies because
even if we're having words with our
allies there's still our allies it seems
to me that this language issue is a big
deal and it seems to me that when you're
dealing with countries that don't speak
the same language it's problematic
because you can never bond you know
what's the thing I tell you is the most
important part
of bonding its pacing so acting like the
person in some way now you could select
like them physically you can agree with
their ideas on the small but it really
helps to know the language so persuasion
doesn't work nearly as well without that
so that's a living with Russia now when
I watch all these Russia's stories to me
there's always something missing and I
want to see if that seems like it to you
when we hear that Russia is messing with
us or has messed with us and let's say
let's just take the last several years
maybe let's take a bomb my
administration through current trump
administration why is somebody out here
just yelling at me to stop lying what is
wrong with you
take the current administration yeah and
the Obama administration so there are
many allegations about why Russia has
tried to mess with us at the same time
Russia is small and we are you know
relatively bigger except militarily
where we because of the nuclear weapons
all right we will block you for just
screaming things that make no sense and
the thing that's missing is why right so
we take as a given that Russia is
continually looking for ways to mess
with us but what's always missing is why
why now you probably think yourself why
no why all right I know why I know why
because they always mess with us but
that's not really a reason is it that
they always have and so they always will
is that a reason are they trying to
destroy the United States are they
trying to destroy the United States
because here's the different here's what
I'm talking about in the size difference
so Russia if you could talk about the
economy and even the size of their
standing army I suppose you know us is
gigantic dominates the scene militarily
and Russia is tiny does the tiny country
really think about it does the tiny
country want to destabilize the
government of the biggest military power
in the galaxy do they would anybody
really want to destabilize the
government of the biggest power in the
galaxy that feels like the very worst
thing that anybody could do now you say
to yourself yeah yeah yeah but they're
they want to just destabilize us a
little bit because then they get some
advantages such as what would be some of
those advantages you know does it does
it make us a little slower to react to
them or something can you can we compare
those small advantages they might get by
making the United States a little less
effective let's say to what advantages
Russia would get by simply being a
trading partner and a friend those
aren't even close are they is it even
close to how much benefit Russia could
get by simply playing nice there's a
huge upside to that complete stability
economic growth zero chance of a
military problem there's everything good
about playing nice but playing like
jerks to us doesn't make sense with the
information that we have been given so
it makes me think wait a minute there
must be some information that we have
not been given tell me what that is what
is the information that has not been
given by the news on either side and
there's a reason for that
what is the information that has not
been given that the news doesn't well
the reasons right
maybe Hillary did it you're getting warm
here's why it makes sense to mess with
the biggest military biggest economy in
the world mutually-assured cyber
destruction retaliation pushing back
what do you do when a bully messes with
you let's say you're Putin and and you
know you could say he's a bully
and that would be fair but what do you
what would Putin do if an even bigger
bully started pushing him around
he'd push back but he would push back
proportionally wouldn't he you wouldn't
push back so hard that we would attack
that'd be crazy but there's no way he's
gonna let us mess with his politics mess
with his you know internet connections
mess with him in a cyber way there's no
way
Putin is gonna let the United States do
that without without pushing back in
kind about the right size now if you
throw that into the mix and it would
make sense that our press doesn't talk
about that because you know even if we
knew we probably wouldn't talk about it
that much right so even if our press
understood that we do these things to
other countries including probably our
allies right everybody everybody's
telling me to knock it off or maybe
they're talking to somebody else I can't
tell in the comments but does it feel to
you like there's a piece missing which
is which is what is it that makes Russia
want to do this
now let's add this to another piece of
the puzzle the president wants to meet
with Putin and talk privately without
anybody there what types of things would
the President of the United States and
Putin
want to say to each other that they
would not want witnesses to especially
the the press what kinds of things might
they want to talk about somebody said
the truth that's exactly right
there might be exactly two people in the
world who could speak the truth to each
other and the only people that that
could do that would be Putin and Trump
privately there's nobody else who would
be authorized and the authorizes the
important part there's nobody else who
would be authorized to tell the truth
and would also know the truth they're
the only two they got to get rid of the
witnesses now what can they say once
they're there in the room privately how
about some form of this why the hell are
you messing with us
why the hell are you messing with us
give me one good reason that Russia in
the United States need to be enemies
and then Putin probably says something
like I didn't start it but I'm not gonna
let you do it just any way you want I
didn't start it and then Trump says well
you know maybe it did start it but you
know that was before Obama then Obama
started it and then you kick back and
then we kick back now we're sanctioning
you now you're probably going to do some
more things to our elections who wins
there's no end game there the only thing
that both of them want to do is stop
doing it and in order to do it one of
them in that room has to say some
version of yeah we're doing it to each
other how about we just stop remember
what I told you that yeah you stop first
won't work for either person right
neither Trump nor Putin would respond to
how about you stop first it's not going
to work there's some things you can't
say in public as in yeah we're doing it
too
and there's something you can only say
it in private so has anybody ever done
that before as ever as anybody ever put
Putin in a private room and said is
there some reason that we need to be
screwing with each other because I don't
see it right are we trying to
destabilize China's government is the
United States trying to destabilize
China I'll bet not you know I'm sure
that China and the US have lots of cyber
this and that going on but the reason we
would not try to destabilize China is
what could be worse you know what would
be worse from the for the United States
than a destabilize China good lord that
would be pretty bad right so we don't
want to destabilize them we don't want
to destabilize Putin obviously we'd be
happy or if he's not poisoning is
dissonance on our allies soil for
example so there are certain things
certainly things we want from them but I
also like the fact that Putin isn't
there Trump is not going to let the
little stuff get in the way of the big
stuff I hate to say that poisoning
dissidents in Great Britain is little
stuff because if you get killed it's
pretty big stuff to you but on the
larger picture you're either going to
deal with a Putin or you're not and it's
going to come with some pretty pretty
pretty rough edges there's a press press
conference going on right now let's see
if I can tune to that on my handy phone
I'll tell you in a moment if there's a
customer that was a commercial in mine
[Music]
so here's what I would expect I don't
know that we'll ever hear what came out
of the meeting with Trump and Putin they
might if they're smart they'll come up
with some kind of a middle-east plan
because imagine if imaginative Putin and
Trump decided to play for the same team
yeah and I don't mean in the collusion
way I mean in the Middle East
suppose Iran gets further isolated
because North Korea is talking to us
nice nicely and let's say Putin starts
playing nicer it isolates Iran right and
then suddenly Iran needs to play nice as
well so in terms of the order of things
it's perfect you do North Korea first
you do Putin's second you do Iran third
that's exactly the right order dad do
you see that right you see that that
Gordon Chang says President Xi might be
gone hmm I don't know about that I'll
look into that cuz whatever Gordon Chang
says I take seriously US is a nation of
laws and Russia is not well but Russia
has a leader and he can certainly make
whatever happens that he wants happen
uh yeah he's president for life
president she is all right so have you
watched that the the Russia collusion
narrative and here I'm not going to name
names so let me just offer a
clarification some of you saw I was
tweeting with Josh Rogin I think Josh
Rogin right a columnist for The
Washington Post he appears on CNN
frequently and I made a comment about
his tweet now Josh Rogin not Joe Rogan
and I could I referred to him I loved
him with anti anti Trump errs and he
said that he wasn't an anti-trump er so
he's a columnist for The Washington Post
and appears on CNN but he's not a anti
Trump ER so I thought to myself and that
was one of his complaints so I thought
well I'll take a look at his Twitter
feed and I'll see all the balanced
stories in there but there are not any
balance story isn't there so I'm not
going to say that that he's a balanced
opinion person but opinion people don't
need to be balanced so there's nothing
wrong with him not being balanced in
terms of his opinions because that's
what an opinion is an opinion is a you
know take it aside essentially so that
part's okay but it seems like it's a
it's slicing it kind of finely to say
yeah I I work for an anti Trump
organization and I appear on an anti
Trump network and I only tweet articles
that are negative about Trump but I'm
not personally anti Trump because I have
not said something so directly which I
take I take as I'll take that correction
I take the correction that he has not
personally written about collusion
before the election now his other
complaint is he said he had never
written
about collusion but in fact I was I was
referring to his tweet in which he
talked about collusion by his
distinction was it was pointing to an
article that was talking about the
current days talking about current time
not before the election some people say
the collusion part is the part that
happened before the election but my my
take on what on the collusion the
collusion claim is that I thought most
people making the claim assume that it
extended past the election to current
times I thought the entire narrative was
how Russia helped Trump get elected and
now he owes them something so it's sort
of an ongoing role in collusion so to
Josh's point es for a correction so I'll
make that correction that when when he
used the word collusion he was referring
to an article that was talking about the
after the yeah the the serious story and
our dealing with Russia and that being
the collusion narrative so that's my
correction but it was kind of a small
one all right
am i distracted yeah a little bit all
right I'm going to sign off and watch
the watch the press conference
with the rest of you all right and I'll
talk to you later bye