um bump a bump um look at that view
that's what I'm looking at today
a little bit foggy it's gonna be cold
but you didn't come here for the view
definitely didn't come here for the view
I think I know why you're here
and I think I know what time it is let
me tell you what time it is it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip yes the highlight of
your day the part that makes everything
better
yeah that's pretty easy to do those of
you who have already mastered it you
could ignore the preflight directions
but if you're new listen carefully you
don't want to get this wrong because if
you try to put your beverage in
something that's not really a container
such as your carpet or a table top
that's not gonna work I mean you're not
going to enjoy the simultaneous sip if
the thing you're trying to use is your
container is your carpet or your
tabletop no you need something else you
need a cover of hourglasses snifter
stein Calais tankard thermos flask
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
except for your carpet or your table put
it in your vessel your favorite beverage
I like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous that fill your dopamine
starting to surge go oh yeah dopamine
online all systems go so let's talk
about a few things over in Great Britain
they had a terrorist attack with a knife
so terrorists with a knife stabbed some
people on the London Bridge but he was
quickly subdued
by including one man who worked at the
fishmongers hall who took a five-foot
narwhals tusk from the wall and went out
to confront the attacker yes you heard
it right a terrorist attack was thwarted
in part by a man with a narwhal tusk
now when the terrorist was planning his
attack and he was probably trying to
think through all the alternatives and
he was thinking well okay the police
they don't have guns or do they I know
maybe they have guns by now and I'm
gonna be in public what's my biggest
risk when he was thinking through his
crime did he even once think what if
somebody grabs a narwhal tusks off of
the wall of the fishmongers Hall and
comes out and starts hitting me with
that narwhal tusk what then what then
well that's what happened
I believe the reporting is that the guy
was in art the fish mongers haul narwhal
tusks worked there and he was from
Poland so I think he was a Polish
immigrant so this one immigrant who was
the terrorist was taken out by a narwhal
tusk by a Polish immigrant so go
immigrants good job Polish immigrants if
you're a Polish immigrant I'm not sure
if the reporting is right but I've I've
decided that I'm not going to be that
far away from a narwhal tusk the case
you know cases stuff goes down I want to
be able to reach behind my door pull out
the narwhal tusks and go to work if you
know what I mean go to work right take
care of business yep so there's that now
how can you tell that this that this
attack did not happen in America
so the first thing is that
that the citizens attacked the attacker
so one had a fire extinguisher yeah so
that's right some of the attackers
apparently had criminal records
themselves so it's a very complicated
weird little situation but how can you
tell that the that this attack did not
happen in the United States here's how
you can tell because the attacker was
still alive when the police got there in
two minutes I think if this had happened
in the United States if you if you give
me if you give me in our wall tusks
against the guy with two knives and you
know I've got a little help somebody's
gonna get him down I don't think I'm
gonna stop hitting that guy with my
narwhal tusks there wouldn't be much
left of them by the time the police got
there anyway apparently this guy pled
guilty to terrorism charges in 2012 and
the UK but served under half of his 16
years at what-what-what let me read this
sentence again because I I can't stop
saying what before I get to the end of
the sentence so the terrorists he pled
guilty to terrorism charges in 2012 so
far so good but served under half of his
16 years set what he only got 16 years
for terrorism what terrorism is not a
life sentence what I don't know what the
sentence is in the United States in the
United States if you're convicted for
terrorism do you ever get out of jail
what oh my goodness
talk about talk about not handling it
right now maybe it's the same in the
United States I suppose if you're
convicted on a terrorism charge but you
haven't convicted any you haven't done
any actual terrorism yet I suppose
that's good enough not to get life and
but why if you're convicted on a
terrorism charge should you ever get out
of prison I mean I could see why you
wouldn't want to use the death penalty
people have a certain feeling about that
but why would you ever let the matter
president I don't even understand it as
a concept because the terrorists are not
like criminals they're not like
criminals criminals maybe they grow out
of it you know because the older you get
the less violent you are for example but
a terrorist isn't going to grow out of
it
they're not going to grow out of their
terrorism desire they're just gonna get
out of prison and do some terrorism
right let's not understand that
in other news Germany is decided to
phase out all of its nuclear power
plants at what point did Germany decide
to just give up is it my imagination or
as Germany just surrendered I mean I
think Germany just gave up it's like wow
we're not even we're not even gonna try
anymore let's just get rid of all our
only source of clean energy that could
possibly power us in the future at an
economical way let's just get rid of all
that so that's the wrong decision
in other news China apparently sent over
3,000 fake US driver's licenses but they
were intercepted by a customs official
so why is China sending 3,000 fake
driver's licenses to the United States
so the first question you must ask we
can't do that in the United States why
is it that why is it that whoever bought
these or was trying to buy them why did
they have to buy them from China if
you're gonna get an illegal driver's
license
you can't do that from the United States
we don't have any underworld people who
will make you a fake driver's license
yeah you're giving an enemy right if
it's coming from China is theirs
something more to it than just fake
driver's licenses is it possible that
China would like to get a lot of illegal
people voting because even if it didn't
change the election result they would
certainly screw us over because once we
found out that a lot of people voted
illegally the entire system would look
not as credible somebody says do the
licenses say made in China maybe not so
China we don't know if this was you know
government sanctioned but you always
assume everything that comes out of
China is kind of government sanctioned
because they know too much about their
people so is China doing anything except
bad stuff these days seems pretty
consistent so you saw that the last
couple days Bloomberg's been taking a
hit from a lot of conservatives and
Trump supporters who are saying that
they're saying it because he's on video
saying it himself Bloomberg and I'm
paraphrasing but basically he wants to
tax poor people so that they will live
longer in other words he will tax things
which are bad for them so that if poor
people you know want to do those things
that are bad for them they can do it but
it's going to take all of their money to
do it but by taxing things like large
sodas or cigarettes or alcohol or
whatever
Bloomberg is taxing the poor for their
own good and a lot of people said my god
is he really saying that is Bloomberg
really saying we should tax the poor for
their own good
well I hate to be the party pooper here
I hate to be the party pooper but I
swear to god I'm not going to jump on
the bandwagon of attacking Bloomberg for
being smart can't do it
I can't attack Bloomberg for knowing
more about economics than the people who
are criticizing him can't do it all
right trust me I'm not I'm not a
supporter of Bloomberg in the past I
thought you would be he would be a
credible president in the past but I
think he's aged out of it at 77 so I'm
not now supporting him at all but let me
tell you he's a hundred percent right
when he says that taxes are used to
manipulate people's life choices because
the government has decided it's good for
him or good for somebody else so I think
we have to smarten up a little bit well
let me put it this way let me put it in
the starkest terms let's say let's say
just take it out of this situation if
you see that Mike Bloomberg makes a
claim about business or economics all
right so let's say Bloomberg makes a
claim about economics remember economics
is part of psychology right if you raise
this price people's psychology changes
and they buy less of it so if you see
Mike Bloomberg make any kind of a
statement claim about economics and then
you see other people criticizing him
look at the carrot look at the
qualifications of the criticizers are
they self-made billionaires in the
business world are they economists are
they psychologists no they're largely
not because if they were any of those
things they would just be agreeing with
them if you hear Bloomberg say something
about economics and then you hear other
people who are not as successful as
Bloomberg and don't understand economics
say wow how crazy that is you should go
with Bloomberg I'm not saying vote for
him I'm not saying you agree with
everything he says I'm just this is a
very narrow statement if Mike Bloomberg
makes a public statement or claim about
economics or business or the way that
world
works and somebody else says he's wrong
who are you gonna bet on seriously all
right you can dislike all of his
politics but don't bet against the one
thing he knows more about than you do
don't bet against that you know and now
I'm not saying that everything he says
is gonna be right right but when Mike
Bloomberg says that the government can
or does tax poor people to keep them
from doing things that are bad for their
health that's business as usual that's
business as usual that's what we already
do and society completely accepts it do
we tax cigarettes so people will smoke
less yes does it work
yes it does do we tax alcohol because
it's bad for people yes we do so it's
not unusual at all to tax poor people to
keep them from doing things that they
shouldn't be doing at least in terms of
their health they shouldn't be doing now
if you believe that tax policy should
not have a social implication well
that's that would be a credible position
so if you said in general I don't ever
want tax policy to be determining what I
actually do with my life I think you'd
make a good case for that but be
consistent be consistent that it none of
it can have social implications so for
example you would get rid of the
mortgage deduction for homes because the
mortgage deduction for homes is trying
to incent people to a certain behavior
which is buying homes right if you don't
want your tax policy incenting people in
lifestyle decisions you have to get rid
of the mortgage deduction you also have
to get rid of every other business
deduction you have to get rid of all the
things that the tax code does I used to
know a guy who worked for the IRS and
when you talk to somebody who works for
the eye
and you say hey you work for the IRS
what does the IRS do what is the
function of the IRS and they will tell
you two things you think it's one thing
but people work for the IRS will tell
you it's two things the one you already
knew about is collecting money so that
the government can function that's the
part we all agreed on but if you talk to
people who work at the IRS and say what
do you do it they'll say two things one
is that thing and the other is social
policy so the IRS is at least the way we
use it now I'm not saying we should use
it that way that's a different argument
I'm just saying what is our current
situation is that tax policy is social
policy it's the same thing so when Mike
Bloomberg says essentially tax policy
and social policy are merged that's not
crazy that's a simple explanation of our
current situation which society is
accepted for generations there's nothing
in that sentence so trying to take
Bloomberg down because he says he wants
to tax poor people so they will live
longer is an illegitimate way to restate
what he said right there are plenty of
good reasons to attack Mike Bloomberg on
policy in preferences all that and and
and by all means go to it but don't make
the mistake of criticizing about
economics and business because a
journalist said so who are you gonna
trust the billionaire or the journalist
on a business question it's crazy all
right so you know in our hyper-partisan
world it's impossible to support
somebody who is not on your team I'm you
know so just bear with me I think you're
all adult enough that you can handle the
fact that the people you don't want to
be President can sometimes do some good
stuff now there's also a story today
about a OCS
potential competitor got booted off a
Twitter no I'm sorry not overseas Elon
Omar's potential challenger for her seat
in Congress got booted off for
suggesting that if Omar is guilty of
treason of which there's no evidence
that she's guilty of treason so let me
say that first to the best of my
knowledge there is no evidence that
would anybody would consider a credible
they Alon Omar is some kind of a traitor
or working for Qatar now I do know
there's lots of rumor mongering on the
Internet and if some day somebody found
out that she had done something wrong
and there's actual evidence that looks
credible I'm sure I'll tell you I'm sure
I will tell you but at the moment I'm
not aware of any credible evidence
somebody says are you kidding Scott no
I'm not kidding there's no credible
evidence they Eli Omar is a traitor
working for Qatar there's plenty of talk
and there are plenty of people saying it
but there's no yeah the Imam of peace
I'm sorry is not a credible voice I hate
to tell you that I I know a lot of you
have been following the Imam of peace
for some time but I don't know when he's
right and when he's wrong but I will say
with confidence that he's not credible
right so because he says that it has
nothing to do with whether it's true
those are just unrelated things so just
disconnect those in your mind credible
doesn't mean right or wrong credible
means is it a source which by its nature
you should say oh it comes from that
source I don't know if it's right or
wrong but at least it's credible it's
something we should take seriously the
Imam of peace unfortunately is not in
that category I'd like him to be I you
know because he says lots of good things
about anti terrorism and stuff
so I would want him to be but he's not
now that doesn't mean he's wrong I want
to be really careful I'm not saying he's
wrong about anything I'm saying that
what he's saying should not be assumed
in any way to be accurate might be right
might be wrong but we can't make any
assumption about it and therefore it's
not credible evidence anyway so Ilana
Omar's opponent doesn't even matter what
her name is because you'll never hear
from right
she got booted off a Twitter for saying
that if Elon omar is guilty of treason
for this alleged non-credible accusation
of a Qatari influence that she should be
hanged now should you be kicked off of
Twitter if you're running for Congress
and you're suggesting that your opponent
under the right circumstances should be
hanged
I don't know I'm probably just gonna
make you mad all morning today but that
feels like a fairly good band to me all
right if you're calling for violence
against somebody based on no evidence
you know it's not good enough that you
said it hypothetically hypothetically if
somebody murders somebody I think they
should be killed I don't know I think I
think Twitter's got a got a case there
so and I know you disagree with me I'm I
don't even need to look at the comments
to know how how you're gonna react to
that all right so here's the thing again
let me be clear I'm not a fan of the
Ilan Omar not a fan of her politics or I
don't think she's I don't think she's
good for the country
I think the heal on Omar is a negative
force in the country but and you know
her personal life is her personal life
looks let's say complicated do I care
about her personal life No
not really if feel on Omar we're doing
in Congress all of the things that I
thought were good for the country I
wouldn't care about her doing whatever
she did in the past personal life I
don't care as long as she's doing the
job that I would want her to do but I
don't think she's doing that so not a
fan all right
here's an interesting question could
Hong Kong destroy China because I've
seen some murmurs about that that the
Hong Kong example if you will you know
it let's say China cracks down in Hong
Kong and it becomes a massacre could
that cause China proper - maybe rise up
against its leader
I'm gonna say no I I don't know anyway
that Hong Kong can go except that
eventually China will have full control
over it I you know I want that not to
happen and I want Hong Kong to have
their autonomy but I don't know how that
could ever happen and I mean
realistically I just can't even I can't
imagine it it's hard to it's hard to
work toward something I can't imagine
now what happens to the poor people who
live in Hong Kong well they should get
out I don't know what the rules are
about getting out of Hong Kong and
bringing your money with you but if
you're living and working in Hong Kong
you should get out get out right away
because and the long run in China is
going to run Hong Kong and they're
certainly going to be pretty harsh on
the people who resisted and they know
who you are so I would get out of there
if I were you
just get out China can have Hong Kong
but they can't have Hong Kong if you
know what I mean they can they can have
the real estate they can be in charge of
picking up the garbage but Hong Kong
won't be Hong Kong when by the time
they're done so good luck with that
so New York Times did a hit piece on
Komal Harris in which they threw her
totally under the bus and talked about
what a mess her campaign is worst ever
and if you see the New York Times
dumping on Komal Harris you have to say
to yourself hey the the people on the
Left are not somebody says I'm
disappointed as Scott for covering up
for Omar now before I block you which
I'm going to do in a moment did you hear
me covering up for Omar did anybody hear
anything even roughly like that no you
did not so the reason you're getting
blocked okay quaaack is because you have
accused me of something that didn't
happen and it was public you all got to
watch you watched that I did not cover
up for Omar I simply said the
accusations are not credible it's the
same thing I would say for you KK quad
Jack if you were accused of something by
somebody who is not a credible source
would I say put him in jail and kill him
no I would not even if I didn't like
anything else you do in life I would say
those are not credible accusations could
be true could be false but I don't have
any credible information so you get the
block for that but at least you stayed
around to hear why
all right so if New York Times is
dumping on Camille Harris does that mean
that the let's say well should we call
them not that a deep stage but the let's
say the Democratic elites does that mean
that they don't have a choice
can you can you determined can you
determine who the leadership in the
Democratic world wants to be the
candidate let me ask you that
so here's a question for the common
in the comments tell me
so he says calling the imam of peace not
credible there's also a not a credible
statement so it's not credible to say
that he is not credible okay that's
actually a fair statement it is fair
statement to say that I'm not credible
calling somebody else not credible
that's a fair statement but you have to
non-credible so it all ends up being the
same so good luck with that all right it
looks like the Democrats I have no idea
at least the leadership the smart people
who they even want to be their candidate
because it seems to me that we would be
seeing the the beginnings of that now
Budaj edges seems to be getting the best
free pass from the press wouldn't you
agree
we're seeing these little these little
digs against them about you know his
list of black supporters and we've seen
the press corps him for his lack of
african-american support but it doesn't
seem like they're trying to take him out
of the race whereas if you look at the
way the New York Times just treated
camel Harris it looks like they're
trying to take her out of the race
Buddha judge is interesting because
while he's interesting on a lot of
levels but I don't know I don't I don't
think that the leadership of the
Democrats have decided on him I think
he's just interesting to them all right
apparently researchers have developed a
robot with a sense of touch so now you
can touch your robot and your robot will
know that you touched his shoulder or
its arm or something that was just the
beginnings of that they would have to
get the cost down and make all that
stuff more reliable apparently but isn't
it kind of obvious where we're heading
when our robots have a sense of touch
ask you this how hard would it be to
program a robot to act and think and
feel as if it were let's say human or
sentient could you program your
artificial intelligence and your robot
especially when it has a sense of touch
to to tell you intentions and to act
like it is yesterday's yes that's how
you know you are a simulation that's
another story let me let me ask this
question for all of you is does anybody
know of a source that puts in one place
and maybe with an analysis or links all
of the different ways you can avoid
these standards social media companies
thinking primarily here of browsers such
as the brave browser and YouTube
alternatives such as bit suit and rock
fin etc and I'm thinking of Google
alternatives such as DuckDuckGo and
start page is it does anybody have them
all in one place if you could because
you could you tweet that at me because
I'd like to give that some attention and
if nobody's done it it should be done
there should be a page of all the
alternatives for each of the major
platforms with a link to it and maybe a
plus and the minus like what's what's
the plus and the minus and then ideally
for all of the for all of the YouTube
alternatives there needs to be some kind
of automatic feed so that if you put
something on YouTube it automatically
feeds to the alternative alternative
YouTube's somebody says are you serious
about what spread privacy calm somebody
says oh Wikipedia does that per category
alright
so it's a yes start page calm is a
browser that competes with Google
somebody says all right lots of new ones
okay I just looking at your answers so
anyway tweeted at me but but I wanted to
include the following things should have
at least a link so you could go to that
alternative site but also a brief
description of you know what's good or
bad about it that would be ideal let me
let me oh there's also a a lot of work
on this is a new topic on air
conditioning redesigned and apparently
there's you know money to be made I know
at one point who started version whose
the billionaire who started Virgin
Records and Virgin Atlantic blanking on
it but Sir Richard Branson so Branson
apparently is part of an effort to have
like an X Prize for inventing a better
air conditioning and I always think that
there's a way to invent air conditioning
without electronics and let me let me
explain it to you and I will do it
with how shall I explain this to you I
would do it with this box of Kleenex and
this bottle of water now if you had a
hot house and that little chimney so
this is this would be the chimney where
would the air go well hot air raised
rises so the air that's inside your
house would go up the chimney and that
would cause a continuous flow well
suppose you extended this so that the
air coming into your house goes under
the ground for a while or maybe it goes
through a lake or something you know
goes through pipes that are in like so
that the air that goes into your house
would be cooler and the air that's
already in your house that's warmed up
will go out here and because this air is
being drawn out because of the warm air
let's call that there's name
it's a heat chimney I think it's a heat
chimney this this idea so since the air
will be drawn out here just by the
natural warmth that's enough to suck in
the new air that has been circulated
under a lake or under the ground or
something so it picks up some cooling as
it goes and I thought suppose you
developed the entire village or at least
a cluster of homes so that they're all
sucking air through something that cools
it up through some kind of a heat
chimney and maybe all the homes use the
same heat chimney so you know we need
one of them you would somebody says
that's already done with Wells
somebody's calling that geothermal well
it's geothermal let me ask you this it's
geothermal if you do it to stay warm is
it also geothermal if you're doing it to
stay cool I don't know somebody says
it's pricey yeah it's pricey and that's
why you'd wanted to use several homes in
a cluster so if you had one chimney that
served multiple homes near it all of
their hot air could go up the same
chimney and they could be drawing from
some underground stuff that you built
all at the same time so it's
cost-effective all right so I hope
ground is cool but maybe not cool enough
well run it through the lake or run it
deeper underground
if you know or keep it underground for
longer yeah so the the length of the
tube that is traveling will determine
how much of its warmth that losses on
the on the path so just asking about
that is there some free way to do it I
think the future will be interesting
there do you all know ed Latimer on on
Twitter I've recommended him a number of
times so ed Latimer is one of the most
useful and important voices on Twitter
at this point because he's he's full of
useful and practical strategies now ed
is african-american and he's got sort of
a knee
that he fills they're talking to people
in certain circumstances usually people
who don't have natural advantages maybe
they were born poor maybe they were born
in the hood you don't have to be black
or white but his advice is sort of about
how to pick yourself up and form a
strategy and and go succeed and I have
this following idea I'm just gonna put
this out here I believe that any poor
kid who understood the the concept of a
talent stack would succeed I know that's
a that's a big claim right but it seems
to me that if you could if you could
have for each kid let's say from the
time they enter school you could have
some kind of a permanent listing that's
the at least available for the kids and
their parents of what skills they've
already developed and then then the app
might suggest extra skills that could be
piled on top of it because I think you
would see that you know when you check
your app to see where your talent stack
is doing for yourself or for your kid
you'd say oh I've got three things that
work well together and I've got a fourth
thing that doesn't work with these other
three things so that's discounted
because the talent stack isn't about
number of talents it's about the number
of talents that work well together all
right so if you had the ability to be a
public speaker to almost any other skill
you become a good candidate to be the
boss because you can speak in public and
maybe other people can't so the idea
would be to form an app that any poor
kid could have for free you know it's on
the internet you can access it it's on
your phone if you have access to a phone
and you could just say oh I have
developed three skills my lifetime
earnings is approximately this number
then somebody else would go and say oh
I've developed five skills my lifetime
predicted income is some higher number
here's why this is important I've said
this before but it's one of the most
important
facts about how humans work that you'll
ever hear in your life and that is the
things which you can measure are the
things you manage even if you don't want
to it's just a one of those hard and
fast rules that you can't avoid if you
can measure it you're more likely to
work on you know tweaking it if you
can't measure it you're not going to
work on fixing it because you don't even
know if the things you're doing are
making any difference because you can't
measure it if you say if you say to a
young kid you know are you doing the
right things to succeed can you measure
it well you can measure their grades in
school but I fear that that really
disadvantages somebody from you know a
poor neighborhood where they have a bad
situation for school not just socially
but the school itself so that's kind of
limiting if the only thing you could
measure about a kid's potential is their
grades in school
that's pretty demote and demoralizing
because not everybody gets good grades
in school but suppose you had this app
that could show your talent stack and
you can see that you added a talent and
that you're adding other ones and
they're compatible and every time you
add a talent it changes your presumed
lifetime income right there you can say
oh I just added I just took a course on
public speaking look what it did to my
future income it just went up 20 percent
now imagine you had that for every kid
and they could just add skills to it and
watch their lifetime income go up what
that would do is it would make everybody
who wasn't having talents to their
talent stack know exactly why they were
failing I think about it right now
everybody not everybody but people like
to blame their circumstance people like
to say I look in this bad neighborhood
and they've got bad parents and you know
I got a bad leg and I'm ugly I'm sure
whatever
whatever damn thing you're worrying
about people love to obsess about all
the things that are holding them back
but imagine you have the app and your
best friend has you know five skills and
you can see your best friends earnings
potential
and you know you could have those five
skills too because your friend just took
the classes you know you know learn from
somebody you knew it
nothing nothing out of the ordinary they
just did it and you didn't and you could
look at your app and say oh man my
friends got five skills I've got three
his lifetime in earning is you know two
hundred thousand a year
mine is sixty thousand a year and all I
have to do is add a couple more talents
and I can have at least statistically
the same chance I think that would
completely reorient how people are
feeling now I like to say that racism
exists it matters but here's why
ed Latimer is so important to the world
because AD is dealing on a rational sort
of strategic level and I believe he's
he's offering some courses and stuff so
check out it's at Edie Latimer lati ar e
so check him out on Twitter and see what
he's up to
because if he gets I like to boost his
signal because it just looks so
important yeah the way he approaches it
is just amazingly effective and because
he's african-american he's got some
credibility and you know I always talk
about pacing and leaving people will
accept your ideas if they think you're
like them and and in the short run you
can be like them by talking like them
having the same body language breathing
like them acting like them
that's called pacing I can't pace a poor
black kid I mean I could try but that's
that's a lot to ask right
because the poor black kids gonna look
at me and say Oh what do I have in
common with this old white cartoonist
guy and the answer is not much and so I
will have all this wonderful advice that
can't get into that bubble
I can't penetrate anybody else's bubble
because I I can't pace them enough not
enough like them that they give me hear
the message but Atlanta Morris and
Lattimer is enough like really anybody
who's had a similar upbringing you know
came from tough circumstances crackheads
everywhere and you know put together a
talent stack that allowed him to live
the life that he's leading now which
apparently is pretty good so I like to
boost this signal because the potential
of that is unlimited really you know if
if you could bring strategy to poor kids
they wouldn't need money
all right that's an exaggeration of
course everybody needs money but the
this is I I will die on this hill I will
die on this hill the thing that gets you
and of your bad situation is strategy
that's it if you have a good strategy
your odds of success are really really
high if you have a bad strategy your
odds of success are zero all right
and I continually see people with good
strategies and Lattimore being perfect
example who succeed and then you see
people with bad strategies and they fail
so just some strategy into those
struggling places be they black or be
they white or any other colors if you're
poor Kenda strategy now that's why I
wrote my book had it failed almost
everything and still win big because it
was putting in one place in a friendly
form that's the hard part making making
it friendly so I put it in one book and
you can tell if you look at the reviews
for that you can see it's changing
people's lives all over the place all
right
ah let me see if I had anything else to
talk about here no I do not that is all
for today
all right so those are my thoughts of
the day go out and have an amazing
weekend and I will talk to you later