pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody come on in here
gather around if you will quickly find
your mug find your cup your Stein your
challenge your thermos because you know
what time it is oh yeah oh yeah it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams as luck
would have it I'm Scott Adams and you
probably have your morning coffee
already and if you do it's time to enjoy
the unparalleled pleasure of this
simultaneous sip join me ah tankard
yes that's the other word I keep
forgetting your books changed my life
says chant chant 101 well good thank you
you know I hear that a lot it's not
always the same book but most people are
talking about how to fail and almost
everything and still win big so that
book came out in 2013 and almost every
day somebody contacts me and says you
changed my life which is good because I
wrote that book to do exactly that
that's what it was for alright somebody
says I'm begging you don't talk about
climate all right well I'm gonna block
you and talk about climate all right
so let's talk about a let's talk about
the persuasion scorecard now I've got a
few things that I'm going to talk about
in terms of persuasion but I want to see
if you have any extras that you want to
add to the list so I'll be looking at
the comments but let's just like take a
look at some of the more current
persuasion plays but before I do this
well actually I'm going to start
somewhere else I'm going to start on the
back yes my whiteboard has a front in
the back
that's because I'm fancy like that so I
had this realization the other day and
the realization was this that people
conflate the idea of debating with the
idea of persuading and there's a really
really big difference and I worry that
part of the reason that when I talk
about persuasion people to have trouble
understanding not most of you most of
you have come along for the journey so
you're you're up to speed
but if you tried to convince if you
tried to convince somebody who'd never
been introduced a whole persuasion
filter on life the persuasion is a thing
and it matters and you can persuade
people it would be hard and part of the
reason is that they're stuck in a debate
mindset now here's the big difference
when you're debating you're trying to
convince the judge or judges so a
debater is not trying to persuade the
person they're debating with it's a very
different process you're trying to win
points with the judge now the judge is
going to be looking for some you know
specific kinds of rational logical
things so if you're rational and logical
the judge will go King give you a point
if you have a fact that's true thing if
you can debunk the other person's fact
thing you get a point
and so you can actually win the debate
without changing anybody's mind think
about that you can win a debate without
changing anybody's mind debating and
persuading are just completely different
processes so when you're persuading
you're persuading the audience you're
persuading the person you're talking to
or the people you're talking to and when
you're debating you're talking to the
judge and now when you watch the pundits
on television who are complaining about
let's say president Trump's
fact-checking or it could be a OCS
fact-checking or it could be Bernie's
fact-checking it doesn't matter who it
is if you're watching people on TV
saying oh that fact checker or I'm sorry
that politician failed the fact-checking
they did not pass the fact-checking
those are people who were stuck in a
debating mindset and they imagine that
the the participants are appealing to
the judge and then the pundit says well
I'll be the judge if I were the judge of
this debate I would say the one that had
the wrong facts just lost but that's not
what we're doing there is no judge per
se there are only persuaders and
persuade these trying to persuade each
other so with that in mind hmm
let's go to the persuasion scorecard and
look at a few of the topics in the news
now what I did was I tried to pick out
topics where we have a word or a phrase
or a topic name you know something that
is clearly new and current alright so
let's just go through a few make America
great again when it was launched for the
purposes of the campaign it was a
gigantic success probably one of the
best slogans of all time I wrote about
this in my book
winningly but what about now now I would
say that the Democrats have successfully
turned this slogan into a sign of racism
now how many of you just said my god
Scott what the hell are you talking
about Magda is not racism how can you
say they turned it into a simple paratus
no way says Michelle no way you are
talking like debaters everybody who just
disagreed with me you fell into a
debater frame because the facts do not
support what I just said and if you were
in a debate then maybe that would matter
but you're not you're persuading would
you feel comfortable walking outside
with a make America great again hat I
wouldn't I would not wear a make America
great again hat in public
absolutely frickin not because there are
enough people who will attack you
physically for it
that it's it's off the table so I'm
gonna give a grade to magnet for
persuasion A+ so that's an A+ for the
other team so that's an A+ for the
Democrats persuasion wise so they've
turned the best slogan of all time into
a racist symbol that is really really
effective persuasion now if you're
saying to me no Scott I don't personally
think it's a racist symbol you're not
even on the same topic it doesn't matter
what you think it matters that you can't
even wear these these clothes outdoors
they demonized clothing they demonize
this slogan to the point where you can't
even walk outside with it that's good
persuasion let's talk about the
witch-hunt the president uses the
witch-hunt
the name alot has the witch-hunt
branding for the Muller investigation
been successful I would say yes I would
say that it does capture the essence of
it it's a really good you know phrase it
fits it's got some historical context
with actual witch hunts I would say
that's strong I give it at least I give
it at least b-plus so that's a that's a
b-plus for the President on that
here's Bernie's new political slogan
it's not me dot us now if you understand
persuasion you know that people tend to
read the first part of a sentence and
they don't pay attention to the second
part so much so putting not me in the
front of your slogan it is just about
the dumbest thing I've ever seen in a
political campaign so this is an F for
Bernie Bernie in general is very
persuasive you know we're only having
these conversations about socialism
because of Bernie so if you were to look
at him as a character as a as a
politician he's very persuasive he's
really good overall but on his slanted
slogan that's just a failure the the
president is going to sign a an
executive order on free speech so he's
gonna he's gonna say that colleges have
to have to respect free speech or they
won't get federal money now I don't know
if you could enforce that I don't know
what money they're talking about I don't
know if they could in any practical way
withhold money I don't know if the the
executive order makes sense on any
logical level but we're not talking
about logic this is not a debate it's
talking about persuasion on the
persuasion level
you know let's get rid of this critic
block on a persuasion level
the president has caused the Democrats
to have to argue against free speech
it's the funniest persuasion play you've
seen in a long time and and it was just
sort of there to be taken until the
president came up with that idea or I
don't know who came up with the idea but
until the president announced it I'd
never thought of it had any of you had
any of you thought well wouldn't it be
funny if he signs an executive order
supporting free speech and then make
make the other team argue against free
speech it was there for the taking it
was invisible to me somebody either
Trump himself or on his staff said you
know if you just say you're supporting
free speech they don't have much of an
argument on the other side so this this
approach a plus I'd say plus for the
president
socialism we're seeing socialism being
persuaded in both both directions we're
seeing the people like socialism
persuading in favor of it it probably
has the highest profile as an idea that
it's ever had we're seeing the Trump
errs persuade against it we're seeing
the conservatives persuade against it
and and on one hand you've got you've
got Venezuela being the cautionary tale
but at the same time the socialism is
growing in popularity
I heard that only 18 percent of the
public thinks socialism is a good idea
but I don't know if that means they
don't like universal health care because
socialism is a bigger concept than just
what you do with health care so I'm
going to say this is sort of a tie right
now so both sides are persuading against
each other
it looks like it's already even right
now
it looks like each side is persuading
its its own base the Cohen the Cohen
situation now it seems to me and I may
be in my bubble a little bit but it
seems to me that the Cowan situation
deflated the collusion bubble or should
have or should have I'm not sure that it
did as much as we we thought it it
because the the collusion people are
pivoting and they're they're seamlessly
pivoting from collusion whoever said
collusion we were talking about
obstructing obstruction of justice all
the time
obstruction of justice who was ever
talking about that what we really meant
as the presidents of financial dealings
need to be investigated and it feels to
be that against all odds the collusion
pivot is being successful on their own
team in other words they're they're
speaking only to other Democrats but
they're they seem to have changed the
topic without changing the the alarm or
the one of the complaints so the the
feeling stayed the same about the
president and all they did has change
the topic and they're they're sort of
trying to trying to find a topic that
gets a little a little more attraction
now so I think the collusion pivot
weirdly is working it's not a home run
but the Dems were actually kind of
pulling it off in terms of persuading
themselves they're not persuading
anybody else but they're persuading
themselves that they were not crazy
traders for the last two years now in my
opinion if this were a debate and there
was a judge and there were people
looking at the facts then I would have
to say oh my god this collusion thing
was the biggest disaster ever because
they didn't make their case and they
spent two years of the of the you know
the country's time and money to come up
with nothing
and now it's obvious that it was never
real in the first place but their side
is so deeply hypnotized for whatever is
bad for Trump is good for the world that
they don't really even care what the
reason is so I would say the Democrats
are somewhat reason independent it
literally would not matter what facts
emerged what is proven what is not
proven at this point none of that
matters all that matters is that they
have a feeling and they're gonna
maintain that feeling even as the facts
change so the Cohen thing I thought
would be persuasive but it wasn't so I'm
just gonna say it was sort of that it
was sort of that and not applicable
let's talk about the fine people hoax
I have reframed my own persuasion so I
have been saying and this was a huge
mistake on my part and I hope you can
see how big of a mistake this was when I
explained it but I've been talking about
the what I was calling the
Charlottesville hoax and what I was
referring to is the fine people quote
which the the media illegitimately
reports as the president was referring
to the racists as fine people when in
fact he was talking about the the debate
about the statues and that there are
good people on both sides of the statue
question so the persuasion game was that
the anti-trump errs have turned a fake
fake news bit a hoax into a generally
accepted truth meaning that the the
public at large actually believes that
the President of the United States
called the marching anti-semites the
racists than the Nazis find people in
public they actually believe that
literally happened in the real world
it's mind-blowing that anybody believes
that but here's what I've done when you
say it's the Charlottesville hoax your
your opponents will say
are you saying that nobody died in
Charlie's Hill are you telling me that
there were no Nazis in Charlottesville
and of course that takes them down the
wrong road so calling it the
Charlottesville hoax is in my case a
complete failure of persuasion and I
should have seen that so you know I'm
confessing here that was a complete
failure I should have said it's the fine
people hoax because when you say it's
the fine people hoax you're you're
narrowing Charlottesville to this one
question which is the only question that
mattered right so going forward I'm
going to call it the fighting people
hoax you can see that immediately you
recognize it as soon as I say aright
until I explained that that wasn't
obvious was it because it wasn't obvious
to me until you know I got pretty far
along the the wrong path so I'm gonna
call to find people homes from now on
but I'm going to give the purveyors of
this my highest grade A plus plus plus I
have perhaps never seen persuasion this
good again has nothing to do with what
is the fact and what is not a fact it
has nothing to do with what is moral and
what is not moral just talking about
persuasion you're all free to make your
own moral and ethical judgments about
all this stuff and I trust you to do it
right us look reading your comments and
trying to think at the same time and I
think that I will ignore them for now
but I'll get back to some of those ideas
so the fine people hoax has become so
sticky that CNN and the other news
outlets report it as fact it's reported
as a fact
yeah that's amazing to me it's just
amazing
you said so objectively easily proven to
not be true all you have to do is look
what he said look at the context and
it's obvious but the persuasion is so
strong that people can't see the obvious
let's talk about the wall when the
president was saying build the wall
build the wall during the campaign was
that a successful persuasion the answer
is yes during the campaign it was very
very successful but now we're in the the
governing phase in the governing phase
the anti-trump errs have managed
successfully to turn a wall into a
racist image so the president I would
say gets a let's see Trump I'll give him
a grade of f4 for continuing to use the
wall persuasion after election when when
the other side was successfully
converting it into a sign of racism
whereas the opponent's Leslie the Dems
have demonized the wall to the point
where even mentioning it feels like
something I wouldn't want to do in
public but like actually literally I
would not mention wall even the word I'm
afraid to say it in public that's how
well they've persuaded against it so I'd
say I give the the Dems B+ for those of
you who were my critics who often say
why is it that you say everything Trump
does is genius and everything the other
people do is wrong well here's an
example I would say that the Trump's
persuasion on the border stuff I would
say is an F I would say that he's
completely blown that persuasion as
president now as a candidate a plus it
was a totally winning
a winning theme now remember if you're
joining me late we're not talking about
any facts we're not talking about ethics
we're not talking about morality
we're just saying how effective worry
you know was each side in terms of their
persuasion let's talk about the crime as
one of the elements of border persuasion
now when the president says there's too
much crime coming from the south that's
his persuasion that we need a border
security or a wall because there's so
much crime coming his grade on that is
an F it may have been it may have been
and I'm not even sure it was then but
during the during the election cycle it
probably made sense to ramp up the fear
and you know get the base all
consolidated and stuff but as a sitting
president talking consistently about the
crime coming from the south is too easy
for the other side to paint as racist
and they did so the other side using the
the crime angle which is hey you guys
keep saying there's all this crime
coming but the immigrants have lower
than average crime which by the way is
probably not true because if you only
looked at the people who are who are
coming across the border illegally and
you're not counting all the people who
came in let's say on airplanes from
other countries if you don't count that
group that is low crime and you only
count the people coming across the
southern border and you take into
account that most of their crimes
against their own group in other words
there's there's rape a lot of rape
within a lot of violence within the
group that doesn't get reported frankly
so it's probably not true what the
Democrats say in terms of hey these
people cut across the
or a low-crime group actually probably
not true probably not true but as in
terms of persuasion totally nailed it
I'll give the Dems I'll give them an a
on that and again we're not talking
about what's true or what's factual
we're not talking about what's ethical
what's not only talking about who
persuaded because we would already have
border security if the president had
been successful with his persuasion but
by talking about crime and focusing on
that instead of instead of let's say
humanitarian issues if the president had
focused and from the beginning on
humanitarian issues on may be more on
you know resources there probably a
number of different ways he could have
gone but the the crime persuasion has so
far just been a failure because the
other side just turns it into you must
be a racist so I give the Dems in a on
the green new deal the green new deal I
give the Democrats in a for having a
bold bold to the path yeah I'd say bold
to the point of being impossible vision
making you at the national conversation
so this is sort of a osseous thing I
guess you could say and I'll give this
ma now again it doesn't mean it's
possible it doesn't mean it's a good
idea it doesn't mean that neither facts
are right but we're all talking about it
so the conversation has completely
changed from what we were talking about
to to this so I'd give it an a the North
Korea situation the thing that everybody
seems to miss with North Korea is if you
look at the North Korea situation you
know a year or a year and a half ago or
whatever it was we had a big problem
that
that we have a mortal enemy that was
aiming nukes at us right so we had a
really bad relationship with North Korea
and that was so bad that they were
building nuclear weapons and aiming
aiming them at us and threatening them
with us
that's this as bad as things can cat
right that's that's the ultimate bad
situation the president well most
presidents and most so-called experts
would have said okay the problem is
these nuclear weapons if we can just do
something about these nuclear weapons
you know then we're in good shape what
the president did President Trump that
seems obvious now but for some how was
invisible to most of the world is that
the problem was not the nukes are you
ahead of me already the problem was not
the nuclear weapons the problem was the
relationship the problem is that the
United States and North Korea's
government were such enemies that both
were building tools to take care of that
problem the nukes were part of the tools
the president saw passed the the nukes
to the root problem the root problem was
the relationship so the president just
went right at the root problem oh this
is a relationship problem if you solve
this the other thing becomes irrelevant
immediately and at least a small enough
problem that you can chew through it
over time but you don't need to hurry
because you've solved the problem the
problem was the relationship so he fixed
it so I would say the president gets an
a-plus unambiguous unambiguous a plus
for the president even though they still
have nukes etc because the problem
that's kind of solved now we're just
working out the details and if it takes
a hundred years who cares
doesn't matter to me does it matter to
you
all right so here's my scorecard is
there anything else you'd like to get a
score on is there any other stuff you'd
like to see somebody says explain how a
stupid idea like the green New Deal is a
persuasive idea well you may have joined
us late because that was the first part
of the periscope if you were talking
about facts and logic and if you were in
a debate in which you were debating the
green New Deal versus not the green New
Deal and you had a judge for your debate
the green New Deal would lose every time
so if you're in a debate mindset the
green New Deal terrible idea just
ridiculously bad idea well if you're in
a persuasion mindset where you're trying
to move people sort of directionally
toward greener stuff and you know
directionally towards universal basic
income and whatever else is in there
then it creates a conversation that
we're all focused on so the fact that
you asked me why the green new deal is a
good deal proves my point we're talking
about it so that's the persuasion that
part is unambiguously true that we're
talking about it we're not talking about
somebody else's idea we're not warmbier
the warm beer thing I'm gonna offend all
of you by saying it doesn't matter the
warm beer thing I could give a grade but
honestly it doesn't matter we we tend to
make a big deal about individual deaths
because we're anecdotal creatures
because we have empathy because when you
hear the details of somebody being
tortured and brutally murdered you
really do care and if it's you know an
enemy of your country and that happens
to you know one of your country people
it's just emotionally it's terribly
terribly important to you but
geopolitically
I'm afraid with all due respect to otto
warmbier and his family with all due
respect they don't matter they don't
matter to peace with North Korea and
shouldn't that we shouldn't treat it
that way so I gotta treat that as a
issue to ignore to shogi I think that's
a shogi situation is not so much a
persuasion case the the the what can
happen on that is fairly constrained you
know let's block patrol I've had a lot
of fewer trolls lately thoughts on the
Michael Jackson allegations resurgence
so there's a HBO special on Michael
Jackson which I've read about but I've
not watched I'm actually planning to
watch it I have an appointment to watch
it my understanding is that the special
makes such a strong case that Michael
Jackson was a lifelong pedophile that it
would be hard to debate after you watch
it one I'll give you one alleged fact
from the special now I've only read
about it I haven't watched it but the
alleged fact is that the the staff at at
what's the name of his ranch their
Neverland
apparently the staff will claim that
Michael Jackson never spent the night
with a woman including any of his wives
you never spent one night with a woman
in his bedroom but apparently there's
plenty of evidence that he often spent
the night with young boys including and
hisses the weird part in the homes of
their parents Michael Jackson would go
to the home of the kids and sleep in the
kids beds overnight routinely while the
while the parents were downstairs
watching TV or whatever they were doing
so I am going to watch that um and you
should too
how persuasive is jussie Smollett well I
think the Jessie situation is persuasive
in the sense that people who may have
doubted that fake news exists I've
changed so I think the jussie Smollett
situation sort of reinforced for all of
us how how amazingly manufactured the
news could be very very manufacturer
have you seen abducted in plain sight
documentary have nots the so the
Covington thing working with the
smollett situation has has created I
would hope a great deal of doubt in
people's minds about the quality of the
news because now you've seen you know
Covington you've seen Smollett you saw
Cohen you know blown apart a lot of fake
news talking about Joe Rogan and Alex
Jones so I haven't seen the whole show I
only saw a clip I saw a clip of Joe
Rogan talking to Alex Jones and which
Alex Jones was talking about the aliens
who have come to have come to earth and
they're mating with the people and
creating half aliens half people
something like that and it's five hours
long people are saying it's amazing I
guess I have to watch the whole thing
I'm gonna I'm gonna reserve my comment
until I watch the whole thing
the ghost of John McCain
that topic is the whole let me tell you
I'm so tired of arguing about who has or
who has not offended John McCain I could
not care less about John McCain I don't
have a good feeling about him I I think
he was he he was a patriot and an
 well that's my point of view I
think you can be both I think you can be
a hero and a patriot and a complete
at the same time there's there's nothing
that would prevent all those things from
happening so when I see stuff about John
McCain I just don't care that's it
[Music]
Michael Jackson is dead so why care
about it I care about Michael Jackson in
the fake news context in the sense of
understanding how the world works and
how easily you could be let's see misled
or fooled or persuaded about something
so hideous and so a long long lasting I
mean it it really tells you something
about how people think 2020 winner if it
were held today if we had the election
today I usually try to avoid such
hypotheticals if we had the election
today maybe Bernie Bernie might win here
we're assuming that he's also the
nominee by by 2020 we'll see the Michael
Jackson documentary I believe is on HBO
is Trump losing the persuasion game well
remember Trump is persuading against the
entirety of the of the the news industry
so it's sort of like you know one person
and I guess his followers you'd say as
as people who boost his signal but he's
he's got the single highest level of
challenge anybody's ever had to persuade
against which is the entire you know
news democratic organization so I would
say that the president is still doing a
great job overall I think he's totally
failed on the border stuff persuasion
wise but you know that could still work
out well we'll see
do you predict Rumpel win in 2020 I have
not made a prediction on that
strangely enough but I will right now or
should I
I was kind of waiting until they have a
candidate because you know at the moment
none under that none of the Democrats
that we're talking about look
competitive with Trump as far as I can
tell but so much is going to change
between now and 2020 and the vote it
would be sort of hard to hard to make
that prediction but if nothing changes
you know if the if the slate of
candidates is the ones we see why you
should expect is that they'll all look
stronger than they are
so we're in a phase where all the
Democrats individually look stronger
than they will when there's one left
because whoever is the you know the one
who starts to emerge as the Democrat
they have to be is going to start taking
in coming from their own side in a
fairly brutal fashion so that remember
the Democrats are going to beat
themselves up and and Trump is going to
be beating them beating them up at the
same time so I think you're gonna see
the the Democrats point of view
completely demolished you know by by
Election Day not completely demolished
that's an exaggeration but you can see
so much attack on it that however
competitive you think Democrats are now
it will be less by Election Day so you
should take whatever advantage they have
and shrink it by 25% to to predict that
in the future now here are some there
are some interesting let's say Black
Swan surprises that we can have so let
me give you some conditional conditional
predictions
if Trump decides to run against the
green New Deal and against climate
change by pushing generation for nuclear
and makes his case let's say he makes
the case that that they're safe and it's
the only solution to everything from
security to the economy to pollution to
climate change if climate change is the
problem that the scientists are telling
us if Trump says let's let's do the most
unifying thing we could possibly do
which is to use our massive
technological power to find a solution
that everybody agrees with and he could
sell generation for nuclear because
these are the safe designs that don't
don't have a risk of meltdown they
actually eat nuclear waste for fuel you
know that and and apparently you could
make them so small that you could
literally build them in a factory put
them on a truck and deliver them that
where they need to be so if the
president were to take that position
there isn't a chance that the Democrats
could win so let me say that again if
nothing else changed would say all the
other issues remain roughly the same and
Trump just did one thing he just said
look we got this big climate change
problem we've got you know all these you
know we've got pollution let's do the
one thing that everybody should be able
to agree on generation four nuclear it's
now safe people don't understand that
but I'm gonna tell you it's safe look
into it yourself run some stories hey
press press do you think fact-checking
on this you can see the generation four
is the way to go yeah you can ask Bill
Gates Bill Gates will tell you it's the
way to go etc under those conditions the
president would have no chance of losing
in my opinion now I think the president
needs to make a stronger case on health
care and needs to show more progress on
that but I think you're going to see you
know number it's
eighteen months or whatever it is so you
get to see him you know put some things
out there on health care and maybe even
have some successes by then they may
have actually lowered the cost of
pharmaceuticals it's possible by then
they may have designed some kind of a
you know low end health care insurance
that's just for the critical part of
health care they may have done some
trials they might have some special
medical you know start up zones you know
there could be a lot that happens but
we'll see at the moment the president is
weak on health care and those were his
biggest problems weed I did see that
Kamala came out in favor of legalizing
sex work legalizing cannabis and what
was the other thing
legalizing something else and I have to
say that's not bad not bad
I don't hate those things
I had another topic that I was going to
talk about what is the other thing
that's happening right now damn it I've
lost it health care isn't a right that
is correct
health care is not a right but probably
should be remember rights are whatever
we decide they are so if we all if we
all change the law and say health care
is now guaranteed well then it's a right
rights are not something you're born
with it there's something there are
things which the the law can constrain
and the law can grant
unfortunately
so stormy Daniel somebody mentioned
stormy in that and the comments and I
was thinking about how you know stormy
Daniels
lost her whatever lawsuit she had and
she was ordered to pay two hundred and
some thousand dollars back to trump so
storm is actually ordered by the court
to reimburse Trump for probably I guess
the legal costs or something and I
thought to myself is Trump the first
person in the history of the world to
get a refund from a porn star has
anybody ever done that before can you
think of anybody else who ever got a
refund from a porn star now that's some
good negotiating right there
now of course I'm exaggerating again
it's just a joke but it's a funny one
it's a funny one some rights are
god-given such as self-defense no that
is not true that's just what you want to
be true the the word rights the way our
government is organized are a government
invention all right
reparations
so did Kamala say yes on reparations
we'll we'll see about that
I don't have much to say about
reparations at the moment let me tell
you one interesting factoid let's do
first let's do a quick poll and while
while I see your answers go by I'm gonna
talk about my point so first of all all
of you answer this question how many of
you are aware that generation for
nuclear is safe and already designed in
other words there's not a lot of
engineering left to do we've we've got
the basic idea how many of you were
aware of that so just say yes or no in
the in the comments and woman will see
the reason I bring it up is that I had a
conversation yesterday with a prominent
Democrat now when I say prominent
Democrat
I mean it's somebody you know right so
somebody who's very well-known in the
Democrat world I just happened to have a
conversation with this person and I
asked the following question I said as
far as you know are Democrats aware are
Democrats aware of generation four
nuclear and that the safety problems
have already been solved that it
actually eats nuclear waste for fuel and
that we can build them small and
economically you know are you even aware
of it and the Democrat I was talking to
said not aware not aware now I would say
that most of the people on the right
even if they're pro-nuclear are probably
not as informed as they need to be so
I'd say the right is largely pro-nuclear
but even pro-nuclear for the old designs
which i think is less warranted right
the old designs do have some Fukushima
problems you know that they can melt
down you don't want that stuff near your
home etc
but how interesting is it that the green
New Deal and climate change are
considered emergencies at the same time
that the folks on the left the Democrats
are not aware that the technology to
address it aggressively already exists
it already exists so if you think about
that think about the fact that their
signature issue on the left is climate
change and they don't know that the
solution already exists is mind boggling
now let's say let's put that into the
conversation and see if maybe the
country can find something to come
together on because yeah some people are
saying nuclear is is a bad word we
should switch is called a molten salt
reactor the only reason I resist that
because I know what you're talking about
maybe maybe it needs to be called
something different from nuclear power
but the trouble is that is nuclear power
and I resist I resist persuasion and
framing that's so blatantly manipulative
and to the point of dishonest really it
is nuclear we just have to deal with the
fact that they figured out how to
de-risk it let's talk about here's the
topic I was trying to remember before so
Democrats are threatening that if the
president's our emergency declaration
for border funding it makes it through
the system all the way through the
Supreme Court I guess yeah and let's say
let's say he vetoes the overturning of
it that they might use the same power to
ban guns to declare an emergency for
climate or maybe for health care and
when you first hear that you say whew
that's pretty bad because then you'd be
giving the emergency powers to people
who might not agree with the things you
agree with but I'm not so sure that's as
bad as you think it is because just
think this
let's say the you get a Democratic
president someday and they declare a
climate emergency let's say they do what
would that necessarily cause to happen
almost certainly it would cause
generation for nuclear to rise to the
top because when it's an emergency
you're willing to take bigger risks
you're you're willing to sort of do more
than you might have done with business
as usual so I suspect that if the Dems
created an emergency that the
Republicans would make sure that nobody
heard anything except generation for
nuclear every time they turned on the
television and you would end up with
what we should be doing now think about
that if the Democrats got in power
declared an emergency for climate change
the end result almost certainly would be
what we should be doing right now anyway
which is generation four nuclear because
there is no other idea you could have
lots of ideas but they wouldn't work so
there's only one path let's say let's
say they decided to do an emergency
about guns that wouldn't happen are you
really worried that the Democrats would
declare a gun emergency and try to
confiscate your guns
well they might declare an emergency on
some you know small rural change but
there isn't the slightest chance that
Democrats are going to declare a gun
emergency and try to round them up I
mean they might try but it would
literally be civil war so I don't think
you have to worry about an executive
order that literally would obviously
create a civil war I mean there's no
there's no question that would do
anything else so I'm not too worried
about it
now healthcare suppose they said it's an
emergency to create health care well
here again who has a suggestion on how
to make it work if tax
people physically doesn't work meaning
the math doesn't work it can be an
emergency but if you don't have a
solution
what's the difference what the the main
thing that you need for an emergency is
that you have to understand that there's
some solution right the border emergency
has also a very clear unambiguous path
forward which is oh it's an emergency
we'll put more border security there
right emergency solution if you know the
emergency you know the solution
declaring an emergency to pair the
solution with the emergency make sense
but let's say you said you say
healthcare is an emergency what's the
solution
they taxing taxing the country into ruin
there is no solution so you could
declare something an emergency that
doesn't have a solution and it doesn't
help you right at the very least you
have to know the solution or else you
could call it anything you want it's an
emergency it's not an emergency it
doesn't change what you do because you
don't have a solution so and then the
gun thing is you can't really compare
gun rights to any other right it's
always a mistake as soon as you say well
if you're doing that with this topic
what about guns guns are so special good
and bad that there's just no analogy
that tells you anything about guns yeah
their guns are in the Constitution
they're you know they're they're just
part of people's you know their identity
and you know to a great degree all right
somebody says doesn't change the fact
that Trump is a narcissist well we have
a time traveler with everybody say say
hi to the time traveler who just joined
us there's somebody who traveled
from 2016 to be with us here in 2019 who
believes that the big issue is that
Trump is a narcissist
haven't we sort of moved on from that
you know but we welcome you from the
past have you heard a collusion are
there any time travelers who want to
travel back to 2018 and talk about
collusion like it's real somebody says I
said hi last year good one all right did
you see the the the billboard that
pranksters put up near CNN's Hollywood
office let's say I have to show it to if
you haven't seen it I think most of you
probably have seen it buy new but some
pranksters put up a very funny billboard
and I will show you a picture of in case
you haven't seen it what is more boring
than watching one of these when somebody
is looking for something nothing all
right where is it all right us now you
won't be able to see it well but I'll
describe it it's a so CNN and in big
words it says keep Korea divided it's
got a picture of Jeff Zucker the head of
CNN and then there's an aspects on
keep-keep Korea divided and it goes to
this little comment in the corner it
says because green because orange man
bad so the the message here is a CNN
would prefer North Korea be in a
continuous state of war because it's
good for business and by the way orange
man bad so it's kinda kind of one of you
know this is probably one of the more
fun pranks I've seen all right was down
in seven hours
I wasn't that's too bad
is there a non-financial reason for fake
news yeah I mean there's a political
reason all right do we have anything
else to talk about I think we might be
done for today and I will talk to you
all tomorrow