[Music]
hey everybody come on in this is the
place you know in the morning when do we
do these periscopes it's all about
enjoying the beverage but in the evening
it's about enjoying the knowledge that's
right the insight to the the awareness
that you'll be gaining right now it's
gonna be incredible
now I hope you all saw my video that I
made last night teaching you the user
interface to reality if you look at the
comments you can see that it was
well-received just about a hundred
thousand views since yesterday and it's
on fire and the podcasts are referred to
and that that same periscope is
screaming up the charts on iTunes well
deserved so I thought I would extend the
concept since I went over well and I'm
going to teach you today a little
technique for reprogramming the
simulation oh wait did I say
reprogramming the simulation because
when I tweeted it I said reprogram your
brain is that different I'm not sure if
you reprogram your brain have you
reprogrammed the simulation well let me
ask you this have you noticed that we
live in a country in which there are two
completely different worlds living
simultaneously and one the president is
a big orange monster destroying
everything in another he's sort of a
god-king
or at least very entertaining these are
not the same world and yet we seem to be
able to still reproduce still still
exist so you tell me
there was different mindsets we're
experiencing entirely different
realities is that their reality and have
they reprogrammed their own simulation
well I'm going to take you on a little
bit of a mind trip today I'm first going
to reinforce the concept of the
simulation for anybody who needs a
little a little bit of more of a nudge
to accept it as a useful tool then I'm
going to teach you how to use stories to
reprogram your brain or is it the
simulation itself maybe we can't tell so
it goes like this the simulation is not
meant to be a reality which replaces
whatever your prior version of reality
was it doesn't replace anything and it
doesn't even need to be true because the
base assumption is that our little human
brains don't have nearly enough
processing power to know what's true
anyway that's why we can walk around in
these different movies we each think we
have a truth but it's sort of generated
by our brain to keep us sane that's why
the Republicans and the Democrats have
different little bubbles and they just
walk around them there is no larger
truth this seems to affect them they
stay alive if they they go go through
their lives and it seems to work that
they're in different little bubbles so
the first thing you must accept is that
you can live a life in which you can
create a bubble that's better than the
bubble you're in will that be the true
bubble will that be the bubble that's
the right one and everybody else has the
wrong bubble of reality probably not
probably not because one of the odds
that you would be the one who figured
out reality and nobody else could it
seems far more likely that we live in
our own constructed somewhat subjective
world
I happen to live in one that's pretty
darn good
I seem to find a way to enjoy myself
just about all the time
some people are living in a bubble and
they could be in what looks like my same
world except they're struggling and
everything looks like it's going the
wrong direction is there a larger truth
to it all don't know don't know if we
can ever know but I do know that you can
reprogram your at least your subjective
reality and I'm gonna teach you how so
don't think about the simulation as true
or false think about it as fun it's a
fun exercise it's an alternative way to
think of the world and every time you
can think of the world in an alternative
way there still works it should take you
to a higher level of awareness that you
shouldn't be so sure about your view of
the world if there are so many
interpretations they can all work so
just for fun I'm going to say simulation
evidence to get you a little bit closer
to enjoying the let's say the utility of
thinking of this as a filter on reality
doesn't have to be true just have s to
have utility something will make you
happier maybe it predicts better see for
yourself so don't get too hung up on
evidence this is not like scientific
evidence or core evidence it's just
stuff that's compatible with the idea
first of all the basic idea is that
there will always be more simulations
than there will be real universes and
that has to be true if you look at the
entire arc of time that might not be
true at the moment but if you were to
look at the entire arc of time of course
there will be more artificial worlds
than originals because originals take
time but as soon as somebody can make an
artificial world whether that's in ten
years or 50 years they'll make more than
one and so there are probably being far
more artificial worlds over the entire
arc of time
you don't know where you are in that art
what are the odds that your you're at
the point where they're you're the first
original species and you're not one of
the billions or more of of simulated
realities that come after so the math is
compatible with you being more likely to
be a simulation is it true that history
has always been here which would suggest
there's some kind of deep reality and we
have a have a notion of what that's
about or its history created only when
we need it when we need an observation
when you dig a hole in the backyard does
it put the does the dinosaur bone just
appear when you're digging because if
this is a simulation that's the way it
would work because there wouldn't be
enough processing power to create the
universe and all the possibilities so
instead it would do what a regular
computer programmer would do today they
would build a limited world you wouldn't
be able to get out of it
it wouldn't have as much detail as as
the entire universe would need it would
only add detail when you were observing
it so in other words the world would
come into focus only upon observation
and there's some suggestion in physics
maybe that's actually what's happening
so I think it's history created on
demand well consider the the idea of
spooky action at a distance if you've
never heard of this after this is over a
googol spooky action at a distance
you'll find that if you separate two
entangled photons you can put them
anywhere in the universe and if what is
observed it changes the state of the
other instantly now we have no rules of
physics that can explain how that can
happen
how could observing this photon when one
part of the universe instantly which is
faster than the speed of light because
there's not enough time to transmit it
by the speed of light it actually
happens instantly that when you observe
one the other one comes into
some kind of a defiant state now is that
an example of creating history because
how could something happen on the other
side of the universe without any time
passing the only way it can happen is if
maybe history is somehow affected now is
that a good example I don't know
probably not but I'll bet that you could
find him about that you could find in
physics examples where it seems the
history is being created by the present
I think the double slit experiment might
get you closer to that - but
fact-checked me on that all right if it
we were simulated you wouldn't be able
to get to the outside and look in and in
fact we can't the speed of light you
know because as a boundary so we can't
get to the edge of the universe and ever
look in just the way you would make it
if it was a if it were a computer
program it simplifies things you don't
need a big bang you don't have to
explain you know how everything came
from nothing because that's how software
works the software seems to come from
nothing it's just an arrangement of
zeros and ones on some kind of a
structure so a lot of thorny questions
that are hard to understand hard to
explain just sort of become easy well
the software it was written that way how
do you explain this spooky action at a
distance well it was just something we
couldn't reconcile with the software so
we just made it so we just made the code
say if one thing is observed the other
thing happens at the same time sure it's
not very neat it's a little sloppy but
you know that's the way software is
sometimes sometimes you just have to
paper things over isn't it nice that
there's a perfect balance of physical
laws and everything and that we happen
to be the humans who always win well of
course there's some kind of survivor you
know a reason that that could be true
the reason that we're even talking about
it is because we're the winning species
if we were not the winning species we
wouldn't be having this conversation
but isn't it convenient very much like
if you were to design it for let's say
putting you our personality into it
so that you could play it like a game
this is what you would do you would make
sure that it didn't destroy itself while
you're playing so it would have some
kind of amazing balance and your species
would be the dominant one does why
wouldn't it and then of course we would
not be made of anything if we were a
simulated world we would never be able
to find what we're made of now you're
thinking to yourself we know what we're
made of it's like you know electrons and
photons and particles and quarks and
charms you know so you know maybe you
don't know but physicists know it's all
that stuff those elementals stuff but
here's the thing what are those things
made of yeah I get that they're you know
quarks and leptons and stuff like that
but what are they be enough well
eventually you get into just word weird
salad like you know well its energy but
what's energy
what's energy it's the movement of stuff
what's the stuff so you end up getting
into nonsense if you keep drilling down
if you keep saying but what's that made
of you you get to really just a nonsense
situation so we can't actually determine
we're made of anything which is
suspiciously what a simulation would
discover it's like I can't find out
where we're made of if you're worried
that evolution doesn't explain
everything you don't need to be if we're
a simulation we're just software and you
don't need any aliens which would
certainly explain why we haven't made
first contact or seen any signs of life
now you could also explain this by just
hasn't happened yet but if we're a
simulation there's no reason for other
planets to have aliens it just there's
no reason just the way if you were
playing a video game
you wouldn't create planets that you're
never going to visit within the context
of the game would just be a waste of
time so are any of these evidence per se
no not really I wouldn't call it
evidence but it's fun it just tells you
that the the simulation filter holds
it's sort of robust that's the only
thing I want you to get out of this you
don't have to believe it's true you just
have to have a sense of what it is and
then once you have a sense of what it is
you say to yourself well if that's what
it is
let's just say what if what if we're a
simulation what would that imply well
one thing it might imply is that you
might be able to hack it you might be
able to find a way to within the rules
of the simulation get a better result
now I've got a little insight for you
that I learned from being famous
cartooning guy there are a lot of people
who are really really successful and
just because of my weird life I get to
meet a lot of them and if you ask them
privately they will tell you that it
feels as though they can they can hack
the simulation now they won't use those
words but they will tell you quite often
that their life has suggested that they
can simply make things happen there
shouldn't be possible it's very common
and so it seems that there are people
who believe they can hack the simulation
and have I believe that as well and when
I say I believe that I mean it's a
convenient and useful frame or filter
for looking at the world that makes me
happy and it also seems to be predictive
all right now if we're a simulation you
would also expect there would be some
kind of a challenge built in some kind
of a game some kind of a a purpose
because it's hard to imagine that
anybody would build go through the
trouble building a simulation without
putting in some kind of a mission a goal
an objective to it so do we know what
that is maybe it could be that the
purpose is to ever increase our
awareness to just go up to higher levels
of understanding of our situation until
maybe there's some kind of godlike
ending to the
gave but we both imagine if you will
that were a simulation built with some
kind of game rules and as we figure out
the simulation we get to we get to
advance in levels so you can imagine
that there are certain things that would
be introduced into the game for the
purpose of challenging our understanding
of our situation and giving us a shift
in consciousness something like a corona
virus which just comes out of nowhere
and it's going to have the effect of
massively changing human awareness the
the very way we feel about our place in
the world how we relate to each other
and we work together how we communicate
how you know who we trust who we don't
we'll be reassessing every single part
of civilization from the from the ground
up we'll be reassessing everything all
of our priorities all of our assumptions
all on the table I'm even starting to
wonder was it always true that we could
just make money and nothing like we just
did now of course it's a special case
where it's almost impossible to have
inflation so maybe in the in the case
where it's impossible to have inflation
because there's not enough demand maybe
you could just print money did we just
learn that in a special case we can
literally print trillions of dollars and
there's no there's apparently no but if
there's no downside to it now I don't
know does it come back and bite us in
the ass later I'm actually confused
about this because the stock market's
actually like there's nope there's no
penalty to it so I would just say that
there are a whole bunch of things that
we've assumed to be true that we no
longer assumed to be true a lot of it
has to do with it with what experts have
told us and then I think we're going to
have a big awakening about privacy and
you might not like it but I think that
the the ultimate outcome of that is
going
be that people will not people will give
up more privacy that you think they
ought to so I don't want to have that
conversation but just to say that
there's going to be these massive
consciousness shifts now here's the fun
part if you are software if you are a
simulation and if you can reprogram
yourself I would say that this is how it
works
your brain is a pattern recognition
machine it just automatically sees
patterns often incorrectly but it sees
patterns patterns patterns it's not a
logic machine it can do a little bit of
logic but it's mostly a pattern machine
so stories are how you program a pattern
machine because you want to put in
stories to become the new patterns that
are better than whatever the other
patterns were because you're sort of
operating on the software that's in
there it's just working on habit and
pattern introduced a story that will
upgrade some of that let me give you an
example you see this lovely mask this
was sent to me by a viewer who might be
watching this right now
her name is young and Jacob and young
sent me a nice note with this mask that
apparently she made this will all tie
together in a moment and so Young told
me this she said she'd read all of my
books and especially my tips on goals
versus systems so that that's from this
book had a failed almost everything and
still win big and upon learning the
system's being better than goals idea
which Jung says was a game changer for
her business and her parenting and went
on to thank me and etc and then she sent
me and Christina a pink version of this
which are the coolest mess that I have
so I'll actually be using this so thank
you
young Jacob who and I guess your real
estate business is is doing well thanks
to that now that was a story this is a
story that one person just just turned
into code because there's a really good
chance the young is either watching this
live or will watch it on replay and not
knowing that this was coming is saying
something along the lines of I can't
believe this is happening right now
because I read his book I used his ideas
it changed my my business and my
parenting for the better I sent him this
thing and now he's talking to me
on this screen young Jacob learned the
user interface for reality what she just
did doesn't seem like it's easy to do it
doesn't and she did it effortlessly
after learning the the very tips that
I've been telling you are useful for
reprogramming your reality now what she
did is she created a story that's now
part of her permanent I would say
permanent structure of her brain now the
next time she thinks to herself hey
there's a thing that there's a thing
that's a little bit hard I wonder if I
could do it this story will will be part
of that part of that history this says
yeah because that other thing worked out
give it a shot
what's the worst that could happen so
she now has a little bit of an inventory
of a success story I likewise have a
whole inventory of stories that
collectively form what I call my
personality and collectively they become
my reality so I have a completely
artificial let's say subjective reality
formed by the some of my life stories
you too should look to find ways that
you can add stories to your your history
because those stories directly affect
the pattern-matching of your brain and
when you could match the pattern
matching of your brain to a new story it
can it can kind of clamp on easily and
become part of your permanent code so do
some things that you know will work out
find some minor challenges try some
things that won't hurt you maybe be nice
to somebody see how it works out do a
kindness to somebody as as you know this
is what Jung did she just used the
technique that I actually write about in
my books the reciprocity so she did
something for me without being asked it
was actually very nice it's a really
good mask and I actually needed one so
it was like sort of perfect and in
return she got a shout out and the story
so she understood that about the the way
the universe works if I do this for
somebody I get a little bit back so go
find your story find the thing you can
do that can build your inventory of
things that work for you I'll tell you
I'll tell you a few another one of my
stories so one of my stories that I try
to keep going in my head is that I I can
win against all odds and indeed through
my life I've had just ridiculous success
at things I shouldn't win at because I
don't have any experience you've you've
witnessed some of them so here's one of
the stories that just fits into that
inventory years ago I lived at at an
apartment buildings at some tennis
courts that a tennis tournament from the
people lived there and they they
somewhat randomly paired us up and it
was going to be a doubles mixed doubles
tournament meaning men and women playing
on the same teams and I was paired with
a young woman who had never played
tennis so I was in a tennis tournament
and I got paired with somebody who had
never hit a tennis ball not once and
that's my that's my doubles partner now
I of course said to myself I think I'm
gonna win this thing
she'd never played before but here's the
positive part she was a college athlete
basketball player so she was a a well
trained well coached athlete in general
which meant that she had all the
physical coordination you had ever
walked all the hand-eye she had height
you know she was strong enough because
she was an athlete in seven and so I I
said to myself we're gonna win this and
I told her where to stand you know I had
her play the net mostly and I said
you're just gonna learn basically one
thing you're just gonna go up to the net
every time and you just got to get close
enough that you can bag the ball down
with it when it floats over if it gets
to me I'll hit an aggressive shot
because I was better than you know the
other two people on the other side and
there'll be a weak return and then you
go and slap it down now of course you
can imagine that we lost badly the first
several points because they just slammed
it at the what they imagined was the
weaker player and they were right and
the first few times she gets hammered
it's just pretty pretty intimidating
he's like ah and but each time I used my
then growing powers of persuasion and
she was of course getting very very down
on herself and negative and and I told
her no I got this we got this you were
so right that you're almost there just
make this one adjustment you're 90
percent there just tap it down the next
time you see it and you know three more
points we'd lose we're down to game and
she'd be oh you know maybe we should
just quit you know I'm not even hitting
the ball back and I'd say no we're
almost there watch this we're gonna get
the next couple of points before you
knew it she'd win a point you know maybe
by lucky would just hit the side of the
racquet and fall on the other side but
we got a point
and she was her confidence started to
come in and she started to get into her
natural athletic vibe and it actually
you know we took it all the way to the
finals
the first day she'd ever played tennis
and we were we were chewing our way
through the through the rankings now I
added up losing the finals but we got to
the finals and you know it was against
all all odds I mean it couldn't have
been more ridiculous we shouldn't have
had any right to even be in the
tournament much less make it to the
finals so even though we didn't get the
final thing it wasn't important it was
just you know just a fun tournament
but it's part of my inventory of stories
that I remind myself that I can win
against incredible odds and that's the
story that seems to form for me over and
over again now somebody says Scott was
io4 oh yes I was approximately a four Oh
at that point and she was approximately
a zero that somebody says a lot of us
have inventories of failure so here's
what you do
the stories that you think about the
most will be the ones that influenced
you the most focus is the most important
thing you can do focus and repeat focus
and repeat so playback your success
stories as much as possible and also
playback future success stories I like
to literally imagine future successes
and replay them in my head a million
times and sometimes the success plays
out just the way you imagined it it's
really freaky so that's fun too because
their stories don't even have to be all
ones that have actually happened I'll
give you the perfect example here's my
most powerful story I have one story
that rules my other stories right every
other story that forms my personality in
my subjective reality is the weaker
version of this one and I call it the
prisoner Island story and this is who
this is who I think I am not because I
was necessarily born this way but
because I've programmed myself to be
this person
and it's a source of great strength and
confidence and the story goes like this
and again it's a future story it doesn't
have to be a real one it's like a
fantasy story
well actually I hope it's not my future
but it's a fantasy story it goes like
this there's an island of prisoners
where all the bad people go and of
course they're tough and they're you
know they're murderers and you know just
the worst bunch of people and for some
reason I I get a blame for something and
I'm convicted and they drop me off on
the convict Island on de water the
convict Island because I'm not as large
as a lot of the other prisoners I get
beaten up mercilessly on day two just as
bad I get beaten up almost killed on day
three they're using me for a toy a day
for there's practically nothing left of
me you come back in a year I've been
charged in the island and I've killed
every one of them that's my story
because it doesn't matter how much
badness happens the first week because I
didn't go to the island for a week I
went there to rule the island first week
didn't go well second week I'm gonna
find a way by the third week people are
gonna start dropping by the fourth week
in the fifth week people are gonna start
saying maybe we should be on your side
if you come back in a year I'm running
the island that's my story now of course
I'll never be dropped off on a prisoner
island but I take that story with me as
my core identity because every situation
you put me in
I just got dropped off at the island
like yeah I know today might be bad
guess what best year's gonna be for you
so that's my story
find a story like that that works for
you doesn't have to be real it could be
one of those if it's compatible with
your personality that's best that one
fits me I don't know why but go build up
your story inventory that is how you
program yourself that is your tip for
today I hope is useful and I will see
you in the morning