[Music]
um hey everybody get on in here ace time
traveler I see you I see you're grabbing
your coffee
Sharona sigh Tyler Tyler you're always
in your quick virus Joe Jimmy your vodka
I don't think that's a real Ivanka well
I guess there's more than one about good
come on Ian so did that work I put on
the microphone in the middle of the
broadcast I'm not sure that the
microphone will register so tell me if
that sounds better didn't
what does didn't mean well we got a lot
to talk about this morning not the least
of which is George HW Bush as deceased
and that will be dominating the airwaves
for a little while but I don't have much
to say about that so I'm not going to
talk about it alright
so some of you wanted me to comment on
yesterday I blocked on Twitter hog
Newsom and said goodbye to him as a
productive a productive partner and
making the world a better place it was
based on his tweet from yesterday and
his tweet was calling on President Trump
to do something about all of the all the
white people who are vascular's and he
mentioned that there were I guess 11
shootings by white people this this year
and what is the president gonna do about
all these white people shooting people
so I don't have to tell you that that's
just flat-out racist sounding and so I'm
out yeah there probably were there were
lots of ways to address that topic
without making a full out
you know black against white so here's
the context which you have to appreciate
somebody who is an advocate like hawk is
sometimes talking to the other side in
other words sometimes he's trying to
persuade other people but about 80% of
the time he's trying to persuade his own
team and that would be true of any
advocate there they first have to get
their team on their side so there are
some things he's gonna say that are for
his own team but even understanding that
I can't work with that there's nothing I
can do if he if he publicly paints it as
a race problem and that the problem is
white people does white people are
shooting too many people and as soon as
you put that frame on it there's just
nothing you can do with it so I said
goodbye I'm out I'm disappointed but I'm
also cutting my losses because the
oh the somebody says is the 48-hour rule
in effect well I would always consider
yeah I would consider anything heard
uh-huh but I blocked him so I won't be
hearing any anything but here's the
thing that the 48-hour rule was designed
to give people 48 hours to either
apologize or to clarify just in case
what they said wasn't what they meant
but in this case there's nothing to
clarify I think he said exactly what he
meant to say there wasn't really any
room for ambiguity there and there's
nothing really to apologize for because
that's his opinion so I don't really ask
for apologies from people who have an
opinion if it's their honest opinion if
that's his opinion there's nothing to
clarify there's nothing to apologize for
it's just that I can't I can't to work
with it you know it's I don't want to be
associated with it in any way
sorry all right so enough about that I
want to talk about some the the dog that
doesn't bark you know I use this analogy
all the time it's I guess it's Sherlock
Holmes that if you expect the dog to be
barking and the dog is not barking you
have to look for the negative as well as
the positive so you have to look for
things that are not happening they
should have been happening here's one
for you did you hear about the million
the million Chinese citizens who died of
fentanyl overdoses last year did you
hear about that did you hear the story
about a million Chinese citizens dying
from fentanyl oh you didn't
neither did I I didn't hear that story
you know if you just adjust for
population size you know when you take
our number and say okay well they have
more people you know maybe the if it
were the same proportion there should be
a few hundred thousand people
the year dying of fentanyl overdoses in
China why not now just to be clear there
is no story that of any number about
anybody dying of fentanyl overdoses in
China I made that up and the point was
shouldn't you be hearing that if most I
guess the vast majority of the fentanyl
that comes into the United States is
produced by and shipped from originally
from China some of it goes to Mexico to
get here but if they're the biggest
producer of fentanyl and you've heard
nothing about fentanyl overdose deaths
in China dot dot connect
how can you conclude anything except the
the government would kill them I mean
the drug dealers the government of China
would execute the I guess is the Shang
you know Zhang Jiang I don't know how to
pronounce it family so they know who
they are there's there's a picture of
the guy who's like the main guy in
charge of fentanyl in China does the
Chinese government know how to find the
top fentanyl producer in China of course
they know who he is why do you think
he's allowed to live well I would
certainly start asking questions this
way why doesn't China have a massive
fentanyl overdose problem when they have
so much fentanyl the only reason I can
think of is that the government says if
you ship it to the United States we'll
ignore it if you start releasing this
stuff in China you're going to be dead
by morning can you think of any other
explanation for why we're not hearing
about massive fentanyl deaths in China
now you wouldn't you you also wouldn't
hear about massive fentanyl deaths in
China because as soon as there
a few the the dealers would be killed
because again they know who's doing it
they know where they live they know
their names
they have their faces they know their
their social security number or whatever
the equivalent is over there they know
everything about them if there were
releasing this stuff in China they would
already be dead so my personal opinion
and I'm always open to fact-checking and
somebody who has a broader or better
opinion about what's going on
internationally is there isn't any
chance that I can see based on the
evidence that's you know publicly
available I don't see any chance the
president she isn't directly and
specifically allowing them if not
ordered them to ship this stuff to the
United States so I say once a week on
Twitter that I'm not in favor of any
trade deal with China as long as that's
the case and as long as these drug
dealers are still alive so and and
people keep telling me yeah I've heard
smart people say Scott you keep
advocating that if China doesn't kill
these drug dealers you know why don't we
go in and covertly kill them ourselves
and and smart people say oh my god you
can't do that because that would start a
war here's the problem sometimes you got
to push back even if it's gonna be a war
now I don't think it would be a nuclear
war I you know tensions could rise or
whatever but do you let somebody kill
you know thirty thousand people a year
in your country to perpetuity because
you don't want to start trouble does
that make sense does it makes it and
suppose the thirty thousand goes to a
hundred thousand in a couple years do
you say well yeah they're killing a
hundred thousand people in our country
intentionally while while preventing it
from happening in their country they
could turn it off in a minute and they
don't
but we don't want to cause trouble does
that make sense
in what world do you give people
everything they want so you don't cause
trouble in no world in no world do you
give people what they want because you
don't want to cause trouble it's the
same with the tariff negotiations the
the trade negotiations the people were
saying don't start a trade war trade
Wars always end badly
who taught you anything about
negotiating that's the that's the point
of view that just says uh well I'm in a
negotiation I'd better give you
everything and yes for nothing because
if I don't you'll get mad that's not how
you negotiate you negotiate this way if
I don't get what I want I'm gonna get
mad there's a big difference there's two
ways to negotiate more than two but two
that I'm gonna talk about one way is I
don't want you to get mad I better give
you what you want here's the other way
you better give me what I want or I'm
gonna get mad which way gets you a
better deal all right I think it's clear
so so that's the first thing here here's
here's another dog that isn't barking
the other day I I forwarded around a
articles and a new york post by a a
think-tank head a business business guy
in other words someone who knows
economics and money and that sort of
thing Bjorn Lomborg he's somewhat famous
for talking about the economics of
climate change now why he said and the
reason I forward it is that he said the
same thing I said I said at first it
took him a little while to get his
article published but to be fair I have
been influenced by him so even though I
said at first that the number
that came out in the latest climate
report actually show it's not that big
of a problem using their using their own
note using their own figures as
published not adding anything just
looking at their numbers they said that
in 80 years it might be a 10% hit on the
GDP to which I said why is that being
reported as a big problem
because by then the GDP will have grown
so much that you wouldn't even know if
it was ten percent less than it could
have been you wouldn't even know and on
top of that we're gonna do a lot of
things with to remediate remediate
things we'll learn how to keep people
safe from the heat well you know we're
gonna learn a lot in 80 years so it's
very unlikely that that 10% of worst
case scenario is going to happen it's
probably not likely because we've got 80
years to soften the blow and we're
pretty good at that you know that the
the human race is really really good at
it somebody says what about the heat
deaths well I guess a lot of the cost in
that report was people dying from the
heat and if you have 80 years you're
gonna be able to fix a lot of stuff and
be able to build homes that resist the
heat etc there was just I think it was
just this week there was a I don't know
the details but Richard Branson is part
of it I believe he's sponsoring or maybe
putting up some money to have some kind
of a challenge where they're trying to
get people to invent better air
conditioning so there's a very
high-level effort to bring in inventors
and innovation so that the cost of air
conditioning can drop now probably in
five to ten years the cost of air
conditioning and the availability will
be no no maybe five times as good as it
is now and that's in ten years the the
IPCC report or whatever it is was over
80 years how good will our air
conditioning be in 80 years
I don't know it might be really good so
as Lomborg said and i also say if you
have enough time to adjust this stuff
you're usually pretty well off the
problem is if you have some immediate
thing that sneaks up on you yeah right
if a problem sneaks up on you that's a
big problem the flood you didn't see
coming the tsunami you didn't see coming
an earthquake in Alaska those are
problems but if you've got 80 years to
worry about the temperature creeping up
you could probably figure out a way to
not die in the heat all right but here's
the dog that didn't bark when I did my
very public analysis of the climate
report and I was just talking about the
economics that they presented I'm not
talking about their science I'm not
doubting any other science just the
economics and just using their own
numbers and I said the way it's being
reported is upside down it's really
basically not much of a problem the way
it's being reported who pushed back did
you see yeah those of you been you know
watching me for a while know that when I
say something stupid wrong or
questionable which happens at an
alarmingly regular Laurette an
alarmingly regular basis don't I always
get I always get pushed back right you
see it on Twitter you people will write
articles if I had been wrong in my the
way I framed the climate report it would
already be in major publications people
would be tweeting to me and say oh you
got this backwards ha ha ha you idiot
you know how dumb of you to not consider
this or consider that they would have
clearly pushed back on me but I could
say to myself well you know maybe people
aren't paying attention to me the
holiday seasons here or whatever so
maybe it's just a coincidence that this
is the one time I said something so
completely opposite of what the rest of
the world seemed to be saying but this
one time
nobody complained there would be a very
large coincidence that my friends would
be a dog that is not barking but it gets
better
so I retweeted Bjorn Lomborg article in
which he said a version of what I said
now it's not a coincidence as I said
he's influenced me for years so it's not
a coincidence that we have similar
points of view because we come at it
from a similar business economic
perspective neither of us are scientists
and so I tweet that around and I'm
waiting for the pushback I'm waiting for
somebody who's let's say as an economist
or you know somebody is good with
numbers I mean remember it's the
Internet if the Internet is just
bristling with people who are good at
math most people are not good at math
but the Internet collectively a lot of
people who were good at math goodness
statistics good at thinking good it good
at all that stuff right so he puts out
his opinion that the the economics say
exactly what I said that it doesn't look
like it's any big deal according to
their own numbers where was the pushback
the only criticism I saw on my feed was
well it's time to introduce Dale Dale
can you summarize the pushback that I
got when I when I retweeted Bjorn
Lomborg piece and it looked like this Oh
God
hohoho he's not even the scientist good
smart smart you retweeted a climate
science opinion from someone who's not
not a scientist not a climate scientist
not not a scientist in training not even
a scientist student he's not even a
scientist seem well Dale he doesn't
claim to be a scientist he claims to
know how to do math
and when he did math he said 10% over 80
years it's not that big a deal you don't
really need science to do basic math and
and again that was the only kind of
complaint I got literally nobody that
I've seen yet had any kind of criticism
complaint or pushback about the fact
that the news was reported upside down
and that biggest problem in the world
was actually no big problem according to
their own numbers that means something
right because trust me that would be the
kind of thing that got some pushback all
right now I'm gonna introduce a topic
that I like to introduce every few years
to get myself in trouble I would like to
tell you about the most let's say the
most trouble I've ever gotten myself
into I think probably and it goes like
this
and I think it maybe was I know 15 or 20
years ago and I said in a book and then
probably maybe in a blog post and other
times that's somebody saying oh no I
said I made a prediction I made the
boldest prediction since predicting the
president Trump would win since
predicting that North Korea would start
working toward reunification I've made
some pretty bold predictions yes my
prediction was the evolution you know
the theory of evolution which I remind
you in in the context of science when
they say theory theory the word used in
the context of science means fact when
you use the word a theory in common
language you're talking about something
that may or may not be true but when
scientists say it's a Siri it means that
all the tests all the you know there's a
consensus that it's it's true
and I said that evolution would be
debunked in my lifetime by science now
what happens when you say you predict
fifteen or twenty years ago what
happened to me when I predicted that
evolution would be debunked by science
in my lifetime well I was accused of
being a creationist and a an apologist
for intelligence intelligent design now
I am NOT a believer so I'm certainly not
a creationist so that they don't have
any religious belief but you know people
take teens right so they say oh if
you're not on our team of evolution you
must be on the team that's a creationist
so for a period of like a decade every
time I did anything in public anywhere
on the Internet
trolls would come in to the comment
section and say oh he's a creationist
music creationist and he doesn't believe
in the theory of evolution and therefore
we must disbelieve every other thing
he's ever said now I'm gonna let you in
on a little secret
when I made that prediction I was pretty
sure that it would be unpopular I was
pretty sure that I would get some
blowback now I didn't think that people
would be so dumb that the blowback would
come in the form of accusing me of being
a creationist and a new earth person or
something I didn't think that was gonna
happen so that caught me a little off
guard I think today I would have been
smarter and maybe seen that coming but I
didn't see it coming at the time and so
I got into it a little bit on Twitter
yesterday with somebody who was accusing
somebody else of claiming that
intelligent design was real and I
mentioned that simulation theory is
already in scientific terms
largely in my opinion debunked evolution
now I know you hate it this is 75% of
people on here just what what so for the
few of you who don't want the simulation
theory is the simulation theory is that
if any civilization ever learns to make
a simulation let's say a software
simulated world that they that the
people in it believe they're real and
they act as if they're real then
probably it will happen a lot of times
and our current civilization is right on
the edge of being able to create create
your creatures who live as though
they're real but they're just software
simulations so the idea is that if you
could ever have one of those chances are
you'll have lots of them so the odds of
being the original species is very very
low you know maybe one in a billion and
the odds of us being one of the copies
made by the original or here's the fun
part
copies made by the copies because the
the the simulated world would be fully
functional and they could program their
own simulations within it so it could be
nested simulations so the math of that
is so compelling meaning that it's so
extraordinarily unlikely that we're in
original species the people as smart as
Elon Musk involve raava conned this some
of the smartest people you've ever met
in your life and you know a number of I
don't know how many but at least some
physicists were serious Nick Bostrom I
think so
somebody says that's insane Scott it's
not insane it's just math it's math
that's based on two things that we can
we can see are completely true now the
two things are true are that we'll be
able to create a simulations that think
they're real and act like they're real
that part is I think guaranteed and the
second part is that
if we can do it we'll make more than one
the the minute well let's say the year
that we can make a simulation that
evolves and acts like it like it's real
we're not going to make one it's going
to be a Kip children will be making
making them over Christmas vacation on
their computer this is not New Age
nonsense this is actually straight up
physics and straight up math so this
this has a place within the the
legitimate physics world now yeah so
somebody said who made the original and
that question can remain open but the
odds of us having a intelligent design
meaning that we are created by another
species of human is pretty close to a
hundred percent so here's so the
question that people ask is how could
you prove it if you were in the
simulation how could you know your
simulation and one of the ways you could
you could test is to find out if history
exists and it's just there to be
discovered or if history is written
undemanding would would work that things
wouldn't come into existence until
somebody needed them so you know if
you're walking into a forest nobody has
ever been in and no creature has ever
seen it doesn't exist until you walk
into it the trees form just like they
would in a video game so I believe that
we will be able to test this yeah in in
the small world like the double slit
experiment in physics that somebody
mentioned and I think there are a few
physics situations where it does seem
that reality is only created by
observation the the entire quantum
physics world that I certainly don't
understand but one of the things that
seems true is that you either have to be
have a machine measuring something or a
human or some kind of creature observing
something to you know
collapses wave and make it real that is
a perfect explanation of what the
simulation looks like so anyway enough
on that here's another question I have
this I'm seeing more and more about the
idea of open borders and a some notable
economist said and I think it was
actually an article in The Economist so
is a credible publication with a
credible sounding economist who wrote
that if we open borders and at least
just for work not not in terms of
becoming all one country in the world
but if you open borders so that anybody
who wanted to work could just you know
fill out easy paperwork and just go to
work across the border they would unlock
something like you know I know
dozens of trillions of dollars I don't
know this enormous amount of wealth
would be created and here was here was
the economists argument The Economist
argument is that the people who come
from poor countries when they immigrate
to a wealthier country their their pay
goes from you know pennies an hour to a
multiple that so if everybody could go
from a low-income to somewhere where
they could make more money everybody
would have more money than they would
spend their more money and that would
create even more money and so the idea
is that allowing people to go from where
the jobs are bad to where the jobs are
good is good for the people who hire
them and good for the person who gets a
raise and it's good for everybody and
then the whole world is richer do you
see what's wrong with that
is it not obvious to you on the surface
that that is a ridiculous idea and
here's the reason it's completely true
as long as immigration is at a low rate
the whole thing breaks down as soon as
everybody can do it
the reason that Mexicans can come to the
United States and get a raise is because
not many Mexicans can come to the United
States you know relative to the number
of people in the country if everybody
could go everywhere all of a sudden what
would happen to two ages I don't know
but I think a lot of people who used to
be making it higher high wage are gonna
get a low wage because all the new
people come in will work for Less you it
seems the the problem with capitalism
let me give you you know that this is a
good model to look at capitalism
guarantees that every business will go
on in a business now if you haven't
studied economics that didn't make any
sense
capitalism I'll say it again guarantees
that if you start a company you're gonna
go into business because guaranteed and
the reason is that if you start making a
lot of money somebody else will make a
company just like it and they'll drive
your cost down because you're competing
with them and then a third person will
make an and you will drive the profits
down so low that eventually nobody can
make money and so we all go into
business so capitalism drives companies
out of business by its design the only
thing that keeps capitalism from doing
what capitalism does is that we we put
legal limits on it and and there are
people who put illegal limits on it so
in other words companies form illegal
monopolies governments allow them to
operate with let's say patents so it's
not capitalism that's making companies
thrive it's the limits on capitalism
that makes them thrive right if you
couldn't if you couldn't start a company
and make sure that other
people can't catch up here with you
easily the whole system would break down
so you need inefficient capitalism to
work you know if it's sufficient the
whole thing breaks down so similarly the
reason that you can go from Mexico to
the United States and get a raise is
because we have an inefficient
immigration system the moment you made
it efficient where anybody can go
anywhere just to get a job there's still
the it doesn't change their their
citizenship they can just go anywhere to
get a job as soon as you do that it's
like full capitalism and unless you put
limits on it everybody's wages are going
to go down now full immigration probably
would be great for people who don't have
anything and bad for people who do have
things which is a good short-term
situation long term that just puts
everybody out of business all right I
was looking at the g20 and amused and
how many how many companies countries
there are now that President Trump
should not be nice to because so Trump
is not allowed to be nice to Saudi
Arabia Russia or China because you know
they're all are are Nevison embassies
now what what a weird g20 this is
there's only there are only 20 people
there and three of the more important
ones are he's not allowed to be nice to
him that's weird I guess I didn't have
much to say about this I have come to an
opinion on George Soros I know you've
all been waiting for it you watched me
being skeptical about all the stuff on
mostly social media this is George Soros
as the devil he's behind everything bad
he's funding all these bad organizations
etc but every time somebody would point
me to a link it was always a dead end
and I kept thinking what are other
people seeing that I can't Google you
know there were stories about the things
he did when he was 14 with
doesn't matter to me there are stories
about how he makes his money by betting
against currencies and it's bad for
countries and I hate that but it's all
illegal you know you could hate that
separately from what he's doing
politically but that but the political
stuff about what he's funding and how
much impact he has cetera just seemed
this big opaque I couldn't penetrate it
but I've penetrated it enough to learn
the following and fact check me on this
if he will that George Soros puts a
great deal of money into political I
guess they would all be called political
activist groups so I think that much so
the two facts that I think everybody
agrees on he puts in a lot of money and
that therefore political things and that
they tend to be more on the left now
people who are more on the right say ok
that's all I need to know he's putting a
lot of money into things I don't like
I'm not quite willing to make that leap
because we don't really know what his
intention is we can't see the budget we
don't know how much impact he has we
don't know if the organization is doing
things that he would approve of or he
just gives money and sometimes they do
things he likes and sometimes they don't
we just don't know it's this big hard to
determine you know is he really the main
funder behind this or that or is he just
one of them
you can't tell so here's my opinion
because he has so much money and because
we know he is employment in political
ways and here's the key because it's we
can't tell how it's being used that's
enough to declare him an enemy of the
state am I wrong it wouldn't matter what
he was funding so I would say the same
thing if all of his money were going
into causes for a conservative purpose
I would say exactly the same thing the
fact that we can't tell what he's
spending it on and it's a tremendous
amount of money and it's very purpose is
to change the political nature in my
country it doesn't matter what he's
spending it on so I was a little bit
obsessed to trying to figure out okay
but really what is he actually putting
the money into like if I don't know what
he's spending it on how am I supposed to
judge him but I've seen now that there's
so much money and it's being funneled
into things that are absolutely showing
up in the headlines and they're
absolutely changing how people feel
about things and they're absolutely
changing politics and we didn't vote for
him I don't remember voting for a
billionaire to run my country in some
way now Levine and let me be as clear
clear about this as possible if and I
can't imagine this happening but if
Soros said hey you know I'm gonna be
more transparent here's all the money I
give and here's all the group's I give
to and here's why I like these groups
let's let's say he goes full Tom Styer
somebody said it just before for us
Tom Styer I dislike everything he's
doing but I don't find him to be I don't
an enemy of the country or something
because he's so transparent
you know it's my money I'm putting it
here here's what I want to accomplish
now I hate what he wants to accomplish I
hate that but it's a free country
he's got freedom of speech he's got
money there's no law against it I could
at least respect yes I can respect the
transparency but Saros seems
intentionally not to be transparent I
think sometimes you can find out that he
has donated to groups
but if you don't know how much you don't
know exactly what they're up to and you
don't know how eBay if influenced them
it's all invisible so I I think the
Soros
could legitimately be called an enemy of
the state the state being the United
States in this case only because the
lack of transparency and and the big
influence lack of transparency the worst
situation all right
and again I would say the same thing if
he were funding only conservative things
so so my opinion has nothing to do with
his politics it has to do with these the
lack of transparency combined with its
big impact I'm reading this story that I
don't quite understand about somebody's
floating the idea in Europe to make it
illegal to criticize a mass migration
and it's the story is that the story is
impenetrable because it's boring meaning
that I read it my eyes are closing it's
like it's like this organization and
this person I don't know but apparently
there's talk about making it illegal to
criticize mass migration because it'd be
sort of racist now if that happens then
that pretty much guarantees that mass
migration will become even more mass so
I think somebody tweeted Europe has
fallen it's hard to imagine how it could
be reversible at this point so I think
it's a who is it
Nassim Taleb talks about how islam is
different than some other religions
because you can't leave the religion you
know it's it's hard to leave or else you
you could be punished or killed or
something and and then you know they
have high population you know they they
tend to have a lot of kids etc and and
they prefer their system Sharia so when
you reach a certain level and that level
might be just five percent of the
population or ten percent or something
the the whole civilization needs to
accommodate you
you know if your 10% of a civil
population you're gonna get some stuff
right
you know that's big enough that you
could make a lot of noise and get some
stuff so it seems to me that their
system and again it's hard I'm gonna be
as clear as possible I'm not talking
about their ethnicity I'm not talking
about whether their religion is right or
wrong good or bad I'm not making any
comment on the people I'm not making any
comment on the you know the goodness or
badness of the religion I'm just making
a systems comment then it's a very
sticky system and that once it gets a
certain foothold it's almost impossible
to stop it from growing in in a system
that has freedom of speech because if
they can get to the point where you're
not allowed to criticize and you're not
allowed to work to slow it down then
they'll just be more of it so it does
appear to me that this conversation
about whether you can even talk about it
in in critical ways you know even if
you're talking about just the economic
impact or anything else you're not
allowed to talk about it
that feels like a tipping point and you
know things don't go in a straight line
if you're trying to predict the future
the worst way to predict the future is
that the current trend will continue
whatever the current trend is because
the current trend usually doesn't
continue but what is different about
this is that the system is so robust you
know the system of you know growing the
the religion I guess you call it the
system is so robust that I can't imagine
what would stop it now if you look at
what China is doing China sees the risk
apparently as so bad that they've
created a prison system and they're
they're literally jailing the mostly the
the Weger the Weger minority which is a
islamic minority within
China and they apparently they built
these massive concentration camps which
they call rate education centers to
essentially torture them and brainwash
them to become and here's here's the
part that's so shockingly blunt from
China they at one of their politicians I
forget which one actually referred to it
as re-educating them until they became
and he used the word normal normal so
the Chinese are viewing Islam as almost
like a mental problem wouldn't you say
so that they're treating it like a
medical problem that the only way that
they can treat it is by isolating the
people literally putting them in prison
and and then re-educating brainwashing
them basically the equivalent of
electroshock therapy to get rid of their
religion now I would be fascinated in a
bad way to know if they think it's
working
don't you wonder I mean they're doing it
at such a large scale they must have
some idea whether it's working and in
this case working means whatever their
goals are as a country you know not
working as in creating a good result and
I'm fascinated by that from the you know
persuasion brainwashing perspective as
as to you know my sense of it is that it
couldn't work it's hard for me to
imagine that it could work but remember
China is a very sophisticated country
they've got a lot of Technology this
seems to be something they care about
enough to put a lot of energy into it so
they may be using some pretty
sophisticated methods or maybe they're
just beating people and making them
change the minds or something I don't
know
but aside from the fact that it's
essentially a Holocaust you know there I
don't think they're killing them but
they seem to be you know mass
incarcerated and mass torturing an
entire group of people so that's about
as you know evil as you can get so yeah
they're not they're not they're not
killing them per se but I would imagine
that there's a high death rate in those
camps all right so that now I've heard
the the idea that migration is is good
you know allowing migration across
borders is a good thing for the people
who are migrating and of course it is if
they could be allowed to migrate it's
good for them the question is whether
it's good for the rest of the country
and it makes me ask this question why
wouldn't we put more effort into making
migration within the countries here
imagine if you would that you were a
low-income or unemployed American so
which is exactly like the migrants right
the migrants are low or no income and
low education etc but they can help
themselves by being able to go from
where where things are bad to where
things are better that's very hard to do
if you're if you're living in the United
States and you're poor you wouldn't know
where to go and you know it would be
hard to get a foothold in another place
but imagine if it was really if it were
really easy to just migrate within the
United States so that if you're poor and
Detroit yeah so if you're poor in
Detroit how would you know even where to
go in this country to get a job right at
least the you know the the Mexicans or
at least anybody from south of the
border they know they kind of know where
to go because there's a you know there
might be a farm you know big farm that
needs them to work etc they have a
pretty specific idea where to go but
seems like we could improve
that system so that people within the
country would have more mobility yeah
employment mobility within the country
and take advantage of the same effect
that people people who are coming across
the border for all right is there
anything I didn't talk about that you
want me to there's plenty of info on the
internet you are right but low income
people are not they're not they're
probably not the most capable of finding
information and then they don't have any
money or resources to go there I talked
about talk already at the beginning GW
yeah so yeah George George Bush Senior
has passed away eight months after his
wife went and it it is really amazing
how often that happens the the one
parent dies and the other one dies
within a year my parents went the same
way you know my father followed my
mother fairly quickly oh yes how did I
forget the simultaneous it will you join
me raise your glass your mug you're
tough you're jealous fill it with your
favorite beverage and join me now for
the simultaneous end
[Music]
alright there sure it says a great new
article out yeah let's let me just talk
about what I call the the gotcha
porn it does it seem to you that you
know so it's well documented that the
country is split into these two silos
you know the left and the right and they
they don't talk to each other I talked
about it as two movies on one screen but
now everybody's everybody has their own
version of two movies on one screen now
it's it's become the common way to talk
about the country and I guess it was a
little common before but it's turned
into sort of a team theater
entertainment kind of thing it's no
longer really politics as it does it
seem to you that politics used to be
sort of a dry boring thing and people
like I like these policies I had like
these policies but baby these two
policies can find some middle ground and
then we can get something done this
seems to be politics was politics and
entertainment was entertainment and
what's changed as the entertainment and
politics have merged to the degree that
we get joy ant of this political
entertainment the thing that people
didn't used to get and you see this very
clearly with what I'll call the gotcha
porn the best gotcha porn here's a good
example so there was a NPR did a story
that was turned out to be fake news in
which they were sure that Don junior
Trump had said something and lied to
Congress and he's gonna go to jail or
whatever and then it turns out that they
just had the story wrong and and there
was nothing there but let me ask you
this you you probably saw people get
excited because they're like aha
president Trump and his son might go to
jail doesn't it seem to you that the
reason people are sort of rooting for
the president to go to jail they're sort
of rooting for his family to go to jail
doesn't it feel more like an addiction
then it feels like politics because it
feels like you know imagine you will
imagine if you will that you were one of
the people who has a severe hatred for
the administration and so you turn on
CNN and there's Jeffrey Toobin
or one of their pundits and one of the
pundits says we got them now that are
going down handcuffs are you know the
handcuffs are out that you know as soon
as Manafort talks and cut one flips like
a hot it's all coming down how do you
feel when you watch that show if you
were a hater of this administration and
especially if the Trump's if you really
really hated them and you turned on CNN
and they sat - oh man you need good
times these guys are all going to jail
now you would feel a rush of actual
physical pleasure would you not wouldn't
you get an actual hit of dopamine or
serotonin or whatever the hell that the
happy chemicals are so when I when I
call this gotcha
porn that's not much of a stretch
because I think people are getting a hit
from the fake news that feels like a
drug that feels physically good when
they read that something bad might
happen to one of the Trump's and that
seems to be the primary driver of news
coverage it seems to me that the news is
almost entirely for the anti-trump news
is entirely focused on what I'd call
some form of gotcha porn where people go
oh we got you this time we gotta Don jr.
we got it with our fake news and and
every time you see
you know one of the anti jumpers say
something like oh yeah now they're in
trouble this time we got them it
probably just gives you like a charge of
buzz it's got to feel almost yeah almost
sexual so that's that's what they're
selling now they're selling that they're
selling that feeling now the news used
to be about giving you information but
if I've taught you nothing and I
probably have then the the information
you get from the news is so an of
context so incomplete in many cases so
complicated you wouldn't understand the
whole situation anyway so you're not
really seeing news anymore
take the Saudi Arabia situation is a
perfect example there's probably a sense
when people follow that story that
they're following something called the
news but Saudi Arabia that the situation
with Ashoke etc there's probably so much
around that that we don't know like you
know what did what is Israel doing or
saying or wanting what is what is the
secret conversation going on with Saudi
Arabia what are our plans with Iran so
how much you know about that story is
this much how much matters about that
story is probably this much and you
don't know what that is because it's
complicated its secret is changing all
the time but that's the important stuff
so you're not really seeing news it's
just stuff that feels like news because
you don't really know the big ball of
stuff take what was the biggest story
this week was that Trump signed the u.s.
MCA agreement there to replace NAFTA
how many of you understood what NAFTA
was not me I didn't I mean in a general
way I understood it but I don't I don't
know the details how many understand
what the US MCA is not me I mean I
understand that at the high level but I
don't know what any of the agreement is
I don't know how much
different it is so I have I have the
false impression that I've seen
something that you might call news but
not really because I don't really
understand it anyway that's all I got
for now I think I'm going to sign off
and do something else and I will talk to
you later