um bum bum bum bum bum bum guess what
time it is
it's the best time of the day which is
weird because some of you will be
watching this on replay and it will be a
different time of the day when some of
you watch it and still it's the best
time of the day how do I do it well you
can do anything if you've got coffee and
so you know what time it is it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip grab your beverage your
vessel your liquids and go good
simultaneous sipping all right everybody
let's talk about the big topic of the
day big topic of the day children in
cages ripped from their parents at the
borders so let me give you the the the
overview starting with what we all agree
on all right it's always good to start
these types of conversations that are so
polarizing start with the parts that
everyone agrees on here's what everyone
agrees on taking children from their
parents is very bad it's not as bad as
some of the news reports I was saying
yesterday who compared it to taking
children away permanently so apparently
there are studies showing that if you
take a child from a parent permanently
and they know that's what's happening at
the time that causes lifelong damage
studies show we don't know what happens
if you take somebody away from their
parents for a few weeks when everybody
knows that they'll get back together but
it can't be good so I think everybody's
in the same page that if there were any
practical way to prevent what's
happening
Republicans would like it Democrats
would like it the president would like
it the you know the the immigrants
themselves would like it so we should
stop pretending that anyone's on the
other side of that and perhaps we should
talk about this like adults which is
what's not happening in in the political
world but we citizens can talk like
adults we have that option the the
political the political folks don't have
that option because the Democrats have a
just a great great campaign issue the
the idea of children and cages is just
so awful and powerful that they would be
crazy to fix it so that's your first
problem
Democrats would be crazy to fix it
that's how broken our government is at
the same token at the same time
Republicans could fix it fairly quickly
they could just say hey change the rule
keep those kids with those adults wait a
minute what's missing what's missing is
how the heck do you do that without
making things worse if the Republicans
had a way if the President had a way to
keep the families together in that part
we do have of course we could just not
separate them but what do you do with
them do you make it a really good deal
to come here with kids because in the
long term that would make it worse so as
anybody explicitly on the news in any
interview you've seen said what I'm
going to say now we'd like to fix it in
the short term but nobody has an idea to
do that
that doesn't make it a more attractive
thing so it's worse in the long term now
maybe there's a plan like that
and for some reason nobody's mentioning
it the reason that we have this
situation is that the last situation
didn't work so people are asking to go
back to the last
situation which didn't work because it
was causing more people to be
incentivized to come because it looked
like a pretty good deal so if we are to
be adults in the conversation which are
government and here I'm talking about
Republicans White House Democrats there
are no adults in this conversation
don't kid yourself this is a complete
failure of government a complete failure
of government now at the same time
apparently the the professionals working
at the border in these shelters the ice
people are are actually great people
doing the best they can with the
resources they have they're legitimately
there to to make the world a better
place
the people taking care of the the
immigrants are you know that they have
the all the right incentives their kind
people doing what they can so they're
doing what they can but there's nobody
in the conversation at least on
television or in or in the press who is
just acting like an adult you've got a
short-term problem that nobody likes
nobody stop pretending that somebody
likes that nobody likes the current
situation nobody not the president not
you not the critics nobody but we also
don't like the long-term situation if it
makes more of this and nobody has an
idea for making that go away so let's
talk about wall our our terrible
government tries to figure out how to
make this go away let's talk about some
things that we could do in the short
term to at least make it not as bad all
right it's impossible to fix that by
waving your hands but how could you make
it less mad and I'm going to talk about
these psychology of it separate from the
physical part of it if you were to take
away the psychological part of the story
you've taken away the the worst part
because the psychological part is that
children are being taken from parents
and the
maybe language issues there maybe
sophistication issues you know the
people coming from deep poverty don't
really understand what happens to their
kids may not believe it when somebody
says now we're going to take care of
them this is for everybody's what
well-being but do you believe that so
you've got this psychological trauma and
so how do you solve the psychological
part separate from the physical part
because keep in mind that the people who
were who were making this you know
arduous dangerous terrible trip all the
way to the border are people who are in
desperate situations they're going from
a desperate dangerous hungry you know
uncomfortable situation to detention
which is at least safer at least that's
the intention you know you're you're
separating people to keep it safe
separating the men from the women keeps
the web and safe separate the children
from the adults keeps the children safe
until you can sort out what's what so at
least people got physically safer but
psychologically much worse and at least
they're getting fed probably better than
they were but still psychologically it's
horrible and at least you know things
are getting sorted out a little bit
maybe they get into the the right
process eventually by psychologically
it's it's a horror so how do you fix the
psychological part in the short run so
that the parents are not in trauma the
kids are not in trauma and yet you're
doing the right thing
you're keeping them safe cuz remember
the separation of the children and the
parents is at least by the professionals
or doing the work is primarily to keep
everybody safe so let me give you some
ideas these are just brainstorming kind
of ideas you can you can say they're
terrible later yeah I talked about maybe
providing iPads so that people could
make calls but the more I thought about
that and saw pictures and
the facilities I thought well where
would you put those iPads you know where
would they be and and how do you share
them and how do you do that so I've got
an improved idea have you seen the the
telepresence robots it's basically if
you could imagine like a Segway bottom
you know a little roller bottom that
that is stable with just a pole and
something that looks like an iPad on the
top but it's a it's a robot that you can
use remotely so it can zip around and
everything imagine if you will that each
of the facilities has a robot or two
that's just going around all the time
and just showing the people showing them
getting food showing them taking a nap
and that each facility could look in on
another facility so for example if you
saw the robot come by they said this is
the child's facility at X and you know
your child is in X then you can walk
over the robot and say yo hey can I can
I see the other side you know can I see
the the kids and in whatever facility so
there may be some way and by the way
here's the name of one of the companies
looks like one of the leaders or maybe
the leader in this space is called
double robotics and it's it's referred
to as an iPad robot now the beauty of
the double robotics thing is that the
robot would move around so I'm dealing
with the psychological part imagine
you're a parent and you have to only
imagine what's happening with your child
imagine you don't know where your child
is and you're just imagining the
facility well even if that child made a
phone call or had an iPad in front of
them you're still seeing just the face
of the child or the voice if you're a
parent that's not good enough
you want to see what's happening all
right and that's where the robot could
come in the robot could give you the
full 360 eventually so that's that's one
idea and
again we're not talking about this
solution because nobody has suggested a
solution that doesn't make things worse
in the long term if somebody comes up
with one that makes things better in the
short run and the long term I'm all over
that
so so let's now pretend there are two
sides everyone is on the same side but
politically you know it's easy to take
sides here the robot would also somebody
is talking about privacy well I don't
believe there's a privacy issue that
would matter to the people involved and
if the only people who are looking and
it's not being recorded are the people
who are looking live from one facility
to another you know as long as the
robots don't go and you know the
bathrooms or the showers or whatever I
think you're fine
yeah parents would panic because they
don't see their child well so there
would be one way to deal with that for
example is if you imagine that the kids
probably or I would imagine at some
point children line up to give food you
know I haven't been there but I imagine
there's some point where people get in
line to get food at that point you take
the robot and you just go down the line
and you look at every face
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot and then
you turn around and you go back doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo so parents
would not see their kids maybe the first
minute but they might see their kids
eventually which would be better but
you're right there's there might be an
issue of didn't see the kid on the first
pass so they might feel a little a
little worse
so maybe the very first time you show it
you do it when the kids are in line for
food so you make sure every kid gets
shown at least at least a couple times a
day when they line up for food somebody
says crazy idea let parents be with
their children you may have just signed
on if anybody knew how to do
at mix the adults with the children and
in the hard part is apparently the
children are not necessarily they don't
belong to the adults sometimes the
children are brought in as a bargaining
chip or let's say a get-out-of-jail-free
card that they're taking kids for
nefarious reasons so if we knew that
there were real parents it would be
easier to pair them but the problem is
there's an incentive to bring fake kids
while real kids who are not your kids in
under the guise of them being your kids
so though those of you who say just put
the parents and the kids together or
just don't separate them
that is a childlike view of the
situation because that absolutely would
be the best situation in the short run
but if you ignore the long run that that
sort of incentive would make things
worse you're not really an adult in the
conversation somebody saying build the
wall though the wall is going to take a
while and it's not going to stop people
from trying to do this for a long time
so you need a short-term situation and a
long-term now here's another idea along
the same lines do you remember when uber
was brand new and how you felt the first
time you could look at your app and
you'd know where the uber car was do you
remember how psychologically that was
like completely different from from just
hoping your taxi showed up a complete
different psychological thing so could
you imagine for example and maybe they
have this but I don't know about it
imagine if you will that there's some
kind of electronic sign board or
something else that tells the people in
there how long they're likely to be
there now it could be you know they
don't know exactly every time sometimes
it takes longer but there might be some
way I'm just brainstorming here that the
people there I could see a countdown
clock they'll at least give them an
approximate time so they they could say
okay
I've been here for a day but I can see
on the clock this is sort of a
day-and-a-half situation I can make it a
half a day I'll see my parents and a
half a day oh by the way I know they're
looking at me on these robots you know
so psychologically you could transform
the situation from I don't know what's
gonna happen to I do know what's gonna
happen and from I don't know what's
happening with my children - oh there
are my children I wish I were there this
is terrible but at least I know they're
getting food and you know they I see my
kids smiling and that feels better
so here's the macro idea separate the
physical problem which is literally
people kept in cages or or facilities
that they can't get an ax
you could call it a cage you could call
it not a cage but here's the rule if
it's your kid it's a cage if it's
somebody you don't know it might be a
holding facility right so let let's stop
kidding each other about what we call
these things if it's your frickin kid
that thing's a cage that's it that's
that's the end of the story it's your
kid that's a cage if it's conceptual
immigration you know mitigation and you
don't have to see it and it's not your
kid and it's nobody you'll meet then
maybe you have the freedom of saying
well it's a containment detention
halfway you know facility shelter you
know you can use other words for it but
if it's your kid that's a frickin cage
so let's let's not word think this and
think that we've done something all
right
it's and also let's forget about this
Obama did it too it's true
it's helpful gives us context it's
useful but it doesn't mean anything
because Obama is not a president just
doesn't mean anything so stop acting
like that's that's some kind of a excuse
it's not
now I have I've told you many times
about the power of the visual persuasion
imagine any of this conversation without
the word cage or the the photos that
showed people in you know cages some of
them were actually from 2014
but the detention facilities I just saw
pictures on Business Insider showing I
don't know what you'd call it but it
would like a fenced in inner area within
a larger area that look like a big cage
you know you could say it's not a cage
but if you're in a container that you
can't get at us I'm gonna call it a cage
so the visual of this which we didn't
have before
where at least people didn't spread them
around as much during the Obama
administration allowed it to be a
concept and apparently since they were
doing less of it or trying to do less of
it it was less of a political issue but
now when there's more of it and and
there's pictures the the Trump
administration is going to need to do
something because they're getting beaten
badly on this and there's nothing that I
can support in this conversation except
that that well now I can't can't support
anybody in this conversation you know it
is true that the Trump administration is
trying for a long-term solution but the
way they're handling it is so was so
poor that I can't I can't give them a
pass on this whatsoever just because of
the way they're handling and by the way
that doesn't mean there's a better way
to handle it that doesn't mean there's a
better solution if if anybody had a
better solution I think they would have
suggested it it's not a solution to just
stop doing it because that just gets you
back to the problem you had that you
were trying to fix before you just
change the problem so if anybody has an
idea I'm all over it
if
if there's any way we can get some what
are they called
double robotics iPad robots into let's
say just you know a few facilities see
if it makes any difference I'm sure you
could get funding for it fairly quickly
so Scott watches News sees pictures
reverses course I don't think I've
reversed course have I what what would
be something that I said before that I'm
not saying now I'm not aware of any
reverse of course I'm framing it
differently but that's different
different than a reverse of course what
was there some did you imagine that
there was some point in somebody said
somebody says yes you have right after
yes you haven't here's here's what you
think is a reverse in course somehow you
imagined that I was in favor of kids and
cages you must have somehow imagined
that is there anybody who was in who was
who was in favor of that I don't think
so
made fun of the Democrats or the point
oh well but I'm making fun of everybody
making fun of the wrong word I'm
criticizing everyone the the Democrats
have quite masterfully turned this into
a political weapon that's quite powerful
so if we're talking about just the
persuasion element of it the Democrats
are are just kicking kicking ass on this
there's no question about that but if
you're talking about the the human
element of it this is a complete
government breakdown you're wrong only
the media are outraged I don't think
that's the case I think I think it is
true that Republicans are less bothered
by this
because they're looking at the long term
and I and I've made this point before
that
seems I don't know if I made it on this
point before but I will it seems to me
that the Republicans just generally
conservatives in general or sort of the
the the parental party they get as in
this will hurt in the short term but in
the long term it's going to be better
and the Democrats are kind of stuck in
the short term which is why can't you
give us all candy I don't understand why
can't we just eat candy and then the
parents say well Candy's okay once in a
while but you have to have a meal or
else you'll you'll die if you just eat
candy and then the children say but I
like candy and I don't like roast beef
so why can't I just eat candy so that's
sort of where we are why key and I have
candy versus how do we fix it in long
term but the long term people are
totally blowing the short term and the
short term people are completely
ignoring the long term that's why I say
you've got two parties in complete
failure mode complete failure mode both
sides and the white house complete
failure mode
I can't think of anything else can you
well maybe healthcare healthcare I think
is complete failure mode as well so I
think immigration and health care are
complete government failure mode
Democrats Republicans White House across
the board complete failure all right is
there anything else happening today
yeah this is a really good immigration
is good as an attack because it's
complicated whenever you've got a
situation that's complicated you have
the opportunity to attack because people
can't check your facts so the the
Russian thing was complicated that was
great it worked great as an attack the
OIG report people are seeing whatever
they want to see because it's
complicated nobody understands that
taxes nobody understands trade nobody
really understands so wherever you have
these complicated situations and
immigration certainly is is complicated
you they got you reeled in on this one
Scott explained so you know you hear me
talk about Telstra cognitive dissonance
whoever just said they've got you reeled
in on this Scott if you had a reason I'm
pretty sure it would have been there you
just don't like the fact that I just
made your opinion look ridiculous
whatever your opinion was apparently
because the people who just say you're
wrong Scott or they reeled you in or
you're really gullible you would give me
a reason it wouldn't be that hard you've
got a lot of characters here
you could fit something in maybe not the
details but you could say well I think
you're wrong about there is no solution
because there is you might say something
like that reasons already stated give me
one give me one reason that tells me
that my take on this sometimes you're
not fully informed that's what I just
said you fell for the emotion okay so
somebody saying that I'm falling for the
emotional argument and the answer is the
emotional argument didn't exist until
recently
but now that is here it's a fact there
the the emotional argument is not
imagination because the way people are
feeling is the fact they're feeling a
certain way
so not only are the parents and the
children feeling a certain way being
separated but the public is feeling a
certain way this is new this is new
facts all right if somebody is crying it
doesn't help to say there's no reason to
cry you have to deal with the fact that
they're crying so I'm dealing with facts
that you know independent of what I
personally feel about this situation
America has now worked itself into a
lather so that that their emotional
feeling has been ginned up to the fact
level it's what we have to deal with so
when I say that the that the the
government has failed they've allowed
this emotional thing to rise up and
they're not handling it in any kind of
an efficient manner yeah no matter see
that the issue here is that the moment
you say children rip from parents and
children and cages there's no other side
to the argument and the moment you
pretend there's another side to that
argument you've lost the argument
so you should never never take the other
side once the words children cages
ripped from parents as soon as that's in
the conversation everybody is on the
same side what's different is what
suggestions people have to fix it it's
the only thing that's different there's
nobody on the other side there is one
side that's giving a long term solution
without the short term there's another
one that is offering a short term
solution without a long term these are
not serious players nobody's a serious
player if they're not looking at both
the short term in the long term so
that's a complete failure of government
right there
the suggestion is the parents stop
breaking the law well that's a practical
suggestion there why don't you go talk
to there as people in poverty and El
Salvador and tell them that they should
stop trying to get across the border I'm
sure that will help short term long term
is false dichotomy it's a false
dichotomy that nobody is making because
you need to do both
why is immediate deportation not an
option well I'll give you a few reasons
number one is that and again all of us
are under informed about immigration so
I'll just prove how under-informed I
earn I am a lot of the people coming
across are not Mexican citizens if they
were Mexican citizens it seems like it
would be easier just to say here's the
door go back on the other side you know
they're presumably they just try to get
in again but if they're from El Salvador
you can't deport them to a different
country you can't deport an El
Salvadorian refugee to Mexico you know
because there's somebody on the other
side of the door in Mexico saying hello
it's Mexico what do you have for us how
about you take some el Salvadorians who
don't live in Mexico and they go thank
you no no thank you
close the door how did they get in
Mexico illegally they just came up the
southern border why not be sad about
American criminals being separated I am
sad about that somebody's actually
trying to call me first thing in the
morning what's up with that
drop-off in Canada who pays for their
trip good question
it's all manufactured here stereo and
you fell for it no I think you're not
listening to this I'm saying that there
is a manufactured hysteria and that the
country has fell for it so now it's a
real thing because people are dealing
with it you know as their top issue you
are correct in saying that if people
were to rank the things that matter the
most of them it wouldn't be anywhere
near the top yeah I don't know two weeks
ago I went to bed in the top fifty
probably because you'd never even heard
of it so you're right
that this is a a ginned up hysteria
which is still around a real problem
it's it's a real thing that children are
being separated for primitive their
parents which is not good for the
children but there's certainly a
difference between a child in a cage and
a child who's staying with the relative
who didn't go to jail you know those are
fundamentally different and any time we
try to think in these weird analogies
like yeah like concentration camps or or
jail or why is it like school or camp or
or the Holocaust or why is it like going
to jail none of them said none of those
situations are the same these are just
things that remind you of other things
so when I tell you that it's bad for
children to be taken away from adults
I'm not buying into this hysteria I'm
talking about the news that's on the
front page the thing we have to deal
with because it's the thing that's
moving in the country so the fact that
your logic says we shouldn't worry about
it is irrelevant because we're already
worrying about it in other words your
world is the things that you see and
feel and experience and care about
that's your reality and that reality has
changed for all of us our reality is
different because the way we see things
and feel
and care about has been manipulated by
the by the Democrats primarily really
effectively very very effectively and
when when somebody says you fell for the
fell for the whatever the propaganda or
the hysteria keep in mind that this is
the type of thing that could bring down
a government it's the type of thing
people rally behind and say oh it's it's
Hitler coming so it's a big deal
psychologically remember I said in the
beginning that the physical part is
actually people going from a horrible
situation trying to make it all the way
up to the border thousands of miles
through danger and you know underfed and
everything else they're actually
physically they're in a better place
because they're they're fed and they're
cared for they've got healthcare for the
first time you know they probably have
showers for the first time in however
long if ever so physically they're
actually in a better place
psychologically the world is reacting to
it and in a certain way and that
reaction is real so those of you your
your using magical thinking if you're
saying I think there's no problem
because in my mind there isn't one
that's not really the world you live in
the world you live in is that people are
pretty are pretty torqued up about this
for psychologically manipulative reasons
and that's real now you have to deal
with the reality that people are torqued
up my personal feeling on this doesn't
really have much to do with anything
Cloward and Piven what's that mean
let them to have sit-down dinners with
their parents I don't know if they're
all physically near each other so that I
think there's a distance and a quantity
of people problem yeah I don't know that
that's practical and by the way the the
critics I think have to be held to task
to come up with their alternative plan
and describe what it leads to start with
a few starting with a few would be
helpful especially if they could come
back with I suppose you know stories of
a everybody looks okay over there
there's a Cloward Piven solution I'll
look that up Oh overwhelm the system so
that doesn't sound good
my whole family's you're saying that the
ordinary people are not talking about it
well let me ask you this what are your
friends saying about this to tell me the
reaction from friends because I've seen
lots of people realize that it's a big
issue politically I'll have to admit I
don't know that I've seen anybody in
person I haven't really talked to too
many people in person about this but I
so I guess I haven't talked to anybody
about it or your girlfriend is crazed
over this somebody's saying not an issue
just reading your comments nothing
friends don't care about it people are
saying yeah my aunt cried for 30 minutes
after watching CNN yeah I don't know how
many people have to be moved by this for
it to be a big issue if 10% of the of
the public is deeply affected by it
that's enough to change the world so if
you can and this is a something I've
talked about before if you have an issue
that everybody is a little bit concerned
about it probably is a irrelevant issue
even if everybody's on the same page and
everybody's concerned about it
but they're just sort of concerned that
doesn't move the needle but if you have
10% of any public who are super
emotional and care about an issue that
10% somebody's saying closer to 2% but
10% is a better just for the example
that moves the needle 10% of people
really really caring changes the world
yeah somebody saying it's a Democrat
talking point it's more than that and
what I mean more than that a talking
point sort of suggests that it doesn't
make much difference in the real world
but this is something which has taken on
a bigger feeling and it's politically
it's dynamite that it's a nuclear bomb
politically somebody says we can see
through the hysteria you should to what
what is it that I said that suggests I
don't see through this hysteria I
literally describe this as the people
being in a more comfortable situation
compared to the danger that they took
the guy here it's temporary they are
cared for physically in every way and of
course we have to have laws and that
work in the long term is there anything
that sounded like hysteria in that and
the public is worked up about it that's
just a fact right and the psychology of
the people involved could be probably a
lot better because when kids and parents
can't see each other there is a
psychological stress is anybody
disagreeing with anything I've said so
far so your characterization of me as a
comic ironically comic character who who
can't see the whole picture I believe
does not match the facts because I just
described it in a way that I think under
percent of you would agree with so if a
hundred percent of you agree with me
tell me one thing you don't agree with
go tell me one thing you don't agree
with I'm a biased liberal no that's not
something that you disagree with tell me
what I said
they don't agree with ya that we should
care I'm not telling you you should care
I'm telling you people do that's an
observation that you agree with I'm not
saying you should care I'm saying people
do that's the fact now other people care
you agree with that don't pretend that
you disagree with me because you don't
somebody says I don't agree it's a
nuclear bomb so somebody doesn't agree
it's a a good political issue I think I
think the experts are going to be pretty
pretty much on my side on this so here's
how this works the fact that it gets a
lot of attention is what makes it
important and because it's the sort of
story that the news is going to ride
mercilessly yeah it will rise in our in
in the calculation of voters you know in
their minds it will rise in importance
just because it's getting this much
attention and it has the phrase children
in cages as part
conversation that's just the fact
whatever gets the most attention is what
the public will perceive as important
even if you individually Bob don't agree
that's irrelevant that you think Bob
differently than the public the public
is going to be moved by what the news
coverage is and the news coverage is
focusing on this as a hit Larry and move
and that's going to move the needle
it's absolutely powerful how does it
rate with Russian collusion similar
similar somebody else saying you're
falling for the hysteria did you just
 sign on what what about what
part of me saying that people are
physically being better taken care of
than they were when they were coming
across but psychologically it's bad for
the parents and the kids you agree with
it and you see that the public is
getting worked up did I say that I'm
suffering some hysteria over this is
there anything I said they would suggest
that comment makes sense I think I'm
gonna block anybody who says that again
because that's just not even trying
you're not even trying
more liberal propaganda it is liberal
propaganda but it's really really good
meaning that it's effective it's doing
what the propagandist wanted to do it's
very effective somebody says oh so you'd
like to capitulate and lose no did
anything I say sounded like I want to
compel a t' leave Bob
ripping children from their mothers I'm
not saying that's my characterization
I'm saying that's what the news is
reporting Child Protective Services
so somebody probably wants me to mention
that Child Protective Services does
remove children from adults now in those
cases the adult that they're being
removed from is a is an immediate danger
that is not the situation here now it's
another reason that I say analogies are
not thinking if if you have made any of
the following analogies you are not part
of the thinking class all right and I'm
going to be fair because these are on
both sides of the political spectrum if
you've made an analogy to Hitler
you're not thinking if I made an analogy
to Child Protective Services
you're not thinking if you made an
analogy to school which I did but people
didn't realize I was joking when I did
it yeah I was actually mocking somebody
else's analogy but it probably didn't
look that way on Twitter if you're if
you're making an analogy of this to
anything else you're not part of the
solution you're not thinking because
this isn't like anything else it is only
its own thing if you can't deal with it
on its own merits and you have to rely
on an analogy to make your case whether
you're making it that it's more like
Auschwitz or the other side is making it
so it's just like child protective
custody how is it different than any
parent going to jail those are just
different situations they're just
different and they have to be treated
that way but I would agree with you on
the big on the big point that there are
you know normal situations in which
children and parents are separated
would trump visiting and seeing them
happy help you know I wondered about
that but probably not yeah Brett the the
it would be there are too many ways that
could go wrong somebody say it's like a
criminal being taken from their kid no
that's an analogy if you can't deal with
the actual situation just leave the
conversation if what you want to talk
about is somebody else's situation
that's different you're just now part of
the conversation so don't pretend that
you are you're talking about another
situation with different variables it's
like daycare somebody said all right
interesting no one mentions Kate Steinle
here because it's not really important
to this conversation there's nobody who
wants there's nobody on the side of more
crime from illegal immigrants there's
nobody on that side you don't need to
mention the obvious stop taking in 250
kids what do you do with them they're
already on our side of the border all
right why are they not considered
invaders well that is word thinking word
thinking you can call them whatever you
want it doesn't change what it is it
doesn't change what you do about it
changing the name for it doesn't change
your strategy
we need more immigrants for farming I
believe that's true actually I believe
that we do need more workers than we
have especially for the farming's
segment but that's a separate issue all
right I think I've said too much about
this already I'll tell ya I'm Way I'm
Way more mad at the quality of thinking
about this than I am about that even the
situation itself because it's the
quality of thinking that's so poor you
know the analogy thinking and the the
failure to recognize a shorter term in a
long term problem those those are just
gigantic failures and thinking which
allows by the way which allows your
government to be worthless you know
ultimately the responsibility is that
the government Democrats Republicans the
White House have all failed us on this
yeah on immigration in general they've
failed but they can get away with it
because we the citizens rely on
analogies that are stupid and ignoring
the long term short term difference as
long as we do that our government can do
anything it wants because the citizens
just aren't in the game at all all right
that's all for now talk to you later