I think we should do a
show let me get my comments
working and they're working
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that only SpaceX has
experienced all you need for that is a
copper mugger glass a tanker chel Stein
a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine day
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and darn it it happens
right now go
uh thanks
Paul everything is working
swimmingly well after today's live
stream which you will just
love uh Owen Gregorian will be hosting a
spaces on X that's the audio um thing so
look for Owen Gregorian right after the
uh after the live stream it's say Scott
Adams Afterparty spaces so you can talk
about either what the news is or I
suppose anything that seems
interesting um you might know that
SpaceX has already launched its rocket
to rescue the astronauts that that are
stuck on the International Space Station
and uh they should be back on
Sunday boy I hope that
works don't you think the country needs
just that you know like a little one
thing we canot argue about it's like oh
some astronauts got
rescued will will the Democrats have a
problem with it do you think Pelosi and
Schumer and the rest will say you know I
really should have left them there
because there wasn't enough diversity or
something they're going to find a reason
not to like
it well Elon Musk gave us an update
about his Mara's plans
and he says that uh by the end of next
year he plans to send the Starship to
Mars so at the end of next year he's
going to land a rocket with Mars but no
people um he's going to put an Optimus
one of the robots well at least one you
know I don't know how many robots but at
least one and I'm thinking to myself
wouldn't the most logical thing to do
would be to ship a whole bunch of of
robots up there if you could you know
keep them
powered and then have the robots build
you your your human qualified space
station because you don't want you know
people up there until it's habitable so
I also think what would happen if we get
several robots up there and then
something happens to you know the space
program or whatever and they just decide
to build their own civilization on
Mars don't you think there's a nonzero
chance that that uh the Earth will
evolve one way and Mars will evolve
completely with robots they'll just
build some more of themselves and say
you know what we could use a few more
extra robots and then just build their
own up there I don't know probably it
would be too hard to get the parts to
build your own robot but I like thinking
about it I like thinking about a robot
Planet Maybe
well according
to uh reports we're seeing this in the
Gateway pundit apparently gas prices are
now below $3 in 31
States not my
state I'm still over $5 of course
because California's got crazy taxes on
top of the the gas and whatever else but
uh yeah it's it's like a new low at
least a recent low so the national
average price per a gallon of regular
gas on is sat at
$37 according to
triaa now that's pretty
good I haven't seen you know in
California like I say our gas is always
twice as expensive so the last time I
saw $3 a
gallon that was a long time
ago a lot longer than you if you're in
one of these States is already sing at
$3 anyway the US Postal Service has
agreed to work with Doge to uh figure
out how to get more efficient Epic Times
is reporting that um it looks like
they're going to cut 10,000 workers and
they're going to try to figure out how
to how to stop doing all the crazy
things that weren't
economical but did you realize that the
post office was losing 100 to $200
billion a year
does that even seem sound like it could
be real you know given the size of our
deficit you don't think the easiest
thing to fix would be to get the post
office not to need any
more uh
subsidies I I feel like all the other
shipping companies make money FedEx
makes
money you know UPS makes
money um I just don't see the reason for
AOS post office anymore and you know I
heard a lot of people say that they they
take their mail directly to the garbage
and sort of stand over it and drop most
of it in the garbage and keep the one
bill or something that came to you but
uh I have a rule that I won't let mail
in my
house the ugliest thing you can do to
your own house is have a place usually
in the kitchen where where people drop
the mail
and that it just becomes a pile of
garbage it's literally just a pile of
garbage so I set up a station in my
garage so that when I go to the mailbox
and come back I've got a little sorting
area in the garage that you know is less
of a mess than if it were in a house and
it's right next to the
garbage so I basically put all of it in
the garbage now how hard would it
be for the post office to say you know
what we're not even going to deliver any
first class mail anymore we're just not
going to do
it um and then just say if you want to
see it you have to go online or look at
it on your phone or
something um maybe maybe the right
solution is just not to have a post
office maybe well in other news Bill bur
the comedian is a freaking idiot um he
was on The Breakfast Club now this was
weeks ago in February I guess but I just
saw the clip and apparently he actually
believes that musk intentionally gave a
Nazi
salute at that
event now he sold it to me like he
really believes it and I'm so tired of
arguing well you know uh maybe you saw a
clip that was out of context or you know
maybe maybe the news said so so you
believe it I I can't do it anymore
you're a freaking idiot if you you think
that anybody in America any public
figure if you think that anybody whether
it's musk or Trump anybody if you think
that they got on stage and gave a Nazi
salute you're so
dumb that I just need to mock you you
are so dumb you you should never talk
about politics again that is way below
the basic line of understanding anything
about the world if you think that really
happened in the real world do you think
he believed the fine people hoax of
course he did do you think he belied the
drinking bleach hoax of course he did do
you think he believe the Russia
collusion hoax of course he
did you know I've always been a big fan
of his comedy but man some people
shouldn't talk in public and if they do
they have to get mocked so I'm so done
with arguing why oh it's you know it's
uh two movies on one screen people are
getting different news so so of course
they believe different things because
they watch different news no that's not
the problem the problem is you didn't
need to see any news broadcast to know
that was not a Nazi salute because who
would do that there's nobody in the
whole world who would do that and
certainly not if you're winning so hard
you're the richest person in the world
you're not going to do that nobody ever
you're a freaking idiot just
absolute turd for brains I I mean I
there's no way to even I can't even have
a conversation with somebody that dumb
wow I mean it's just shockingly stupid
and I'm so done acting like it's
anything but just stupid and we we have
to mock that much more mercilessly
so that's the
beginning so you all know Robbie
Starbuck um activist he's been going
after a lot of Dei in
companies and uh Bloomberg wanted to do
a article on him and uh I guess the
reporter who was a the journalist maybe
I don't know reporter journalist
writer um asked him why why is that
women earn 30% less than men
you know if everything's kind of equal
why do women earn so much less than
men
again it's
2025 how could you be so stupid to think
that that's a true statistic so what
Robbie Starbuck did was explain to her
well actually there's not really much of
a measurable difference if you account
for years worked hours worked and and
selection of
jobs if you if you just normalize it for
yeah how many years you worked and you
normalize it for the same job it just
disappears so it's actually never been
true well hasn't been true since now
decades that there was a difference in
the uh way you got paid for the same
amount of work or the same job and the
reporter of course did not believe that
and went off to fact check it
what do you think
happened when the journalist fact
checked it found out that he was
completely right and actually wrote that
and actually you know showed that if you
account for the the hours work and the
difference in jobs it's about the same
now uh I heard one of the people in the
comments I saw an a uh gave a great
explanation if you want to have you know
one way to remember it
and it was somebody who worked at a
hospital I guess and said that among the
doctors there was something like a
22% greater pay for the male doctors
compared to the females now if you only
heard that would you say to yourself my
God those sexists they're giving less
money to female doctors now the male
doctors tended to be surgeons and
high-paying types of medical
professional
the women likeed to be maybe in
Pediatrics or lower paying jobs it was
entirely their own selection there was
nothing stopping the women from being
surgeons and there was nothing stopping
the men from being you know more in the
lower pay jobs it's just that that's
what they picked so that's the entire
explanation but what's funny is uh and I
I had to give uh Robbie a little warning
might be too late but Bloomberg is a
Democrat um basically
assassin and back in it might have been
2017 I don't know the exact year so when
I was becoming notable for supporting
Trump a Bloomberg um Bloomberg wanted to
send a writer who was who was a woman
also maybe the same one I don't know
um and they wanted to do a feature about
me and I thought to myself why not I
mean what what do I have to lose so the
uh the Bloomberg journalist followed me
around for a day asked lots of questions
and then went off and wrote just the
worst hit
piece and then I realized what the game
was the game was to have the biggest
publication like a famous one like
Bloomberg write a terribly negative
piece and then anytime you searched for
my name guess what came out first every
freaking time that's right the Bloomberg
piece would come out first so here here
what had actually happened is I had gone
from not being a political pundit
whatsoever to having the best call ever
about Trump you know and describing his
persuasion ability which now everybody
understands I I was literally changing
the way politics was seen in the United
States which by the way if you ask AI it
will tell you I change the way politics
are viewed in the United States to more
of a persuasion filter and less of a
policy filter which is true so instead
of writing about that they wrote this
HIIT piece they just sat at the top of
all the search
results absolutely disgusting beh
Behavior by not just the search engines
but Bloomberg and I'm pretty sure that's
what the game is here with Robbie starbu
because Starbuck has been super
successful in getting companies to back
down on
Dei I think he's just being targeted and
I think that the game is exactly the
same that if Bloomberg can become the
sort of most prominent recent big major
publication he's going to whatever they
say about him and it surely won't be
accurate um will pop up first in the
search results I think that's the game
God I hate them Bloomberg just
sucks and uh but the thing I like to
think about the uh the woman who didn't
know that women do do earn as much as
men and actually I think I think if
you're looking at black women with
college degrees I believe they actually
make more than men for their first jobs
so they're doing great actually
um something in my
eye so I always like to end this that
what do they find out about climate
models I'm done arguing that humans can
measure the temperature of the earth
over decades and do climate models that
predict the future that's just stupid
like I'm tired of acting like I need to
defend that point of view I'll just say
this wait until you find out because
you're definitely going to find out it's
going to be like the same day you learn
that men and women actually do earn the
same when they do the same work and
choose the same
careers so big surprises coming for some
people meanwhile the hill the hill is
reporting that uh I guess the education
department is going to look into about
50 colleges and universities who are
still doing racial preferences in
anything from academics or
scholarships so that would be illegal
because that would be racist it's not
legal to be racist and you know and uh
do that sort of thing so this is part of
the Trump Crackdown of
Dei so good it's exactly what I I want
to hear I want to hear that they're not
going to allow them to just change the
names and you know shift people around
and then just do the same racist
 they were doing before so yes
colleges and universities seem to be
absolutely totally racist at the moment
but some of them are some of them are
shaping
up uh you probably saw the news that
Trump went to Department of Justice
which is unusual and gave a speech
there and you not be surprised he had
some
grievances and then he also had some
accomplishments he talked about and he
said some good things about some of the
people but not all of them uh but here
are some of the some of the news he made
he said I believe CNN and MSNBC are
political arms of the democratic party
and they are really corrupt and
illegal now you might argue that it's
not
illegal uh but then he goes on and this
is where his argument gets pretty good
now whether it's technically illegal you
know a reasonable person can say it's
more like Free Speech but he says these
networks and uh these newspapers are
really no different than a highly paid
political operative and it has to stop
it has to be illegal I don't know if it
has to be but uh and he says here's
here's the payoff he says it's
influencing judges and it's really
changing law and it just cannot be legal
to which I said oh damn I didn't think
he was going to sway me on this because
my first thought was well you know
freedom of speech you know all the news
programs have a bias you know you can't
really do much about it it's just
something we have to live with and then
I thought how much it
affected his freedom if he had not won
the presidency he would have been put in
jail by judge Judes who believe the news
was
real let me say it again he would have
been put in jail by judges who believe
the news is
real the gullible ones the dumb ones you
know the the billur of Judges if they
thought that he's a really Hiller you
don't think that makes a difference in
their decisions of course it
does so if you have judges who are
clearly being influenced
clearly I mean just obviously being
influenced by what they think is real
news that is a
problem and it's well beyond Free Speech
because Free Speech doesn't put you in
jail for life this would the the
collusion of the you know Democrat
leaning press could have put Trump in
jail for the rest of his life so does he
have a good reason to say this can't be
illegal he does does I think it I think
it is
illegal um and I don't know how we could
make it illegal but boy does he have a
good point you know if it weren't him
speaking it just wouldn't seem that
persuasive but we all watched and we all
watched the lawfare and the you know the
the bad
behavior and we know that that could
have put him in jail for the rest of his
life you know only by winning did he
avoid
that
so yeah he has a
point um now of course the problem would
be that somebody's going to say but but
but what about Fox News and Breitbart
you know they they're leaning the other
way well that's why the Free Speech
argument probably is going to win
because you really couldn't criminalize
it but he's got a good point it's
dangerous dangerous stuff to some
people um he also said uh Trump did at
the
doj um he said that uh it was a great
honor for me to fire I will tell you
this a great honor to fire James Comey a
great great honor there was no better
[Laughter]
day but again because he thought he got
lawed and he did but here's where it
gets interesting so on CNN Jake Tapper
was uh talking to one of the panelists
that Scott Jennings is always dunking on
so they've got a new Dumb woman um I I
think they Heir somebody who's like
extra crazy and dumb so I don't even
know her name and I don't want to learn
it because she's just dumb but so Jake
Tapper is talking to the dumb woman and
he says and this was unusual so I'm
going to give Jake credit for this he
said that you don't have to be
magga to see that Trump has some he has
a point
and then Jake listed several things in
which yeah it does look a little law
fairy so he mentioned the struck and
page texts that look really suspicious
he mentioned the fisa abuses correct he
he mentioned the weirdness with the
Carter page stuff in other words running
an OP to try to you know get Trump they
mentioned the Alvin brag situation where
he basically made up a felony out of
nothing now these are things that Jake
Tapper mentioned off the top of his
head that you know even from the
perspective of CNN these look law
fairy and and I appreciated that so what
did the dumb woman say did the dumb
woman say oh yeah actually that's a
pretty good point I could see from
Trump's point of view that he'd really
feel like the law fair was out of
control and you and you gave me some
good examples no
she started talking about Jack Smith and
how Jack Smith would have gotten his
convictions according to Jack Smith if
Trump hadn't won the election now first
of all I'm pretty sure that the Jack
Smith stuff was complete too
but when she was done
talking again to Jake tapper's credit he
says you know I just want to point out
to the
audience that your answer was a complete
change of topic and you didn't address
any of the things that I just
mentioned so not
only did CNN hire a woman so dumb that
we enjoy watching Scott Jennings dunk on
her but
you even Jake Tapper had to dunk on her
because she was so stupid I can't
imagine she's going to keep her job I
mean she's she's just
extra anyway um according to the New
York Post
uh today there's lotss of funny news
about Democrats uh the New York Post
said that uh when MSNBC was planning to
do their big layoffs that included you
know Joy Reed and a number of other
people being moved around that they
wrote it all up in a document and then
they left us somewhere where before the
firings happened uh one of the one of
the employees found the list of all the
people were going to get fired and then
distributed the list around so the
people the this high paid Talent at
msnpc
uh they all learned in their firing by
this document that somebody left uh and
I think Joy Reed actually found out she
was going to be fired from an article in
the New York
Times
so here here's the fun
part a big part of what MSNBC does is
they say that Trump and the Trump
Administration are full of chaos and you
know they they can't
execute and then you see that their own
Corporation just did some of the most
incompetent things you've ever seen in
your life you you can't do much worse
than having a master plan to fire people
and leaving it around where one of the
employees can find it that's uh that's
right near the top of incompetent
management but uh it's fun
so as long as it's funny it's worth
something so uh Chris Cuomo on news
Nation um he was calling out Pelosi as
basically a I'll use my own word but
basically a liar um because Pelosi was
saying that the continued resolution was
going to destroy the world in a variety
of vague ways and and quoma was like
reading reading Pelosi's statement and
it was stuff like and this will ruin
that and Chris is like how how how is it
going to ruin that and it will be
terrible for this and Chris says how in
what way is I going to be terrible for
that and it will be a debacle in many
ways and Chris says
how how in the world and then he
explains which most of you already know
that the continuing resolution which is
the budget is just a continuation from
the Biden budget with very minor tweaks
not you know barely enough worth
mentioning so it's basically the same
level as it was and almost the same
funding I mean just very small changes
so he basically just completely called
around for
being essentially just a propagandist
who is creating
nothing uh creating something out a
nothing so that was good now um there
there's sort of a larger thing that's
happening which is that the best way for
any Democrat to get any attention is to
criticize another Democrat if you notice
that we'll give you more examples as we
go anyway uh there's a prominent uh
polling company according to the Western
Journal that's going to close down let's
see it was uh Monmouth Monmouth
University um they've got their own
polling so the Monmouth University
polling Institute has been operating
since 2005 but they decided to closeup
shop um now they were not exactly one of
your most accurate pollsters lately less
certainly for presidential stuff uh they
were in 2024 election about uh you know
Trump um they were off by nearly Le six
percentage
points
now that's really off so they're just
going to close up so now we've heard
that 538 is closed we heard that uh
these guys are closing and wasn't there
another story just the other day where
another polling company was closing and
then there was that Ann Selzer poll that
came out of uh there was such an outlier
during the last weeks of the election
and that looks you know it's not I don't
think it's closed but sort of
disgraced so it's really a bad year for
polling companies I think the the truth
about what they really are meant to do
sort of coming out but it makes me
wonder was was the Monmouth University
polling Institute ever
real were were they just bad at what
they do so they didn't get good results
or is it a complete coincidence that
they were bad in the direction that
propaganda would want them to be bad at
you know to act like the other side's
going to win I don't know I don't know
if they were always
bad or if they just had a bad year but
they're out of business
now um the hill is talking about yet
another poll this is a CNN poll uh
conducted by by
SSRS and it found that 59% of
respondents uh disapprove of Trump's
handling of relations with
Moscow now how many of those people they
asked are experts at negotiating and
persuasion probably none so what do
their opinions mean to
us you it would be like asking these
people what is your opinion of uh
quantum
science you know quantum computers and
99% of the people say I I don't even
know what it is so I don't like
it why is the point of asking people
what their opinion is on topics that
they couldn't possibly understand now if
you know anything about negotiating and
anything about persuasion you know that
both Putin and Trump are sort of you
know building or they're working on each
other's egos they're doing it right
public so we can watch the whole show
but you're not supposed to think that
everything Trump says is some kind of an
expression of his inner thoughts he's
negotiating so treating the other side a
little bit better than you think they
should be treated is doing the right
thing so if you ask a bunch of people
what they think about it you're just
getting idiots who don't understand the
situation giving you idiot takes what is
the point of that poll is the point of
that poll to just make Trump look
bad like I can't imagine why you would
even ask that question because you know
people don't understand how negotiating
and persuasion
works and then uh here's another one so
according to the economist yug poll uh
nearly half of Americans said the
economy is worsening really uh is that
all the the people who are also
economists
why would you ask the
public about the state of the
economy especially during this time of
great you know change when they don't
understand tariffs they don't understand
the national debt they don't understand
inflation the the least useful thing I
could think of is asking people who
don't know anything about economics what
is their opinion of the
economy it's a complete waste of time
unless unless the point of it is to make
Trump look bad so when I see stuff like
this I say to myself did they really
think this needed to be asked like
people who don't understand economics we
want their opinion on
economics why would that be well
probably for political
reasons I saw a uh a video by a teacher
I just changing the topic here who said
that uh if you're blaming teachers for
what's happening in schools which is
kids are not learning um that she wanted
to inform us that it's actually the
kids and she says that mostly because of
smartphones and you know dopamine uh
dopamine um always juicing them up so
that when they get to school there's
nothing interesting and they're they're
basically like addicts so she says the
kids have just vacant eyes that it looks
like they're not even there she says
they have no no ability to be
bored um and because they're having
dopamine withdrawal without their phones
that they behave like addicts so they
get emotional and impatient and they're
not engaged and they have apathy and
apparently they seem immune to
punishment and also immune to you know
you're not going to get good grades I
don't they don't care and uh they don't
care about
college do you buy
that do you think the problem is that
the kids are ruined either by some
combination of home life plus the phones
and do you think that the teachers are
largely helpless because they're not
even looking at like functioning people
it's like the entire class is just drunk
or something something right and um I
thought this was worth a mention because
you know I always mention the teachers
unions are the reason things are going
wrong but I kind of think it's got to be
both it's got to be something the
teachers could do better which means
they might need to adjust from the way
they used to do things to you got to
make it a lot more interesting if it's
not a lot more interesting well you
don't have a chance cuz you're competing
with more
interesting so I think I'm half I'm half
convinced so I do think that better
teachers would make a big
difference but I do think it's the
hardest environment that teachers have
ever seen so again I say if you had more
of a free market for teachers where the
bad ones could get Fir and the good ones
can you make more money and be
promoted that and that's that's what the
teachers union prevents you know
prevents any kind of free market like
that so I think it's both better
teachers would make a difference but
yeah the the kids are in a whole
different realm at the moment speaking
of schools uh Mark Andre was on Lex
Friedman's podcast and he explained
something that I didn't know at
all uh and it gets to why colleges and
universities are so
bad and apparently the bigger
institutions
especially um they make most of their
money not from tuition but from
Government research grants the school
keeps about 70% of what they get from
the government so they're basically like
government funded even though they might
be private colleges as long as they're
getting a bunch of government funding
for their quote research and most of it
just goes to the school not the
researcher that this is the basically
what keeps them in in business now you
might say to yourself well it seems like
competition would fix any problems at
the college and university level right
you know there there's got to be
colleges that are doing everything you
want them to do so you know everybody
will start going there but what uh Andre
points
out uh is that if you wanted to start a
new college you'd have to be accredited
now who do you think does the
accrediting this will blow your mind
well it's sort of the I don't know the
government or some entity but they they
base their decisions on the colleges
themselves deciding if if they should
let competition
in that's a real thing apparently the
colleges themselves the existing
colleges get to decide if a new College
can be
accredited and the new college would be
competition for their their research
grants so the last thing that the
existing colleges want is more
colleges so the the free market just
doesn't work they're basically dependent
on the
government and Andre says the only way
to fix it is to let the colleges fail
now that would probably he didn't say
this I don't think but that would
require the government to stop giving
grants for
research or maybe give a lot fewer of
them and then the universities would
just fail and then you could start over
so you know start over without Dei and
without all the the crazy stuff because
colleges universities seem to have they
act like they're not part of the free
market and I always wondered about that
it's like why do they why do they act
like they're not part of the free market
at all that they could just do anything
they want and the answer is they weren't
part of the free market so they could do
anything they wanted they had monopolies
on the government's money basically so
maybe that's something that a trump
Administration can fix we'll
see as you know there number of uh
conservative personalities have been
swatted the latest one is uh shaan
farash he's a trump
impersonator though he and his wife got
swatted Jim Hof is writing about this in
the Gateway
pundit and
uh once again the middle of the night
Law Officers were were uh
dispatched so be careful out there um
the bad guys are very
bad in good news there's a an appeals
court Has Lifted the injunctions on uh
Trump's executive orders aimed at
eliminating Dei there were two of them
and the B the appeals court basically
said that they were going to overturn
the lower court that put a pause on it
and so now he can uh you can basically
keep going after Dei so that's good
news
um in other good news uh Trump has
announced that the US got rid of some
big Isis leader in Iraq and maybe the
number two yeah the top guy in the
second in command and they got him with
a precision air
strike so uh Trump called him The
Fugitive leader of Isis in Iraq the
gayway pundit writing about that
and how many times have we seen the
leader of some terrorist organization
getting waxed and it never seems to make
any difference
but I but I always tell you that um I
think there's a natural way that these
organizations
disintegrate and it starts with the fact
that whoever was the charismatic genius
who started the
organization once they're gone you have
to hope that their number two is a
charismatic genius who's as good at
organizing as the first one but the odds
are against it and then you get rid of
the second best person and now the odds
of the third best person having the
personality and the skills to keep the
organization together much lower so
there's some number of assassinations
that guarantee that whoever's left is
incompetent and then they'll just
destroy it on themselves on their own so
maybe we're getting close to that
because there's no way that you know the
fifth or 10th best leader was the same
quality as whoever got it going in the
first place not not much chance of
that anyway uh PJ media Scott Piner is
writing that uh hakee
jeffre uh he's
telling he's telling Democrats that
they're winning and uh we have the
Republicans on the
run really does any of the news today
sound like the Republicans are on the
Run
I've never seen the Republicans in a
stronger position in my life the
Republicans are in the absolute dominant
position about just about
everything but then he gives examples he
says uh we have the Republicans on the
Run uh we have them on the run in terms
of health care particularly as it
relates to
Medicaid and and apparently he thinks or
he wants you to believe
uh that Medicaid is going to be deeply
cut and the Democrats are protecting it
now correct me if I'm wrong that's
completely not true right I believe in
terms of the
benefits in terms of Medicaid there's no
intention of cutting the benefits there
is an intention to see if there's any
waste Fraud and Abuse and if that's true
who wouldn't want to cut that so it
looks like their best topic you know the
the one thing that the Democrats have to
cling to looks completely made up it's a
hoax just like everything else that they
tried to sell it's just a hoax now do
you think that they could sell that
hoax without CNN and MSNBC and the other
the other entities that will parir at
what they say I don't know that would be
a hard one to sell cuz
you know I'll take a fact check on this
but I'm pretty sure it's just completely
made up you know like the fine people
hoax like the you know musk uh Hitler
salute that didn't really happen like
the drinking bleach like the Russia
collusion they are so
consistent that the best they can come
up with to criticize the co the party of
Common
Sense is to make stuff up and looks like
the fake Medicaid cuts are going to be
the thing they made up meanwhile bre bar
news is reporting that uh Maxine Waters
is accusing Trump of starting of trying
to start a Civil War uh by not sending
grant money to
nonprofits is anybody worried about the
Civil War because they didn't send grant
money to nonprofits you know the
NGS no I don't think so but I love the
fact that the the faces of the Democrat
Party are Maxine
Waters uh
Schumer Bernie
Sanders Nancy
Pelosi boy they have they have a
Charisma a Charisma Gap that's just a
mile long and deep it's the worst
Charisma Gap you've ever
seen meanwhile Bernie Sanders is going
to team up with AOC and they're they're
going to take their what's called their
fighting the
oligarchy rally so they're going to do
rallies but
here's if it if they couldn't find a way
to be more pathetic than fighting the
oligarchy you know something that their
their base doesn't even know what the
word means literally doesn't know what
the word means by the way did you hear
that Federman said the same thing I did
so Federman was mocking them for going
after the oligarchy he said exactly what
I said it's like people don't even know
what that word means like talk like
regular people but no they're going to
do a a bunch of events to fight the
oligarchy but it gets better they're
advising their
[Laughter]
support
they're they're advising their
supporters to mask up and wear masks
during the rally and not to hide their
shame but rather
to to be medically safe now could
they this this is their best play of the
week their best play of the
week is to fight the
oligarchy
with with masks
on oh my
meanwhile
uh according to uh Paul Paul holwood uh
there's this Doctor dror Peter rid who's
been studying the data on the uh climate
change and the Great Barrier Reef do you
remember how the Great Barrier Reef was
all going to disappear because of
climate
change do you know what the problem
was using the wrong
data turns out the Great Barrier Reef
yeah it's
[Laughter]
fine that whole Great Barrier Reef
totally made
up it's doing fine no problem at all
with a
[Laughter]
great now the thing that I'm laughing
about is the level of patheticness and
bad luck that that Democrats are having
it's now completely just in the humorous
stage because it's not like it's a fair
fight at this point it's really just
flailing and and
Ridiculousness uh but yeah so one of the
biggest claims of climate science
totally debunked totally
debunked wait until they find out about
the climate models I keep
saying anyway so here's a little update
on the uh what I call the Democrats
circling the drain all right it was just
a little
rundown uh they're messaging this is my
own take on their messaging is the
oligarchs are e kleptocrats trying to
steal your
democracy the oligarchs are kleptocrats
trying to steal your
democracy that that's The
Punchy
relatable The Punchy relatable theme
that they're going for and I'm thinking
to myself if you held a contest to come
up with the worst theme
would it look different than the
oligarchs or E kleptocrats trying to
steal your
democracy that is the most pathetic
thing uh you'll ever see in politics uh
and meanwhile like I said the the faces
of the party are these oldsters who have
completely lost their fast balls you
know the Schumer and Maxine Waters the
peles um and at this point the only way
that Democrats can get attention is by
criticizing
Democrats so think about it uh
fedman criticized Democrats got a lot of
attention Carville criticized Democrats
got a lot of attention Bill Mah
criticized Democrats got a lot of
attention now fedman according to the
hill fedman is clapping back at AOC over
Government funding so that's fedman
versus AOC and then you've got Pelosi
and uh uh who's the other guy who's
who's mad at Schumer that's also
according to the hill so everybody's mad
at each other in the Democrat Party um
then then we have some video that was
recently uncovered of Barack Obama
introducing his own version of
Doge did you even know that he did that
I think I think he put Biden in charge
of
it so back in uh Obama's time they tried
to get rid of the waste Fraud and Abuse
and Obama you know kicked off a whole
that as far as I know accomplished
nothing at all now compare that Obama
kicking off an effort to get rid of
waste and abuse and I didn't even know
what happened like it's definitely not
under list of
accomplishments uh then compare it to
Doge which is you know just driving a
stake Into the Heart of the waste Fraud
and Abuse big
difference um
and then we all see that uh the
Democrats very recently used to say that
uh closing the government because of uh
you know the
budget um would be like the worst thing
you could ever do and then suddenly
they're in favor of it it went from the
worst thing you could ever do to yeah
that that'd be a good idea Pelosi wants
to close it Schumer didn't so I think
that's over with because um the
continuing resolution did actually
pass
um then let's see what else uh then CNBC
is reporting that Amazon Google and meta
three companies You' think sort of lean
Democrat although it's not so clear at
the moment but it used to um they all
support efforts to Triple nuclear energy
worldwide by 2050 now of course they
need that for their own operations and
for AI and all that but do you remember
when one of the biggest reasons that
Democrats were a party was to oppose
nuclear
power it was one of the biggest things
that the left did opposing nuclear
energy and now the richest people in
their party the ones who know the most
the ones who know the most about
business are all saying we better do a
lot of this nuclear energy so it's like
an entire pillar
on the left is gone so so the their
belief in climate change is is being
chipped away you know a little bit at a
time it's like you know the the the
Greenland temperatures didn't change
that
much and by the way that great Global
Reef
um the the coral reefs look fine you
know it it's sort of like the cats on
the roof you know nuclear energy would
be fine uh what about all that waste
well you can just store it at the site
and it's not really a big deal to just
put it in a barrel it'll be fine it's
like everything they believe is just
falling apart at the same
time all
right and then there's a uh
investigation by the Free Press that
finds that uh the Trump resistance as
it's been called is being funded by the
ultra wealthy
Democrats so at the same time they
Bernie and a
are going after the
oligarchs their own oligarchs are
funding this massive dark Money Network
um it's being funded by you know
Arabella advisors uh funded by Bill
Gates and Reed Hoffman and George Soros
and Pierre amadar from one of the eBay
Founders and uh there's an organiz the
organization is families over
billionaires
the the
billionaires the billionaires are
funding something called families over
billionaires so they're pretending that
they don't have an oligarchy or no
oligarchs or no kleptocrats on their
side but the oligarchy kleptocrats
they're not kleptocrats but they're
oligarchies um they're they're secret
funding the most effective thing that's
happening on the Democrat side which is
you know anything that these B
billionaires are
funding so imagine being a Democrat and
waking up and finding that fighting the
billionaires just means that your own
billionaires are in
charge not exactly what they were
shooting for in uh potential good news
in science 94% of uh plastic can be
recycled in a few hours with this new
technique and it it breaks breaks down
let's see what is they use uh new
method they use an inexpensive catalyst
so that's good news but then they just
leave it outside for a bit and it just
completely breaks down and then I guess
they can reuse it so the whole uh
there's too much plastic in the world
might have a practical solution and it
might be really available so this is uh
written by
NDTV the reporting on that well you
probably know that Trump and Putin have
been talking about the ceasefire but the
ceasefire is not agreed
upon um but Putin is doing a thing that
I always talk about Trump doing and
remember my my frame on this is that
these are two of the best
persuaders um in the world and that uh
Putin has every been as much skill As
Trump he's not a trump so he's not he's
not you know as as good but in terms of
just the skills he has a whole toolbox
and one of the things I always talk
about that Trump does is you'll create
an asset and of
Nothing by just making something up and
acting like it's the most important
thing in the world and then suddenly the
other side finds themselves negotiating
over it and then he just he has
something to give away that he just
completely introduced out of nowhere and
Putin and works it's like good technique
and Putin is doing that so uh in the KK
region which is actually in Russia that
the ukrainians had conquered that little
region but the Russian forces have
recently surrounded the Ukrainian forces
there and and have the ability at this
point to completely destroy all of them
if if they decide to do it now Trump has
apparently asked Putin to not kill those
soldiers but Putin says and here's Putin
coming up with an asset and a nothing so
suddenly when you didn't know that this
would even be one of the questions
relative to the ceasefire suddenly Putin
has introduced the idea that the people
who are surrounded are basically
terrorists and they've done terrible
things to civilians and they they all
they all deserve to be dead and uh
except for Trump asking him he was
planning to kill them all just in a
military
sense and then he says that because
Trump asked and he he says that's the
reason because Trump asked he's willing
to offer that if they surrender and put
down their weapons um he will keep them
alive but as prisoners it looks like so
not free but as prisoners now if he
kepts if he keeps them as
prisoners again he's created another
asset because Ukraine will say but but
but you have to release all our
prisoners and Putin will say well what
do I get what do I get in return
so keep in mind when I talk about Putin
doing a good job in negotiating it's not
because I'm Pro Putin yes I know he's a
dictator yes I know we can't trust him
yes I know he's a shark and I know he's
killed people and blah blah blah blah
all right we all know that I'm just
saying that if you watch their game you
know Trump versus Putin you going to
learn a lot about how to negotiate and
Putin has successfully created something
that he knows Trump wants which is to
save the lives of those soldiers and now
he has something to
trade it's pretty good work on Putin's
part now he doesn't go all the way to
okay since you asked I'll just free them
if they if they put down their weapons
they can just Retreat back into um
Ukraine and then we'll have a ceasefire
he could have said that but that would
not give him a tool it wouldn't give him
an asset so instead he says oh if they
if they surrender I promise they'll be
treated
humanely but as prisoners
forever and that's the asset he's got
something to trade now very
clever so we'll see where this goes um
Trump seems to think there's some
optimism I don't think anything happens
as quickly as you want it to there's
going to be a lot of chatting about
where this goes so we might be talking
months uh even if they're you know
deeply engaged in talking every day it
could still take months but it does look
like it's going to happen to me all the
signs are pointing toward all entities
want to stop the war at this point so
that that sort of suggests it's going to
happen all
right and
then
um apparently Trump has ordered the
military to draw plans to militarily
retake the Panama Canal the daily wires
reporting on this Ryan
cedra um and the the goal is to to two I
guess it's two
parts one is to get the economic
advantage of owning it and the other is
to keep China from owning it or having
too much control over it so but here's
what I would say about this first of all
It's Not Unusual to ask the military to
have a contingency plan it doesn't mean
you're going to use them but if you're
Panama and you knew that the military
had drawn up a plan to take over the
canal don't you think you'd get really
serious about negotiating at that
point so again this is Trump creating an
asset out of
nothing so if all he' ever did was say
we really want that Panama Canal why
don't you give it to
us what's he have there there's nothing
to trade there's no leverage there's no
nothing but as soon as he lets it be
known and by the way why' they let it be
known is is it common you would leak
that the military is preparing for a
military
operation it seems like it it must have
been intentionally leaked right or
announced not even leaked so obviously
they want uh Panama to think that the
American Military might be on their
doorstep really soon but we'd prefer
negotiating see doesn't it look just
like
Putin in each case they created an asset
and a
nothing and then they use it to
negotiate it it it's a good trick it's a
very good trick but I'm going to put one
more uh wrinkle on
this Trump has plans Beyond
Panama he would uh love to have some
kind of deeper control over
Greenland and as you famously know he'd
kind of like Canada to be a state now
I'm not could put odds on that last one
the odds of Canada becoming a state
that'd be hard to bet on but on the
other hand betting against Trump's
persuasive
skills is a pretty dangerous bet so even
though I can't see a way for it to
happen like my imagination isn't good
enough to to see how Canada ever becomes
a
state
um I could be wrong but here's why the
Panama thing is so
important imagine if you will that
without firing a shot he succeeds in
resting control of the Panama Canal away
from China's influence in
Panama's what if he pulls it
off the the correct order to do things
would be Panama first if you think you
could get a fast
win how differently would you think
about
Greenland if you knew that he had
succeeded in
Panama now do you see the
play the the thing that Doge did was get
some quick wins so that your impression
of Doge is wow they get stuff done look
at those quick
wins quick wins are really
influential um I talk about the new CEO
move where if you're the new CEO you
want to go in and like really make some
big changes right away because then
people think you're the one who makes
big changes so that that becomes your
first
impression so since we all know that uh
Trump is looking at Panama Greenland and
and
Canada if he could pull off a quick win
without firing a shot ideally in
Panama how would that make you think
about
Greenland a little different right
because you'd say to yourself okay I
didn't think he was really going to do
this with
Panama and then all the people in
Greenland are going to say um I wonder
if he has a military plan drawn up about
Greenland
maybe not saying yes not saying we
don't but I will say that Greenland is
strategically
vital and it doesn't have a military
and he really wants it for the benefit
of both Greenland and you know the
entire
continent
so so do so do you see the importance of
doing a quick one that works and Panama
would be the one that if you're going to
do something quick that works that would
be the one it would be the the lowest
degree of complication if it worked at
all right so but I think the full weight
of the US
military should be plenty of
pressure so I feel like he's going to
get away with
Panama and then Greenland is going to
say um can we talk yeah maybe we should
talk yeah yeah it seemed like a bad idea
before but we don't want you to come in
and just take it so wouldn't it be
better if we
negotiated wouldn't
it now
if he could manage to pull off Greenland
which I think is a stretch but doable
doable I just don't think it's you know
if were anybody else I'd say it's just
not
doable but Trump does have a way of
making the
undoable work I mean it's almost his his
brand making the undoable work he's got
a long history of doing exactly that so
imagine if he pulled off green
land after pulling off
Panama and then you're sitting up in
Canada and you say to yourself uh I
really didn't think he'd pull off Panama
and then I really didn't think he'd pull
off
Greenland and I also didn't think that
Canada would ever be a
state but it sure would save us a lot of
money so you know he's working on
people's
brains as well as you know their fears
their their needs and uh it's kind of
clever to do Panama first and to let it
be leaked that there's a
military plan to take it so very
clever all right New York Post is
reporting that uh there are billions of
cicas you know those bugs in New York
New Jersey and 11 other states and
they're about to come at their 177e long
hibernation and get and they're going to
be uh making a screaming noisy mating
call which could be louder than a Jets
engine now I assume that means
collectively not per Circ because if one
cicada could be as loud as a jet engine
I don't think you'd want to live in New
Jersey or New York uh in May that's when
it's likely to happen and uh so that's
happening going to be a lot of cicos now
as you know the world economic Forum
wants you to eat bugs so uh well maybe
this
is oh forget it no don't eat the
cicas I'm sure they're delicious but
don't do it all right that's all I've
got for today um reminder that Owen
Gregorian is going to do a spaces any
minute now he's probably getting ready
to fire it up that's on a and it doesn't
cost anything you just have to go to
Owen gregorian's site just do a search
you'll find him and uh you'll see where
to click to get into that spaces and you
can do a
follow-up conversation based on anything
we talked about today or anything
relevant that's fun I
guess uh I usually listen to it while
I'm making myself breakfast after the
show so I I will definitely be dipping
in but usually
anonymously um just so I don't take
attention away and uh I'll say a few
words to the locals people but I don't
want to keep you from uh Owen spaces so
we'll keep it short those of you on
YouTube and Rumble and X thanks for
joining we'll see you same time
tomorrow and locals I'll only be here
for a
sip
e
e
e e