doo-doo-doo bum bum bum hey everybody
it's the weekend unless you're watching
this on replay and then it might be well
any time at all
and those of you who are getting here
early you know the advantage of being
early yeah it's a simultaneous imp a lot
of people come late and they say to
themselves something's missing
I like the periscope but I feel an
emptiness that's because they were here
for the simultaneous sip grab your
beverage and get ready because here it
comes
the simultaneous up that's good coffee
okay so the whole darn world is blowing
up about the children who are being kept
in cages now when you hear something as
bad as that children being kept in cages
you say to yourself this this is a
problem and when I talk about the
children kept in cages of course I'm
talking and not about the illegal
immigrants the children kept in cages
are the anti-trump errs because have you
noticed that the anti-trump errs seem to
be in sort of a weird mental cage that
they can't get out of and in their
little mental cage there's all kinds of
stuff happening that isn't really
happening anywhere else except in the
cage for example if you're in the
Democrats little mental cage you might
see that the Trump administration is
putting children coming across the
border in cages apparently their news is
telling them something like that is
happening now nobody is delighted
that parents and children are separated
at the border in some cases apparently
if they come through the normal entry
points that doesn't happen but in many
cases it is it is happening and when I
say children in cages and when I talk
about the Democrats who are the anti
choppers the reason I call them children
is that there there's a way children
think and it goes like this
mom I don't think I need to go to school
and the parents being complicated
thinkers say no school is unpleasant but
you have to do it because your life will
be better if you go to school and the
child says but I don't like school and
the parent says no wait a minute you're
only looking at part of the equation
you're looking at the child part where
you don't like school that's just part
of it I know you don't like school but
the bigger picture is if you go to
school your life will be better and the
child says but I don't like school so
that's child thinking an inability to
see the whole picture they just see
their little part so when you see people
arguing about the children being ripped
from their parents nobody likes that
is there any Trump supporter who says
yeah let's take children from parents I
mean there might be but I hope I never
missed hope I never meet that person but
the Trump supporters are saying well
there's a bigger picture taking children
from parents is terrible we all agree on
that part but what exactly is the
alternative do you put both the parents
and the adults in some kind of facility
well no that's worse
because then the kids get abused etc do
you let them just just let them go
well that's worse - because it would
encourage all kinds of families to come
up here and hey we just have to bring
the kid we can all just go free so that
doesn't work
there's the sending them back
immediately just pushing them over the
border and closing the door again but
that doesn't work they'll just come back
or or they'll be they'll be subject to
other crimes wants to push past across
the border so that doesn't work
so uh-huh yeah you can't let them go you
can't put them together in this in a
confinement what exactly is the
alternative so when you see the
anti-trump are talking about the
children in cages just be aware that
they are the children in the cages
they're in a little mental cage like
children because they can't suggest an
alternative to the thing they're
complaining about now the Trump
administration being in this situation
the parents the the Jeff sessions of the
trumps etc acting like parents are
saying you know what we also hate
separating children from parents and the
moment we come up with a better plan
we're going to do that we're going to be
all over it
we just need that better plan and we've
got some comprehensive immigration
immigration reform stuff that you could
sign tomorrow and it would end this
right away
so that's even if you don't like what
they're doing that is the parental
approach the anti-trump errs at least on
this topic are taking the child approach
the child approach is that all you're
looking at is the part you care about
and you you just ignore any other
considerations as a child does so but
that said
this attack on the Trump team is really
really good yet you know you know that I
like to separate the technique of
persuasion from the from the ethics of
it not because ethics don't count sam
harris they do count but they can be
looked at individually there's the tools
and then you know where the tools used
for a good or bad both important but you
can separate them for analysis and in
this case the anti-trump errs who are
using this children in cages approach
although it is completely fraudulent and
lacking in factual accuracy for the most
part especially if they're using the old
photographs from 2014 of children in
cages so although it's untrue and
misleading and out of context and they
could solve it tomorrow it's still
really effective and what is the key
takeaway in terms of why this completely
fraudulent approach is effective because
facts don't matter to persuasion it just
doesn't matter and the the poor Trump
supporters are left
arguing facts it's the losing position
the people arguing the facts are losing
all over the place because the Trump
supporters say wait a minute that photo
you're showing is old or they can get in
at the approved border places or it's
only six weeks and we're putting them in
good facilities you know they're not in
danger and we don't really have any
alternatives fact fact fact fact fact
fact total value in terms of persuasion
total value of all those facts zero zero
no persuasive power it just persuades
the people who were already persuaded
the people on the other side are saying
they're writing to me and and here's
what I was getting yesterday
so stop you remember you said in your
tweet two years ago that if Trump ever
did anything slightly Hitler ish you
would switch size and be against them so
what do you call putting children in
cages Hitler ich right have you switched
sides yet and there's absolutely nothing
I can do to that attack because it's not
it's not based on facts and so if I
present facts well you know I I don't
have any defense facts are useless in
this case it's not just this case it's
really every case you know the facts are
just not persuasive anywhere anytime now
you could argue that the people who are
doing this persuasion which is deeply
affective the fraudulent but deeply
effective are doing it for a higher good
they're trying to create a situation
that's better for the children etc but
it doesn't feel that way so you know I
do believe people want what's right for
the children but it feels like it's more
about Trump than the children doesn't it
yeah I don't want to be a mind-reader
and say that I can tell what's in their
mind but I'll just put that out there
does it look to you like the the driving
force is to save the children because
it's the same situation it's been for
for a while it doesn't feel like that
because if the driving the driving thing
was to save the children wouldn't they
have alternative suggestions such as hey
let me take some of those children I'll
take them into my house or let's start a
let's start a GoFundMe to create some
more nice facilities for the children
that maybe have the parents nearby or
can't we pass some legislation tomorrow
to put more funding into these
facilities so the parents and the
children can be you know at least close
to each other
those would look like caring about the
children but when you take the the
child's view which is hey there's only
one variable children in cages you're
not really trying to solve the problem
you're not really caring about the
children you're it's just an attack
you're using on the president now again
I'm not a mind reader so people could be
only caring about the children but if
they were it feels like they would act
differently did you do internment camps
yeah I suppose they are in internment
camps I mean you know it's sort of word
thinking what you call them they're
either you know detention centers or
processing centers or or jail or cages
but those words don't change what it is
ba-bum it's child abuse probably is it
is child abuse it is child abuse by the
parents who brought them here and put
them in that situation which is sort of
the point of what Jeff sessions is
saying I'm not a big Jeff Sessions fan
by the way in case you're wondering
but given that no one is presenting him
with functional options I have to ask
what people's motives are well we don't
really have to ask do we all right it's
against international law I would it be
against international law to just push
them back across the border that would
be legal right would there be any law
violated if somebody comes across
they're detained as a family and you
just open the open the fence back up and
just push him back and say nope
we're done that's legal alright so I
think you're right then it might be some
kind of violation of international law
but as far as I know it's because they
don't have a better option for the
children that also protects the border
which is something that they're not
going to sacrifice all right what else
we have going on I I felt exhausted last
week from all the news you know we're
watching the the OIG report you know
break the world into their two movies
again some of them say there's nothing
there
some of them say there's everything
there and of course there's enough in
there for everybody to draw their own
conclusions now the one thing that I've
told you consistently is that whenever a
situation is complicated that's those
are the ones that are easy to break into
two movies because the simpler the
situation the the more easy it is to see
that it's just a different difference of
opinion
but when you have complicated situations
people can just craft that complicated
situation into whatever they want to see
so you see that with anything from you
know trade agreements to you know to
immigration though they're complicated
enough that people can see whatever they
want I've been tweeting for the last day
or so examples of what I call the
laundry list tell for cognitive
dissonance have some of you seen that so
I think I'm up to four or five I've
tweeted and what that is is the the
anti-trump errs who will list quite
often five things for some reason they
if they think five is about the right
number and people have asked me for a
little bit more explanation of why
that's a tell for cognitive
and the first thing I should say is I'm
not relying on science for this so as
far as I know there's no scientific
study that would support what I'm going
to tell you right now so this is
experiential it's observational and I
the reason I'm showing you examples is
so you can look for it yourself you know
reaching around reach your own opinion
but I'll tell you my thinking and you
can bounce that against whatever
whatever other thinking you think is is
relevant so am I thinking is that the
people who have decided they dislike the
president started with big reasons in
the beginning the big reason was my god
he's gonna blow up the world in a
nuclear fireball or he's going to
destroy the economy or he's gonna round
up gay people and put them in camps that
the initial complaints about the
president were just these enormous
gigantic complaints but it's now been
520 days of whatever it's been of the
presidency and he has made nuclear war
far less likely in North Korea certainly
he's you know he's been great for the
economy or at least he hasn't broken it
even if you're a critic he hasn't broken
it you know Isis is being bet beating
back his Center so all of the big stuff
that people had in their heads as these
are the reasons we hate Trump there were
big big things but they just don't work
anymore so the big things don't work
they've been falsified by experience by
observation but they haven't changed in
their opposition they've defined
themselves as part of the opposition s'
and they've defined themselves as the
smart ones and in the conversation so
they can't change that that's their
identity so they need to change what it
is they're saying about the president
because it now looks ridiculous to say
he's going to start a nuclear war with
North Korea he's bad for the economy etc
it just doesn't work anymore
so when put trash
to say why they resist they go with
whatever they have left so they say
you're supporting a conman
so that's the first thing in their list
you're supporting the conman now if that
was enough they'd be done so for example
if they said you're supporting somebody
who's gonna kill us all in nuclear war
well that's such a big point that if it
were true and convincing and and the
facts seemed to support it you'd be done
one and done I'm good
he's gonna destroy the world I don't
even need to tell you anything else but
if all you have left is he's a con man
as soon as you write it in your tweet
you have a bit of self-realization well
that's not very big and somebody could
easily say that conman is similar to
leadership you know it's about
convincing people to do something and we
haven't seen him con us into doing
anything terrible yet like blowing up
the world ruining the economy and the
conning he's doing seems to be good for
the economy and good for a world peace
but he's a con man so as soon as they
say it they realize it's not enough so
they say and he's a con man and he's a
liar but as soon as they say the liar
thing they realize all politicians are
liars
well he might lie more than other
politicians well we're not seeing
exactly where the lies are hurting
anything
because again North Korea economy Isis
but I know he's lying and I don't like
that all right so now I've got con man
and I've got lying those two don't seem
to be enough but I can compensate by
adding some more so I'm gonna add he's a
it's a cult of personality yeah yeah con
man liar and a cult of personality
and as soon as they say it they think to
themselves oh yeah that's kind of true
of Obama - it certainly would have been
true of Hillary but he's slightly more
of that I think a little bit more but
that's not very persuasive it just says
that people like him it's almost a
compliment yeah I want it to be worse so
I've got conman that didn't mean much
I got a liar that doesn't seem to make
any difference I've got called to
personality that's practically a
compliment three things isn't enough so
I'd better add Russian collusion Russian
collusion he's a con man a liar cults
personality and Russian collusion but
Muller hasn't really given us much on
the russian collusion and people are
starting to not talk about it anymore
and it seems to me that the russian
collusion if there was something big it
probably woulda leaked because
everything big leaks so not enough all
right what do I have so far I got four
things God me a liar calls the
personality Russia thing man all four of
them don't seem to mean much I mean
compared to a great economy peace with
North Korea I don't have much I'm gonna
need a fifth thing fifth thing for I'll
see you what else can I throw in there
children in cages children and cages
suck on that
what the children in cages were a
photograph from the Obama era doesn't
matter sure maybe the children in cages
thing isn't as big as it should be
because I don't really have a better way
to handle it myself but when you look at
all the other things my god man are you
blind
look at all the things you've got your
lion you got your con man you got your
cult of personality
you got your Russia you got your
children in cages BAM Hitler
so that's why the laundry list is a
telephone native dissonance because you
can almost see the thought process and
the tweet it's like yeah he's this well
that wasn't much yeah yeah he says still
not much and you know do you get to the
fifth one by the time you reach five it
becomes obvious to the person writing
the tweet that there's nothing there and
it's not gonna get better with six or
seven because if you keep going it just
starts looking ridiculous I saw somebody
somebody did the the laundry list that I
think had maybe fifteen items on it but
if you look at it like that you know I
think there were several items that were
just duplicates because they ran that
reason so they had to they had to do
something about taxes twice because
because Melissa wasn't long enough well
I already said taxes but how can i
reword the taxes thing again
yeah something else about taxes and they
end up criticizing low taxes as as one
of their worst attacks the Human Rights
Council issue at the UN I don't know
what that means gas prices yeah maybe
that'll be that'll be next all right I'm
just looking at your comments now
our Trump's lists cognitive dissonance -
well his lists are so here's the
difference when Trump does a list of his
accomplishments he says stuff like you
know economy is good and North Korea and
Isis and cutting regulations and stuff
and you look at that and you say okay
those are actually big things and those
are the things that his supporters
wanted him to do so a list of
accomplishments is fair game right but
look at the difference in the list
Trump's lists are enormous
world-changing things that he's at least
done the way his supporters wanted him
to do right the entire laundry list of
the the critics is stuff that even they
don't think is convincing so if they
thought their list was convincing they
could stop at one or two I'm sure tariff
fairness I'm not sure what that question
of comment was about but it's I think
you're it's probably something good
does George Lakoff have cognitive
dissonance so you saw maybe some of you
saw the article and a tweet from George
Lakoff use use a UC Berkeley professor
linguistics expert so he's one of the
you know the the few people who were
actually qualified to have an opinion on
Trump and he's qualified in the sense
that he understands persuasion he
understands that the cognitive element
he understands the third dimension and
what's funny is that Lakoff is trying to
warn his own side
yeah the anti-trump errs he's yelling as
loudly as he can
hey it's not luck I stop saying it's
luck it's not luck it's evil you know in
lack of opinion
but it's skill and here's here's what
he's doing is you know here's the here
are the skills I mix I'm describing the
skills you can see him consistently
using them you can see that these are
real persuasive skills
now of course Lakoff would use words
like propaganda and you know you would
use words to to make you sound as bad as
possible but the reason that and this is
the funny part
the reason the Lakoff is both an expert
on persuasion yeah at least you know his
version of it the linguistic part and
you know so I think it's probably fair
to say he's a an expert in the cognitive
elements of persuasion maybe not the
same same exact overlap with Jill Dini
but you know from his linguistics field
and and the expansion of it I would say
lack office is a genuine expert and of
course he went to UC Berkeley because he
was a professor there so that makes him
brilliant as well but here's his problem
he still thinks facts matter
he knows that doesn't matter to
persuasion because he observed it you
know he's watching it and he's calling
it out but he can't leave he can't leave
the field of facts matter and if he
doesn't he can't convince anybody of
anything so so he's sort of trapped in
his own little his only his a little
child cage that as long as he's wed to
the fact that that the facts matter he's
in trouble and let me complete that
thought because the facts matter and
because he knows what he's talking about
he can see that trump is not an idiot he
he can see that just clearly because he
sees him using technique which are the
high-end most effective techniques that
he uses them consistently enough
as you know not chance so Lakoff knows
something a fact that a hundred percent
of the people yes you know not really a
hundred percent let's say ninety-nine
percent of the people who are anti-trump
don't believe is true because they
believe that Trump is an idiot and that
nothing he's doing has any intelligence
to it
support Lakoff who actually is at a far
higher level of understanding of what's
going on here except that his fear I
think is turning is turning the the
obvious good things that are happening
you know the economy of North Korean
center he's that's being distorted in
his mind to the end of the world and
society is falling apart even though the
opposite of that is happening right in
front of him but at least he's way ahead
of the people on his side because he
understands the tools that Trump is
using and he just can't sell that to his
own side he's he's completely
handicapped by the fact that his side
has bought into the movie in which Trump
is only lucky do you know the Chauncey
Gardiner reference from the movie being
they're very old movie in which the main
character who is literally a
becomes President of the United States
because people can't tell the difference
between the and somebody who's a
genius yeah they just confused the two
it's like oh we don't understand what
he's doing but it turned out to work
down so he must be a genius then once
they decide he is a genius everything he
does looks genius e to the people who
have been fooled so you see a number of
people I saw it was Sam Harris and some
other people making that specific
reference to Chauncey Gardiner and that
he is the Chauncey Gardiner president
and the fun part about that is that that
point of view has sort of a fuse on it
yeah you can start with that point of
view and you could say well he got this
our luck but the luck hypothesis once
you leave the movie script world where
anything's possible
you know if you leave the movie script
world into the real world where you know
the the odds matter the longer Trump
goes getting things done that at least
his supporters wanted to do even if the
other side doesn't the harder is to
attribute it to Locke who is Lakoff like
uh say an expert on linguistics and has
been a professor at UC Berkeley author
prominent prominent voice in the sort of
cognitive field Democrats are picking an
anti Asian bent somebody says I have not
noticed that but I'd be open to examples
that Michael Pollan said the ego is a
controlled substance there you go
watch how many people start coming to
that realization so there there's a
natural enlightenment that comes once
you realize the two movie reality once
you realize that people are just
literally observing and interpreting
their world in completely different ways
then you're free to start realizing that
your ego is not who you are it's just
sort of a tool that you can use and part
of that is the humility of knowing that
you could be in the wrong movie right
once you understand that you could be in
the wrong movie or your movie might not
be the one that predicts the best then
you can say oh my ego is not helping me
out here because my ego kept telling me
I'm right but then I observe that I'm
wrong
so once you see that your ego is not
helping you and it's only hurting you at
least hurting you when it's
telling you incorrect stuff then you can
use it as a tool that you can ramp it up
when you need some confidence you can
ramp it down when you think it's just
fooling you how much of this boils down
to fashioned probably a lot fashioned in
the sense that people like to be on the
fashionable side of history but the the
fashionable side it's actually a good
analogy even though I I tell you
analogies are dangerous fashion is
something you usually attribute
attribute to the young W as soon as you
hear the word fashion your mind goes to
young models and teens and people who
care about fashion you're not thinking
about the 45 year old dad you know he's
wearing his khakis and sandals you're
you're thinking about young people so
fashion is a good way to talk about it
because the the Left have become the
children in the argument they their
opinions of the world are best described
as young because what I was saying
before is that if your opinion is that
something is bad but you don't have any
concept of what the alternatives are
that's a child's frame of the world and
you see that on pretty much everything
there they take sort of the child's
frame the the adult frame is this is
going to be hard for all of us it's not
going to be fun
it's gonna hurt but it gets us to a
better place so yes we're gonna do
something tough but it's because of the
long run that's an adult frame and it's
the it's what the the if you look at
you've seen some videos recently of
President Trump from however many years
ago he was doing an interview before he
was president and before he was even the
candidate and saying if we don't do
something about North Korea now it's
going to be harder and worse in the
future so we've got to go hard now
that's an adult frame that you got to
take some pain now because it'll be
better than later
the child frame is that you take the
pleasure now you you know you let the
children do what they want you you you
just give everybody money you don't
worry about what happens after that so
it's sort of the long run versus short
run thinking that is typify by children
versus adults all right
so 1999 is when Trump said that in an
interview I think somebody's prompting
me here what happened with the global
warming lawsuit good question
don't worry remember there was a lawsuit
in which the judge had asked the climate
change proponents and an anti to make
their cases and it feels like we just
stopped hearing about that I'd love to
know how that worked out they might be
in some kind of a delay or break or
something
it's hard for most people to delay
gratification it is but wouldn't you
agree
that it's something that you get better
at as you get older you know the
five-year-old can't delay any
gratification teenager can do it
sometimes twenty-something can do it
once in a while you know but by the time
you're my age well by the time you're my
age there's no point in delaying it
because you don't have much time left
right so I may be moving moving to the
other side of the curve pretty quickly
so there's some let me just switch
topics so let me tease you that there's
some interesting happening things
happening in the urban development world
and I'm going to update you on that
maybe in the next few weeks relative to
Bill pull days urban blight project
where he's tearing down homes and
getting rid of the crime and other bad
influences that those abandoned
buildings have but now the next part is
what do you do with it
and that's where the fun is going to
happen so I'll just give you a teaser
for it this is not nothing you know
bigger better stuff that's coming but
just a teaser that you probably saw that
Elon Musk's boring company bo RI ng
boring which creates tunnels has agreed
or got the contract I guess to make a
tunnel from I guess the suburbs to the
airport or something in Chicago and
Chicago has I believe Bill Polti said
something like 7,000 buildings that are
candidates for being you know removed
with the blight the blight Authority
method you know just tearing them down
quickly and it turns out that one of the
big problems when you remove a bunch of
buildings is that that they have
basements that are just holes in the
ground and you need to fill them in with
dirt
so bill tweeted yesterday hey what are
you going to do with all that dirt Elon
Musk when do you build those tunnels now
we've already talked about the fact that
Elon has developed a technology or as
company has to build to turn that dirt
into bricks and that might be one of the
great uses for it
from the Chicago dirt but the other use
is just to pair up with the blight
Authority and start off filling in the
basements that need to be filled in now
if you're gonna rebuild I don't know if
you always want to fill in the basement
but I'm assuming that people know more
than I do about this stuff so there's
there's a really good example of where
you've got two private citizens who are
doing something for Chicago that's
really substantial and and it's the
basis for what can you know reduce crime
make it easier to get a job make it
easier to go to school because once you
get rid of the blight and the crime
everything gets easier so we may be in a
world and I've said this before but I
want to run this by you so fact-checked
me on this fact checking being not
exactly the right term I want your
opinion on this
here's my opinion and you can weigh in
with yours they're having a president
who is a famous entrepreneur you what
you didn't do just one kind of business
he did golf courses and every projects a
new every project even every business is
a new thing he did a licensing he did TV
he did now he's the president so he's a
very entrepreneurial figure you know
even if you say oh his casinos didn't
work you had bankruptcy etc that's very
typical of the entrepreneurial arc they
it's not unusual for entrepreneurs to
lose it all before they get it back yeah
or at least lose a lot before they they
make it big so do you think that having
an entrepreneurial president is causing
the citizens to
more entrepreneurial and specifically
entrepreneurial in a way that has a
public good you know because that's
that's what you see in the the blight
Authority it's what you're seeing with
Elon Musk doing some of the things he's
doing some of the things you see out of
the so Sam Altman's Y Combinator you see
Y Combinator working on projects which
are clearly for the public good you know
they're also we're trying to make money
but they're the the headspace is very
much public good yeah and I'm seeing a
number of you say yes I find myself
drawn to helping in a way that I never
have done before and it feels like
there's something permissive about the
Trump presidency permissive in an
entrepreneur in a way that if you've got
a good idea and you've got the energy to
do something you might be able to do it
and they take you for an example it's
just a small example Kim Kardashian who
I would argue that's not much of an
argument it's probably one of the most
successful entrepreneurs of our age
right if you look at what Kim Kardashian
is done in a variety of fields including
making a new fortune in a video game
or video games etc hugely
entrepreneurial the whole family seems
to be pretty entrepreneurial and so she
takes this idea into the president and
says hey I have this idea about you know
letting Alice Johnson visit and of
prison and pardoning her takes it to
these so that you know one of the most
famous entrepreneurs in the world takes
an idea to one of the other most famous
entrepreneurs of the world the President
Trump and what does he say sounds good
to me you know what do you expect when
two entrepreneurs at that level have a
conversation something good something
good may happen
so that's the sort of thing where you
see somebody just have an idea they
bring it to the president and the
president says like it I could work with
that
and I feel like we've seen that a number
of times haven't we haven't you seen a
number of times the president had said
bring me an idea do you remember in
healthcare
he said I'll sign it just bring me
something that works that's sort of the
entrepreneurial kind of approach it's
like bring me good ideas and I'll help
you make them work
likewise he said to the NFL kneelers if
you've got some ideas of people who need
pardons bring them to me all right it's
a permissive entrepreneurial world we're
cutting regulations were you know we're
we're just setting an example
yes exactly perfect example thank you
when when the president talked to Kim
jong-un and showed him the video
it was an entrepreneurial pitch yeah it
was hey you can have condos on the beach
your economy can be Zippin so I feel
like that's one of the most underrated
elements of this presidency is that his
example and you watching him sort of
jazz improvise a lot of things very
entrepreneurial approach instead of the
the lawyerly approach it's like well we
gotta get this taken care of before we
can move to this and then we'll have to
do this in order never do things out of
order make sure you covered all the
bases you know the lawyer approach that
we've had so many times you just wades
into the situation shakes the box says
how about this let me throw this out
little a/b testing while we're working
I'll tweet this see what happens
fix it tweet it fix it tweet it fix it
so he's he's he's carving the turkey
right in front of us you know based on
what's happening and feedback and you
know and
and the variables that are that are
immediately in the vicinity it's a it's
a sort of approach that someday you know
historians are gonna say why can't we
get more of that um okay so shake the
box I I'm just looking at your comments
here didn't have much to say today so I
think I'm gonna sign off is there any
other topic that I haven't covered that
you'd like me to before I go I'll just
look at your comments for a moment see
if anything else comes up reprime Summer
of Love
yeah so have has anybody noticed the
Summer of Love bond weasels so somebody
asked me where can you buy a bond weasel
right now there's not a webpage for that
but if there is only you know anything
we'll talk Newsom not since last time I
updated you
best reply to people freaking out about
the children in prisons well the best
reply is that you agree with them so
first you paste them to hold children
being separated from their parents and
put in children in prison is the worst
it's the worst so first you agree
because you do agree there's nobody here
who says oh I'd like to put children in
prison
so first agree and then say so what
should we do and if they say don't put
them in prison you say yeah yeah I'm
with you but what should we do instead
and then walk them through the options
send them both back immediately put the
families and you know adults and
children in the same place or catching a
release I guess that's what it's called
and they just melt into the landscape
which is the same as just not having a
border because anybody could come with a
child and then just melt into the
Melton's of the landscape so agree on
the emotional part here's the mistake
here's what you can't do and it would
not be effective if somebody comes at
you and says the president you like is
putting children in cages what doesn't
work is challenging them on the facts
you could you certainly could point out
that the pictures they saw the cages was
from 2014 that's fair but generally
speaking the facts aren't going to win
you the day on this conversation you
want to first agree with them
emotionally yeah children taken away
from parents that's very bad let's not
do that and then guide them toward
describing their solution and you're
going to find that they run out of words
and change the subject and then you have
one declare victory and somebody said
I've been trying this they don't respond
at all all right before I read that
comment I just told you that what that's
what would happen you're gonna you're
gonna you're gonna make them actually
just silent they will just sit there
or they will find a reason to leave or
change the subject or tell you something
else bad about President Trump but that
is your victory right
once they change the subject you've done
what you can do
victory is sometimes silent yes it's the
cognitive brain freeze once you ask them
to describe the alternative and they
realize they don't have one but but you
can't tell them don't tell them they
don't have an alternative help them walk
through them and as healthfully as you
can and they will come to the conclusion
of themselves you can help people talk
themselves and of their opinion but it's
very rare that in a single conversation
you're going to change somebody's mind
even even with my considerable
persuasive experience that's rare I
almost never see it oh by the way
speaking of patreon so I started the
patreon account you can find it at my
same name as Twitter and periscope Scott
Adams says and a a lot of people are
donating their $1.00 usually and I'm
using that to pay to pay for the
translation of my periscopes into
podcasts you can see them on my wet on
the Dilbert comm site just go to the go
to the blog page and there's a little
menu for the podcast but I'm also having
them translated into YouTube form which
this is a better work because you got to
download them and translate them and it
takes about an hour but they're putting
them on YouTube by request not because
it's another big platform which is cool
too but because you can play YouTube in
the background of your of your device
apparently the periscopes only play in
the foreground so you can't use your
phone
at the same time for other stuff but the
podcasts and the youtubes will play in
the background so that's what I'm using
the patreon donations for and the reason
I'm taking donations when in fact I'm as
you know quite rich is because I don't
get paid for this so if people want to
expand this knowing that I don't get
paid for it they can you know contribute
to patreon and then patreon will expand
it in ways that people like to consume
it and putting it on YouTube also gives
me a platform that might protect the
content in case periscope ever goes away
somebody said you could get my entire
library onto YouTube in two days well
you'd have to do the same thing you'd
have to you know download and convert
each file add a description you know
it's not that easy but it's almost it's
it'll be done in a day or two you can
background the periscope
on the iOS now I don't think that's the
case but I'll test that that might be
something you can do there oh so people
are saying yes you can't you can others
say nope well I'll test it it could be
something that a new new operating
system allows somebody said they just
did I'll just update it oh that's great
okay well having it on a YouTube will
just give people better options and for
finding it and interacting with it so oh
it's a new update on periscope oh that's
so good to know okay thank you alright
that's it for me for today and I'll talk
to you later