hey everybody it's good to see you come
on in
gather round it's time for the best part
of the day except for the rest of it
which is gonna be pretty good too
yes it's gonna be coffee with Scott
Adams this morning and all you need you
don't need much you need a cup or a mug
or a glass a tanker challenger's died in
a canteen jerger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dope beans
into the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous imp Erica I see you
there dr. funk juice
grab your mugs Marla come on go sublime
let's talk about the news and stuff
stuff in the news well there's a big
story about some idiot and a white van
who crashed into a voter GOP the voter
registration tent in a shopping center
in Florida now as luck would have it he
did not kill anybody but apparently you
he wasn't that far away from killing
anybody this is one of those stories
he's sort of had to be there to know
yeah you know if you were there could
you know in advance I mean or could you
know by observing that he did or did not
intend to hurt people so one report is
that he got pretty close to somebody but
I don't know if that person was jumping
out of the way it was barely missed or
if you know he he aimed his truck at the
objects enough the people so we'll find
out but I'm not sure it makes it that
much better if he was aiming at their
tent apparently the guy gets out to
these making all kinds of
took a video of it and gave them the
finger so it was clearly political but
that we see his mugshot and you look at
the mug shot and you say to yourself
okay I I'm tired of pretending that I
don't see the correlation there's a
correlation so just before I got on I
tweeted in the replies to another tweet
I'd asked a question if there's
something called anti foul eyes in other
words they have a look that you can
identify so I took a I took a picture of
a page full of 85 mug shots people who
definitely were in anti Fahd they got
caught and then I compared it to a page
of shots of members of Congress just
headshots in both cases take a look at
them see see if that looks like you
could identify them just walking down
the street you know not necessarily that
you're anti foul or that you're in
Congress but that in one case there's
somebody who was likely to obey the law
and in another case someone a little
less likely now someone said quite
correctly hey that guy that probably is
associated with or at least compatible
with the philosophy of Anti Fog the guy
wouldn't define who ran into the voter
registration somebody said hey he looks
more like one of those neo-nazis to
which I say yeah he does so here's my
hypothesis I think that there is an
extremist look I believe that you can
identify people who are extreme on the
right or extreme on the left and here's
how I think you can identify them by
mental illness I think that's the
identifying characteristic is mental
illness because if you if you're
mentally ill you're going to be far more
likely to be gullible or drawn into
something that's extreme
and you know depending on where you
started from you might say I'm extreme
left or extreme right but there's
there's lots of science to suggest that
human beings can detect illness in other
words if you let's say there's somebody
you're very close to it's a spouse or
boyfriend girlfriend somebody to your
family somebody you see all the time and
you walk into the room and you look at
them and in a minute you can tell if
they're sick most of the time right not
every time it's not one of those 100%
things but we're really good we're
really good at identifying we're really
good at identifying illness and I think
that would probably include mental
illness so I don't think it's a
coincidence that when we see these
extremists they have a look and to me
again there's no there's no science and
what I'm going to say next
in my opinion subjectively the people on
the extreme left and the extreme right
look mentally ill there might be
different types of mental illness but
they they certainly have a distinctive
generic look and maybe it would be more
productive to talk about them that way
because we end up talking about them in
political ways so the left will say hey
that one neo-nazi killed somebody so all
you Republicans are bad and of course
Republicans say hey those anti-fire guys
hit and Ino and then so I guess all
Democrats are bad you know they don't
say it exactly that way but you know it
becomes a political thing what I think
it's mostly hell thing I think if you
drilled down you'd find a health problem
a mental health problem anyway just just
a hypothesis mike bloomberg has a
commercial it's an anti-trump commercial
in which he shows Trump quoting cording
he shows Trump is saying something about
climate change and I don't have Trump's
exact words but it's something like this
Trump says you know climate change will
uh you know a lot of it is a hoax I
think he said a lot of it or much of it
or something like that so in other words
the quote that Bloomberg puts on the
screen is not Trump saying climate
change is a hoax
he wants you to think that but if you
listen to the actual words that's not
what he's saying Trump says something
more like a lot of it is a hoax
now I think that's just true I think
that's objectively true now you have to
accept that in the political realm the
word hoax is being used very broadly for
something that's not quite right
something that's not true it doesn't
necessarily mean that there's a
prankster behind it who's running a
practical joke on you you know we we've
sort of morphed the word hoax from the
original meaning to just mean there's
something not right doesn't add up you
know somebody's trying to get rich off
it in general that sort of thing and if
you're if you were to look at it that
way
there is objectively speaking let's just
say the Paris Accords if you just looked
at that that looks like a hoax again in
the general sense not of a prankster
playing a trick but of something that
didn't add up it didn't make sense to be
a part of it wasn't helping anything it
was costing us money but it wasn't
helping anything
except you know the argument isn't some
some leadership way it would make a
difference but not really so so Trump's
opinion of climate change is first of
all not what it's being presented
because there's a really big difference
between saying the science is a hoax
which he didn't say mattered what he
thinks I'm just telling you what he said
versus saying climate change a lot of it
is a hoax because the whole topic is not
just the science it's the prediction
models that are a little less dependable
probably than the science there's the
economic models that are even less
dependable and then there's the politics
if you look it up the politics and the
models and stuff saying that a lot of
that looks like
that's pretty reasonable there's no
departure from science whatsoever to say
that because it's not even a comment
about science so Bloomberg shows that
with the intention of showing that Trump
is anti science and then it says and
here's the ridiculous part and one of
the things that politicians have to do
is create content that matches and paces
the people they're trying to reach so
I'm not going to say that this is
necessarily Mike Bloomberg personal
private opinion but it's something that
he approved to put it in an ad and the
ad and it says in the ad after mocking
Trump for his opinion said Mike
Bloomberg knows his science to which I
say does he does he does Mike Bloomberg
know his climate science because I don't
think he's a scientist do you know who
else doesn't know their science all of
the scientists well I won't put it that
way it is looser think as I devoted a
part of a chapter in my book called
loser think to imagine that you can
quote do your own research on a field
that you don't understand and let's face
it if you're not a climate scientist you
probably don't understand enough about
climate science to do the research on
your own and come to a conclusion that
says you know science it's a ridiculous
concept so Mike Bloomberg is is running
with with this proposition and I think
this is fair to say i think his
proposition is he's running against
somebody who doesn't understand science
or doesn't respect it or or bow to it
and and he's the more rational candidate
that's the proposition right one is
rational mike bloomberg
looks at the facts and the other is
irrational according to Bloomberg this
troubled fellow but his commercial is a
hundred percent irrational and there
probably works so in terms of political
ads it probably works because I think
the people who want to believe this they
oh yeah Trump thinks science is a hoax
which he didn't say and if he had said
it I think Mike Bloomberg would have
used that clip instead of the clip where
he talks generally about much of it
being a hoax which I take to be the
political part now this is the most
irrational thing you could ever say and
many of you have said the same thing so
this is about you too if you believe
that you can do your own research on the
topic of climate change and reach an
opinion that MIT that is rational
because you've done your own research
you're not a rational person you can't
do that there's no way that you or I
could research climate change no matter
how much work we put into it if we don't
have a you know a background in it we
haven't waded into it haven't really
wrestled with the details in the
scientific way we can't reach an opinion
on that stuff all you can do is believe
people who told you stuff that's it so
here's what Bloomberg's commercial
shoulda said if it had been honest and
and isn't he running on honesty isn't
that one of his biggest propositions
Trump's a big liar I'll give it to you
honestly
and then he produces a campaign
commercial that's pretty much the
opposite of that because if he'd been
honest about Trump's opinion he would
have said okay we don't know what he
means by the hoax part that would have
been honest right we don't know what he
means is he talking about the basic
science he didn't say that
or is he talking about the political
element of it that's the best
interpretation but again you'd have to
get his clarification on it so it's a
complete mischaracterization of the
president's opinion so first of all
Bloomberg is essentially lying by
context omission just a lie
and he's running to be the honest guy
and it still works
I guess his people will will will accept
this message the way he wants them to so
it's a weird situation all right I don't
trust the guy who believes what the
experts tell I've got a little more
trust in the one who says maybe but it
looks fishy to me
who do you trust I'd have a little more
natural trust for the person who says
maybe but there's a part of this that
you know could be a little sketchy I
just naturally trust that person more
alright I want to talk about Van Jones
my favorite Democrat and I mean that I
mean that literally of all the people
who were Democrats he is my favorite one
and what I what I love about watching
him is that you've heard they saying
that in the land of the blind the
one-eyed man is king
so Van Jones is like the only person who
has an eyeball it was a Democrat too I
keep watching to see him suffer from TDs
and he doesn't he doesn't I've been
watching him for a long time since
before an election after election
including last night his comments about
the the impeachment his comments about
the debates and I just can't find any
Trump derangement syndrome at all it's
like he doesn't have it how in the world
could he live and operate in that world
and be immune when everyone around him
obviously is is deeply infected with TDs
and I have a hypothesis you ready I
probably shouldn't say this in public so
I apologize to you Van Jones in advance
if you would wish I had not but I'm just
going to put this out here and the only
people who are gonna really understand
this as people have had a similar
situation
I predict that at some time in his life
maybe not recently but at some time
maybe in his younger life Van Jones
experienced some hallucinogens now when
I said that all of you who have never
taken a hallucinogenic drug don't know
what I mean everybody who has there was
exactly what I just said and you'll see
it in the comments although all the
people who know what I what I mean are
just gonna say uh-huh you know just
watch the comments you'll see all the
people who agree now I mean this totally
as a compliment as you know I'd like to
see you loosen some kinds of
hallucinogens legal because they're
greatly implicated in helping people
with various mental health problems
getting solving addictions all kinds of
good stuff but one of their benefits is
that you only have to do it once and you
can start seeing the filters of life the
filters of life are the people who get
you know caught in a little mental
prison and then they can only see the
world through one filter and they think
that they're one filter is reality but
it's not if you have one experience with
hallucinogens you experience living
their world through a different filter
even temporarily and when you're done
you always remember it now you don't see
the world the same way as you saw it
when you are doing the loose engine but
why you come away from is the
understanding that you could have a
completely wrong or different view of
the world and you can still operate you
can still eat and procreate and and go
to work and everything else so if you
had never had that experience and you
were surrounded with people who said you
know the world is this one way this
President Trump is an existential threat
he's a-- he's going to destroy the world
what would you do well if you
if your entire experience of life was
that there's just this one reality and
the smart people can see it and the dumb
people can't you would buy into the
majority of you it's the most natural
thing you would do you would go with the
people around you it's like oh everybody
see in the world the same way they all
seem pretty smart I think I'll probably
adopt that view why wouldn't I
but time and time again Van Jones
surrounded by TDs I mean just he's like
right in the middle of this boiling
cauldron of insanity and he's not
affected not even a little bit and what
can explain that well you have my
hypothesis I believe he is experienced
and it doesn't have to necessarily have
been hallucinogens but my hypothesis is
the Van Jones at least once in his life
has experienced seeing the world through
a different filter I don't know what
that filter was but if you see the world
through two different filters at two
different times and you come to realize
the subjectivity of your experience it's
easier to see past other false filters
and know that they're more of a
lifestyle choice they could be a mental
prison etc here's what here's how Van
Jones described this in his own words
roughly speaking in a clip I just saw
today I'm not sure when he said it but
it was recently and he said that the
Democrats are playing quote - fantasy
football and then he explains it this
way now listen to how much this sounds
like two movies playing on one screen
but it's a it's a slightly different
version and his examples of fantasy
football that the Democrats are playing
according to him are that remember when
Trump first got elected there was all
that talk that they would throw out the
electoral college results how realistic
was that wasn't really realistic was it
and then it didn't happen they're like
god I'm so surprised that didn't work
and then they did the Muller report and
that didn't work
didn't work it's like a fantasy of
getting rid of Trump and then there was
the impeachment which also didn't have a
chance of working and when Van Jones
explains those three things and those
are just three examples I'm by no means
when I expect these to be the exhaustive
list but is it that description fantasy
football kind of really good kind of
perfect because they're playing a game
with the electro college and Muller and
impeachment that they can fantasize is
real meaning that in their minds they're
like yeah we got him now
and when Muller brings in the goods we
got a male so it allows them to live in
a manufactured fantasy world in which
they're withing or they're about to win
it's gonna be good at any minute now
sure it's been bad for us four years in
a row but in a minute now I thought that
was a great great way to frame this
thing anyway so pour of it and I I love
watching Van Jones talking reasonably in
the cauldron of TDS because I don't
think other people know quite what to do
with it they don't really push back they
just sort of change the subject
because if you're the only rational
person in an irrational room but
sometimes maybe they just change the
subject so I tweeted this this morning I
said there are two things that MSNBC
pundits know to be true all right these
are the two things they know to be true
if the if you're on MSNBC number one
President Trump is an quote existential
threat it's a phrase they use all the
time
existential threat meaning he's
literally a threat to our existence
look we could all die because of or at
least a lot of us could die because of
President Trump so they use this exact
phrase
he's an existential threat and they know
that to be true because they all say it
without any pushback there there's no
one
MSNBC who says whoa wait wait a minute
you know you you mean that's hyperbole
right
you don't actually literally mean we're
all gonna die
nobody does happen do you know I fantasy
football they're they've all taken on
this fantasy that there's this president
who's gonna kill us all and they're all
on the other team now I'm adding that to
van Joneses list he didn't put that on
the list but to me it seems the same
that there's a like a fantasy filter on
this so that's the first thing they know
that president Trump is an existential
threat here's the second thing they know
it's a special kind of existential
threat that disguises itself for the
first four years as a continuous flow of
good news meaning that the country's in
good shape things are going well and so
the people who believe that Trump is an
existential threat I would say to them I
can kind of see what you meant three or
four years ago remember by election day
we'll have four continuous years of a
trump administration if he's an
existential threat wouldn't we see some
signs of that you know it's one thing to
say this is a big unknown you know the
election of President Trump on day one
when he sworn in it's a pretty big
unknown so you would expect in the face
of unknown unknowns that people would
have different opinions because they're
just saying you know they're predicting
with their biases or their preferences
or their fantasies whatever so fairly
reasonable fairly reasonable to be
afraid of President Trump on his first
day of office I disagreed I had a
different opinion and I had a strong
different opinion but I don't think it
was crazy to be afraid of the unknown
because he did talk you know he did talk
in a way that people hadn't seen
beautiful found a scary you know so
reasonable reasonable turned out to be
wrong but it wasn't crazy
but that was three years in and what
Election Day comes around it's four
years in I think at that point it's kind
of crazy right you should be able to
change your opinion if four years go by
and all we are is better off but no all
right Rudy Giuliani went on Jesse
Watters show last night and made news I
don't know if Jesse knew that he was
going to be breaking a big story he
looked surprised but there it was
now you may have seen President Trump
tweeting ahead of last night's shows
that there was going to be a great
lineup on Fox last night so President
Trump just as basically just did a tweet
commercial for a judge judean the Greg
Gutfeld show and a Jesse Watters show
and now we know why because Rudy
Giuliani was odd and of course he knew
he would get you get you know favorable
coverage in general but Rudy Giuliani
has this claim that he's he's got three
witnesses are ready to name names in an
investigation into Hunter Biden so
there's alleged corruption and Rudy
Giuliani says he's got at least one
document and three people who are
willing to testify to something I don't
know exactly had something to do with
money laundering through different
countries and making a loan not look
like a load I don't know the details so
I don't want to characterize it but Rudy
is making a pretty big claim that there
was something that wasn't too hard to
find apparently I mean Rudy found it
without a lot of help and that it would
change how you saw president Trump's
request to Ukraine now do you think that
really Rudy Giuliani really has the
goods what do you think if you had to
put the odds on it and of course we
don't know but there are two
possibilities one is that Rudy is just
being pulled
ricky'll and he doesn't really have the
goods but maybe it's something that he
could convince you and looked a little
suspicious
so maybe that's one possibility the
other possibility is he totally has the
goods he totally has it now given that
Rudy Guiliani is literally famous as
being what what are the most effective
prosecutors of all time one of the odds
that Rudy Giuliani can't tell the
difference between having the goods The
Smoking Gun as he called it and not
having a smoking gun I feel as if he'd
know the difference and you would have
to believe that he was intentionally
lying to you about the quality of his
evidence in order to think that there's
something something to question here one
of the odds that Rudy Giuliani who has
names that he can shove to you so in
other words he's offering he's
practically begging to show his sources
when people lie do they beg you to look
at their original sources the same stuff
they looked at to reach their opinion
well not that often he wants us to look
at the evidence which suggests and given
his experience and background if I had
to guess you know if I had to put money
on it sounds like he's got something so
we'll see in general I have a
proposition one way to tell the
difference between Republicans and
Democrats is risk management and I often
see that Republicans seem let's say
better skilled I think that's the way to
say better skilled at managing risk now
I've said and I've said it often that
managing risk is not something you're
born with necessarily it's a learned
skill so if you had never learned to
manage risk
you probably think you're good at it but
you wouldn't be
because it's like a lot of things you
have to you get better over time and you
notice that a lot of anti-fraud people
either don't have corporate jobs to say
the least or they're very young people
in their 20s what would you say is
generally true of people who have never
worked in the corporate world and are
young they're not all young but many of
them are so it's people who don't have
corporate experience in their young I
would say the one thing that really
characterizes that group there would be
a number of things that they'd have in
common I suppose but one of them is that
they had never learned risk management
you know how do we evaluate risks you
see that all the time that yours there's
no better example than this one that
Warren and Bernie Sanders want to
radically change the economy at a time
when the economy is doing better than it
has ever done if you are good at risk
management would you ever take something
that's operating better than it has ever
worked and change it completely
you could argue completely but let's say
a big change I don't think you would I
don't think there's anybody who would
make a big change to something that's
working perfectly now the exit the
exception to that would be let's say
you're in business and you make a good
product and it's better that it's better
than your competition's product in that
case you know your competition is going
to catch up soon so that case you
actually would make a big change because
you anticipate then your competition
will match you so you'd better you'd
better cannibalize your own product and
make a big change it's like oh here our
old one was dominating the market but
we're still going to throw it away
because if we don't the competition is
going to catch us so they throw away
their own product even though it's the
best one in the market to try to make it
even better one now in business you have
to do that because you can depend on
competition pretty much 100% of the time
but when you're talking about the
American economy well we have sort of a
general competition with China and other
kind
but we're beating all of them and
probably will continue to because we
have the superior system and I think
that's a really big difference now take
climate change the climate change if the
progressives got everything they wanted
would be a gigantic change again to the
economy and would be really expensive
and it would be a big risk in terms of
how much money would be spent and how it
would change the the way we live but
they say there's there's a big risk of
not doing it so this makes sense so the
risk management analysis is said sure it
would be risky to disrupt the economy
make all these changes but it's even a
bigger risk to let climate change do
what it's doing according to them here's
what's wrong with that it's very bad
risk management in other words it's it's
sort of risk management 101 it's how you
manage risk if you don't understand risk
the Republican approach is to say well
we don't know exactly you know what the
risk is the models are not that accurate
but there's probably some risk so let's
do all the things that don't hurt us
that would also be the right thing to do
if it were a big risk nuclear power
plant in trees just two examples
president Trump is all in favor of
planted trees and he's all in favor of
developing nuclear power at least he
doesn't say it enough and I think that's
a flaw but in terms of the Department of
Energy and the government they're doing
a lot they're doing a lot so if you were
to look at it not as a left or right
situation but rather as a risk
management situation which one of those
is better I would argue that
unambiguously
the the Trump administration approach is
better no matter what you think of
climate change because their risk
management approach does all the things
that would be good no matter what well
we can always use more trains trees are
bad is so much of a risk especially
since everyone the world is doing it
and it's not like we're the only ones
planting trees so risk management you
look for that look for that in all of
the differences it's a risk management
difference and I think it's an
experience difference as well all right
here's a theory that that I have some
appreciation of because of my experience
as the author of the Dilbert comic and
it goes like this when the Dilbert comic
first started it kind of reached its
peak during the the 90s the mid nineties
when there was a lot of downsizing and
employees had very little power and
their jobs were being sent overseas and
all that and Dilbert was immensely
popular and people were always sending
these suggestions to mock their bosses
and the bad management and how bad have
bad businesses so as sort of the heyday
for being the Dilbert guy because people
were giving me all this great material
from their own unhappy experiences and
then Bill Clinton came along and the.com
situation happened now when the.com
thing happened the it looked like
everybody was you know everybody but it
looked like it looked like the only
thing keeping you from getting rich was
yourself because so many people were
doing so well in so many different ways
during the dot-com boom that if I asked
you hey what's wrong with your career
and I did let me give you the exact
thing people stopped sending me
complaints and I thought to myself come
on you know even if let's say 10% of the
population is doing great because this
calm boom it can't be more than 10% the
other 90% still to have the same bad
boss they have before and the same job
if you were complaining before with the
same job the same boss the same
coworkers why did you just stop
complaining
well I literally couldn't get people to
send me complaints during the dot-com
era to the point where I actually asked
people to give me their phone number so
I could call the
at work and Assam if they have any
complaints because I wasn't getting any
without a solicitation and so I so
people volunteered a lot of them
actually and I recall them at work you
know and sometimes I would pick up
sometimes that and I'd say hi I'm Scott
Adams I'm the Dilbert guy tell me what's
bothering you about your job and they
said have a good day nothing's bothering
me I go no really you know there's
nobody who has a perfect job and a
perfect day just tell me what's tell me
what's really bugging you about your job
and I couldn't pry it out of them
I couldn't pry out of them a complaint
about their boss or their or their
company
it was amazing in and then you know
after the dot-com bust the things got
better for the Dilbert guy B because
people went back to complaining here's
how this is relevant to our political
situation when the economy is bad who do
you blame who do you blame when the
economy is bad
well you blame the government even if
it's not the government's fault you
still gotta blame them well you should
have done more if you had done this we
wouldn't be so bad you also blame
management you blame rich people you
blame big corporations all right yeah so
you're blaming banks and businesses and
corporations and stuff who does that
sound like who did I just described did
that sound like Republicans or did that
sound like Democrats answer Democrats so
Democrats there their message of blaming
the government the rich people the
system that's what Democrats do they
blame the government big business
banks Wall Street rich people that makes
complete sense when the economy isn't
working the Democrat message is
perfectly suited for a bad economy what
happens when the economy is really
really good people blame themselves now
of course these are generalities so
most people are never changed in mind no
matter what the evidence is so most
Democrats will just vote Democrat and
feel the same way they always feel but
for the small sliver of persuadable they
suddenly found themselves from yeah the
government's bad the big business - do
you have any complaints about your job
you personally just you personally don't
talk about other people not nonpoint
don't tell me that other people are
being discriminated against I get that
I'm accepting all that to be true just
queue you personally Bob Bob are you
okay how are you doing well you probably
saw there was a study that said 90% of
people are happy in their personal lives
because there's nobody to blame if your
economy is screaming and you're not
happy with your situation whose fault is
it right people people understand that
if the system is giving them you know
low unemployment they can kind of change
jobs it's pretty easy to change jobs in
this economy so if you haven't changed
jobs if you haven't done what you need
to do if you haven't taken those courses
to get that promotion it's kind of on
you so we have what I would call a
Republican biased situation which
Republicans by philosophy are you have a
problem that's your problem go solve
your problem
sure we'll we'll try to do what we can
to get the government out of your way
but the government isn't there to solve
your problem that's what you're for
you're the one who solves your problem
and that makes sense when the economy's
good people will accept that message so
the point is I don't know if anybody has
mentioned this effect but you can't get
a strong Democrat turnout for an
election and I think it would be
reflected mostly in turnout you're not
going to get a strong turnout from
people who blame themselves for the
problem and that's the situation we're
in so I suggest there will be a low
voter turnout because people won't want
to
abandoned their hatred for Trump they
just might be busy that day you know
what I mean they're not going to say I
didn't vote because even though I don't
like Trump I have to admit things are
going pretty well it's not gonna be that
it's gonna be well I could vote or I
know I was invited to this thing I can't
say no to the thing I'm gonna have to go
to the thing instead of vote today so I
think you see low voter turnout there
mostly because of that all right you've
probably seen by now the clip of Budaj
edge maybe you saw alive when he gave
this long nonsense of word salad
sounded like a corporate consultant
answer to a question during the debate I
watched that live and Buddha judge
starts talking and it's all just
concepts and words put into sentences
and the sentence sort of made sense but
in some cases not and I kept waiting for
that to turn into a crisp point you know
I would do this or here's the problem
here's the solution I thought it was
going to turn into that and then he just
ran out of time and stopped and it was
it was almost a full minute of talking
with no content and I thought to myself
where have I heard that before
where where have I been in my life in my
history where I've heard somebody talked
for a full minute without any content
that I thought oh yeah I was sitting in
a meeting at my old employer Pacific
Bell and a high-end very expensive
consultant from McKinsey was telling us
how they were going to make everything
better
it's consultant talk it's it's corporate
jargon except taking them to the
political world
it was pure empty calories and I thought
to myself I've never seen somebody
created a kill shot for themselves that
was so effective if he became the
candidate and ran against Trump all
Trump would have to do
has run that clip and show a picture of
an empty suit I'm all right just show
the clip and then do a split screen and
it's like an empty suit and standing
there there's nobody in it empty suit
it's it's over
so it's written some big weakness he's
got there all right so here's somebody
who responded to my comments about
Buddha jej or actually I think it was a
reach we did somebody else's tweet in I
think it was Cathy's tweet and so this
is this is what this individual said now
remember I've told you that you can
identify people who are artists without
looking at their profile on Twitter you
can identify them by the way they
address topics all right so I'm going to
give you this example so of the tweet
where people were making fun of that
Buddha jej statements during the debate
where it was all word salad this is what
this presumably is support or at least
Democrat says quote word salad question
mark question mark
it's called being smart and it informed
Trump can't even spell for crying out
loud do you know who was notoriously
against intellectuals yeah
the Nazis why are you so threatened by
intelligence someone is not elite
because I read all right now as I
mentioned in my book loser think it
talks about all the bad ways of thinking
there are almost all in this one tweet
let me call them out so he's saying it's
not word salad
it's called being smart and it formed
what is that that's what I call word
thinking he didn't give her a reason he
just relabeled it let's say you just
relabeled it relabeling things is not
thinking you just put different words on
the same thing we're looking at exactly
the same
thing there's no question about the
facts just labeling it a different label
didn't get you anything
so we're thinking then he says Trump
can't even spell what's that got to do
with Buddha Jen what is what is spelling
have to do with what Buddha James just
did
it's a ridiculous comparison so that's
the next thing that artists do they
don't they don't know how to compare
things effectively and and it's not a
good comparison because spelling things
wrong is so common that everyone here
says to themselves you know I spelled
the tweet wrong woods I went to college
and I spelled the tweet wrong how many
times have I spelled at we trunk or
spelled something wrong in a blog post
or mispronounced something fairly often
I've got a I've got a college degree
I've got a master's degree I do this for
a living I'm a professional writer I
still spell stuff wrong all the time it
means nothing but so is weird comparison
then that he does the Hitler thing he
goes do you know who was notoriously
against intellectuals yeah
the Nazis so that's what I call analogy
thinking where you imagined that because
something reminds you of something that
there's some something that you're
learning because of that you're not
learning anything if you just got
reminded of something that's it that's
the entire end of the story I was
reminded of something you don't take
that and then say therefore I predict
Trump will become hillier
so that's the analogy thinking and then
he says why are you so threatened by
intelligence who was threatened by it
was there somebody in this story who was
threatened by intelligence let's just
mind reading he's mind reading and
getting the wrong answer so he's got
word thinking bad comparisons analogy
thinking and mind reading and then he
ends with someone is not elite because
they read and I'm not even sure he oddly
enough he had a typo he spelled a word
wrong
in his tweet in his tweet in which he
was you know mocking the president for a
spelling error he has a typo in this
case is the type of not a spelling error
but I'm thinking well you know don't
throw stones anyway he says someone is
not elite because they read and I'm
thinking who was arguing anything like
that
who does he imagined he is countering he
basically creates a straw man had an
argument and then argues against it so
he's got were thinking bad comparison
analogy thinking mind reading in a straw
man all in one tweet that's what I saw
that I said to myself artists click on
profile professional writer for
television was I surprised no I was not
now since the moment I pointed this out
and many of you have seen me point this
out for a while that you can identify an
artist by their comments because they
don't know how to let's say understand
the world in rational ways it's really
obvious all of the worst comments on
Twitter I kind of from people who are
professional artists or want to be it's
it's not a coincidence all right
let me tell you the secret to success
all right you ready if you stayed to the
end you get this little nugget one of
the greatest secrets to success I
learned from a salt salesman he was my
neighbor and he'd gotten rich after
being born he was actually born in a
shack in the South that didn't have
running water all right so this is a guy
who was born into extreme poverty lied
about his age to get into the Navy I
think is 16 because he just needed some
way out of his extreme poverty but when
I met him he was living in a mansion
small mansion but yeah he was a rich guy
lived in my neighborhood and I once
asked him you know at a party what is
path to success was he told me that he
started out after the baby
he became a salt salesman he would sell
salt to grocery stores so you'd go in
and say you should carry my brand of
salt instead of the other one and I
laughed and I said how in the world can
you sell salt
it's just price salt is salt am I wrong
you know how could anybody say my salt
is better than your salt and I said how
in the world did you sell it and he said
well and he told me this story he said
well yeah iodine blah blah but the point
is from the consumers point of view it's
a pretty generic thing so you told me
this story said there was a local
grocery store guy who when he called
upon him the guy said that he was going
to be he learned that the guy was going
to be reorganizing his store over the
weekend so the guy was going to have to
come in and you know work all night or
weekend or something reorganizing his
shelves for some purpose so the salt
salesman shows up unannounced to help he
just shows up and says well you were
gonna reorganize your shelf so I'm gonna
show up and help so he works with him
and when he was done that store owner
bought this guy's salt and forever right
now what is the lesson from us the
lesson is that people who receive things
if they're smart they created that
situation by giving something and asking
nothing in return
so they so he gave something to somebody
and that was his system he had a system
not a goal his system was I'm gonna be
nice to people I'm gonna help him I'm
not gonna ask for anything and when they
decide who they want to buy salt from
I'm gonna get my share and he became the
best salt salesman in his company and
that created a bunch of money because he
got paid on Commission and they parlayed
that into a number of other businesses
famous entrepreneur here's the reason I
bring this up somebody else is using
this technique somebody who's watching
this periscope right now you probably
already know him his name is dr. funky
juice dr. funk juice started tweeting
about my periscopes the the one you're
watching right now so I'm not sure how
long ago several weeks ago and he made a
little image of a coffee cup and I guess
was a chef and announced that my
periscope comes up at you know the same
time 10:00 Eastern 7:00 Pacific and told
people to watch it now the first time I
saw it I thought oh great the fan he's
such a fan he made a shift and was
promoting my thing and I don't know if I
tweeted it or I liked it or whatever but
I enjoyed seeing it then the next day he
did it again and again and again now I
had been thinking to myself you know I
should do that myself but it was just
one extra thing and I didn't feel like
doing it but it was convenient for me
because every time doctor juice
would do one of those tweets it would
come into exactly the right time like
half an hour or so before the actual
periscope perfect timing and I would see
it in my Twitter feed because I'm always
on Twitter and right before I come on
here that's like oh I don't have to do
in a tweet I'll just retweet dr. funk
juice and day after day after day a
person I've never met always be nothing
gave me something it was just a gift now
you know he apparently likes the content
that comes out of this now normally I
don't like to mention ethnicity but I
think it matters in this case so dr.
funk juice is based on his profile as an
african-american man and as a DJ and he
has found the secret to success because
who am I talking about right now dr.
funk juice and I'm going to tell you the
you should follow him @ @ DJ underscore
dr underscore funky juice one word -
funk juice and I gotta say that if I
were to bet on somebody I would bet on
this guy because he's figured out the
salt
salesmen trick he simply gave me
something for free and got my attention
and then he gave me something else for
free got my attention and now I'm giving
him a commercial so presumably he will
gain some gains and followers you know
get something out of it but I don't
think he had that specifically in mind
I'm guessing that he was running it like
a system I can't read his mind
but I'm guessing he didn't have a
specific outcome in mind he just knew
what the salt salesmen knew then if I do
this good thing and ask nothing in
return something good might happen but I
don't think he necessarily did it for
that reason I think he just understands
the world at a deeper level and and the
reason I mentioned ethnicity is this is
the following point I've often thought
that one of the biggest one of the
biggest forms of I would call it almost
what's the word in industrial racism or
sort of built-in racism is that if
you're born a typical white kid and
you've got a successful white family
you're getting all this advice even if
you don't want you know just being born
in a family where you've got
entrepreneurs and people who are you
know going to college and stuff you're
just gonna sort of pick up advice and
that's got to be a tremendous advantage
over somebody who has some different
situation and they don't get the benefit
of that you know learning things by
osmosis just being around it and I've
often thought that there should be some
kind of a class or a lesson and doesn't
have to be for you know African
Americans in specifically but as a group
they may have less access to people who
have already made it and that's part of
the sort of intrinsic bias of arson
xiety is that there's some people just
don't have access to mentors so dr. funk
juice either by being smart or possibly
he had some good experiences with family
members who were also successful is on
to this secret very very powerful secret
now Kenny Sharon you know I would
imagine that if he has kids I don't know
if he has or he has them someday they're
going to have the benefit of his
experience and by osmosis they'll learn
what he did and maybe pick up some
tricks
how could you expand that to let's say
inner cities people who really needed it
when I wrote my book had it failed
almost everything and still went big I
was I was thinking in those terms but I
don't think I don't think that book
necessarily cracks every community so
anyway big call out to dr. funk juice
for being so smart about success in
particular
so thanks lat and thanks to the help
that's all I have for today and I will
talk to you all tomorrow