hey Daryl April come on in
here I hope that you got up early and
made a big pot of coffee that's how some
people say it coffee I say it
coffee but it's just as delicious either
way and if you're ready I hope you are
grab your cup your mug your glass your
Stein your thermos your t anchored your
chalice fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous
sip ah yes we'll do the simultaneous to
one of these days um that's on my to-do
list but
today let's talk about a a few things I
was thinking about border security and
about how uh both sides tend to talk
past each other
for example one side says the percentage
of crime from illegal immigrants is
lower and other people say but the
number of crimes is higher so they're
not even really talking the same
language so that allows them to talk
past each other without addressing the
point of the
other and I thought to myself wouldn't
it be
more um more accurate if if the concern
is a humanitarian
concern and we have some sense of how
much crime is happening uh not just
crime in the United States but crime in
terms of how many people are being
victimized on the in the process of
illegally immigrating if we have those
numbers couldn't we put our border
security objectives in terms of how much
crime you're willing to accept so for
example you go to the Democrats and say
I don't know what the number is but
let's say the number is
100,000 um rapes in X years whatever
that is so you go to the Democrats and
say our current rate with our current
border security is that 100,000 women
get raped every X years or every year or
whatever it
is what is your
goal and if you say well I think I'd be
okay with 95,000
rapes because that's sort of what
they're settling for which is a an
incremental Improvement on the border so
if it was
100,000 the and they're only willing to
you know reduce the rate of illegal Flow
by a little bit then they're okay with
95,000 so could we instead of talking
about price which is all we've been
talking about so far well it's not all
we've been talking about but we we tend
to focus on right is it 1 billion or is
it 5 billion is it 3 billion or is it
3.5 billion we and we end up starting to
think that price is the primary variable
just because we talk about it the
most but the one thing that both sides
agree is that1 to5 billion doar isn't
much money in terms of the whole budget
so since we are both sides concerned
about the humanitarian crisis could we
not say well the Republican goal is to
get the the amount of crime as close to
zero as possible so we're going to spend
to pursue our goal of getting
zero now you can't get to zero but you
can certainly you have that as a a
stretch goal and then you can say what
would be the competing goal how many how
many how many crimes are you trying to
get down to we're shooting for
zero um would you be okay with
100,000 so let's compare the compare the
two um aspirations the Republican
aspiration is for zero crime we don't
think we can get there but that's what
we're shooting for the Democratic
aspiration is for 100,000 rapes per
year because that's what they would be
willing to fund as long as as long as
both sides agree that you're not running
out of money
why don't you put the put the topic in
terms of the thing you care about the
humanitarian interest just a thought um
here's another thought I have not talked
about this yet so here's the first time
I've talked on this topic
transgenders
competing um and I want to be careful
since I rarely talk about this
topic um I want to make sure I'm using
the right language CU unlike many of you
I actually think it matters to refer to
people in the way they they're
comfortable being referred to and I
don't mind at all when any group says
hey stop using those words we prefer it
when you use these words because those
other words are offensive in some way
and so I'm I'm always okay with that if
if some if the elbonian want me to call
them some word I'm okay with
that um I I would do the same in person
so I would certainly do it you know on a
on a national scale if somebody wanted
me to call them by a certain name in
person I would certainly do that so I
just extend that same thinking so the
issue in the news is that someone uh
born
male
uh but now I guess could be described as
trans you know help me with the language
because if I use the wrong language it's
on potential so it's a transgender
person who born born male but is
competing in a female Sport and
winning so so some people are saying
that's no fair because you have whatever
genetic advantages of being born as a
male with maybe greater greater muscle
strength Etc so that's not fair some
people say it's not fair competing with
the women because you're just winning
everything you you're just basically
winning everything here's my opinion on
that totally okay with
it totally okay with the Trans uh
Community competing in the competing in
the area that is their current identity
here's
why you want to hear my
argument here's why do you ever
watch LeBron James compete against
somebody who is not LeBron James have
you ever seen LeBron James uh you know
running down the court in basketball and
there's a there's a a 6 foot2 guard
who's the only person left to defend the
basket do you know what happens to that
6 foot2 guard who's trying to stop
LeBron James one-on-one at a
basket it doesn't go well for the six
went to guard LeBron James treats him
like a rag
doll and here's the thing why is it fair
that LeBron James can play play
basketball why is that fair because you
look at the court and there's nobody
else on there's nobody else on the court
who can compete with him physically he
is physically
Superior to pretty much everybody else
on the court now the other team might
have a big guy and maybe you know maybe
that's a little bit closer in
competition but Sports is sports is
something that's completely um
predetermined that we enjoy by imagining
it's not all right so since I don't
believe in Free Will and I think the
world is largely
predetermined um the game is sort of
decided before you play because things
are only going to go the way they're
going to go if the Golden State War
Warriors are playing the worst team in
the league do you have to wonder who's
going to win you don't if if the Golden
State Warriors are perfectly healthy
there's not really much competition but
we still play the game you know if
they're playing let's say the the worst
team in the league there's not really
much
competition so my point is that every
competition is an unfair
competition when Tiger Woods goes out on
the golf course does he have the same
genetic composition as I do if I
practiced really hard could I play as
play as well as Tiger Woods I don't
think so I don't think so I think he
probably has better eyesight maybe hand
eye coordination he might you know his
his brain is probably wired in a way
that mine isn't isn't
argued there really is no such thing as
a a fair athletic event there are only
athletic events where you don't know how
they're going to turn out and and most
of the time you do know how it's going
to turn out most of the time you can
look at two teams and say oh there's
this is the number one team this is the
you know toward the bottom team we kind
of know how this is going to end but
you'll watch
anyway
so um given the sports are a random
collection of very unequal people
and and it shouldn't it should not
entertain us but it does I would say
that the the trans variable is just one
more
variable um it's kind of it's somewhat
of a random choice to say that you know
that men and women should be in
different
leagues I I get why we do that to make
the competition seem like it's a little
more fair but the fact is uh Sports in
general are this super unfair situation
where people who are bigger taller
faster you know smarter have amazing
advantages so if you just throw in
somebody else who has an amazing
Advantage it's just more of the same to
me all right I know you don't like that
but I thought I'd throw that in there
for controversy um I was amused that
Elizabeth
Warren somebody says that's moronic you
left out the reason
you left out the reason here's the thing
you either accept that Sports is
something where some individuals have
extraordinary advantages over other
people on this on the
field or you don't if you're okay with
some players can have extraordinary
advantages some people can be LeBron and
some people aren't if that's okay I
don't see why it makes any
difference uh if you allow trans to
compete where the most comfortable all
right Elizabeth Warren said she wants to
bust up the big tech companies Google
Amazon and Facebook what's the funniest
thing about Elizabeth Warren Warren
running for president saying she wants
to break up Amazon Google and
Facebook the funniest thing about that
is the only companies that can make her
the president of the United States are
Amazon
Google and
Facebook Elizabeth Warren might have the
worst political instincts of anybody
I've ever seen in my life somehow she
hasn't noticed that you can't become
president unless Google Facebook and
Amazon are you know kind of pushing for
you now Trump did but he didn't you know
he didn't uh rail against those
companies they were against him uh but
it's a little different when you're
you're trying to break them up and
destroy their business model I would not
expect fair treatment from Google or
Facebook if I were Elizabeth Warren so
on a strategic level is literally the
worst thing you could say to try to get
elected I can't imagine I can't imagine
a worse strategy for becoming president
than to go against the very companies
that can decide whether you get to
become president or
not now Trump
Trump obviously uh is a different animal
um if Elizabeth
Warren had Trump's game they would be
more of a fair fight but that's not the
case all right I'm seeing a lot of uh
speculation on the question of who is
the brain or brains who are the brains
behind AOC have you seen that a lot on
mostly social media so people are asking
me all the time
do you who who's the brains behind her
who is it who's you know advising her
because she keeps being successful in
the sense of getting all the attention
and you know managing she's going kind
of managing our thoughts about the
Democrats right now so who who's behind
her a number of people have pointed me
to
Clips video clips of her Chief of Staff
I don't remember his name doesn't really
matter and people said he he's the
genius look at this guy and uh I've
watched some clips of
him and uh I would say that he's I don't
think he's the genius behind your
persuasion it that doesn't come across
he might be very good at what he does
and some of that is the the data you
know the data or the strategy part so he
he could be very good at that I don't
know but um I don't say signs that he's
the persuasion expert my guess is my
guess is she's the she's the persuasion
expert so uh those of you who ask the
question you know who who are the brains
behind AOC I hate to tell you might be
her yeah that's my best guess my best
guess is that she is the brains behind
herself I see no reason to rule that out
because all evidence suggest she has she
has a lot of game all right now if I
haven't made you mad enough
yet here's the fun part um one of the
things I recommend for understanding
reality and understanding your place in
it is to keep a a uh mental
scorecard of how many hoaxes you fall
for because if you find that you keep
falling for hoaxes you should modify
your confidence about the next story
if you're always right and you always
see through hoaxes well maybe you could
raise your confidence about the next
story and so I'm going to talk about
some hoaxes and I want you to score your
own success now I will warn you in
advance some of these hoaxes you still
believe are
true so so so you're going to get you're
going to get a little worked up here in
a minute so I'm going to call some
things that many of you think are true
I'm going to call them
hoaxes but uh try to keep with the
concept the concept is that one should
keep a running scorecard of how many
hoaxes they fell for so I'll show you in
my case so here's here's some of my
lists did you fall for the fine people
hoax in other words did you fall for the
idea that the Trump called racist in
Charlottesville fine people he didn't
but it was reported as if he did I did
not so I give myself an a because I did
not fall for that one did you believe
that Q was a real Insider who had
secrets about uh president Trump's
Administration I did not if you did fall
for Q that's that's you know that's a a
mark on your record how about piz gate I
never fell for piz gate from the first
second I said no no so I never fell for
pizzagate did you if you did now by the
way I'm not going to say that the
podesta's artwork is totally
legit so I'm not going to go so far as
to say that there's no such thing as
people who have uh you know bad
instincts and and bad you know practices
but the the pizza gate part of it
specifically that there was a pizza
parlor that part I never believed
rush cusion I never believed
it Kavanaugh accusers I did think that
um Chris Christine whatever the first
one I thought her presentation was
credible at first but it fell apart
quickly and I certainly never believ the
the subsequent accusers that were kind
of ridiculous so um I don't believe the
accusers were telling the truth at this
point um the Vegas shooter when people
said it was Isis I said it is not when
Isis took they actually took credit for
it and I still said in public that it's
not Isis even though they it's very rare
for them to take credit for something
they didn't do I said yeah this time
they did it and I went against the grain
and I was
right Jesse Smet I never believed that
um I I stayed out of the conversation
just because I didn't want to yeah I
don't like to muck things up early on in
a story like that so sometimes I wait on
the the personal violence personal crime
ones I kind of waigh a little bit but I
never believ that one that was fishy
from the start the Covington situation I
got taken on that um I don't think I
don't think that's the worst problem in
the world because I was looking at it
with my own eyes usually if you're
falling for a hoax you're not looking at
it you know in real what you think is
real time and seeing it on video so it's
kind of rare to be taken like that um
but I was taken I quickly corrected when
when more information came out some
people believe there was a secret Sonic
weapon maybe the maybe the Soviets or
not Soviets maybe the Russians were
behind it uh I said no there is no
secret Sonic weapon at the embassies and
sure enough none has been discovered
um how many of you thought Michael
Jackson was innocent of accusations of
of Serial child
molestation uh I did not think he was
innocent and I watched the I just
watched the second part of the uh uh
leaving
Neverland situation and um I know some
of you may still disagree and I'll tell
you I had this weird situation where so
I watched the leaving Neverland um
special and in which there are two
people who give great details of you
know
yearslong uh abuse at the hands of
Michael Jackson
allegedly um in my opinion it's
completely
credible uh and I would say you know if
you if you put a gun to my head and said
you have to Bet Your Life did he do it
or did he not do it I'd say I'm not even
worried he totally did it click
so uh but somebody else who watched it
about the same time and went into it
believing that he was not guilty so
somebody who started out thinking he was
not guilty watched the same special I
did at the same time and decided well
he's probably still not
guilty now uh you can still argue about
it but the concept here is that you
should keep track of what you believed
so should you you know find a
confirmation one way or another um then
you can adjust your scorecard in my
opinion this is already confirmed so you
can you you can disagree with it at this
point but in the concept of keeping your
scorecard it's good enough for me that
um I've decided he he is guilty of the
crimes he's committed birtherism did you
ever believe that President Obama was
not a US citizen I never believed that
uh life abortions I don't know if you
can see
that uh many of you still
believe that uh there was ever any
intention for a live healthy baby to be
born and then the doctor and the mother
could say ah no we just we don't want
this baby let's just let it
die many of you still believe that that
was
proposed I believe that was never
proposed and was and is still a hoax all
right so I get I get it you don't think
that's confirmed in my opinion it's
confirmed in the sense that it would be
easy it would be easy to show this is
true and it's never happened it would be
easy just show the language and then
have somebody who supports the bill say
yeah that's that is actually what it
means it does mean a healthy baby is
born and and that we can let it die
that's exactly what the laws intended
and that's what somebody wants if you
don't hear that it's just not true uh
the context for this law as I understand
it I know I understand that lots of you
are saying I'm wrong I I see it don't
worry the context as I understand it is
that they're only talking about babies
who were in a hospice situation in other
words they were aborted in the you know
up to the last day of pregnancy they
were aborted and they did they did they
survived
but they do not look like they would
survive in other words they're not going
to last long it's a hospice situation so
I think that was the context those of
you who think it was not a hospice
context I believe you have fallen for a
hoax and people are saying be yes the
Virginia governor explained it yeah
there are two misleading videos one of a
Virginia governor who's who if you asked
him to follow up would clarify and then
there was the woman who was pushing it
who also said something
completely um out of
context those of you who believe this
hoax um I'm let me let me say as clearly
as possible to change my mind you would
just need to show me an interview with
somebody who explains it the way you
believe is true not an interview not a
clip right not a clip of those two
people so find somebody that is not the
governor in that one clip and not the
one clip of that that woman who was uh
doing a bad job of answering the
question so without those find any
evidence that somebody intended to let a
live baby that otherwise would survive
that they would let that die just just
make your case all right did you believe
that tax cuts would uh would bring in
more tax revenue than it would subtract
did you ever believe that the
president's tax cuts would lower the
national debt I didn't believe that and
sure enough it hasn't it hasn't worked
before so I didn't believe it this time
did you believe that uranium 1 was a big
uh you don't have to tell me about gnell
gnell is not part of this law that was
being uh that was being suggested
so that's not relevant to the question
um did you believe that uranium 1 was a
big
problem here you go sorry did you
believe that uranium 1 was a big problem
I did not you know what was always
missing from the uranium one story what
was always missing is that we can just
buy uranium and on the open market
anytime we want we can go we can go to
uh uh Australia or Canada and say hey do
you want to sell us some uranium and
they'd say yeah we got plenty it was
never there was never anything to except
a I think a Fox news
story uh climate
change let's call that an open question
whether or not that's a a a hoax in
either direction so it's either a hoax
that is not true or it's a hoax that
it's true but somebody's getting hoaxed
here my preliminary
opinion on climate change is this this
is preliminary because I'm still doing a
extended Research into it as sort of a
citizen
preliminary uh
preliminarily I would say that I could
uh say the following for
sure if you imagine that science in
general you know publish papers Etc are
wrong about half of the time which
apparently is true so half of all
published scientific papers turn out not
to be reproducible not to turn out not
to be solid then on top of that climate
change adds a what i' call a marketing
piece so where they say stuff such as
97% you know agree you don't have to be
a scientist to know that that's a BS
number and it's it's the way they count
it that matters it's not it's not a good
representative of the truth
representation of the truth because in
fact even the Skeptics agree with the
question the way it's asked the CO2 does
increase warming even Skeptics say that
they just don't think it's the problem
that the other side says so if you
take uh the best case scenario for
climate change is that probably half of
the studies are fake just like every
other scientific situation because about
half of all studies done out to be BS so
if half of the science is BS
in a normal way just every not
everything is right on the first try and
then there's a big chunk that's also
marketing
BS I would say that the climate change
issue it's very possible that 75% of
everything you hear about climate
change is wrong and still could be
exactly what the climate scientists say
is true so these two things would not be
in conflict you could have half of the
science wrong about climate change and
then on top of that you could have a
whole bunch of you know BS about that's
essentially marketing let's say the the
projection models the you know the
statements about the Hurricanes getting
worse and the Super Storms and the bad
predictions and all that so you could
have 75% of climate science be complete
 and still be completely
true that wouldn't even be unusual in
fact that's my care
my current opinion is that it's at least
75%
 which in no way changes the
possibility it's entirely true true
meaning that there's a big risk and that
humans are warming the planet I haven't
ruled that out but on the skeptical side
uh it's at least half
 for sure because you know I'm
no expert but even I can look at a lot
of the skeptical arguments so a lot of
the skeptical arguments are things such
as I think the climate scientists forgot
to include the
sun well I'm no expert but I'm pretty
sure the top scientists in the world
whether their climate or not didn't
forget the Sun so there are a lot of
things that um the Skeptics say that are
just so obviously that you know
that doesn't tell you that the other
things that other Skeptics say are also
wrong so it's entirely possible
that oh let's just pick a number for a
conversation it would be possible for
95% of everything that the Skeptics say
to be complete and still be
right they could be wrong about 95% of
their criticisms but if there's just one
thing they're right about that the
temperature isn't going up if that's the
only thing they're right about well they
win you know even if 95% of the stuff
they say is complete
 anyway Seth rich I know some of
you think that's an open question I
would just say that uh I don't have an
opinion on that but um in terms of let's
say when I say I don't have an opinion I
would say I don't believe Seth Rich was
married was murdered by Clinton people
so I don't believe it's true but I also
don't believe it's ruled out in the
sense that I suppose anything's
possible um Chemtrails are are
I'm not even going to talk about those
those are too ridiculous and then did
you believe that Trump was crazy that
you know that the 25th amendment should
kick in and and take him out I did not I
did not believe that and the evidence
suggests that he is not crazy all right
do you have other
uh other conspiracies that you want to
put on the
list so so those of you who are who are
angry that's
the oh the uh the Omar Scandal is a
hoax in was sense
all right uh yeah I didn't I did not
believe that OJ was innocent so I got
that one going yeah I thought I thought
OJ was
guilty um now ask yourself how many of
you
got well 911 um I'm pretty sure
911 was really an i Al-Qaeda
operation uh but the the question of
building seven I would say there's
there's some question about that but
that doesn't need but in terms of you
know why why something happened there
that's hard to explain I don't know we
don't know the why we just know there's
something about building seven that
doesn't doesn't fit the official
story um I just don't know
why so Syria gas attack I said was
fake um and we now know that at least
some part of the Syria gas stories were
faked I think we know that right what we
don't know is if there were real attacks
but to make those real attacks look
worse because they didn't film them did
they do a little faking to draw
attention to it so we we don't know if
the faking was really just marketing
something that really happened but they
didn't get any pictures that part I
think is still open to
debate somebody thinks Michael Jackson
is not guilty if you've seen the leaving
Neverland uh special uh you're allowed
to have that
opinion um
you're the Glenn Greenwald article on
Omar I don't know what he wrote about
Omar
would we flood if I ice caps keep
melting uh I don't know I'm not sure
that that falls into the hoax uh Area 51
I don't believe anything about captured
aliens I do not believe captured aliens
in Area
51 uh Charlesville plus Trump saying
white supremacy were good people well
that was the first one on the list the
fine people hoax uh I never believed
that he was talking about the racist as
fine people and of course he
wasn't uh yeah let's let's just talk
about the current
ones
Benghazi Benghazi is more of a
mystery so there's something about
Benghazi that doesn't make sense in
other words there's just information we
don't have that's as far as I could go
in Benghazi Catholic priest molesting
young boys I always believed that that
was happening massively and it is
is
um Bill Mah was rough on Michael
jacksson well yeah you ought to
be Iraq weapons of mass destruction okay
that's a good question weapons Iraq
weapons of mass
destruction uh I'm trying to go back in
time and remember what I believed about
that um I think I believe that they had
them I think I believe that with pretty
much everybody else at least
citizens vaccines causing
autism
um it's unlikely to me that the
antia are well I'm going to say let me
qualify this when people talk about
vaccinating versus not vaccinating there
are a few different
issues um one is whether there's
safe and the some of the anti-vaxers
have an argument that I find
intellectually um
intellectually
valid which is that when they test uh
when they test a vaccination it is not
tested in a package with all of the
other vaccinations so if if you test it
individually and your body is fine with
it you haven't really tested what
happens if you give somebody a package
of vaccinations all at the same time now
I think it's true that that hasn't been
tested now that's different from saying
we therefore know it's dangerous I just
think it hasn't been tested uh so that
would be a valid
concern without a
conclusion uh in terms of the people who
say I watched my child go from you know
a you know a good kid into some problem
right after
vaccination uh I don't believe most of
those are true I do believe given that
any kind of drug could have a uh could
have a bad effect for some people I do
believe it's entirely possible that in
some rare cases the vaccination is What
Hurts the
kid I'm sure that that could happen just
because that wouldn't that be true of
any Mass use of any chemical there's
going to be somebody who has a bad
reaction to it but in terms of the
number of U parents who have reported an
otally uh I would say that probably most
of those reports are confirmation bias
cognitive dissonance people looking to
blame somebody that's not themselves you
know somebody looking for an explanation
for something that's hard to explain so
I would not
[Music]
believe I wouldn't believe uh in General
parent
reports uh CU
there's they would they would not be
credible by their nature and then there
would also be coincidence because kids
get uh kids get vaccinated and then
there are also bad things that happen to
kids people you know their their minds
may snap at some point they may have
some other medical issue that you can't
identify so it seems very normal that
there should be if if you have a big
population so let's say you have a big
population some number of those kids are
having health problems for different
reasons all the time if you say now on
Tuesday we're going to give everybody in
this group a
vaccination what are the odds that
somebody in this big group has a
terrible health problem within a day of
getting a vaccination that's
100% because it would have happened
anyway there there getting health
problems all the time in this population
and some of them are going to get a
health
problem right after they got the
shot the parent is going to say well
that's not a coincidence I got the
vaccination the kid got a health problem
it's obvious it's obvious it couldn't
have been anything else but it isn't
obvious you would not be able to sort
out coincidence from that have you ever
seen Tony podesta's art I would say that
Tony podesta has a lot to
explain with his
art now uh having the art that Tony
podesta has which shows children in
various suspiciously non-artistic
contexts non-artistic meaning it's hard
to imagine how anybody would look at it
as standard art it looks more like a
celebration of young boys if you know
what I mean but
does your choice in art necessarily mean
you're violating the law in some
terrible way not really so I would not
say that his artwork is
confirmation I would say if I had to
bet you know if if you said look at Tony
podesta's artwork and now you have to
bet you don't you can't you can't recuse
yourself you have to
bet is there something we should worry
about there or is is no big deal if I
had to bet I'd say there's something to
worry about I would say the odds of
somebody having that artwork and also
having a totally let's say legal and
innocent approach to life is
low it's low but it's not guaranteed so
I would not want to live in a world
where people could be accused of crimes
because of their choice of
art so
uh I would only talk about Tony podesta
because he's already in the news but
other words otherwise I think it's an
inappropriate it's an inappropriate line
of
conversation uh you know if I didn't
invent this topic so it's already out
there um but I I wouldn't talk about it
on my own just because I thought oh
somebody with this kind of artwork must
be a criminal that that's not a
connection you want to make or or a
world you want to live in
uh somebody says if it quacks like a
duck you that's probably one of the
worst uh rules of thumb you could ever
have somebody said if it if it walks
like a duck and quacks like a duck it's
a
duck maybe there was a time that used to
be true maybe it was there was a time
when you could just look at something
and say all right this is just so
obvious what the hell else could it be
maybe there was a time but we don't live
in that time now you know now if you see
a video of the Covington kids you say to
yourself well I'm looking right at it if
it walks like a duck and quacks like a
duck whoops it's fake
news
so uh these days you should not trust
that rule I think it used to be a
reasonably good rule rule of thumb but
it's no longer a good
rule uh Tim p and Joe Rogan talking
about Twitter and YouTube I don't know
which part would be the hoaxy part aam
Razer of course is an
illusion it's a good concept that that
the simplest explanation for something
is is probably the right one I like it
as a concept in practice we all think
our explanations are the simple one
here's an example create aist how did
the world get created simple God did
it simple then you talk to the uh
evolutionary biologist hey evolutionary
biologist how did the world get created
you know how did all these species get
created and the evolutionist just says
Evolution
simple what's simpler than that things
change over time we already know that's
true
simple right so everybody thinks their
explanation of reality is the simple one
which tells you that that rule is
useless if we all think we see the
simple explanation and well how about
that it
just coincidentally it uh it matches my
opinion is God a hoax uh I'm going to
answer that
with uh famous atheist Richard Dawkins
quote which which is that as an atheist
uh he only believes in one less God than
you do because if you think about it
there are a lot of religions a lot of
religions a lot of different versions of
God the difference between somebody who
has chosen one of those gods and of and
of all the different religions and
different versions of gods if you've
only chosen one of them to believe
you're only one different from an
atheist they just believe one few are
God now sort of a you know clever funny
way to say it but uh the answer
is that if you believe that out of all
those religions you pick the right one
well you could be
right you might be you might be right
maybe you picked the right one it's
possible but if you're confident about
that well that's more of a lifestyle
choice
um somebody says the difference between
believing in one and zero is immensely
more than one and the percentage of
people who can't get a
joke just about 30% of the population
yes I know it's not technically similar
that believing in one God is very close
to believing in no Gods it's a joke
that's a
joke how about intelligent design
intelligent design
uh in let let me uh give you some
context back in the 90s I wrote a book
called The Dilbert future and I made the
following provocative uh
prediction that has haunted me and
become quite a problem in my
career but I'm also right so I took a
chance that I could get beat up for 20
years
in return for being right because if
you're right about something that you've
been beat up for 20 years it's it's a
nice payoff right so I was right about
President Trump winning the election I
got beat up for a year and a half but I
was right right so here it is in the 90s
I made the following prediction I said
that the theory of evolution and let me
remind you that in scientific terms
Theory means true in in conversation
when you say something is a theory you
mean it might be true might not be it's
just a theory but when scientists talk
about the word theory they mean we know
it's true that's what it means in
science terms the theory is true so the
theory of evolution means that the
scientific Community has a consensus not
everyone of course but as a solid
consensus says that evolution is true I
predicted in the '90s that in scientific
terms not religious terms but in
scientific terms that science would
debunk
Evolution specifically because we gained
a new understanding of reality
itself so I did not predict the
evolution would be debunked uh in favor
of the Bible I did not predict that it
would be debunked in favor of a
religious
um interpretation nor did I say that it
would be debunked in terms of um
intelligent
design now for 20 years when I do
anything in public or write anything
somebody will appear on in the comments
and say this freaking idiot said that
evolution is is uh not true and that he
must be a creationist Etc so they they
make some assumptions which are not in
evidence well time goes by and now we
have simulation
Theory simulation theory is supported by
actual scientists there are people who
work in the scientific Community uh Nick
Bostrom being the primary one but other
other people have joined the joined the
band and the ideas that uh if a society
such as ours could create a simulation
in which the creatures in the simulation
believe they were real then it probably
is already happened and it may have
happened thousands or millions or
trillions of times already and therefore
the odds of us being an original species
when there would be so many copies and
simulations for each species that
reaches our level of
sophistication uh the odds that were an
original it's possible but it's very
very
low so if my opinion that
interpretation is very close to being
proven out meaning that
Evolution doesn't make sense if we're a
simulation if we're a
simulation wait for it here's the key if
we're a
simulation then we're writing the past
as we go in other words the past didn't
exist it's something we discover in the
present and it gets Rewritten the way a
video game would put in scenery but only
when your character enters that new
place all right so if a video game adds
scenery to a situation that your
character has not yet visited it's as if
it added history it's as if it added the
past because those those brains in the
simulation in the video game are a story
of the past you know they started as a
seed they grew so a video game creates
history in the present and there's
evidence that we do the same because if
um if you look at there's something
called the double slit experiment in
physics and you can you can you can
prove and this is very repeatable
experiment that you can change the
past uh I won't try to explain that
because the double slit experiment is
very confusing so just you know go
Google it if you want want to read up
and it'll break your brain but basically
if somebody can see something or if
there is a measuring device you can
change what happened in the past and
that's that's understood science now if
it's true that you can change the past
and it seems that we've proven that that
would tell you that whatever you used to
think about
time was wrong we don't know if it's
wrong in a big way or a small way but
you were certainly wrong if you thought
that the past causes the present and
that's the end of the story it could be
that the past causes the present the
present sometimes causes the past could
be complicated but at the very least
it's not a Straight Arrow of time the
way you the way Evolution
requires all right
um somebody says what makes you
angry uh I usually get angry at product
that are poorly made there's nothing
that makes more more Angry than using a
product that was designed to be used in
the dark quite often and it has a black
interface on a black product so you
can't see the
buttons now here's an example of a good
product right this is is made of color
that's easy to find you don't even need
to see any buttons it doesn't even have
any buttons these are the earbuds from
Apple this is like a fantastic product
whoops I just kicked myself on offline
by doing that I think
um so it's it's a white color so it's
easy to see and low light there are no
buttons to find this is a product that
got
tested um compare that to the um to the
jack on the bottom of your
iPhone how many times have you tried to
get that Jack and you know to get the
cable in there and you're
like or worse yet the micro USB that's
it's got a right side up and a wrong
side up how many times have you put it
in a micro USB and it's upside down and
you're like try the other way and then
it doesn't work the other way either and
you realize that really the first way
was the way be and you just didn't have
it lined up so you turn it back to the
first way and then it doesn't go in
again you realize really that it was the
second way that was the right way and
you already tried it but you didn't have
it lined up so you go back to the second
way who tested
that these are so poorly designed do you
know how easy it would be to fix this
problem of finding the hole it would be
really easy it would be really easy all
you'd have to do is make the the plastic
approach to the hole funneled so that if
you're if you got anywhere near it in
the funnel and you kept going down the
funnel would take you into the into the
Jack all you'd have to do is make that
opening a little wider and
funneled and it just goes right in
simplest thing in the world all
right uh apple apple certainly fixed one
thing which was by making the the cable
work upside down and right side up that
was that was of course great but they
need to fix the entry to the you know
the tapered entry till you get the
tapered entry you got
nothing
uh wireless charging yeah Wireless
chargings okay all right I think I've
said enough that's enough for now I got
to go do some work and I'll talk to you
uh later but not until
I say that you should try interface by
whenhub um we now have added a donation
button so anybody who got deplatformed
or just wants to have another place if
you're a Creator and you want to raise
funds you can get donations on the
interface by whenhub app and if you're
an expert of anything or you just want
to be somebody who gets paid for your
time online you could go on there and
you could you could help the world uh
especially looking for people who are um
addiction counselors and addiction folks
they would be highly um highly useful on
the app all right that's enough for now
and I'll talk to you later