see what you're up
to and then we'll have the show you
deserve let's
see there we
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time in your
whole life but if you want to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a cup or
muger a glass of Tanger chel Ain a
canteen juger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid ey
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and
it's going to happen right now go
well if you're wearing
pants you might be in the minority today
based on the comments I'm seeing a lot
lot of pantsless viewers today some my
favorites all right well uh after the
show um Owen Gregorian will have a
spaces on the xplatform that's the audio
only thing so look for that
if you're trying to find it just go to
my account onx you can see the link or
Owen Gregorian you could just look for
his name and it'll pop
up did you know according to science
alert that caffeine in your blood could
lower your body fat and diabetes
risk yes you did cuz coffee can do it
all yep I like to put it right in my
blood I just inject it right in there
along with the you know the bleach and
the disinfectants does a great job no
don't do that don't put any bleach or
disinfectant or coffee in your your
blood but it's good for you at the
coffee part well it's a black history
month and uh despite Trump getting rid
of all the Dei in the government he did
do a proclamation recognizing it and he
called out some of the notable famous uh
black contributors to America he
included Frederick Doug Douglas Harriet
Tubman and then also threw in more
modern names like Thomas sell and
Clarence
Thomas well here's my take on
that I think Black History Month was a
great
idea I also think affirmative action was
necessary um you know even though it
didn't work out for me didn't work out
for me but we probably needed to do
something to to Kickstart things to to
get a little more openness and diversity
and all that however it's
2025 when I see black history month do I
say to myself wow uh black people have
contributed so much to
America well yes that that's sort of the
point of it but I already knew
that and all you have to do is turn on
the television and it's full of
successful black people in every domain
every domain politics
entertainment so it feels like having
your own month is now you know went from
a good idea a solidly good idea to it
feels a little
condescending it it feels like it's it's
not giving black Americans what they
hoped for and it just sort of looks like
a pat on the head it's almost it's
almost like we should have outgrown by
now and let me ask you this do you think
Thomas Soul would be happy that his name
was on the list of uh great black
Americans I don't know but I'm not
entirely sure he'd be happy about being
on the list and you know I'm no expert
on Thomas Soul or I can't read his mind
but here's what I think he'd like a lot
more uh some great American
economists include this person this
person Thomas
Soul how about just being on the list of
you know really important unusually
effective economists now that's a
compliment and then just be done with it
so um I don't think I'm too far off base
because P Heth in the Department of
Defense um said that no longer will the
Department of Defense host or celebrate
any of these cultural awareness months
now if you don't know how many there are
besides Black History Month there's
women's History Month Asian American and
Pacific Islander Heritage Month you got
pride month you got National Hispanic
heritage months National disability
employment awareness month and National
American
Indian American Indian Heritage Month
well I call that Native American cuz I'm
not a racist my God anyway so you could
go to these events but you can't do
anything in your official capacity if
you're in the Department of Defense I
think that is the
correct the correct point of view for
the Department of
Defense um because if they're focused on
anything but their
lethality as P ath likes to point out
they're taking her taking their eye off
the ball now obviously you can't spend
24 hours a day working on your lethality
you know there are other things in life
but I I do think this is a step in the
right direction because as soon as you
call out some groups all the other
groups are going to say where's my
month I say it where's my
month why why don't I get a month I
don't know everybody else did over at
Stanford University they use their AI to
uh look at
faces and uh apparently they can tell if
you're gay or straight by looking at
your face we've talked about this before
but it made me think do you remember
maybe it was the I don't know 60s or 70s
you know that's as far as I can remember
back but there was this conversation
about whether being gay was genetic or
just people chose
it and I I would always laugh in
thinking it's obviously it's obviously
genetic and the reason I said is
obviously genetic is that you could tell
who was gay by looking at him could you
really tell who's gay by looking at him
if it if it were not just baked into the
genetic
components no so when I see that
Stanford says you know not they can't do
it 100% of course but they have a high
uh High hit rate of knowing if you're
gay or straight from your
photo how could it be anything except
genetic if you can tell by looking at a
photo the the only way the only way it
wouldn't be genetic
um and by the way I don't know if
anybody's found any specific genetic
link you know I I don't know if they've
gone that far but how could
lifestyle make your face recognizably
gay assuming you washed it
um don't even think about
that all right I just cracked myself up
and I'm taking this in a completely
wrong direction but um yes I think have
always wanted us to to
acknowledge that this is some it's the
way you're born and it's nobody's fault
it's nobody's Choice it's just the way
you're born and I think the face the
face T is proof that they were right all
along
Amazon um looks like it might be getting
ready to advertise on X again which
would be a big
deal um and I think the correct the
correct decision
I guess apple is also looking at x
deciding whether to go back on that's
pretty good boy there's nothing like a
winning is there if if Elon Musk had not
been on the winning team in politics and
that gave him a big role and you know
what's happening right now at least the
advisory role um plus
Doge do you think that the big companies
would be so happy to re-embrace
X I don't know
I I think they would have had other
pressure from Democrats but the Democrat
Party just fell apart and Doge and musk
and Trump are doing great so it makes
perfect sense if you're a big American
company to get on the side of the
winners there's nothing wrong with that
there's nothing wrong with saying you
know what I think we'll adjust our track
and you know try to be more compatible
with the country so good job Amazon and
apple heading in the right direction
ction uh speaking of
meta we weren't but lets um Mark
Zuckerberg uh of
meta is uh looking into exiting Delaware
and reincorporating in Texas now if you
didn't know for a very long time
corporations like to register in
Delaware even while having no business
in Delaware and the reason was it was
the Delaware laws are kind of friendly
to corporations but there's some judge
there that went after you know that went
after I guess you could say went after
uh Elon Musk and that sent a Big Chill
because musk was saying you know you
should get your get your corporation out
of there because they can go after you
so Delaware seems to be politicized and
if you're a big company and you don't
want to be part of that risk you're
going to have to get out of Delaware so
met is doing I think exactly the right
thing so again good
decision Richard
grenell apparently succeeded in getting
six I guess they were called hostages
and a
Venezuela now what's the follow-up
question to that that Rick renell got
six American hostages out of Venezuela
the follow-up question is there were six
hostages in
Venezuela why is this the first time I'm
hearing about it that seems like that'
be a bigger story six American hostages
held in
Venezuela
well I love the fact that Richard
grenell is sort of like a a trump loaded
weapon and he can he can point Richard
grenell at any situation and you feel
confident that the right person's taking
care of it so I'm surprised Richard
grenell doesn't have an official job in
the administration right and I don't
believe he has an official title but
just the fact that he's sort of
available to do
missions is kind of
awesome would you like to have just a
Richard grenell on call so that when
Trump needs to send somebody somewhere
and get something done in another
country you just send the one who knows
how to get it done I I suspect that
grenell is more effective because when
he walks into the room if the other
country has done their homework they
know he's talking talking for Trump like
they're they know they're not going to
put like a wedge like H we'll get this
guy to you maybe see our side of it or
something like no when grenell walks in
the room you know that Trump's
preferences are going to be there and
that's the end of the story so that
probably makes him a lot more effective
that and the fact that whatever he does
in general seems to be effective so I
love this so got six Americans out of
Venezuela meanwhile Colombia
which uh gave Trump a hard time very
temporarily uh for shipping back the uh
Colombian immigrants or migrants and
remember the president of Colombia said
hey you can't land here and then it
turned into well how about we send the
presidential airplane to pick him up
because really what we care about is the
repatriation is dignified so it's not
about whether they come back it's about
whether it's a dignified return
so he's uh he's taken it to the next
level and he's offered to pay for all
the Colombians coming
home so I guess he doesn't want to use
the presidential jet for every flight of
course but uh Colombia I think without
being prompted because there's nothing
here about negotiating I think he just
said how about we'll pay to bring them
home and I'll make sure that it's a
dignified return home to which I say
yeah it's saving f face right so he's
he's doing a clever little move to Safe
face so now we can say well no it was
always just about just about
dignity okay I'll let him have that if
he's going to pay some of our bills
because do you know how much it costs
for a flight to ship anybody back to
their native country it's like an
amazing amount of money to ship people
back so if Colombia wants to pay that
amazing amount of money and we're going
to get what we want good all right no
problem uh Trump signed an executive
order to get rid of uh 10 regulations
for every new one that's
added I think that's exactly what it was
before or was it give me a fact check
was in his first term was it 10 to1 or
was it a different ratio that you had to
get rid of 10 regulations to get a new
one it was either 10 to1 or something in
that neighbor
and uh I love
it it seems like it worked the first
time why wouldn't it work again so good
job Trump meanwhile the
FCC is demanding the CBS turn over the
tape from I guess it was 60 minutes when
they interviewed KL Harris now the FCC
would get
involved um I guess to make sure that
people got equal time and that that an
interview was not so biased that maybe
it turned into a campaign ad so the
accusation is that uh KL Harris was so
incoherent with their usual word salad
Babble that 60 Minutes had to splice in
edits just to make her sound like she
wasn't an
idiot I don't think it changed any
opinions I don't think It reversed any
opinions they they simply use bits from
other answers so that things she said
made sense for a change now that's
extreme I mean that's that's way over
the line so yes I'd like to see the FCC
look into
that meanwhile the uh Trump
Administration is taking down a lot of
websites in the government especially if
they have Dei references so they're
putting a pause on most federal
government websites and the idea is to
dig down and get rid of all the D
references so uh well we'll see how long
it takes you know the the Dei people are
going to burrow into other jobs and
change their names and hide the projects
and hide the budgets and they're going
to do everything you know creepy and
illegal to stay to keep doing what
they're doing but we'll see it does seem
like Trump and the administration are
pretty dead set on rooting out all this
Dei it's going to take a while won't be
easy
um but over on uh over at MSNBC
according to the Daily color news
Foundation uh one of the hosts Anna
Cabrera she said on Friday that's
yesterday that there are plenty of data
points that prove that diversity equity
and inclusion enable business to have
greater
success are they
really I I think the plenty of data
points would actually be
none because how could you sort
how much better you did because of
diversity now even if you accept that
diversity improves your bottom line
somehow even if you accept that how can
you measure
it I mean what what possible way would
you have to know that oh it's a good
thing we have we went from uh 8% black
employees we got up to
14% And then what your profits went up
that month so you say it must be because
of all the diversity how in the world
would you know that diversity made a
difference so it's absurd on its face
it's not something you possibly measure
and even if you tried to measure you
know the company that added diversity
versus the one that didn't that's still
a nonsense comparison you know they're
probably different businesses
everything's different
anyway so uh MSNBC is just floundering
trying to hold on to the thing that was
always a lie
uh but they got caught in the
lie so uh Trump apparently took a
question about uh why he wasn't going to
visit the crash site of the uh the
airplanes the helicopter in airplane
that went in the
pomac and
uh and when they asked you know the the
normal way that you would answer that
question do you want to visit the crash
site it would be something like oh yeah
you know we're we're waiting until it's
the right time or we're looking into it
and Trump go and Trump goes it's in the
water what do you want me to do swim
there now that is the way to answer a
dumb question you you do it with mocking
and you do it with humor and you refuse
to you know answer it in any normal way
now even even Bill Mah on his show last
night called that as the right answer
you know if you can ask him dumb
questions he gets to give
you you know funny
answers so it and more generally it's
hilarious to watch Bill Maher become
more and more prot Trump but still have
to look balanced so he's got to come up
with some anti-trump stuff to balance
the prot Trump stuff and it's really
hard to come up with the anti- stuff
because the anti- stuff is about stuff
he hasn't done
well he might steal your
democracy but has he has he stolen your
democracy no no but I think he
might so the things he does you kind of
like yeah yeah I liked it when he closed
up the Border but the things he hasn't
done are your entire your entire problem
are the things he hasn't done says he
won't do and nobody in his party would
support which is becoming a dictator
so I I think I think Bill Mah might get
there
someday I don't know if you've seen it
yet but there's a photo of the Mars um
surface that includes some kind of a
image that looks to be perfectly Square
meaning it looks like the the broken
down walls of a square City you know or
a a building but when they say perfectly
Square you know I know what I see in the
picture that's perfectly square and it's
big it's not like a small object so for
a large object to be perfectly
Square that's
uh does suggest that there was some life
up on
Mars now here's how these things usually
go because this is sort of a repeat of
there used to be remember there was a
face on
Mars and you look at the photo and you'd
say to yourself that's definitely a face
I see it there's this giant face like a
like a statue had fallen over and gotten
partially covered by the dust but it
sure looked like a face and then the the
photography experts say uh okay here's
that same spot but from a different
angle and it's just a rock it's just a
rock so there there was something unique
about an exact camera angle that cast
some Shadows that made it look like it
was a face but from every other angle it
was just a
rock now I
think if well so I have two competing
thoughts when I look at the photo I say
to myself that's got to be some sign of
life that used to be in Mars but when I
check my common sense and my context I
know that this is the one of the most
common
stories about the moon you don't think
this is just going to be one of those
well it's because it's not really square
but if you look at it from this angle
it's the angle that makes it look like
it's square and you know it's there's
something about the light and you know I
I would bet against it if you said you
got to put a million doll bet down that
it's really a sign of life or there's
something about the way the photo was
taken the angle
whatever I don't know what kind kind of
angle could make something look huge and
perfectly square like I'm not aware of
anything that a camera can do that would
turn a nonsquare thing into a perfect
square so my brain is not
accepting that it's anything but a sign
of life but my rational part of my brain
which is operating at the same time sort
of in parallel says you know but if you
get a bet on it with real money you
should bet against it because if you bet
against every other claim of this type
through through the decades you would
have won every bet so yeah then there's
also the question of whether it's a real
photo but apparently the database with
the photos is available for others to
check yeah and there's at least one
version where it's not so square at all
so I'm going to bet against it but it's
fun um so the LA
times wrote an article saying
essentially that Trump was right about
the water problems in
California that that they were
essentially
self-caused yeah somebody showing me a a
photo now in
which uh it's definitely not a human
structure so it looks like it well no
let me
see could it be I don't
know yeah it's ambiguous I'm going to go
with it will never it will never check
out as
a something built by an intelligent
species anyway the LA Times says Trump's
right about the water supply in
California and Trump was bragging that
he got some extra water turned on even
more than we heard about the other week
and that the water is flowing in
California and all you had to do is turn
the
spigot so
there's something wrong with that
story and let let me summarize the story
about the California water and you tell
me what I'm missing CU I know for sure
that my understanding of the story
couldn't possibly be right but it's what
I'm gleaning from the report all right
so here's me summarizing what I think I
know about California water and
Trump yeah so the narrative goes there
some evil goblins in California
presumably Democrats were preventing
citizens farmers and firefighters from
having the water that was in abundance
so the water was in abundance just these
evil goblins were preventing it and the
reason the Goblins act as they do uh is
a combination of uh hatred for Humanity
plus something about a
fish however Trump fixed it all by
ordering someone to turn on the
water now that's the story I'm reading
do you really think that the evil Goblin
trolls with their hatred of humanity
wanted to prevent everybody from having
water and the solution was to have
somebody powerful say turn on that water
and then they turned it on and it's all
good I think something's missing from
the
story so I was trying to get to the
bottom of it before Showtime um and I
don't know the answer yet but I'll give
you some hints the there are some
California Water experts who say uh you
don't want to drain the reservoirs now
because you're going to need it later
during Fire
season okay is that a thing is it
possible that uh Trump can let a bunch
of water out but then later will be in
worse shape I don't know uh others other
water experts in California say if you
do it too fast you'll flood areas that
we normally could manage without any
flooding is that a thing will there be
some extra flooding that we didn't know
about and then other people say well you
can release the water but it doesn't go
to the right place you know it's going
to end up somewhere where you don't need
it anyway is that true or can the
farmers open up new Fields because they
have water and they can rely on it I
don't know so
the I'm not sure if the LA Times
answered all these questions but I feel
like everything about this story sounds
like
 that's what I think now I'm not
saying that Trump didn't
help there there's at least a 50% chance
that that's exactly what happened that
California was unable to do the common
sense logical things Trump just forced
them into it maybe maybe but I'm pretty
sure we're not here in the whole story
here so hold your powder on that one you
probably heard there's a another Jet
crash it was a small jet uh that did
some kind of uh medical flights I think
it was Mexican Nationals were on it and
they brought a uh young Mexican girl to
America for some treatments that I guess
were not available in in her
hometown and uh sadly it the plane went
down with half a dozen people on it and
uh they're all deceased of course
now one thing that's different about
these plane crashes is that it seems
like no matter where there's a
crash somebody had a ring
camera that got good footage of it so
there's unusually good footage of the
actual Crash from from all the cameras
in the world so I don't know how many
times small aircrafts the size of this
one crash but I think it's way more than
we know I don't even think it makes
national news like if a you know little
uh Cessna goes down somewhere does it
make national news I don't know but uh
there's probably a lot more small
airplane accidents than we know
about well the New York Post is
reporting that uh speaking of that plane
crash uh that the Army is not going to
name the female pilot killed the board
the
military
okay now until this
morning uh there were a lot of you
saying um it's a Dei problem and that
when you found out who was piloting it
you know you you'd find out it's some
kind of Dei hire now I said no don't go
there there there's no evidence of that
if ever there is evidence of it then I'm
with you but don't go there without
evidence
it the only thing we know for sure is
that uh Dei should should be breaking
all of our systems it should by design
it should make everything break now even
Bill Maher did an extended piece last
night about how all of our systems in
the country are
broken does that sound
familiar that's
me how many times have I told you uh you
realize that all of our systems are
broken all of them from Health Care to
Fin and when when I say broken I mean
corrupt um from Health Care to finance
to politics to you name it you name it
and I've been saying that for a while
but when Bill Mar says it the difference
is he's still not to the point where he
can give a reason for
it I feel like he and he might be right
by the way yeah he might think it's just
the Natural Evolution of organizations
they might start out as a good idea but
then they evolve and their budget's too
big and they do Dei hiring and you know
they lose sense of the mission and it
all falls
apart but I don't think you can ignore
the
fact that Dei predicts complete
destruction of all of our
systems by focusing on the wrong stuff
now again it has nothing to do with
anybody's DNA has nothing to do with
your culture it's not about your gender
it's none of that the the problem with
Dei is it forces you away
from uh hiring only the best and toward
making sure you hit your de quota so
humans being humans are going to make
sure they hit the quota that's easiest
to measure and the easiest one to
measure is always the you just count the
number of people and say what are you
it's the easiest one for measuring it's
the easiest one so of course in the real
world people people manage to whatever
will be measured and their bonus depends
on it so uh yeah everything's falling
apart but it turns out that this pilot
that I had been telling you stop saying
to EI you know you don't know anything
about the actual crew it's a female
pilot now that doesn't mean the pilot
made a mistake we're we're miles away
from saying the pilot made a mistake the
there's there's nothing connecting
female pilot to Pilot mistake there
might be I mean at some point in the
future but even that wouldn't prove Dei
as a problem it might prove One One
Pilot as a problem but here's what I've
heard
from U my pilot friend and I think other
Pilots have said something like it that
the the real reason for the crash is
probably uh several factors it's very
unlikely there's just one thing one of
the factors is the airport's way busier
and more dangerous and Pilots have been
complaining about it forever another is
that Pilots have said you know you don't
want the the
helicopters doing too much there because
they're going to be in the way so now
they've stopped the helicopter traffic
there so that was part of it some of it
was maybe the training wasn't as good as
it could have been some of it was the
tower was ambiguous so the thinking is
it was sort of a perfect
storm of a bunch of things going wrong
in the context of it was easy for the
those things to go wrong but if only one
of those things had gone
wrong probably you could have
recovered it looks like a bunch of
things went wrong at the same time which
was perfectly predictable because of the
complexity and the nature of the problem
so if you have a an
increasingly complicated flying
environment which they did and a
decreasingly decreasingly small number
of people who are working in the tower
which we did see more traffic more
complexity fewer people handling the
traffic and the complexity what are you
going to what's it going to be I mean
there's only one way that goes so it was
sort of an evitable but maybe this was
the wakeup call to fix some of that but
we cannot blame the female pilot and I
completely understand why the family
doesn't want to release the name because
it would be a Feeding Frenzy if they did
just a Feeding Frenzy so let me say it
again I'm not in favor of blaming
individual problems on Dei that's going
to be a losing proposition you're just
going to turn yourself into you know you
look like a jerk even if you're
right sometimes you'll probably be right
that that's exactly the problem and it
and the one individual is exactly the
problem but if you don't know that it's
kind of messed up it's kind of messed up
if you don't know it
so I think we can say Dei should destroy
everything sooner or later because it's
designed that way but you can't say much
about any one person in one act usually
usually sometimes you will be able to
but usually
not anyway uh let's see the FAA is uh
embroiled in lawsuit because apparently
they turned away a th000 applicants
based on race New York Post is reporting
this so a thousand applicants were
turned away now these are the people who
could have you know maybe been in that
Tower so they had proper uh proper
amount of employees working
there um but I think this goes back to
2015 or something it's an older law suit
that's kicking
around so just know that uh you can you
can draw a straight line between not
enough people in the tower and Dei
hiring I think straight line exists I
feel that that's demonstrated enough
that you can say yeah at the very least
at the very
least it's a reason there are not enough
people working at the very
least all
right I guess Trump's going to put some
tariffs on chips and steel and Pharma
and oil that's all coming and when he
was asked hey won't that increase
inflation now or relas the prices
um because if it costs more for
everything we
import well who's paying for it
eventually those costs get and not even
eventually pretty quickly those costs
get passed on to the consumer so if
Trump puts a tariff on everything coming
into the
country doesn't that largely
guarantee that
uh that well we get some come from the
Tariff the the government would but I
think that's paid by the American
companies that are importing so seems to
me that uh it would cause prices to go
up if the price of everything goes
up let me say it again if the price of
everything goes up won't that cause the
price of everything to go up it's a
pretty direct
line but Trump's argument is is weirdly
good and his argument is we had tariff
in my first term and no
inflation when I say no inflation it's
it's actually okay to have a little bit
so what he had was a little bit it it
was within the this is no problem range
so that is a good
point if he's already done if he's
already done pretty big
tariffs and we had no
inflation there's at least there's at
least one data point that says you can
do this so that's a pretty good response
I guess we'll have to keep an eye on it
and see how it
works and of course the tariffs on
Mexico and Canada and China are going
into effect um Trump explains that as
partly Revenue partly just having Fair
trading agreements with their Partners
making things more fair but also largely
because of the fentanyl trade so it's
coming across both of our borders and
China is the originator of the raw
materials that the cartels and others
are turning into
fenel
so um we'll see if we'll see if a tariff
makes any difference now my guess is the
Tariff will not really change anything
because if the Govern if the government
of Mexico had any ability to stop it or
any will to stop it I guess I think it
already would have happened so I'm not
really expecting pressure on the
governments to have any impact on the
cartels because the cartels you know
don't care if the if the alleged
government gets pressure they just care
if they get pressure but speaking of
that uh Pete
exf has announced that because the uh
cartels are designated as terrorist
organizations thanks to Trump that uh
they can now the Department of Defense
can use special ops against the Mexican
cartels uh when asked about that um heg
Seth gave the correct answer which is
all options are on the table meaning it
doesn't mean that we mobilized you know
to you know yesterday but it might mean
that it might mean that we mobilized and
the special forces are ready to go in or
already have gone in and we haven't
heard about it so that is exactly what I
want to see I want to see the Special
Forces take on the
cartels and I want
to um I want to see the the uh tariffs
get the governments of those countries
on
board you put it all together and I
don't think it's going to stop
fenel hate to say but I don't think
it'll be
enough uh but you have to do it you you
can't just let people be dying like
crazy without trying something so if you
can't if you can't stop it at the source
you can't stop people from trying to get
it
I don't know what do you do I don't know
but I'm quite appreciative of this for
reasons you know I lost my stepson in
2018 to a
overdose all
right FBI is experiencing massive
firings so CNN's reporting that uh and
of course this is part of the cleaning
house of the Trump Administration dozens
of FBI agents who worked on the January
6 cases have been let go
um and agents who worked to investigate
Trump's handling of the classified
documents Leto and those who
investigated the 1600 um January 6
attendees seems like they'll be let
go
and it's being reported that uh many of
the agents initially had quals about
taking those assignments the ones that
are getting fired for those assignments
they had quals about taking them cuz
they believed that uh you maybe it would
come back and bite them in the
ass yes your instinct was right if you
take those illegitimate
jobs and the other team gets in power
you're in
trouble now I do have I do have some
sympathy here if you're just trying to
make your career work and your boss says
you're going to work on this January 6
thing or you're going to work on you
know the marago
thing are you going to say you know
honestly I have a philosophical problem
with this if you do I'm guessing that's
the end of your
career so there must be a lot of people
who didn't feel like they had a choice
so I'd feel bad for them but I'm going
to give you an alternate point of view
so that you don't see them as poor
victims just doing their job and mean
old Trump is coming into to get rid of
them I'd like to give you a reaction
from Julie Kelly who you might know has
been following the January 6 thing very
closely she's attended courtroom stuff
and knows the most probably about the
situation of anybody I know and uh
here's what she says it appears that
between 30 and 40 of the j6 uh line
prosecutors were fired today now I think
she's talking about the
doj um I can only guess how much how
much pleasure their victims take at this
astounding news so there are two things
happening you know there's the purging
of the FBI but separately the purging of
the
doj and uh Julie Kelly says kudos to the
acting U Deputy AG ail Bo blah blah blah
uh and she said here's here's the payoff
for three years I watched these
prosecutors in discussed when I left
January 6
Court proceedings I would pray that
their come upins would come but had
little hope it would it is not so much
how they abused the law and work hand in
glove with like-minded DC judges to
violate the rights of j6 defendants what
sickened me was seeing how gratified
they were in inflicting pain on people
who had no recourse no ability to fight
the legal and judicial circle of hell
created by the doj and federal courts in
Washington I often refer to them as
satus
there is something deeply wrong with
them maybe being unemployed and under
investigation will allow them time to
conduct some much needed soul
searching but for now this is an
historic day worthy of much
celebration okay now that's what I call
a Victory lap Julie Kelly thank you for
your service to the country you deserve
a victory lab so I hope you're having a
great day so congratulations and thank
you for all of your work on that
um so now do you feel sorry for the ones
getting fired do you feel sorry for them
now I
don't all of my sort of instinct for
empathy just went completely away if you
stand in the court and they seem to you
like say this and they seem to you like
they're enjoying it yeah yeah that's
that's got to be there's got to be a
response to that and there was
meanwhile Secretary of Defense P
Heth uh he has made some changes to the
uh the news coverage for the Department
of Defense and he evicted the following
news entities from their I guess they
have a physical spot that they that they
have control of uh so they can be closer
to the Department of Defense so he's
evicting the New York Times NPR and NBC
and Politico from their Pentagon offices
so they can make room
for one American News Network the New
York Post
Breitbart and huff
post now there's one name on that list
that you said
what now I'm sure you understand why
you'd want one American Network New York
Post and
brart right you understand those but why
the Huffington Post
is he just trying to be both sides you
know just saying hey it's not about
being right leaning it's more about
being a non-traditional
media but here's the thing uh BuzzFeed
owns huffing and post and V ramaswami
recently bought 8% of
BuzzFeed so maybe this is looking ahead
a little bit in the sense that uh it
could be that that BuzzFeed is going to
take on more of a v ramaswami tone he
only he only has 8% of it so I don't
know if that's enough to affect a change
but we'll see and maybe maybe there's
some thought that uh that would trickle
down to the huffing post that's owned by
BuzzFeed so the only way it makes sense
to
me is if the
vake level there is What mattered so
maybe it is Maybe
well on the all-in Pod
chth was talking about Doge's success he
says we're only nine or 10 days in and
he said the fact that we're already at a
billion dollars a day is really
incredible and there's been no
discernable
impact uh I believe that's up to $4
billion a day now I think I think Elon
said they're finding $4 billion a day
now that they can cut so I I'm not going
to believe any of this specific numbers
coming out of Doge because doge is and
and rightfully so trying to make us um
understand that it's
working so that we'll we'll keep backing
it so if they make some claims early on
they're maybe hyperbolic or little
exaggerated or or they give us a number
that's a multi-year number but it looked
like it was just one year I'm going to
give them a lot of passes because one of
the things I always say is that the
first
Impressions become a weapon so if they
can cause a first impression that oh my
goodness this Doge stuff is working so
well we want more of it more more it's
so good and that's what they're doing so
there there is a useful
practical and desirable level of
PR for Doge that I think they're doing a
good job of making it look like it's
hitting the ground running and getting
some stuff done
and the more that you think it's
happening the more likely it will
because it just sets the tone if if
other if other government entities see
that the other ones got gutted and and
there was no bad impact on the country
they just makes all the rest of the work
easier so I'm in favor of calling out
Doge for huge
success maybe even before it
happens that would be normal business to
kind of over claim that the first day is
doing great so it's very normal there's
nothing creepy you are you know
dishonest about it because it's just a
universal trait
um so I'm I'm okay with that one of the
things that jamath points out is that
the Doge teams each have an engineer on
them now that's good thinking cuz
imagine being a team and it's your job
to go into some part of the government
you've never had any access to
and you have to figure out how it's all
connected to everything else you're
going to have to bring an engineer just
to figure out if everything's connected
and then secondly you want the engineer
to say wait a minute that's what they do
this is all they do I could do that with
a software program I can write in 10
minutes now I'm exaggerating of course
but you need an engineer to say I can
get rid of this whole thing you know
I'll just put in this AI or we'll skip
it or whatever so yeah engineer you got
to have an engineer on every team and
the fact that Elon knows that and he's
he's working on that model so good oh
that is so good yeah just the design of
the system is impressive there's an
engineer on every team now I love
engineers and I think they're the least
or the most underappreciated job in the
world because they're the ones that
changed the world most fundamentally
let's see if they can do it on the
government um I guess a thousand EPA
employees are going to go on probation
probationary status and might be fired
immediately CNN's
reporting um here's the interesting one
so apparently the highest ranking person
in the
treasury um David uh La brick he
resigned rather than comply with Doge
for access to audit where they spent
trillions of dollars a
year trillions of
dollars go through the system and as
soon as Doge said can we see what's in
there see where the money
went the person in charge
quit now I don't know how that could be
more damning the only thing that would
be more damning is if they've already
left the country to a country with no
extradition but let me tell you a
universal truth one of the things we
learned in this story allegedly is that
there was never any audit to money
requests that went through the treasury
they simply said yes to everything now I
hope that's not literally true but it's
being reported that they didn't even
have the function to check there was
nobody whose job it was to even check
they just said yes and some of that
would include
uh maybe some
requests that you wouldn't want them to
pay uh including payments to quote
fraudulent or terrorist groups so even
if he knew the request was fraudulent or
going to a group that made other
fraudulent requests I guess their their
operating rule was they would still
release the
money even to a terrorist even to a
known fraudulent request because it
wasn't their job to check on the sources
I guess they were just writing the
checks anyway but apparently they've
never denied any payment at any
time now if I told you that there was
one guy in
charge of the system that would handle
trillions of dollars in payments and he
quit when they asked if they could audit
it what would you think about that
because what I think is if you put
anybody in charge of trillions of
dollars and then you don't watch where
it's
going isn't that a guarantee of
corruption like you you could design
that system a thousand times and
implement it in a thousand different
countries and then just play the tape
forward for a couple years and whoever
was in that position would be stealing a
trillion dollars a year because they
can you could put you could even put an
honest person in that position and after
a few years they'd be like seriously
every time somebody asks for a check I
just authorize it and nobody checks
nobody checks where I authorize the
payment nobody ever sees if it's legal
or appropriate or you know ordered by
Congress nobody ever do you think that
person's not going to steal your
money probably nine out of 10 people in
that situation would end up saying well
maybe a little bit money could come my
way I'm so underpaid it would just be
fair
so yeah it's it's almost a guarantee of
corruption if you don't have anybody
watching the store
guaranteed some say that Tulsi gabbard's
confirmation to dni might be in
trouble um I guess she got mostly in
trouble for not being willing to say
that Edward Snowden is a traitor only
that he broke
laws and but apparently as of this
morning there were no Republicans who
had said publicly they would not vote to
confirm Tulsi so if the Republicans stay
United she still gets in but the
thinking is that maybe even some
Republicans are going to have a problem
with her so we're going to I think we're
treating this one as a coin
flip um I don't know if Trump and
supporters will go as hard at the
politicians if they don't say yes to
this
one if if RFK Jr gets turned down
people are going to flip out and I'm one
of them I'm just going to flip out
and I I'm just going to want something
to be corrected very fast the other the
other uh
nominees I might say as I do with toy I
say huh I would very much like her to
get
confirmed but if she didn't I don't know
if I'd go to
war especially if the other side had a
reason they go okay here here's my
specific reason
and this is a line I can't
cross I think I could live with
it um but I wouldn't live I couldn't
live with uh the Kennedy confirmation
being derailed by fake news and stuff I
can't live with that that that one's
life and death got to get that one um I
do want very much Tulsi to get confirmed
and cash Patel
especially I think cash is going to be
okay
um so I'm going to say yes on cash
you'll get confirmed and Tulsa's still a
coin flip could go either
way um remember Bernie Sanders was
arguing with RFK Jr and the confirmation
hearings and uh RFK Jr pointed out he's
one of the main recipients of Pharma
donations and Bernie argued no I'm not
taking anything from the executives I'm
taking I only accept small donations
those are from just
employees and then I say What's the
difference what is the difference if if
the Pharma industry be they the
executives or be they the employees have
decided that you're the person that
they're going to give money to because
they like what you're
doing you're not going to change what
you're
doing right why why does it matter that
the employees gave it versus the
executives it's exactly the same thing
it's exactly the same so no that's not a
Dodge and also if you're familiar with
the real
world let's see how many of you know the
real world if you found out that an
industry such as Pharma had a lot of
individual employee donations so much so
that when you summed it up it became you
know the biggest number on the
chart what would you say about about the
willingness of the employees to give
money to Bernie
Sanders well let me tell you how the
real world Works uh this is your CEO
we've decided that we like Bernie
Sanders and we're going to give him some
corporate money but we don't want to do
it with our money because it would look
like we're putting too much of a too
much of a thumb on the scale so we'd
like to encourage each of you to use
your own judgment we're not going to
tell you who to donate to we like Bernie
We Like Bernie but we're not going to
tell you who um maybe there'll be a few
others they'll get some money but here's
a list of five people we think you
should consider so anybody on this list
oh and by the way um we can't tell you
for sure that we won't know who you
donated
to because maybe there's some kind of
company process to make it easy so they
don't just go to a website they do
something internally and then it get
summed up and sent to the politicians
maybe so in the real world there's no
such thing as the employees
independently decided to give to a
candidate that's not really a
thing there there are lots of
individuals who do on their own decide
to give the candidates but if you see a
bunch of them in one in one
industry that means the executives had
their finger on the scale and were not
so subtly nudging the employees in the
direction they wanted them to go and and
again they can say any one of these five
politicians would be a good place to
give a donation they don't have to just
pick Bernie you know Bernie will get his
share and they would bribe the other
people at the same
time all right uh there's more coming
out about KLA Harris uh in her campaign
and not getting on Joe Rogan which was
considered a an error but boy when you
hear the back and forth there's more
details coming out the I think somebody
has a book on it but when you hear the
details of the
negotiations basically Joe Rogan
said I can schedule you in in lots of
different
times and you just have to do what
everybody else
does come to my come to the studio like
Trump like everybody else and talk for
three hours and I think he I think Rogan
wanteded them to sign some something
like
some kind of
deal Billy John you're such a
[Music]
turd like that
matters anyway
um but the overall take on it is oh my
God K Harris's staff was so
incompetent they could not figure out
how to essentially take Joe Rogan's
money because appearing on Joe Rogan is
like money you know it's like one of the
best things you could do if if you think
you'll do a good job so he's offering
her just as he offered Trump this
gigantic platform I mean the best
platform you could ever be on in terms
of reach and you know Independence Etc
and they couldn't figure it out and then
apparently so here's part of why they
couldn't figure it out they thought that
if they send kamla to Texas for just
that that the the money people would
complain because Texas is not in play
and that she should be spending all of
her time in the states where she could
win the state but she couldn't win Texas
so why go there why go there is because
Joe Rogan's there that's
why so instead of just saying oh the
best thing we could do is go on The Joe
Rogan
show they they decided to you know play
it another
way and and uh they started negotiating
and they're like all right here's what
we'll do we'll have a fake rally in
Houston this is real we'll do a fake
rally it's really a rally but they would
do it just for the purpose of giving her
a reason I think it was on maybe
Reproductive Rights or something so that
would give her a reason to come to the
state and then since she was already
there that would give her a reason to do
The Joe Rogan show but I think they
picked like the only day he wasn't
available to do it so they couldn't
schedule it they couldn't say yes they
had to come up with a whole fake cover
story to get her in the state every part
of that is screaming
incompetence let let me tell you how
Trump would have handled
that Joe Rogan invited me on the
show okay schedule
it that was it that that's all she
needed to do and did did he ever say oh
I can't go with these days cuz people
will Judge Me from what state no it had
nothing to do with you know the fact
that he was likely to win the state
because arguably Trump didn't have a
reason to go either because he was going
to win the state anyway but he just said
where is the show I'm going to go to the
show because it's the most important
platform in
2024 so it's
uh it's quite amazing to see the the
competence difference in the
campaign uh meanwhile Democrat Arizona
governor Katie
Hobs is being asked to explain what
happened to $339 million that quote
disappeared from the state budget
huh uh meanwhile the her budget director
mysteriously
resigned okay does this sound like the
treasury Department
Story the moment the moment the budget
bug is being questioned because there's
a massive amount of money that's missing
the budget director
quits wait
what the budget director
quits that doesn't sound good
so um there is suspicion that $339
million went where it shouldn't the
Gateway pundits reporting on this they
they've been all over
it um and uh one of the uh State reps
talked to the Gateway pundit and said
quote uh maybe somebody's siphoning off
some
funds and then he clarified maybe some
are mistakes who knows but they don't
match up so the spending in the budget I
guess do don't match something doesn't
match we'll
see uh and then also Gateway pundit Jim
Hof is writing about this um one of the
things that we hope to find out under
the Trump Administration is if there's
anything else to know about the Seth
Rich
story now
historically uh I've mostly been a
skeptic about that really being related
to anything important and that it looked
probably more like a random crime even
though there were ton of coincidences
involved I get it I get it killary hint
H Clinton Etc so I understand the the
suspicion about it but this is this is
interesting so apparently the FBI is
still
stalling um refusing to turn over the
Seth Rich Records to an attorney Ty
clevinger and he's been trying to get
him for
years um and he keeps being
denied now what happens when cash
patella gets in the
office if he does is Cash going to say
yeah just release all that Seth Ridge
stuff
I don't know and I've heard that cash
has seen some of the other secret files
like he's seen the UFO
files um he's seen the Kenedy files do
you think he's also seen the Seth Rich
files don't know but it could get
interesting maybe something will happen
there uh meanwhile according to Anthony
Watts at the climate change uh dispatch
the AP is doing a story that uh projects
millions of European heat desks using
the de debunked model now so the AP has
a story that says a whole bunch of
people are going to die from too much
heat in Europe the model that they used
to model this
risk it's even got a name the name is
called
the uh the RCP
8.5 so I think that means that the there
are a bunch of different scenarios you
know if this and that happen it looks
like this but if this and that happen it
looks like this so this is one of those
but it's the most extreme one and the
one that literally nobody thinks is
real so the AP wrote a story based on a
climate model that even the climate
scientists say what you're using that
model nobody thinks that model is
real why do they think it's not real um
because let's see um it assumes an
improbable future of runaway coal
consumption stalled technological
progress and unmitigated population
growth so the population is
stalled uh coal is just one of the
Technologies probably will do a lot more
nuclear than we will coal in the long
run and technological progress is not
installed it's the opposite so it's a
discredited
model but the AP still ran with it
because it was fit their narrative now
here's my question how many models are
there and if there if there are more
than one model isn't that proof that the
models aren't
real to me it is if you had one model
I'd say that might be it might be useful
I mean I'd watch it to see if it could
predict but if you have a 100
models and they all based on different
assumptions such as how much coal you
use Etc like I just mentioned if they
have different
assumptions and there's a hundred of
them and they go in different
[Music]
directions doesn't that mean they're not
real because I would I would think that
even if you knew which assumptions are
the real ones that then you would get
into how did they calculate the end
point and you'd find it it's
yeah there's no such thing as predict in
the future with complicated models of
any kind it's not true in climate it's
not true in finance it's not true in
anything anywhere there's no such thing
as a complicated many variable model
that tells you the future never will be
you unless AI can figure it
out so um way do you find out about
climate models is what I like to say way
do you find out about climate models
lots more to find out there so uh as I
mentioned Owen Gregorian is going to
have a spaces event on X that's the
audio the audio uh app so you can listen
in go to you can either go to Owen
gregorian's X page or you can go to mine
and you'll see the link it's at the top
near the top and that'll happen probably
as soon as he gets organized after I
close down I imagine he's starting to
get ready to push that button any moment
so you'll enjoy that I I've popped into
a number of them and uh people seem to
be having fun so I like it um in the
meantime I'm going to talk privately to
the locals people if you are not
subscribing to the Dilbert comic you
should do it on locals if you like the
political stuff too or if you just want
the
comic there's a cheaper way to get it
just by subscribing to me on X for the
comic you'll see the button up in the
profile all right locals I'm coming at
you right now um privately and YouTube
and Rumble and X I will see you tomorrow
thanks for
joining
e
e
e e