[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for a
special afternoon whew flu chat with
Scott Adams now I do this
partly because I love you partly because
sports got canceled and what are you
gonna do how many of you were sitting at
home thinking what are we gonna do for
the next however long this is we're a
little bit bored well luckily luckily
you have me now I was going to skip the
simultaneous sip but I can tell you need
it you do I don't have any coffee with
me so we will be substituting the
delicious
aqua aqua it's some other language for
water plan I know doesn't matter does it
well if you'd like to join me for these
simultaneous sip really the second one
of the day this was the bonus one this
is just you know almost too much all you
need is a cup of our glass of tanker
Telesur sighing I can't eat Karger blast
FSL of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I'm liking the water at
the moment and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dope
immunity of the day the actually the
second dopamine to the day the thing
that's going to make everything a little
bit better
still it's a simultaneous up go well I
think it's up to me to give you the good
news you've been you've been watching
the bad news and all those other
channels and I'll have some tips for you
to to manage your stress here in a
moment at some point I might have to
hypnotize you directly not every one of
you you know you can always turn it off
but at some points you might want that
you might want a little hip
for stress relief or even just
entertainment oh you know what I just
thought I bet I could use this time to
develop like a class on persuasion or
something and then then you'd have
something that was you know dependable
will be like every time every day at
this time we'll talk about a lesson or
something let me think about that looks
like we're all gonna have a little extra
time on our hands
starting today first a little update
from my area of the world our grocery
stores pretty pretty wiped down at this
point and what's interesting about where
I live is I live in the same town as the
executives and the headquarters for a
Safeway the biggest supermarket now if I
had to guess I think I'm in the you just
by luck I'm in the one of the safest
places in the world in terms of being
sure there'll be stuff on the shelves
because I think Safeway will make sure
its own executives are somewhere near
the beginning of the pile here's the
thing that you need to know if you're
worried about running out of stuff you
ready
because if you see people you know
hoarding and you haven't hoarded enough
you might say oh no it's the end of the
world but it isn't
it is not it is not because this is a
weird kind of crisis it's not like any
others and if you compare it to anything
you're gonna get the wrong answer the
the only thing you should compare the
blue hard and floow2 is itself you know
don't compare it to anything else so
here's why you should not worry in the
long run this short run there's gonna be
some hiccups and you'll get scared
because there's not enough of this of
that but the grocery stores make a lot
of different kinds of food and if I had
to guess I don't think that I do have to
guess we're really good at making stuff
and putting it where it belongs and we
could still do all of that with you know
20% of the people hiding and the other
80% of the people working
staying six feet six feet away from the
other people here's what you need to
know about people let's say there's a
loud explosion in your block and you
think it's a whatever terrorist attack
or something watch what happens to the
crowd for every for every person who
runs away thinking uh there's some
unknown danger I run from unknown danger
you watch and there's some number of
human beings who run toward it every
time every single time human beings most
of us will run away from danger you know
depending if we have the capability to
do anything well we know and who we are
at cetera but we are we are a species
that is full of people or way braver
than I am who will run directly a danger
a lot of them it's not even a rare let's
call them in the context of this you
know this coronavirus thing let's call
them ordinary heroes people who do not
possess you know some special superpower
but they're gonna be taking more risk
than the rest of us there are some
people who will step into the breach and
say you know I could get killed but I'm
gonna do it anyway because that's what
we do people do that I'd love to say
something that I could be one of those
people but the good news is there are
plenty of them so for every you know
idiot who's over hoarding toilet paper
you know we have just as many people who
will say you know hey if you can't
deliver bread in that truck hand me the
keys am i right if there's a truck they
can't get to a supermarket you think
nobody's gonna step in of course they
will if there's something in the field
that needs to get picked do you think we
can't find some people to pick it yeah
we can you know they might need to stay
away from each other in Washington and
stuff yeah it'll get picked if it needs
to be stocked on the shelves of Safeway
and you know the person who does the
stocking is sick that day is they gonna
get a stocked yeah sure because people
are just gonna step in the thing with
the food the food supply chain and
really it's true from the paper goods
and every other part of that is that
it's all easy stuff meaning each each
individual little slice of it that's
pretty easy so if you get sick I could
do your job probably tomorrow carrying
driving cash register I could do that so
you're not going to you're not going to
run into people and therefore you're not
gonna run into food as long as people
have money to buy it so the people who
are maybe losing their income have a you
know a bigger short-term problem than
the rest of us but they will also be
surrounded by people who did not lose
their income and for whom you know
feeding one extra mouth is not a big
deal
so wallet you know I would never advise
you not to take precautions because you
just be ready for adding captain if a
emergency I think the thing you should
worry least about while also preparing
I'm not talking you out of preparing I
hope you don't hear that preparing is
good if for no other reason than this
stimulated the economy do you know how
much the grocery store and you know
maybe even you know other businesses
like Costco and drugstores everything do
you know how much that you guys
stimulated this month Oh somebody guess
about how hard cash I think there's
another good example the the odds of the
banks being closed minimal that there's
a good chance that you won't be able to
go into the lobby of a bank you know
without certain precautions or something
but it'll get done you know most of that
stuff is telephone stuff anyway
ATMs should probably work fine I imagine
that there will be people stay in the
game side with you know cleansers or
they'll tell you to use your elbow or a
pencil to push the buttons or something
that might be a good idea but no I don't
I don't think there's really any real
risk of running and
banks cash food electricity gas both you
know both the liquid kind in the gas
stove runs on I don't think there's any
chance of those things being impacted in
any in any long-term light so other than
a given day you might begin convenience
but you'll be fine
so what's different about this and if
you're if you're saying to yourself yes
Scott but I see pictures of emergencies
and other countries and they don't
recover that fast well what's different
about this is that we're not we're not
running out of anything
we actually have so much extra in terms
of extra labor you know that if we need
it
an extra everything so we mostly need to
make sure that the people who are not
getting a paycheck yes some kind of
compensation and I would say again and
I'll probably do this on the next day or
so but I'm planning to just buy gift
certificates and all the local
restaurants you know and that's just a
good idea and then later you can use it
use it so all it does is you know shift
your spending because the moment I can
go back to restaurants man am I going
back to the restaurants you know I guess
I'm pent up traveling in some pent up
buying and some pent up a lot of stuff
so I'll say it again when the economy
comes back it's going to come back
faster than you expect so whatever you
whatever you thought was the long-term
implication if you were to take the
average of all the experts put me at the
fastest yeah I would be the public
figure saying that the once we get a
handle on the on the virus which we
don't have yet but once we get it the
recovers could be frankly astounding I
think it will be just breathtaking Scott
do you think we have a diploma see
opportunity with Iran nope I do not and
that's very low on my list of things to
worry about this week but I don't think
Iran is going to budge I think they're
just deal with their problems
we'll deal with ours and then we'll get
back to things here's what I found who
worked with kids all of you were adults
are having a problem right now telling
your kids that their time with their
friends is going to be shut off I did a
little AP testing and the a/b testing
determined that there was one thing I
said the seemed to be completely
effective so here it is the one thing I
said was the government says you go stay
six feet away from your friends which is
true so it has the advantage of being
true it's not a law per se but I don't
say it's a law I just say the government
says you need to stay six feet away from
your friends now let me explain a way
that works and everything else doesn't
it goes like this
hey mom or dad can I have gonna go to
sleep over no can I have can I just go
over to one friend's house
no can one friend come over here No so
the point is you get negotiated to death
but if you say the government says you
have to stay six feet apart that hits
that hits hard because that's serious
business that's not a well there's three
friends better than four friends is you
know should I stick with two should I
face it into one as soon as you get it
to anything that could be negotiated
yeah you're you're gonna end up
negotiating and you shouldn't so try it
at home see if it works and give me some
feedback if you say yeah we just got
stay six feet apart because the kids
wouldn't want to play with their friends
if they had to stay six feet apart
anyway there is some good news coming
and it's pretty big it's pretty big this
this virus thing affects you every part
of our human experience and one of the
play one of the things that affects the
most is our psychology
so the way we think about things just
got changed and we don't know exactly
how that that will play out but let me
tell you I'll just give you a small
example how good are you gonna feel when
this is over now I don't know if it'll
be over like you know there'll be one
day where they say hey everything's good
probably it will phase back to normal
slowly the way it sort of you know phase
in to where it is well it's gonna feel
great and here's the other thing you're
going to appreciate your normal life
like you have never appreciated it
before because man do we take for
granted everything really but it's not
your fault it's not your fault that you
take for granted you know that things
work around you it's now your fault at
all because the way your brain is
designed you're supposed to stop paying
attention to the things that are not a
problem you wouldn't be able to live
your life if you put as much attention
on the things that are not a problem as
the things that you need to solve so of
course we take you for granted but man
is it gonna feel good when it's over
like seriously good and it's gonna last
I give you I give you an example two
examples actually there was one time way
back in my past when I couldn't eat for
I don't a week or something this is some
dental issues all I could have is you
know gruel and the first time I had a
solid meal after not eating regular food
for a week you cannot believe people you
can not believe how good that food felt
likewise I some of you know I had a
problem where I lost my ability to speak
for a few years when it came back you
have no idea how happy I have and
continually grateful all day long I'm
grateful all day long that that old
problem was solved and I don't have that
anymore so it's gonna feel good and it's
going to be a very connected feeling
because you're all going to feel good at
the same time so look forward to that
but all right so here are some other
good good news coming and it all has to
do the same point that our psychology
just changed the psychology changed but
we've never had a time in human history
so 15 billion billion years yeah 15
billion years have transpired since the
Big Bang
give or take two or three billion and we
have never ever had all the smartest
people on the planet the galaxy if you
like the smartest people in the galaxy
focused on the same problem at the same
time not there's nothing like this you
know you could go back to well what
about the Manhattan Project nope nope
because in the Manhattan Project
communication was kind of bad and we
just had to use the scientists that we
had it would happened to be here you
know but on this problem the entire
world the smartest most capable people
are all immediately engaged and they're
working hard and they're putting in
they're putting in the serious time and
effort now here's what you need to know
do you ever wonder what your dog or your
cat thinks of you because your dog or
your cat looks at you and you know is
that you can do some things that they
can do but on the other end the dog and
the cat can do some things you can do so
I don't know if your dog your cat
recognized how smart you are because
it's a curious thing that if if you're
the smart one in the room you can tell
how dumb the dumb one is but the dumb
one can't tell how smart the smart one
is right because you can only understand
things up to the level of your own
intelligence
if somebody's above that you don't know
how much more above that they are
because it all doesn't make sense to you
so they could be twice as smart 10%
smarter and it's all just confusing to
you just like your dog looks at you this
is sort of how you and I are looking at
the geniuses literally geniuses around
the world MIT you know at basically
every you know sloan-kettering basically
everywhere that you've got geniuses
all working on this you got your Silicon
Valley geniuses you got people building
apps you got you get a lot now our
government is not really staffed with
the same level of genius if we could be
honest but they don't need to be because
their job is to get us focused moving in
the right direction and close airports
get rid of regulations stuff like that
and they're doing it well so there are
two types of jobs in this crisis
there's the everyday hero job where
anybody can do it you know if you need
somebody to finish driving that bread
truck to the supermarket so we don't run
out I could do that give me the keys I
can't I can't invent a new vaccine but
luckily we have people who can geniuses
and we have politicians who are a closer
to the everyday hero type of person than
the genius but they're doing their job
to do I care that they've made mistakes
not right now not right now later when
this is all over I'm gonna be one of
many people saying hey we'd better look
at what we did here to you know see what
we can learn find out what went well and
what didn't
not so much for blaming people but you
need to know what worked and what didn't
so I'm all for that
later at the moment blaming each other
for doing things wrong is sort of not
the right vibe for an emergency because
our president does not operate in our
government at the moment anyway in 2020
it doesn't operate as some kind of
independent machine that's off they're
making decisions that's not what's
happening
that machine is wholly dependent on the
public and the experts feeding it what
works and I have heard nobody say and
correct me if I'm wrong here's the point
where you would lose confidence and I
don't think this has happened where
somebody very smart or ideally more
people that want saying hey we we made
this presentation to the president we
said youth we think you should do X
and then he used his lack of expertise
to override us if you hear that you have
a right to be worried if what you hear
and so far this is all we've heard we've
heard it even from political enemies in
the president that people are bringing
him ideas fully formed that's the kind
of idea you want you know a fully formed
idea and they say can we do this and the
president say yes we'll help do you need
you know what what can they do to make
that happen better so everything's
working quite quite well the problem is
gigantic
I mean gigantic we haven't seen anything
quite like this recently
so it's gigantic but we've never had
this kind of capability focused on it so
what I would expect somebody says the
Fed got reach to 0% well there again so
you've got your financial experts
jumping into the into the fight what can
we do and then they did it now if I feel
as these little tweaks to the economy
are primarily for our psychology every
time every time the government tweaks
some little things or the Fed tweaks
some little thing you say to yourself Oh
smart people are watching they're
reacting they're paying attention I'm
part of a part of the big enterprise
here where the right people are making
the right decisions so what I see the
Fed cut its rates I don't know that it
makes any difference economically except
that the economy is a psychology machine
and if you think it makes a difference
if you think it mattered it did it did
does that translate some to people
acting rationally in the way the
capitalism likes here are some things
that may end up a way better after this
crisis passes and other people have said
this but it's worth seeing them in the
list online education do you think do
you think education in person will ever
be the same because if you get enough
people to try enough online education
you can get a lot of people saying first
of all I kind of like this it's a little
bit better
and the other thing you're gonna get is
a lot of people being exposed to it and
then people say you know maybe I want to
work on this maybe I want to make this
online education thing better
maybe that's the industry that's gonna
be growing like crazy because I think it
is so unlike that online education might
have gotten this huge you know
unexpected boost I think you can see a
bunch of inventions come out of this
whenever there's a war people invent
stuff because you always need to invent
stuff to get an edge on the enemy I I
don't know my history very well but I
think radar would be an example correct
me if I'm wrong but I think radar was
invented for war purposes and look how
useful this so we're gonna see a bunch
of inventions and these inventions might
be the type that really make a
difference now I mentioned this thing
called the fari UV light I don't know if
that's real meaning there's a type of
light with a certain frequency it's not
regular UV it's far UV and allegedly it
can knock viruses that in the air
basically and kill them on surfaces and
things now I don't know if that's true
or if it works well enough or it only
works in some cases or whatever but
you're gonna see stuff like that that
maybe you just wouldn't have been
invented so quickly before you know
anybody who's got an idea for something
that would help in a pandemic well
they're gonna get funded right so you're
gonna see a bunch of businesses jump up
about this you're gonna see the door
dashing world take off you know I've
said for a long time that restaurants
will probably you see in a little bit
already sort of transmogrify and to
takeout or delivery only so I think some
restaurants are going to survive by
being super proactive and take out as
long as they can get their kitchen staff
there so that might be a difference you
know you might you might see the cost
and and and convenience and availability
of home delivery of
warm food just go through the roof the
other thing is people are designing all
kinds of systems to live better I've
told you my system for decreasing any
unnecessary stress is you know exercise
and staying busy and having a purpose
and all that stuff I'll go through the
list you've already heard it but I think
a lot of people that I'm hearing it
already have already implemented systems
for them for their own world so your
system might not include taking walks
every day like mine but you probably
probably will find some kind of system
for exercise and eating and fitness and
they might have Stick healthcare will
never be the same
the president I guess the federal
government said it would be okay for
doctors to practice across state lines
for telemedicine for the the length of
the crisis but apparently there's still
state restrictions and I thought oh wow
I thought to myself oh wow state
restrictions that means 50 50 different
entities have to say yes before you've
got full practicing across state
boundaries but I'm expecting that to get
solved I hope it does and if that got
solved that would be gigantic that would
that would affect that would affect the
the cost of healthcare in general so
that might be some good stuff coming out
of that I told you that South Korea has
these portable CT machines so they can
they can actually test people with a
portable machine so why can't we have
those I'm sure we will we turned off my
phone if you notice that the the
messaging from people is going up pretty
bit pretty much yeah grocery stores are
also helping with delivery you'll see
young people helping old people you can
see all kinds of stuff the other thing
that might change is immigration
and here's the the psychology part of
that Oh actually I'll be on I'll be on
dr. Drew's later so I'm gonna I'll get
off so you can watch him if dr. Drew's
on periscope I don't want to compete
with that
so let me just say that stay six feet
apart and I think that immigration
people may have a different opinion of
it after this because it's one thing to
say yes we should let people come across
our open border
you know people on the Left saying that
but it's another thing when you've just
put in your emergency supply of food and
people are still coming across the
border you're gonna think of it
differently because there's nothing to
stop people from walking up and taking
your food and it's you know people are
gonna figure that out so I think the
psychology of an open border may be dead
now so I think open borders is a dead
idea but I'm getting it off and I think
I'll watch dr. Jews periscope as well
and join me later I think I'll be on at
California time 3:30 ish so add three
hours for the East Coast and I'll talk
to you later