everybody do you see what time it is are
you kidding me it's time it's time
everybody come on in here it's time for
the simultaneous sip best part of your
day and it just keeps getting better and
does it take much to participate no it
doesn't it doesn't a very little
preparation needed I see some of you are
already ready but if you're not there's
still time grab your cup your mug your
glass you snifter stein jealous tankard
thermos flask canteen Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous up the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better go coffee
coursing through my body making my life
better it's like magic so in the big
news of the day there was a man from the
United Kingdom age 32 and the headline
says that he nearly died poor man he
nearly died after a parasite crawled up
his penis and leg laid eggs as he swam
in a lake in in a trip to Africa so
here's why when I go to Africa I do not
swim in the lake because apparently they
have some kind of gnarly parasite that
will crawl up your penis and lay eggs
and if you didn't have anything else to
worry about well you got that now you're
welcome
there's a trendy hashtag on Twitter
today hashtag why men need a break and I
saw that it was trending I thought why
men need
and I thought huh could there be a
positive thing about men that would be a
trending hashtag on social media is that
even possible
it's 2019 could there be such a thing as
a positive hashtag about men that would
be trending and I thought to myself my
god I didn't know that was even a thing
anymore so I clicked on it
eager to find out all the reasons that
men need a break as somebody finally
realized that men work hard and
sometimes they need a break well it
didn't work out that way turns out that
the hashtag is mostly a way to mock men
for being worthless and stupid so at
least I wasn't surprised so that's the
life of a man in 2019 being told you're
worthless and stupid in a variety of
different ways we have our own hashtag
now why men need a break so if you'd
like to get in on the telling men why
they're worthless and stupid just use
the hashtag and you can be part of the
whole party because that's what brings
us together one of the things that
brings us together as a culture is our
complete agreement that all men are
trash they're stupid and worthless if
you don't believe it turn on your
television
or watch a movie or a commercial they
all have a pretty pretty similar theme
if you know what I mean so there's this
new thing I don't know how to new it is
but I see it more and more when people
want to be mad at me at social media
usually because they see me saying
something positive about President Trump
they like to come into my comments on
Twitter and say bad things about me but
they used to say bad things about me
that were based on a rumor that wasn't
true or they say bad things about me
because my opinion or or they didn't
like who I was supporting
but now they've just given up on reasons
and now people come into my comments and
they say with sadness I think they're
they're following se Pelosi's lead
because she's very sad about the
impeachment she feels bad for the
president I think she prays for him and
people are starting to do this with me
too
instead of saying Scott I think he got a
fact wrong or maybe you should think of
something differently they come in to
Twitter and they tell me how
disappointed they are for me no reasons
given they're just disappointed and they
feel bad for me because I used to be
somebody who is worthwhile
there was a time I'm told by my critics
there was a time when I was not awful
once but that time that time has passed
I'm now a person to be pitied without
specific reasons and so to all of the
you who are my critics who are pitying
me and are very disappointed at me I
thank you for your concern
so I'm loving watching the two movies on
one screen with CNN mostly I'm watching
and Fox News now they're covering the
impeachment over on over on CNN it's
it's all over the president has been
shown to be impeachable why is the
president impeachable you say well just
listen to CNN or read their website
plenty of plenty of reasons for example
and if this isn't impeachable I don't
know what is he had a phone call that
some people thought was inappropriate
that's right I don't know if you've if
you've got a whiff of this yet but back
in 2016 and you probably didn't notice
but there was his president elected his
name is Trump and apparently this is the
first inappropriate
he's done some people are calling it out
wait but I'm getting a message that this
is not the first inappropriate thing
that President Trump is done hold on I'm
hearing from the control room
okay 27,000 27,000 time he's been
inappropriate but this time well he's
going too far the other 27,000 times he
did something that other people thought
was inappropriate was just short of
impeachable but the 27001 I think that's
the final straw we've had too much of
this inappropriate non-standard behavior
which we don't want to normalize we
don't want to normalize this
non-standard behavior because look what
it's done to the economy okay the
economy is fine but I think it's pretty
clear that with all this inappropriate
inappropriate behavior thousands and
thousands have been appropriate to
behaviors I mean that's the reason that
Isis is went okay Isis is and winning
the caliphate has been completely
destroyed but it's certainly the reason
that North Korea is firing up their
nuclear what they're now firing up their
nuclear weapons and naming the Matis
they're actually sort of talking to us
but one thing I can tell you is that
because of all of the president's
inappropriate behavior there's no way
he's going to be pushing back on cha ok
he's pushing back on China all right I'm
trying to figure out what all the
inappropriate behavior has done to me
personally ah
anything any of you have anything for me
has the president's inappropriate
behavior of which there are 27,000
examples have any of you felt any pain
because of it has anybody lost a job
anybody lost a spouse did anybody's
children were they late for school is
that anybody littering more what exactly
is the inappropriate behavior doing fill
in the blanks I don't know but I know
it's very irregular it's irregular and
inappropriate and if you can't be and
preached for being irregular and then
appropriate I don't know what you can be
a peach for oh that's right bribery
reverse bribery
you know reverse bribery where you try
to get somebody else to do something in
return for a large amount of foreign aid
now it seems to me that the Democrats
have as a party they're starting to
define themselves the following way we
should give a lot away from foreign aid
but apparently we're not supposed to ask
for anything in return if it would also
be good for the sitting president but I
can't imagine anything we would ask for
from any foreign country in return from
foreign aid that wouldn't also
coincidentally be a plus for the sitting
president whoever that might be so I
think the Democrats want to simply give
away money with no conditions there's
any kind of condition it would be good
for the sitting president that's why
we'd ask for it politically it would be
good because it would be good for the
country
so the Democrats want to open our
borders invite everybody in pay
everybody with the money though the
citizens are earning for it to make sure
they're covered for health care and
everything else but also if there's any
money left over after that we should
package it up and give to foreign
countries that they can spend anyway
they want or just the government could
just keep it because apparently
corruption is not a big deal not
something you really need
look into so the Democrats are actually
running on a platform of giving your
money to other countries I am not even
making that up there at the the
Democrats are actually running on the
platform of taking your money and giving
it to other countries without conditions
without conditions really I mean that's
actually what's happening and that's how
bad they want to get rid of the
president so I'm referring to this
impeachment as the orange band bat she
impeachment because they don't really
have anything more damning than orange
man bad I've got lots of examples every
example is a little bit trivial that's
just non-standard he had an irregular
group of people including Rudy doing
some things not illegal as far as we
know just irregular so stop all that
irregular stuff and this is how a
bloomberg puts it a handful of loyalists
led by Rudy Giuliani wrested control of
US policy from seasoned diplomats well
did they did they wrest control of US
policy from seasoned diplomats or did
they do what the president who sets the
foreign policy did Rudy do what the
president asked him to do because the
seasoned diplomats weren't worth the
 yeah are you watching all of the
praise that Jovanovic your honor
am I saying it right
Jovanovic ambassador Jovanovic is
getting have you noticed that all the
Democrats are praising her long service
and and great character and stuff and
I'm thinking I don't have any reason to
doubt it and she might be the best
employee we've ever had or not or not
how many of those Democrats actually
know what her record is on the job Annie
I don't know she's getting a lot of
respect from people who don't know one
way or the other
now I do think we should show respect to
our public servants unless there's some
reason not to and I'm not aware of any
reason not to but it's kind of weird how
confident people are that she's the best
employee we've had recently or one of
the great ones she's one of the Great's
might be true I have no reason to doubt
it but if you've ever been around
employees they're not all that great not
all of them all right here's the most
interesting part about the orange band
bad she impeachment you'll think it's
not connected but it is I'm going to
connect it right now there's a new poll
and of Iowa of likely caucus-goers so
the people who might matter now it's
only 500 people but still that's enough
probably statistically Pete Budaj edge
is now leaving the field at 25% and who
did that come out of well a key man of
Bernie and it also came out of Warren
know it came out of Biden I think mostly
right Biden and Bernie does Warren is
still in second place so connect the
dots now Joe Biden just fell off a cliff
in the polls why what has happened
recently that would make Joe Biden fall
in the polls is it just because Budaj
edge is doing such a good job maybe
could be that can be part of it buta jej
is doing a good job
but here's the other I don't see
everybody nobody's connected the dots
yet
there you go I'm watching in the
comments yeah you just connected the
dots let me put it this way Democratic
voters and here's the key it's not not
just Republicans Democratic voters in
Iowa just told the country that the
Biden situation with Ukraine was
important which means the president
Trump asking to look into it is what
even the Democrats wanted because even
the the fact that the polls had been so
consistent in fact Biden was you know
writing writing a new high and that then
this week he falls off a cliff what else
happened did Biden have a big gaffe no
nothing unusual did Biden come out with
a new policy nope
did somebody who's a Democrat attack
Biden in a really effective way nope
nope there is exactly one thing that
happened exactly one thing the Sham
Pietschmann and the and the knowledge
and that doubt the rest of the public is
filling in the Biden had some questions
that needed to be answered now I'll say
again I'm not aware of any evidence that
Joe Biden committed any crimes with
Ukraine or anywhere else I'm not aware
of anything like that and I'm not going
to do what Democrats do and use the word
yet I I freaking hate that because
because the way they would say it if
this were them they'd say oh there's
we've discovered no evidence of a crime
by Joe Biden yet you throw that yet in
there and you need to be off the air
I mean you throw if you're a
professional and you throw it yet at the
end of that sentence you
you need to lose your job that's not a
yet sentence that's just slamming
somebody for no reason so I'm not going
to say yet on Biden because I don't
think I don't think anything will come
of it but it's certainly something that
the voters wanted to know as soon as
those voters in Iowa found out that
there was some kind of a burr yzma thing
did they care it looks like it now I
can't read their minds and certainly I
would expect there will be other
interpretations of why Biden this week
people were saying he might lose Iowa
anyway so maybe there's no surprise here
at all what Buddha judge you know
topping out there might be a little
surprising might be a little surprising
all right now let's see if let's see if
it in this coming week any of the
Republicans make the case that I just
made which is that Biden falling in the
polls proves that even Democrats cared
about the burr yzma connection which
means that the president asking about it
is doing the people's work let's just
like I've been saying from the from the
start if you and I care about the berry'
schmuck connection even if all we care
about is understanding it better I think
that's fair we won't understand it
better and you know make sure that we
know the facts it's proven now I would
say that that's a done deal right i
watch with amazement as CNN assigns
opinions to their Watchers now of course
Fox News does that they all do that but
sometimes is a little more heavy-handed
than other times here's one of the
assignments for the opinions that are
trying to assign to their their viewers
and it's that there will be no blowback
from the impeachment so there's a
there's a one of the pundits wrote an
article on CNN site today in which he's
saying that
there should be no blowback because
they're doing such a good job on this
impeachment that no matter which way it
goes it will be no blowback now do you
think that's predictable first of all if
I had to bet I'm gonna bet there's
blowback because Joe Biden just dropped
in the polls in Iowa now again there
could be other reasons for that but it
sure looks like blowback to me I think
it blew Biden right out of the race
didn't it that's the matter as blowback
he as you can get and I wouldn't be
surprised if some people in Congress
have a little having a little struggle
because this the CNN is trying pretty
hard to tell
Democrats that no no blowback I don't
know if this is the last time you'll
ever see me because I'm gonna I'm gonna
bring up a topic they could just they
could get me cancelled are you ready for
that these are the fun ones the ones
where you can you can you can detect
palpable danger run my partner so here
comes the danger part I will try to
protect myself with the following
framing so when I get quoted at a
context this will be the part that has
to be left out so that I sound evil okay
as you know if you've been watching my
periscope so I am super Pro gay super
Pro LGBTQ very supportive transgender
athletes much to your disagreement
alright so you know that and you know
I've been saying I'd love to see a gay
president assuming that the president is
qualified and all that right now I don't
know that I want to see it instead of
President Trump well wouldn't it be
great to have a great gay president I
think the think the country would feel
you know
movement forward now again we don't want
to elect somebody just because of their
gender just because their ethnicity just
because their sexual orientation but it
would just be really healthy okay I see
somebody
signing off already you don't know where
I'm going with this yet so X
Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick is
looking like he might be getting into
the race now I didn't know anything
about Deval Patrick literally nothing
I'd never heard him talk I didn't know
what he looked like and so yesterday I
had in my headphones and I was just
listening to the news and I heard an
interview and wish Deval Patrick came on
and started talking and again
didn't know anything about him it's the
first time I've ever heard him talk and
I said to myself oh my god this is
amazing
we're gonna have two gay candidates for
president of which nobody's talking
about them being gay I mean except for
general description and I thought to
myself that's like the healthiest thing
I'm so happy about that literally right
I'm not joking I was happy about that
was like wow the the Democrats via they
talked about inclusion and diversity but
look what they're filled they've got a
bunch of women they've got it well done
at least one woman of color they've got
you know they've got everything covered
and now they've got a gay black guy who
just entered the race and all anybody is
saying is that he's a strong candidate
and I thought to myself this is a really
healthy situation and then I thought to
myself what if he's not gay look that up
cuz I don't want to be saying hey it's
great that we got a second gay guy in
the race if he doesn't identify that way
so I googled it turns out he's not gay
and bi not gay
I mean he's not telling anybody he's gay
I think he's got a family and the
daughter
I think his daughter is LGBTQ but
there's no no indication that he's gay
so I hope nobody signed off after I said
that because the the punch line is the
way he speaks signaled to me gay but
just because of a bias or a bad pattern
recognition and so I'm not proud of it
right I'm not you know I'm not claiming
up right because I heard his so I'm not
making any claims about him or his first
in life I'm just saying he doesn't have
a chance of getting elected and here's
why because Pete Budaj edges in the race
what's the best thing about Peabody
judge and I've said this before what's
the best thing about people judge as a
candidate he's authentic Peabody judge
is the real deal you know if you're
gonna run for president and people think
you're gay whether you're gay or not if
they think you're gay there's nothing
better than to say meet my husband
because that's as authentic as you can
get so Buddha judge is not only nah he's
not emphasizing that being gay is some
kind of an advantage you know wouldn't
it be good for the country good a judge
isn't saying any of that which also
proves he's smart because saying that
would be a turn-off to a lot of people
we don't want to elect people because of
their sexual orientation we just want to
be able to get to a place where doesn't
matter so so I think that the average
voter is going to take a look at Duvall
and I think they're going to have the
same apparently incorrect first
impression that I did which is that he's
another gay candidate
and people will have their opinions
about that I have to tell ya I spent
most of my time interacting with Trump
supporters I've never heard one person
say anything anti-gay in terms of not
being you know not being electable or
not being qualified or anything like
that right people make bad jokes but
they they just come across as bad jokes
I've never heard any Trump supporter I
have any negative thought about anybody
running for president because of their
sexual orientation which is I suppose a
good thing because you kind of expect
you might hear that but you don't I'm
having heard at one time so so he says
your generation is the lost cause I got
a delete you for that that's a block so
I'm Pro Budaj edge as a candidate
because he is moderate he is one of the
smartest people in the race and like
Trump he just seems to be authentic and
people can really put up with a lot you
know you can disagree with somebody
whose lifestyle you could disagree with
their choices and you can still be okay
with them if they come off as authentic
and Buddha judge does and I think that
by comparison and this is just a
comparison thing it's gonna make devala
Patrick look you know authentic even if
he's authentic so he's gonna he's gonna
suffer from I think people's opinions of
who he is and should be that's
independent from who he is so this so
let me summarize by saying nothing I've
said should be considered a an insult or
a negative about Deval Patrick I'm just
telling you that you know my
pattern-recognition
heard his voice jump to a conclusion
when I googled it it appeared not
be true but there you go
alright so I hope I don't get cancelled
for that but we'll see so here's one of
the funniest cognitive dissonance things
you'll ever see it goes like this
do you know the story of Chauncey
Gardiner so it's a it's a movie being
there I think is the movie and the idea
is that this guy who's sort of an idiot
just gets lucky and through a series of
misunderstandings becomes president and
so if something when somebody is
compared to Tron see Gardner
it's basically basically saying they
have no talent but they became a leader
just by luck being in the right place at
the right time and I've heard this from
now from two of the smartest people that
I'm likely to talk to who have told me
directly and both of them Democrats said
well one of them told me directly in one
of them I just heard on an interview
that their best explanation of what
they're observing over the last three
years is that Trump just got lucky now
one of them is Sam Harris so Sam Harris
is literally famous for being smart and
rational like what what is Sam Harris is
brand smart rational scientific follows
the facts right and but of course that
doesn't make you immune from cognitive
dissonance and it could be I Who am
experiencing the cognitive distance
right now so probably one of us is or
maybe both it could be that both of us
are in left field but I I actually
wonder I wonder a lot about
sam Harris's internal thinking process
because imagine being literally famous
for being rational and smart and both of
those things are true by the way he's
rational and super smart but he's
watched Trump become president and then
have one of the most successful
presidencies
for the people who voted for him of all
time and yet he is current thinking and
this because he just said it in an
interview I I heard I think it was with
Brett Weinstein he said that it was the
Chauncey Gardiner thing that Trump just
got lucky now how how many things can
Trump do in a row that are exactly what
he said he would do before you discard
the Chauncey Gardiner hypothesis how how
much do you have to see before you say
okay well maybe there is some technique
to this yeah maybe there's a style to
this it's just a question could we ever
get there could sam harris ever get to
the point where he says okay i don't
like the policies but i can see that the
skill is what got in there now again i
could be the one who's suffering
cognitive dissonance if we're being
completely rational if I were if I were
the one experiencing it and Sam's
opinion of what happened is just right
on complete lock the president just got
lucky I wouldn't know the difference
because my cognitive dissonance would
make me see it as an absurd even though
it makes perfect sense so that's about
all I got for today I hope that you have
all checked out my book
lose you think a great gift you should
be ordering it now for Christmas it's
the greatest gift of all time oddly
enough it's battling for numbered number
in cognitive psychology so so if you go
on Amazon that it's listed in a number
of different categories but one of the
categories is cognitive psychology it's
that it's it's the number one or number
two book it keeps going back and forth
with Kahneman's thinking fast and small
which is funny all right it's funny that
I'm in the same list with a book that
famous and that good that's what's funny
all right
IQ isn't related to judgment somebody
says yes it is IQ is totally related to
judgment yeah you really believe IQ
doesn't help you make better decisions
pretty sure it does but anyway this
isn't for another day and I will talk to
you all later