bum bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody
come on in here yeah it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams guess who I am
that's right Scott Adams what a
beautiful beautiful day to be alive and
if you're not alive it's still a
beautiful day you just don't know it
would you please join me in the
simultaneous symp this will require you
to have a cup or a mug or glass possibly
tankers Diane or chalice maybe a thermos
or a flask fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure that I like to
call the simultaneous sip good stuff
well we've got some excellent Trump news
today it's the best kind of news isn't
it
isn't it always entertaining when the
news is about Trump have you ever had an
unending day when the headlines were
something Trump doesn't even matter what
the topic is it's always interesting and
today is no difference all right here
are some of my favorite news headlines I
guess my favorite one is some folks on
the anti Trump crowd are saying that
Trump now wants to be impeached
so the anti Trump errs are and this is
sort of mind-boggling they're actually
they're talking themselves they're
talking themselves into believing that
the president somehow is trying to
cleverly trap them into trying to
impeach him because it will be
politically good for him
I barely know what to say about that
because there there are some things you
could say that are just true all the
smart people agree that it would be a
stupid idea for the Democrats to impeach
because it would
good for Trump based on past experience
I'm less convinced that past experience
is as predictive as people think but I
will acknowledge that all the smart
people say that it would be unwise for
them to go at my Beach
but is that the same thing as saying
that the president wants to be a beached
honestly I you know I can't read the
president's mind but if the president is
consistent with seventy however many
years of life if he's the same person he
was a month ago and he's the same person
he was two months ago when two years ago
and 20 years ago if he's still Donald
Trump now President Trump unless he's
been body-snatched unless he's been his
body has been taken over by aliens who
have different minds
unless he's turned into a different
person he doesn't want impeachment on
his presidential record now again I'm
not a mind reader
I'm not a mind reader so I suppose I
could be wrong but in order for me to be
wrong he would have have to somehow it
turned into a different person for no
compelling reason there's nothing really
that would have caused him to turn into
a different person so the fact that the
mostly Democrats the anti-trump are are
actually entertaining that as if that
could legitimately be a real thing he's
thinking like oh I sure hope they
impeach me no idiots
you could not be Dumber if you really
believed that if you really believe that
this president wants impeachment on his
permanent presidential record you don't
even know who he is it's like you've
never seen a story about him you've
never read your own articles about him
that is so completely an onion
vigorously ridiculous that when I see it
being talked as that we yes I think we
figured out his strategy now hohoho
president Trump you think you're clever
but we're one step ahead of you one step
ahead of you we figured out that you
really you really want to be stained
with one of the worst things that you
could have on your presidential record
hahaha
we figured you haven't it's it's just
mind-boggling that anybody thinks that
you would want that none nevertheless it
is true that if it happened it would be
good for him but nobody wants that
alright here are some of the words on
CNN's home page and the articles linked
to it today these are the types of words
that they use when they talk about
President Trump here's the list temper
tantrum storms and of meetings tirade
pathetic childish impotent and of course
the all-time favorite
got under his skin Nancy Pelosi got
under his skin
now does any of that sound like news or
does it sound like mind-reading let me
read it again does news or mind-reading
temper tantrum
well that's sort of an opinion and it
goes to what he's thinking right because
I doubt that his exterior mannerism
looked anything like a temper tantrum
you know when you imagine what a temper
tantrum looks like do you imagine that
anything like that even remotely
happened in that meeting I don't think
so well have a things in storms out of
eating what's the difference between
walking end of a meeting at the normal
pace in which you walk in a meetings
versus storming out is this CNN does
this all the time and they're not the
only ones but they they try to turn
nothing into news by using the wrong
word to diss
right things so if somebody walked out
of a meeting they'll turn that into
stormed out if somebody has a difference
of opinion they'll say it was a tirade
he lost it he lost his cool he was
acting childish and impotent in his mind
he was he was very insecure yes yes yes
that's why it's not that he just has a
different opinion it's that he's
insecure it's all just mind lead mind
reading and horoscopes all right so
here's my favorite bit of news the
president tweeted from Japan where he's
meeting with obey and and others on
trade and here's his tweet this morning
Trump says North Korea fired off some
small weapons which disturbed some of my
people and others but not me I have
confidence the chairman Kim will keep
his promise to me and also smiled when
he called us wealth man Joe Biden which
he spelled wrong he spelled Biden bi T
am he actually misspelled Biden
[Laughter]
intentional not intentional does it
matter doesn't matter I'll read this
again also smiled when he meaning
chairman Kim called swampman Joe Biden a
low IQ individual and worse perhaps
that's sending me a signal excavation
work I love everything about this tweet
so persuasion wise this is very good
work which will of course be completely
unappreciated by people who don't know
anything about persuasion when the
president says that he's not disturbed
by these small actions by Kim and he
says the Chairman Kim will keep his
promise to me that's the powerful part
of the tweet the president is making it
very clear that this is a personal
relationship with somebody he respects
and kind of likes it's clear that he
likes Kim and by the way I think that's
real I I think I think it's real the Kim
and Trump like each other I don't think
any of that is is false I think that's
actually real so so he's talking
essentially in the tweet he's talking to
his buddy Kim and he's saying he'll keep
his promise to me that doesn't mean that
his belief is that he will necessarily
keep his promise it means that by saying
that he's sort of putting his friend and
his the honor of his friend on the line
he's also saying isn't it funny that my
friend is mocking my competitor Joe
Biden and none of and you shouldn't take
any of it too seriously now the fact
that he's playing this whole thing off
as something you shouldn't take too
seriously
it's just something happening among
friends there's a little locker room
talk about Joe Biden there's nothing
going on here that's important I think
is perfect because he's trying to take
the tension off which is always good
when you're talking about nuclear powers
he's trying to put it in context it's
all just good locker room fun it's just
words and the only thing that matters is
that Kim will be honorable when dealing
with Trump so everything's fine it's
really good framing taking something
that sounded kind of dangerous and just
completely just missing it because that
is actually the best strategy I would
imagine now I'm assuming here that
there's not more going on in North Korea
that I don't know about if there is and
that's a different situation all right
there's a Breitbart article about me
this morning and I've told you this I
guess it came out yesterday and I've
told you this before that I'm my
weirdworld is that if I talk about
politics sometimes I
end up becoming part of the story so
that happened in this situation again so
bright Bart's article is about my my
periscope yesterday I guess in which I
said that the president has zero chance
of winning under the current situation
the current situation being that the
social media platforms have figured out
since 2016 had it be more effective and
almost certainly they can swing the
election and I'll talk about that a
little bit more detail but so now
there's a big article on it now to be
clear when I say that when I said in the
article and what I said in periscope
that the president has zero chance of
winning reelection the caveat is if
nothing changes but things always change
so it's not a prediction it's a it's a
steady state observation that if nothing
changed from current conditions he
couldn't win and I'm saying that because
social media is so rigged against him
and there's no counter force that the
the social media companies will simply
move the few people who can be persuaded
one way or the other that's all it will
take it doesn't take many people to be
persuaded now of course the president
has you know gigantic weapons on his
side and yes an electorate which is very
very incented before the most part those
things were all going to happen anyway
the hardcore supporters were going to
support it no matter what the people who
disliked him we're gonna dislike him no
matter what and there's this little
little sliver of people who could be
persuaded that will be persuaded by the
social media companies because they
control that let's talk about that more
let me give you some context first one
of the things that people said to me
when I made my controversial statement
that social media is now running the
country because they'll decide how the
undecideds vote
people said to me well Scott I think
you're overreacting or overstating it
because we've always had fake news
it used to be newspapers but it's always
been fake news there have always been
masters of the universe who were you
know pulling the puppet strings so now
it's social media used to be newspapers
at one point it was television but it's
no different
there's always somebody's and pulling
those strings but I'd like to make some
contrasts and before I do that I'd like
to recommend that you watch something by
the BBC that's brand new came out and
it's a documentary called they shall not
grow old and it's about British soldiers
signing up and going to fight in World
War one it is one of the most
interesting things you'll ever see in
your life because what they did was they
took a bunch of black-and-white video
from World War one and they colorized it
and they they brought it to life with
digital effects and it brings you right
into the trenches so it starts out with
this black and white footage where
you're really watching it as an observer
it's just these grainy black-and-white
pictures and they're and they're only
square they're not even HD format and so
the first several minutes is watching
those and you're not very engaged
because it's just black and white it's
there's like a distance between you the
the viewer and the image and then
suddenly it goes color and it goes
widescreen and you feel yourself just go
you get pulled right into it and from
that point on you're in the war I mean
you're in the trench you're looking at
it just like you're there and yeah
it is so good that I don't recommend you
watch it for more than a few minutes
because it's so disturbing
I actually got I guess I would call it
like pre PTSD you know obviously nothing
like what you would actually get if you
were in a war but you could feel
yourself being mentally disturbed to the
point of permanent damage
ten minutes into this documentary it's
so powerful that you should probably not
watch it to the end because there's so
the images are so disturbing you you
really should not watch the whole thing
but you should watch a little bit and
the part you should watch in particular
is the opening where they have
voiceovers that are I can't tell if the
voiceovers are read by actors who are
looking at the written word or if it's
actually the old people themselves
recorded when they are still alive from
world war Wanek I can't tell if they're
real but it's the real words of the
people and here's the thing that just
blew me away and the first five minutes
when you listen to the actual words of
the young people who signed up signed up
volunteered keyword volunteered to enter
World War one the most you know or at
least one of the most horrible
experiences you can ever have those
people those young men were happy they
yeah the the name of it again if you're
if you want to watch it is that they
shall not grow old and the BBC is I
guess they funded it but if you listen
to the people talk almost all of them
had the same approach which is they
thought joining joining the army to
fight in World War one they thought
would be fun and easy you almost can't
hear those words when I say them because
it doesn't make any sense
that's right there were a bunch of young
people and apparently people were
signing up as young as 50 and they just
had to lie about their age because they
didn't have ID so most of them were like
17 to 19 even though you had to be 19
people younger than that was signed up
but I was blown away by how brainwashed
these people were not only were they
brainwashed to think that joining up for
World War
and fighting in a trench war would be a
good time like literally they thought it
would be fun adventure and exciting and
they believed that since the British
were so powerful militarily that they
would just dispatch the Germans it's
it's all a big adventure people come
back and say hey had a good time and the
people who survived because those are
the ones that we're talking about it
after the fact actually said they were
glad they went and it was a good
experience it's mind boggling how
brainwashed they were now somebody say
they're not brainwashed its duty and
honor no no it was not duty and honor
there was duty and honor as important
variables but that's the part that I'm
making making my strongest point that it
wasn't just duty and honor those things
mattered there was a real that was part
of the story but when he hear it in
their own words they don't use those
words they said it would be an
adventurer it'd be fun they did say
fight for the country they did say the
country's been good to me but a lot of
it was my job is boring my friends are
going
it looks like an adventure looks like a
good time oh my god when you hear the
level of brainwashing in World War one
it's mind-boggling so in fact I would
recommend that you stop watching it
after you get after the voiceovers are
done because that's the interesting part
the rest is fascinating was so
disturbing it could actually damage you
for the rest of your life and that's not
an exaggeration what I saw will stay
with me for the rest of my life and I
don't want it I wish I had not seen it
frankly and I only watched the first
quarter of it maybe but my point here is
that people were deeply and thoroughly
brainwashed in Great Britain before
World War one
so brainwashing is not new it's not
something that's just happening because
of social media companies but here's
what's different
here's what's different the technology
for brainwashing is way better because
we can give specific messages to
specific people and we've learned a lot
since then
about how to do it if you haven't seen
this book you don't understand what's
gonna happen in the next election this
book is called pre suasion it's a follow
up by Robert at chill Dini to his
gigantic vessel or influence this one is
the one that is scariest because it
talks about how you can prime somebody
by the message or the image or the the
thought that you give them before the
thought that you're trying to convince
them of in other words you could give
them a completely unrelated priming
thought and it will have a huge impact
on how they make a decision on an
unrelated thing how scary is that
because if you're a social media company
you have control over what order people
see things do you see it yet social
media gives you control in other words
the platform owners can control the
order that you see things that's what
the algorithms are the order that you
see things this book if you haven't read
it you don't understand what's coming in
2020 if you think that there's anything
like a fair election coming you're
really wrong because this technology in
other words this this scientific
knowledge gives them the power to feed
the undecideds information in the order
that they want so it's not just that
they're de-emphasizing some messages and
emphasizing others which is a big deal
it's the order that it comes in that
will be the influential part if you
don't understand that you've given up
your republic you've abandoned any
democratic principles you've given all
of your power to the people who can
decide what order you see things in
because that's
we'll make your decision the order that
you see things now I'm simplified a
little bit but it's the larger the
larger issue is that we know exactly how
to influence people in ways that could
never have done before somebody asked
for an example so I shall give you one
the classic example that comes from the
book is that if you show somebody images
of an American flag that's the priming
thought there's no persuasion it's just
an American flag hey here's an American
flag look at this and then if the very
next thing you do is ask them to vote
Republican or debt people will more
likely vote Republican if they just saw
a flag did you know that if you didn't
know that you're helpless you're living
in in a system that is manipulating you
now even the experts would not have
known that in advance they know it but
from testing they know it from you know
accidental discoveries that they then
confirm now that's just an example let
me give you another example suppose you
wanted to convince somebody to be
generous on a specific question one of
the ways you could do that is to show a
story of something completely unrelated
where somebody did something kind and
generous even though it's a different
topic different people completely
unrelated from whatever you're talking
about if the very next thing that
happens is you ask somebody to be
generous they're far more likely to be
generous because they got primed to by
the prior image see how powerful this is
this is this is very repeatable very
measurable very scientific so that's the
situation we have that things can be
controlled - entirely by the platforms
now let's talk about let's let's talk
about the Pelosi video because this this
is all sort of related now all right
this is all one discussion under one
umbrella of influence
here's what I loved about president
Trump's persuasion play with tweeting
out the video that was a compilation
clip of Pelosi slurring her words or
stammering now there's a weird fog of
war over this whole topic and I don't
quite know the facts but my main point
is neither do you most of you think you
do know the facts and I'm gonna as the
comments go by you're gonna see people
give you lots of incorrect facts I'll
tell you what I think I know but the
main point is that I cannot determine
the facts with the amount of work I'm
willing to put into it and probably you
don't know the facts but you might think
you do so I would say put a little pin
in this and say to yourself I think I
know the facts but I probably don't
here's the problem there is more than
one video and people are talking about
the more than one videos as if they're
sort of the same without without making
the distinction so apparently there's a
there's a compilation video that the
president tweeted which may have been
simply uploaded in a different frame
rate it might have been intentionally
slowed down the reporting is unclear at
the same time and separately there is
another compilation in which it very
clearly has been slowed down so there's
one video that has clearly slowed down a
compilation of her offer miss speaking I
guess and in that one she clearly sounds
drunk and it's obvious that the thing
has been doctored they're saying it's
been doctored the presidents may or may
not have been doctored or it may or may
not have been uploaded in a way that
makes it sound different but it may or
may not have been intentional
so the first caution I would give you is
that whenever you hear any story or any
comment about the situation people are
not necessarily talking about the same
videos and I can't tell whose
so the New York Times for example showed
the two videos next to each other
and said this is president Trump's video
here's the other one and if you look at
them together you can see that they're
quite different and you can see that the
one that seems to be doctored does look
like she sounds worse than that one but
here's the problem do you trust the New
York Times to show you the actual
doctored one and to show you the one
that President Trump tweeted and that
both of them are actually the videos the
he tweeted you know one is the actual
real one and one is the actual thing he
tweeted do you trust the New York Times
to put them together and pick the right
ones and say this is really the one no
you don't you cannot trust them in fact
you can't trust any video from any
source we don't live in that world
anymore now I'm not saying that they
lied an essay is wrong I'm saying that
there's no credibility from any source
on any video we don't live in that world
anymore
you simply can't believe it no matter
where it comes from so that's the first
thing does it matter that the president
doesn't matter whether the video is you
know accentuated to make her look bad
yes it does because if you ever saw the
one that's the fake is hard to get it
out of your head I'm going to talk about
that a little bit more but let me tell
you what the president did right in his
persuasion now if you're looking at this
situation I think it's always fair to
look at it in several layers there's a
political layer the how effective is the
persuasion layer there's the ethical
layer I will trust you to understand
that I'm only talking about the
persuasion layer ethics matter ethics
exist but that's the separate
conversation and you can make your own
decisions on that I'm not your Pope
persuasion wise what the president
started with before he tweeted this
he said that Nancy
he is clearly quote not the same now
that is a brilliant framing when when
the president says hey it's you know
something's different
she's not the same I'm muting all the
people who complain about the sound by
the way so I'll never see them again
because I think most of the money or
trolls so when he said they're not the
same that is a hypnosis technique you
want to you want to make claims that are
not so specific that people have reasons
not to believe them so by simply saying
she's not the same everybody can read
into it their own preferred explanation
of why she's not the same so when you
hear the president say Nancy Pelosi well
I know she's not the same somebody hears
she's too old somebody here she's tired
somebody or she's drunk somebody ears
she has a mental disease are any of
those things true I don't know probably
not but it doesn't matter because the
the technique is if you give somebody a
general a general area to think about
they will fill in the details that are
most persuasive to them so the way that
you can the way that you can persuade
people that are all who are all
different is by giving them a general
persuasion and let them fill in the
details that's what he did if he had
said Pelosi sounds drunk then we would
be arguing whether or not she had a
drink we would decide that she had not
and it would be bad persuasion it would
just look like a lie if he had said I
think she has a mental problem we would
it would probably be some reporting on
that people would say that's a terrible
thing to say they would say it's not
true look at her as this other day we'd
probably decide it wasn't true and we
say well it's just a lie but by saying
she's not the same he says something
that you understand to be true because
nobody's the same at that age so at the
very least she's all
other than she used to be right so he
says something that's unambiguously true
she's not the same and then you fill it
in with whatever is the worst thing you
can imagine about why that's true
here's the other thing she did you did
this great it's it is a visual he
tweeted around something that's visual
and you know and you can listen to it so
there's an audio version there's an
audio element to the video element so
that's good persuasion you get as many
as many of the senses involved as you
can
that's better than if it's just a
concept somebody's reading about so so
that's true
secondly there's something called the
uncanny valley I've talked about before
and it's the theory that if something
looks like a human being but not quite
it's disturbing it's like deeply
disturbing to people that's why zombies
are so scary they look like people but
they're not quite people that's why
there's scary if people anytime you see
a robot that doesn't look exactly like a
person it's sort of creepy right now
when you see the Pelosi video whether
whether you just see the compilation
which is bad enough where they take the
worst parts of her you know extended
speaking and they take all the worst
parts and put them together in a
compilation she doesn't quite look like
a regular person and if you see the
slowdown or a quote doctored version of
it it's even worse she doesn't quite
look like a human being is supposed to
look they're not quite you supposed to
sound like that talk like that or act
like that and it's actually gross like
it creeps you out to watch it that is
unbelievably strong persuasion if you
can creep somebody out about the thing
you're trying to discourage that is a
home run getting creeped out by
something is you can't come back from
that nobody gets creeped out by
something and then recovers it's like a
one-way trip once you creep down that's
you're gonna see that forever
so that was strong persuasion again not
talking about whether that was ethical
because I think you can make your own
decisions on that but it was strong now
the other thing that the President did
cleverly is there's a three-day weekend
with no real interesting news otherwise
so he he drops this this this flaming
you know bag of you know what on the
porch of the press and he rings the
doorbell and then he runs away for three
days three days of this incredibly
damaging news cycle for Pelosi and he
just completely destroyed her reputation
and then went on vacation engulfed so
he's off there golfing with his buddy
hobby literally having a good time he
loves golf
he loves hobby he loves being outside
golf a little on the weekend he's having
a great time over there meanwhile most
of the country is trying to decide
whether his arch-nemesis Pelosi is old
mentally diseased drunk or you know
maybe just lost a step that day or or
whether it's the video that makes you
look that way but it's all the same
because in your mind it's all this one
big something wrong with Pelosi the
situation now the other the other strong
technique that the president uses again
not talking about the morality not
talking about the ethics just the
persuasion the persuasion here is that
these videos had a mistake in them so I
don't know that he knew that or did it
intentionally but I do know he didn't
care and the reason he didn't care is is
that if the videos were not doctored
well he tells his message and it's
pretty powerful but if the videos were
doctored I'm sure he wouldn't care
because it makes us talk about them even
more so the the error is a feature when
it comes to persuasion remember that
rule in persuasion the error
the feature because it's the error that
draws your attention to it
it's the reason we're talking about it
it's the reason it's in the headlines
it's the reason that everybody is saying
oh it's unfair or it's unfair or
doctored video that's the feature that's
not the problem so if you were the one
who put this flaming bag of
you-know-what into the universe you
would be pretty pretty happy about all
the attention it got alright having seen
these deep fakes
did you see the videos of there's a
company now that can animate a CGI
version of a person from a single
photograph and in fact they even did it
with a painting a painting of a person
just one picture of a painting a flat
painting of a person and it's not even a
good painting they could completely
animate and make you talk like that
painting was a real person but they can
also do it with humans they could take a
screen grab from me no other data and
they can create what I look like from
every side and and animate it like I'm
actually talking now having seen that do
you believe that that video you saw of
the the founder leader of the Taliban
was real do you think that that very
unusual we haven't seen him on video for
years and years and then suddenly
there's this nice clear video of the I
forget his name
somebody will remind me in the comments
of the leader of the Taliban maybe it
might be a real person but here's the
thing if we are not already creating the
fake version of these terrorist leaders
why not
Baghdadi yes so al Baghdadi is the name
of the Taliban leader if we're not
creating fakes of them and sending those
fakes out to the Taliban so the Taliban
is getting all these fake instructions
it's like oh here's here's a video of al
Baghdadi telling me I should take a lot
of drugs
and throw down my guns or whatever it is
so I would not or somebody saying
al-baghdadi is Isis was it the ISIS
leader do I have this backwards I was
saying I was saying I think I might have
this backwards yeah so I'm being
corrected in the comments so forget I
said Taliban he was the ISIS leader that
we hadn't seen his name is al-baghdadi
and we finally got this clear video of
him after years and I'm thinking to
myself if we're in it yeah that's right
mullah omar is the taliban and we have
not seen recent video of him but we
should if you see if you see if you see
a new video of uh of omar that's
probably not real video anyway the point
is this we live in the world in which
anything can be faked and the the major
platforms will decide what we see the
order that we see it and that will be
enough to determine the election so i
don't think that we have a real republic
anymore
not not a real the votes will go through
the motions the votes will imagine that
it was fair but we no longer live in a
world where you have anything like free
will and votes and elections and stuff
in a real sense now i loved yesterday
anderson i think it was yesterday or the
day before anderson cooper interviewed a
facebook representative who failed to
take down the video that they knew to be
doctored and here's a really problematic
situation coming because so facebook
decided that the way they would play it
is they would leave it up but they would
label it as fake and they would give
links to articles that would describe
that was fake Anderson Cooper would not
let that go and he got really aggressive
not in the bad way but he was very
aggressive in his questioning about why
they would leave that up there
understanding that even though it's
clearly labeled as a fake it will still
have the
rushon because it's visual and to his
credit Anderson Cooper understood that
the faked visual is so strong that just
putting a label on it that says it's not
true doesn't even come close to making
it okay and his argument was that if you
know it's not true and you know it's
influencing people how can you leave it
up now Facebook to its credit held tight
to now we're just gonna label it it's
not our job to police the truth of
things but it's a fake so we'll label it
now I guess it is there it is I take
that back it is their job to police the
truth of things which is my main point
what does it mean for a video to be
doctored so the standard the Facebook is
created is that if they say the video is
not true to the facts if it's doctored
and and that doctoring makes it look
opposite of what's true then they will
label it as fake or they and they also
will de-emphasizes so it doesn't show up
as often so they can make content
essentially disappear because they've
decided it's not true because of the way
the video is is doctored so let me ask
you this if something is a video that
only shows part of a statement but it
doesn't show the second part of the
statement that completely changes the
first part is that a doctored video in
other words if is a simple video that's
not not edited in any way except that it
leaves out some context is that a fake
video well most of you know what I'm
talking about
there's a very famous famous example
which I'm not going to name because if I
do I'll get demonetised and people won't
be able to see this video because it
will be less visible to people so I'm
actually intentionally not using the
name of the situation but I can tell in
the comments which by the way will not
be transmitted to to youtube so when
this when this video gets uploaded to
YouTube the comments are stripped out so
I don't have to worry that YouTube will
pick up your comments and to monetize it
because of the things you're saying does
that get stripped out but you know what
I'm talking about so yeah there's a very
famous situation in which there's a
video of the president saying something
that they cut out the second part of
what he says to reverse its meaning how
many times is that video been shown on
TV a lot
what does Facebook say about the truth
of that video at least the video that
cuts off the second half well I think
they have a problem now because Facebook
has created a standard which they can't
live to because it's fine when it agrees
with them if they happen to agree with
the fact that a video is misleading and
that's telling the wrong story then
they'll block it but what if they don't
agree what if what if it's only the
Republicans who say it's a fake video
well I think you have the worst possible
situation where you have people who are
literally deciding what is true from
things that are all false in other words
the environment is serving up almost
nothing but falsehoods everything that
comes out of the right I'd say 80% of it
is fake news everything that comes on is
left at least 80% of it is fake news you
could argue one of them is a little more
fake than the other but both the left
and the right are producing gigantic
mountains of fake news all the time is
Facebook and a treat at all like fake
news and and you know de-emphasize all
of it they will not I don't think
there's any chance of that it seems very
clear that what they'll do is they'll
say that the things they imagine are
true or they're they're fact checkers
tell them are true which we know are
highly biased fact checkers
they'll they'll present that as truth
but it will be debatable now here's the
question what do you do about all this
I'm getting tired of people telling me
that I should do things that would get
me kicked off of all the platforms as
part of some kind of solidarity with
people who have already been kicked off
or do you monetize or anything else let
me suggest that that's the worst advice
in the world the last thing that you
want is for me to get kicked off of a
platform likewise the last thing you
want is for you to get kicked awesome
for anybody that you might agree with or
want to see to get kicked off the worst
dumbest self-immolating strategy is to
say how some other person got kicked off
so I'm gonna I'm gonna retweet their
content and I'll get kicked off too and
together and we'll all get kicked off
it's the dumbest thing you could
possibly do let me tell you the smartest
thing you could do
smartest thing you could do don't get
kicked off social media don't say things
that will get you deep monetized or
de-emphasize
I am going to go the exact opposite
direction now keep this and keep in mind
this is all a be testing if this
strategy turns out to be a bad one I'll
have to adjust some debt but my current
strategy is I'm actually going to make
my content less provocative sounding
without being less provocative so I'm
not going to pull back on the ideas but
I'm gonna use words that are hard to
dimana ties and enframing
that people will have a hard time
finding a problem with so I'm going to
make sure that by Election Day you're
still listening to me so I'm going to
curse less I'm going to mention fewer
topics and by the way there's a there's
one word that will get you demonetized
for sure on on YouTube and I'm not going
to mention it but let's say there are a
lot of people in Israel
who might be described with that word I
mean you know I'm not talking about a
bad word I'm talking about the actual
word that they would use for themselves
if you even use that word it's the J
word turns out you will get demonetised
because somebody is gonna think they're
on the other side of that argument and
some some advertiser is gonna say we
don't we don't need any of this racial
stuff so I probably will never use that
word in a description to one of my
videos so I'm I'm gonna be far more
dangerous by being harder to delete I'm
gonna make myself very hard to delete
and that will that would be a good
strategy at the same time why does
anybody use the Facebook like I I don't
know is it just me I ran out of reasons
if you would like to have some control
over the social media network it's
pretty easy to reduce your Facebook
users that you don't have to hear z--
the other thing I don't recommend that
you quit Facebook I recommend that if
you were using it two hours a week you
cut it down to 15 minutes you still see
all the photos of your friends and
everything except instead of you know
logging on and seeing a lot of ads all
the time I just do it once just do it
once this week instead of 10 times this
week it would be very easy to you know
ramp down your Facebook use I personally
still have my Facebook account
and plan to keep it I have reduced my
Facebook usage to almost nothing which
is where I wanted because I don't
consider them I just don't consider them
healthy for the healthy for the Republic
they they certainly have their benefits
and I'm not going to get rid of my
account but they're not healthy all
right
let's talk about you know I was thinking
about this idea and I'm just gonna put
it out here from comment one of the big
problems really the big problem is that
if the social media platforms want to do
a good job of making it to use Jack
Dorsey's word a healthy place for
conversation they are going to be
kicking off bad people I don't have a
problem with the concept that there are
some people and some messages that are
so bad that they should not be on the
platform I agree that that's the case
but there's certainly a lively debate
about whether too many people have been
kicked off etcetera but here's the other
big problem if you look at the the first
step program which is trying to
rehabilitate prisoners who get out of
jail to get them trained in something
and get them into a productive life we
have this sense that you should you
should have some path to recover from
mistakes even bad ones even the kind of
mistakes where you go to jail there
should be some kind of path that society
recognizes to recover and I would
suggest that we should at least talk
about what I would call a national
pardon of everybody who's been banned
from social media I think it would be
healthy and I don't think all of the
platforms have to do it in the same day
or anything but I think the platform
should it leave a universal unbanning of
just everybody now there might be some
exceptions but I'd rather see and here's
my specific problem
I know people who were banned from
social medias you know for forever or
whatever for things they did in their
20s do you think that someone should be
banned forever from social media for
something they did in their 20s which
was a speech with a lady thing
well that's the current situation you
could be banned for your life
for something you did in your 20s before
your brain is even fully formed does
that seem fair
how about people who literally made one
mistake however bad it was should those
people get another chance I would like
to at least put the idea out there that
every time there's a major rethinking of
how that the platform's handle banning
that that's a good opportunity to do a
pardon doesn't have to be every year you
know it could be every five years
whatever makes sense let's say every
five years you just unbanned everybody
but you keep an eye on them because the
people who are banned most of them are
gonna have a another you know they're
gonna offend again like we're back let's
talk about bad stuff again and then you
have to Rebane them it can't be that
hard
I would think that at least I'm just
gonna make a guess probably a third of
all the people who would you know be
allowed back on the platform's probably
a third of them would live a you know a
life that would not get them banned it's
pretty important if a third of those
people can get back in the platform and
and you need social media to have a you
know a real life in the modern world I
think I'd be interested in seeing what
that looked like somebody says 25 years
now I think we are very different people
there's there's a case in the headlines
right now somebody will have to help me
with the name it was the the young guy
who was a conservative was at the school
shooting as a Kyle somebody yeah remind
me of that his name I'm blanking on his
name but the yeah Kyle Kyle something
all right so we got a lot of attention
on social media and he was sort of a
rising star and the young conservative
voices I think you miss pro-gun
etc and I guess he was accepted by
Harvard so he's a smart person with a
future and that it was discovered that
he said some horrible things like really
really bad racist stuff in social media
I don't know how long ago but remember
he's only 18 18 years old and he said
something horrible a year or two ago or
whatever it was this kid got into
Harvard and and since the time of the
shooting I don't believe he said
anything publicly or on social media
that would be Bandol yeah I guess he
said it when he was 16 now what he said
was when he was 16 was terrible
certainly aybe animal offense easily but
what is our standard do you not let a 16
year old you know improve can he not
become a better person I think that
becoming famous is actually a very
rehabilitating thing there are things
that you'll say when you're 16 and
completely insignificant that you just
won't even think anymore when you're
famous there is something about getting
actual power and he did gain power by
becoming were well known
there's something about growing up
there's something about getting power
there's something about having influence
that does bias you toward being a better
person I think this kid and a lot of
other people need a path to become
better people and to reintegrate with
the social media world so I just put
that out there I don't know if it's a
good idea but I would consider a
universal pardon every year five years
or so yeah now again there's a practical
element to this that there might be
millions of people banned and most of
them are trolls and you know maybe
there's just no practical way to do this
maybe there's a segment that can be you
know maybe if you've only done one
wrong that's enough to get you unbanned
so there might be some standard that
works I'll just put that out there all
right
that is just about all I have to talk
about so he should have learned racism
was bad free before 16 that is just such
a wrong thing to say so somebody's
saying in the comments that Kyle Cuccia
if I'm saying his name right
he should have learned the racism was
bad before we were 16 yes he should have
that's what makes it a mistake that's
why he got banned no nobody's
disagreeing with that I'm just saying
that people need a chance to improve now
here's I've said this a number of times
but I thought of a better way to say it
I've said that you shouldn't judge
people by their mistakes but rather you
should judge them by how they respond to
the mistake how did they apologize and
some of them make good what did they
learned how are they going to go forward
in life that's a good way to judge
people not by the mistake and here's
here's why a mistake is something that
people don't do intentionally their
response to the mistake is something
they do intentionally so if you want to
know who somebody is you have to look at
what they do intentionally now of course
you're gonna argue a little bit about
what's intentional and what's not but do
you think that if Kyle they were just
talking about if he could go back in
time that he would have done those same
comments that got him in trouble I think
no chance I think there in his own mind
he would call that a mistake
meaning that you know that it was
conscious decisions at the time but he
wasn't conscious of his effect so he
consciously chose to do those things but
I think it's true that he did not
understand the effect it would have on
other people he did not have the he
didn't understand that it would become
national news certainly didn't know that
and he probably is not even the same
person anymore
so in the sense anything that a teenager
does is sort of conscious but they don't
really understand what a mistake is in
the way that an adult mind would so
you're not really seeing the real person
when you're looking at their mistakes
because if I judge any one of you only
by your mistakes well you know I would
have to hate all of you if I judge you
by your mistakes but your mistakes are
mostly unconscious or you didn't mean it
something in those forms now it's it's a
different kind of mistake if you knew it
was illegal and you're trying to hide it
you know that's just a criminal so I'm
not talking about somebody who's a
criminal I'm talking about somebody who
did something in public which obviously
you wouldn't do if you knew what a big
frickin mistake it was going to be you
just wouldn't have done it
so let's judge people by what they do
intentionally with with their best
thinking because that's what the
response does a mistake looks like right
the mistake itself nobody nobody makes a
bad mistake intentionally unless it's in
the service of a crime for example
that's a different situation all right
what Jesse Smollett did yeah you know
there's lots of gray area here so if you
were to judge Smollett by the by the the
offense versus how he dealt with it you
end up getting the same the same answer
because the way he dealt with his
mistake was so bad that you do know who
he is
so somebody you know you I could easily
imagine that somebody who was was so
hypnotized and and brainwashed by the
press that they actually thought that
what they were doing might somehow be
good for the world or you know it might
help get rid of President Trump because
you think he's a monster
so you can imagine somebody being so
deeply brainwashed that doing something
ridiculous like smalla did he had some
weird justification for why I made sense
you can imagine that I don't think there
was any justification for what he did
but the fact that once it was uncovered
the way he handled it was the worst
you've ever seen anybody handle anything
that part was all intentional so I think
you can condemn small it on every level
both the mistake and the way he handled
it so I think that's on there's no
explaining that away so why is BuzzFeed
attacking Tony Robbins good question I
only am vaguely aware that there's some
kind of Tony Robbins thing going on what
is it they're accusing him of he was
filmed using racial slurs he berated
abuse victims what I don't think any of
this is real so here's an old video of
him in which he's using it not in the
context that people are imagining okay
Robin said they had been told that he
had then told the whole lot Institute
just do what I do just for a minute if
you really want to be free and if you
want to have some fun he proceeded to
perform a dance in front of the crowd
while saying I'm a n-word you're a
n-word via n-word too he said the
technique worked to change the mood of
the room and eventually audience members
were also singing I'm a honky and black
and white people were hugging now oh my
god BuzzFeed m'as fetus is just a wart
and the ass of civilization I mean they
really really need to go away BuzzFeed
just needs to leave the earth let me
tell you out of
context this looks terrible which is why
they ran it because out of context is
very provocative if you were in this
room when Tony Robbins did this I
guarantee you it would be a whole
different thing it's obvious from even a
quick reading of this that what he was
doing was breaking people and worth
thinking he was taking he was taking the
importance of that word and and the the
whole way that we frame race and he was
just mixing them up so that people would
get to a good result this is so clearly
not racist I mean so unambiguously
clearly not racist that BuzzFeed should
be shut down for this right now here's
here's a perfect example now maybe you
could say well buzz we're BuzzFeed
thought they were doing the right thing
this article in some way but now that
I've seen it if they haven't removed
this article and apologized deeply to
Tony Robbins this is this is a crime
without the fact it's probably not
illegal
but this is the fakest news you'll ever
see would would Facebook run this
article this is good this is a doctored
video this the Tony Robbins situation
and again I've only looked at it from
five seconds I'm just looking at the
page it's clear that they're showing a
video they had a very important context
and they took it out of that context to
turn something that was a positive based
on just what I'm reading the people in
the room had a very positive experience
and which's says literally white people
and black people were hugging each other
like during this exercise he got them
out of their racial frames got them into
a human being frames got a good result
man but you take that in a context of
the most influential best hypnotist the
world ever saw Tony Robbins it makes it
look terrible so BuzzFeed it's got a lot
of explaining to do there
all right boom yeah so doctored videos
is going to be that might be the big
story between now and 2020 is that we're
gonna have a realization that all all
video is doctored I would like to I
would like to borrow a an observation so
this is not my original observation but
the observation is that all photographs
are persuasion and all video is
persuasion a photograph is not a
recording of what happened that's what
we used to think we used to think well
pictures don't lie right that's one of
the most famous sayings in our
experience pictures don't lie absolutely
wrong all pictures lie all the time it
is much much more accurate to say every
picture lies every time because a
picture is is staged to create a certain
yeah Peter Duke is is the one who said
that in hoaxed mics or by the
film that you can see on Vimeo and you
should because it's amazing you should
watch it you should watch hoaxed on
Vimeo and yeah I couldn't remember where
Peter said it so I was holding off until
you reminded me so he said it in hoax
and the point is that all videos all
videos are a lie they're designed that
way there's no exception they're all
lies they tell you a story that the
photographer wants to tell it's not the
story of what was happening it's the
story that the photographer wants to
tell and that's an important an
important point all right
they're just looking at your comments I
think we've said enough for today and I
will talk to you later