there you are let's check on the stock
market and see what today is going to
look like uh a little bit down looks
like more flat than anything
else oh looks like an update on that
story okay all right let me get some
comments going and then we got a show of
shows you're going to love
it no really you're going to love it
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization SC coffee with Scott Adams
and you've never had a better time but
if you like this experience to rise to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or muger a
glass of tanker CH chalice a canteen Jer
a flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine of the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous happens now
go that is just so
good well according to new Atlas there's
new study out this says that eating one
egg a week lowers heart disease deaths
Risk by
29% just one egg all you need is one egg
per week now I'm telling you this so you
can start saving up um if you put away a
little bit every week eventually you'll
be able to afford an egg and it's really
good for you I recommend canceling your
health care and using that money to buy
an egg same same out come
really well here's some news that might
sound nerdy and small to you but it
might be really really big the company
called
figure they make uh they're making
robots that look like humanoids
something much like Tesla and uh their
their latest announcement is they're not
going to use open AI as the brains of
their computer or the brains of their
robot and
that's a big deal because they had a an
agreement with open AI so they were
already in association with open AI but
what they found was that open AI was
great for um sort of general purpose
stuff but it wasn't optimized for robots
so somehow figure made its own AI or
found a different one but they got an AI
That's optimized for
robots and uh the head of figure is
predicting that uh the world will not be
lots of machines filled with generic AI
but rather every device might have its
own AI an AI That's you know trained on
the specifics of what you need to be a
robot or something like that so I don't
know if the robot would then not be able
to answer general questions the way an
open AI would be but uh apparently it's
going to give them the ability to roll
out an operating robot way faster than
if they used a generic AI so that's
coming something coming in the next 30
days they say that's going to be a big
deal here's some good
news every now and then there's a story
that just makes you feel
good um and this one is the let's call
it the conclusion I hope of the Daniel
Penny story you remember Daniel penny
he uh tried to save some people in a a
Subway but unfortunately the person he
was holding down died he was cleared of
all that in what I thought was a
racially motivated case but once you go
through that kind of thing it's hard to
get your life back together so here's
the good news he was just offered a job
uh by andreon Horowitz so Mark Andre's
company with Ben hor Horowitz and and
it's one of the big Venture Capital
companies in Silicon Valley one of the
most you know famous noted ones and uh
they're going to teach him
investing now I don't know if that means
he's actually going to be making
investment decisions or if it means that
he needs to learn what the company does
so that he finds his his role there
because I don't know what background he
has to make him a venture capitalist but
on the other
hand maybe it's not not that hard to
train somebody to be a venture
capitalist it's not like they get most
of their their plays right you know most
of the bats even by the smartest people
end up being you know the wrong bat but
they can play the numbers make it work
um so that's great that is a nothing but
good news and I love the fact that Andre
and orowitz stepped up to just just just
write that little bit of wrong in the
world and I'd like to thank them
personally so Andre and
Horwitz nicely done the I think the
country or at least a big part of the
country just appreciates that it it it
just tied up that
story just the way it needed to be
because you want to know that somebody
who put their wrist their own neck which
is what what he did you want to know
that if somebody risks their neck for
other people and doesn't ask anything in
return can still you know have a good
outcome so wow made me feel good I guess
Trump's going to keep things interesting
today by uh allegedly he's going to sign
some kind of executive order that would
um ban biological males from women's
sports now we don't know how deeply that
goes would that include professional
sports and would he even be able to do
that would it include all high school
and college we don't know but we'll see
um I would argue that although he
genuinely wants to do this and his base
genuinely wants to tapen I think
majority of the country actually over
50% uh are completely on board with this
but what I love about it is it's part of
is overwhelming the news
I didn't realize I saw a video u i I
think it was maybe at the beginning of
the first term of trump you know the his
first uh four years and it was Steve
Bannon uh explaining how to defeat the
fake news and you do it by overwhelming
them so that they they can't get a beat
on anything there's just more coming
than they can handle and you see that in
action so so this was
Perhaps Perhaps Steve bannon's original
um strategy maybe he got it from someone
else I don't know but you you it was fun
to see the origin of that it looks like
that might have been the origin of just
overwhelming the news so I see this uh
executive order as well as a lot of the
other ones as part of that strategy to
make sure that they just can't figure
out what he's doing there's just too
much going on and this one's wonderful
because gets everybody worked up oh
biological men and women's sports we've
got to fight about this so perfect
strategy uh meanwhile I don't know if
this is true but I think it was a W
Street Journal that was saying that RFK
Jr and telsey gabard are on a Glide path
to
confirmation do you think that's true I
guess they both got out a committee
which is the step before for the full
vote and getting through the
committee is hard enough you know and
and probably that tells you why you need
to know about what the vote will do but
I don't know is it really is it really a
done deal I I guess the thinking is that
the Republicans who might have resisted
have been co-opted so they either got
some kind of thing in response or they
got some assurances or something but um
it's looking like maybe they're going to
go through maybe they're going through
now what I like is that the reason given
that the RFK Jr um domination would go
through is that the uh politicians were
afraid of afraid of saying
no which I don't think you see with most
nominees but what you saw when it looked
like RFK Jr might not be confirmed
people went nuts and they should
because we had a deal you know what I
mean we had a deal which is if RFK Jr
takes the enormous risk of playing with
Trump we got to back him and you know
not only did his own you know Maha
people who who kind of allowed
themselves to be wrapped in the Trump
World for at least to get their stuff
done I think we owed them a Deal's a
deal right a Deal's a deal so if we
don't get RFK Jr through I'm GNA go
nuts and I'm going to make sure whoever
voted against him who's a
republican definitely knows that was a
bad idea eventually they're going to
know that was a very bad idea but it
looks like maybe they'll get through so
could be good
news uh according to futurism a
publication
uh the FBI has quietly revealed that it
has a real life UFO
office the FBI has a UFO office just
like the X
Files now apparently the Pentagon also
had a UFO office or maybe it was a UAP
but real
UFOs so
uh I've got a suggestion for Doge
if you're looking for an easy
cut um I I I don't think we need a UFO
[Laughter]
office have they have they found one yet
let's put it this way if the UFO Office
of the FBI found a real UFO they can
stay if they haven't found a UFO
yet maybe we don't need the UFO
office it's funny that even
exists anyway uh apparently El Salvador
keeps doing smart things have you
noticed that whenever El Salvador is in
the
news no matter what the specifics of the
topic are the the general theme is oh
that's like really well done or H looks
like you got another good idea there El
Salvador or huh strategically that's
kind of brilliant have you noticed that
so I guess buelli is just you know
slaying it and one of the things he did
when um Mar Rubio was down there
yesterday or whatever it was I think it
was yesterday uh they worked on a deal
where the United States has offered to
help El Salvador build a domestic
nuclear
energy um
structure now I worry that the United
States doesn't have enough nuclear
energy experts to build own stuff but we
better be we better be developing that
really quickly because if we're not
we're dumb so how important is it that
the United States BEC sort of the big
brother to South American countries
they're looking for clean
energy really really important because
the last thing you want is for somebody
like El or to say you know we need
energy we're not going to do without it
so China can he help us build a nuclear
reactor we can't go there so yes
everything about this is good uh El
Salvador being smart again good job um
read about this in breit
Bart um all right we have to talk about
Trump and Gaza that's what you're
waiting for
right so uh this is a story that just I
almost fell off my
chair so if if you're watching my
posting on X you may have noticed a
change of opinion on my part so this is
a complete
180 uh when it was first announced and I
saw the video of trump saying hey maybe
the United States will just take over
Gaza uh we'll be in charge of cleaning
it up and then we'll just own it and
we'll rebuild it into the Rivier of the
Middle East and it'll become a an
important port you know for the whole
world and everything will be great but
the the uh current
residence will not be there for many
years while it gets cleaned up
apparently it would take years to even
make it safe to live
there uh so he drops
that what was your first
reaction probably like mine some of you
just like anything that Trump says he's
going to do but your first reaction if
it was anything like mine was hell no
are you effing kidding me how in the
world does that make sense for America
how about America first we stay the F
out of the entire Middle East because if
we put our stupid foot right in the
middle of their business we're going to
be pestered
forever we're we're going to become
Target number one we're going to have
you know our troops are going to be
dying in the sand over there for nothing
the odds of it becoming a prosperous
Place seem not so good to me because
it'll always be under you know risk of
attack Iran's going to hate it Saudi
Arabia hates it I don't even think
Israel likes it I think Israel hates it
I think 100% of the people over there
don't want us there so that's bad news
and guess what most of America doesn't
want this to happen
so somehow Trump came up with an idea
that 100% of the world thinks is a bad
idea except for you know there'll be
some whatever you say Trump I mean there
are a lot of those right a lot of
people's like uh you want to you want to
murder all the people okay you know so
some number of trump supporters are
going to say whatever you say dear
leader but a lot of trump
supporters like
me and even the Israeli ones I imagine
are thinking uh H I see why you think
this is a good
idea but do we really need you occupying
this land that Israel just cleared for
itself because it would be basically
taking land from Israel because for all
practical purposes Israel owns Gaza they
already own it I mean by functional
control so that's what I thought when I
when I first heard it does that match
what any of you thought when you first
heard it was that your first
impression all right now we're going to
give you a more Nuance take because I
slept on
it the first thing you have to remember
is that Trump doesn't operate like
anybody else so as soon as you imagine
that the frame you're evaluating him in
would be some kind of standard frame the
standard frame would be is it a good
idea for America to own Gaza right
that that was my frame last night is
that a good idea is that good for
America no so if that's the frame you're
in you this kind of only one answer bad
idea but let's put it in a trump
frame because that's the that's the one
that matters he never operates in the
normal frame so you got to find his
frame you know what like how's he
operating here here's what I think
happened um
I think Trump just ended a permanent war
between Hamas and
Israel he just ended the
war the war's
over because what he just told both
sides is you're never going to have a
common border again cuz the common
border was the problem the fact that
they're right there and they'd like to
be even closer right there and they're
going to get ready behind behind their
border until they're ready for an attack
and then obviously surely 100% there'll
be another one so how do you solve an
unsolvable problem so Israel and really
the entire Middle East had an unsolvable
problem there was no
solution you can't Israel can't just
keep it because that would be ethnic
cleansing right they'd say Okay Israel
you've just turned into you know the
very thing that you complain about the
most so in terms of Israel's
brand just destroying Gaza and then just
keeping
it would have been really bad for their
brand now it might have been good for
them in the long run 30 years from now
they would just have more land more
safety more security so in the long run
it was probably all
good but for
decades it was going to be really bad so
Israel didn't really have a clean path
to a win they couldn't depopulate it
because that looks like ethnic cleansing
they couldn't say hey uh now that we've
killed most of the people we hate why
don't you go back there and live there
well first of all it's too unsafe second
of all they haven't gotten rid of Famas
um and looks like they're even not even
that close and so there wasn't a
solution it was a 100% unsolvable
problem
problem so what does Trump
do what do you do if you have people who
can't unite and come up with a common
solution what what is the one thing that
will make people who absolutely are at
each other's throats stop fighting each
other and unite there's only one thing
an external common
threat an external common threat that's
the only thing that makes people who
hate each other for this long put down
their weapons to say all right
temporarily temporarily we need to get
together and fight this other external
threat Trump's the external threat he's
not good for Israel he's not good for
America it's not good for uh any of the
residents of Gaza is not good for Saudi
Arabia they're already complaining and I
haven't heard what the European
countries are saying but you know they
don't like it I haven't heard what China
and Russia say about it but I don't
think they're in favor of it
so so not only did Trump end the
war let me say that he ended the
war that there can't be a war if there's
nobody you know next to somebody else
because Hamas wherever they end up under
this plan if if this happens uh wherever
they end up would be spread around in
different places and it would be really
hard to mount any kind of a real Attack
on Israel
proper so he just basically said Trump
did the war is
over the only thing you get to decide
you meaning Israel Gaza and all the all
the related countries all you get to
decide do you have a better
offer that's it
that's
it the the only thing they left they get
to decide is do you have a better
offer and they
don't they
don't but you know what's going to
happen you're going to see some
creativity and some
flexibility that you never thought you
would see suddenly countries that
thought okay we can offer this but
that's as far as we're going to go
suddenly they're going to get flexible
because the last thing they want is the
United States to set up a giant military
base right in the middle of their
business and have a dominant role in
controlling the shipping in the region
because Gaza if they build a little
portal uh I guess they'd have to build
an artificial Island and then turn it
into like a harbor uh but it could be
the controlling place for a huge amount
of trade through the area so do you
think do you think that the uh Islamic
countries whether they're allies or not
you think any of them want that no so
let me say it again Trump ended the war
the war's
over because they need a common border
for that Hamas versus Isel thing to
continue into the future he just took
away their common border now if they
come up with a better
idea and I don't know what it would look
like maybe Saudi Arabia says oh we'll do
more you know how about we take over
right what if what if Saudi Arabia came
in and said all right here's the
deal I know we want to do this wider
bigger than the Abrams Accord thing but
we're not quite ready to step up to that
you know we we can't just you know have
everybody embracing Israel like nothing
ever happened and go into this big old
deal but now you
can because maybe maybe the larger deal
in the region depended on everybody
thinking if we don't do this we're going
to get something we really don't want
which is a big old Trump boot in the
middle of the Middle
East so watch how this sharpens
everybody's
thinking watch how it makes people who
weren't flexible
flexible watch how perhaps Jordan and
Egypt who had said no no no we'll never
take any
any of these Gaza immigrants maybe
they'll say well yeah well maybe we
could if you know maybe Saudi Arabia or
somebody helped us fund it and then
Saudi Arabia would say we don't want to
help you fund it but we don't want Trump
in the Middle East with a giant military
base
and watch how creative people get so
this this is what only Trump can do and
he does it all the time so you should
recognize it by now what he does is he
shakes the box so hard that everybody
involved just wants us to stop
shaking and they all get flexible and
they all think all right this is the
time to make a deal because if we don't
do it now the United States is going to
own
Gaza now did you see um if you haven't
seen it yet you have to watch
netanyahu's reaction when Trump is
rolling out this idea in their joint
press conference after they met
yesterday I can't read
mins but watching Netanyahu squirm
because he didn't know how this was
going to work out or how it was going to
go and I'm pretty sure it wasn't his
idea and I don't know how much he even
liked the idea he may have just decided
he had to go long because he was he was
in Trump's house so to speak and he
needs Trump on board and they've got a
good working relationship so you know
he's not going to throw that
away and he just sort of let it happen
while looking really uncomfortable again
I can't read his mind but he he didn't
have the look of someone who was
embracing the
idea
um so we we might end up with the best
possible situation but but I want to be
clear about this it's not a
bluff it's not a
bluff Trump would do it if they don't
come up with a better
idea I'll bet they'll come up with a
better
idea which they never would have before
so we'll
see all right so the things we're
learning about uh USA and uh the
National Endowment for democracy which
is another one of these uh alleged CIA
cutouts that the US uses to control
other countries and run coups and uh do
uh uh what do you call it uh capacity
building in other countries which is you
know getting kind of a foothold in other
countries in some entities within those
countries so that we can have some
future
control um now as you know the only
reason we know about this is that Mike
Benz has been explaining it for a while
but then Doge got in there and started
looking at USA and all the things it's
doing and decided oh no it's a ball of
worms as Elon mus says and although it
might be doing some things we like we're
going to have to close down the whole
thing and then if there's a good
argument for adding anything back
they're open to listening to it but the
only way to fix it is you just got to
get rid of the ball of worms and then
see if you can find a little bit of
Apple
later so here are the things we
know uh yeah and Mike Ben says when when
a job is too dirty for the CIA they give
it to
usaid uh so here's what you need to
know uh the Mike Ben's take on us8 is
it's not a mixture of bad things like
overthrowing countries with a mixture of
good things like he helping countries um
battle the AIDS crisis in their own
country what it is is in every case a
CIA takeover of a
country sometimes they help them with
the AIDS but that's really just the
easiest way to get our our assets into
their country so it's really about maybe
collecting some information through the
AIDS process maybe using it to get some
spies in there so they can work their
thing once are you know behind the on
the other side of the border so the Ben
take which I accept is that there's no
such thing as USA just doing charity all
the Chari is a cover for something that
the US wants so in some sense us Aid is
doing the bidding of the United States
except who in the United
States it kind of matters whose bidding
they're doing right
so if it's not Trump's bidding should
they be doing
anything
so at the moment USA looks like just a
weapon that we use against other
countries and um what we've learned
about how they do it is the fun part so
I'm going to tell you what to look for
if you thought that USA and the CIA were
trying to take control of your country
so here here are the telltale signs so
if you're in another country and you see
this happening you should say whoa whoa
red flag this looks like a takeover of
our country ready number one usually the
Takeover has to do with getting rid of a
populist because a populist is not a
puppet and if we're going to try to
control some smaller country we want to
get a puppet in there so the existence
of a populist is usually a trigger for
the other things and if the result is a
puppet then probably there was this uh
undercover effort now there's a name for
this kind of takeover and there's some
more details I'll give
you they're often referred to as color
revolutions the reason it's a color
Revolution is that there's some history
of some of these fake revolutions that
the CIA and USA Gins up that they have
some kind of color as their Banner so I
guess Georgia had a I don't know an
orange movement and Ukraine when it was
doing its thing there they had a rose
movement right and I think somebody else
had some other color so often there's a
color associated with the movement but
that's you know not a requirement but
often there um you would look for
outside money flowing into the country
right so You' look for that
uh or us Aid specifically so if you saw
that us Aid was sending money into
anything in your country that would be a
sign that there's a plan takeover right
so you're looking for a populist who
triggers it looking to be replaced by a
puppet the puppet being run by you know
USA and CIA uh some outside money from
USA so and capacity building so the
capacity building would be getting your
own uh puppets into the media getting
your own people into the important
institutions either by bribery or
blackmail or usually bribery and so you
look for that but here's here's the big
one you look for um an artificially
generated social
instability so the way you get a good
Revolution going is you got to get the
social instability really high so then
it all makes sense oh it's obvious why
this country got rid of their leader
because look at all the social
instability so you got to create some in
Social instability if there isn't any
you might for example the number one way
to do that is to get um to get a country
racially divided so if there's any
minority groups that are being abused
used they're they're already primed so
you just got to organize them give them
money make sure they got a leader uh you
know make sure they know how to organize
and and then suddenly you've got people
in the streets Suddenly It's a battle
suddenly the news which you've also done
capacity building so you've got some
control of at least some of the media so
then the media starts saying hey look at
the population they're so unhappy
because of all the division they're
taking to the streets and then that's
the next thing if you see movements
literally on the
streets and they haven't existed before
they might be fake
movements so it would be typical for the
color Revolution to say co-opt uh a a
big Union if they could get control of
the leaders of the Union then the union
would be you know part of the marching
in the streets so you look for any big
organization that maybe already exists
but they're not organized and you get
them organized and get them on the
streets and that would be part of a
color
Revolution two of the things that USA
does for other countries which you could
say huh is that part of the social
instability what is they push they push
Dei on other
countries do you think they're pushing
Dei on other countries because that's
good for America
uh is it because it's just
charity or is it social
instability well Dei causes tremendous
social
instability so there's that what about
climate change apparently climate change
is something that gets introduced in a
country you want to take over because
there's always some green people who say
yeah hell yeah climate change Let's uh
our government's not doing enough we're
going to take to the streets so you can
get some climate change people marching
you can get some race race related
groups marching then you got your Social
instability but none of it works unless
you've got control of the media or
enough control to tell your a story oh
everything's bad here we're going to
have to get rid of this populist leader
this populist can't do anything right we
better put in this well-respected boring
puppet
all right so look for the capacity
Building look for billionaires funding
things look for the racism and the fake
groups and all that and the media
propaganda and you look for the USA
behind it and then there's one there's
one tell that's like the good
one if it also looks like Russia is is a
threat that's almost a guarantee that
the United States is behind it because
we love to blame Russia for stuff
especially if it's Ukraine or Georgia or
just about anybody else you know we're
going to say you know we could save you
from Russia or this this new leader
could be the the person who protects you
from Russia yeah so look for that so
that uh that takes us to
2016 you remember
2016 when this populist American became
president his name was Trump you've
heard of him and uh the powers that be
in this
country even the people who control us
Aid probably were not happy about it
turns out the US Aid is 98%
Democrats so you can imagine how
everybody felt when this non-d Democrat
populist became president and do you
remember what happened soon after he
became president some changes in the
country did anybody notice those changes
I'll give you some examples uh there
were the pink hats yeah there a
lot of people wearing pink Pink's a
color yeah but there was also black
lives matter in
antifa seems like they were wearing a
lot of black
outfits there was the you know black
motif of black lives matter but then
antifa always dressed in black was
almost like Black was the color
almost like they were color
coordinated do you remember the
Charlottesville Marchers you know those
neonazis U marching have you know isn't
it weird that we had never seen anything
like that in modern
America and then it happened once and
then we never saw it again and it became
the biggest story in America and it was
based on a
hoax the The hoax that Trump was on the
side of the not
Nazis now I said it at the time but I
didn't have any context to back it up I
said there's something about this
Charlottesville event that looks
completely
non-organic how did all these people
afford to be there how did they get the
tiki torches how did the most
disorganized group of people in the
United States the Neo-Nazi races how did
they suddenly Mount this uh camera
perfect media
but only once they could only pull it
off once isn't that interesting
huh
so that would look like exactly the kind
of thing that the USA and the United
States and the CIA would do to another
country just what they do and then of
course there was something weird about
black lives matter in
antifa that popped up around the same
time that it seemed to come out a
nowhere seemed to be funded by Soros and
who knows where else
and and they disappeared as soon as Joe
Biden became
president so that would kind of suggest
that Charlottesville was never real
because it never reconstituted in any
way um it would suggest that black lives
matter was never real except that it had
some kind of
exterior backing that made it active for
a while and it would suggest that antifa
was never
real so who would who would be backing
things that aren't real that would
create racial division at the same time
Dei was going wild and the biggest uh
one of the biggest complaints about this
populous president was not good on
climate change huh Dei and climate
change two things that we know are used
as Weapons against other countries to
create social
divide both of them happening at the
same time our populist president got in
that's kind of a big coincidence isn't
it
um and then of course the j6
Insurrection we don't know what role the
government had in fomenting that but it
doesn't look like something that
happened organically to me to me it
looks like a bunch of people who thought
the election was rigged but for some
reason the bunch bad people got in there
too what do you think was the organizing
principle that get all the bad people in
there
too it was
surprisingly surprisingly organized and
yet and yet after January 6 nothing like
that has ever happened again so never
happened
before hasn't happened again it's almost
like that's not a naturally organized
group of people it's as if there's some
exterior Force organizing black lives
matter organizing a Charlottesville
March organizing antifa and organizing
perhaps the violent
part of January 6 and then we've got the
anti-israel
protesters so I'm not sure if that's
related because that that one actually
could be
organic um but anyway you don't have to
worry about you don't have to worry
about some color revolution in the
United States because that would assume
that uh that the CIA was turning its
weapons against a domestic
enemy um except we know that they are
allowed to do that now and we know that
they did that for censorship by using
funding of um foreign entities that
would then try to suppress our social
networks and create uh censorship in our
country by building capacity in other
places
huh huh uh when USA ID pushed Dei in the
United States somebody saying in the
comments I've been seen that but that
wouldn't surprise me but you know the
the way to know if there was some kind
of color
revolution in this country would be I I
mean and obviously this didn't happen
but imagine if the person who replaced
the the populist candidate imagine if
that person was was a
puppet oh wait Joe Biden was a
puppet he was the only candidate we've
ever seen in which neither side believes
he was actually in
charge never seen that before but at
least he has this vice president
who oh wait we learned that the vice
president was so incapable that she
couldn't possibly have been in charge of
anything and if she became
president would have been a
puppet because she was weak and
incapable
so I'm not going to say that there was a
color revolution in the United States
driven by the same people with the same
tools that did it in other in other
countries and by the way not just once
in a while but dozens of other countries
dozens and it always looks the same
but there were fake organizations there
were fake media do you know why the
Charlottesville thing worked it's
because the hoax that came out of it the
fine people hoax do you know why the the
mainstream media who all knew it was a
hoax do you know why they didn't report
it as a hoax they reported it as fact
and they kept reporting it as fact long
after it got debunked do you know
why well it's not because they didn't
know it was
fake it it looks exactly
like USA and the CIA and all their evil
trolls ran a ran an overthrow of this
country under that
context given that context do you
believe the elections were not rigged in
2020 you know I went from open to the
question in 2020 I was like well you
know there's I I'm not seeing any proof
but I'm I'm open open to the possibility
of anything happening possible at the
moment I think the the odds that 2020
was rigged are 100% because once you see
the entire mechanism from the fake media
to the fake Street movements to the fake
division about Race fake division about
climate it's so textbook that if they
didn't rig the actual
election why' they do the rest of the
stuff all the rest of the stuff was to
to get a result and they're not
playing that's the thing you need to
know whoever would be behind this sort
of stuff they're not
playing so yes of course they would rig
the election if that was the only way to
win and it might have been so I would
say that if they didn't rig the
election they were ready to rig the
election
maybe they didn't have to I mean it's
possible that Biden the puppet the brain
dead Puppet got the most votes that any
Democrat has ever
gotten and then the very next election
it goes back down to the
Baseline
maybe maybe but How likely is that I
would say the odds of 2020 election
being
stolen I'd give it a
100% I I don't think there's any doubt
at this
point but I I'll give you I'll give you
the only out I'll give myself is that
it's not
proven but how many times has the United
States rigged an election in another
country and they couldn't prove
it does that never
happen and I'd like somebody to explain
to me why is it we have voting
machines when you don't need them
they're more expensive they're harder to
maintain they're not as fast or or at
least they're you know there's no
advantage in
anything so why would you have them I
can only think of one
reason you know in the in the early days
I can imagine the vendors just sold them
with their oh this will be
faster oh much better much more accurate
than the paper but now that we know that
none of that's true why do we still have
them
why do you have a voting
machine there's only one reason once
you've actually had them long enough to
know that they're not not faster more
accurate more reliable they're
nothing why do you still have them
there's only one reason and if nobody
will even come on TV and say oh Scott
you're wrong here there are some good
reasons I'd be open to that by the way
if there are some good reasons I'll
change my mind
tomorrow but you don't know any reasons
I'm a I'm a voter and this is one of the
biggest issues in the country was the
election fair and not a single person as
ever that I've seen maybe you've seen it
but I haven't seen it going on TV or on
the news to
defend why machines are safer faster
cheaper better than
paper haven't seen it and that's a dog
not barking pretty
loudly so that's where we are now the
good news about this usaid debacle is
that the the uh leaders who are prairie
dogging on this you know other one is
the ones who are sticking their heads up
and saying no no no you cannot cut this
no no they're all the ones who are part
of the grift they're they're ones who
are either directly or indirectly funded
by us a even though they're politicians
in this country you know that there
there are lots of indirect ways to fund
things
but uh all the all the definitely
corrupt people have uh decided to go
public now they don't know that it's so
obvious that this is the corrupt crowd I
sometimes call them the designated Liars
but look look at the names of the people
who just went in public trying hard to
keep that us Aid Schumer Elizabeth
Warren Chris Murphy Jamie Raskin
AOC and as Mike Ben pointed out AOC is
only a politician because there was a
usaid um process to find her in college
and jump start her
career so AOC has always been a creation
of the
machine and she's out there oh defending
need that usaid swalwell Adam Schiff
Hillary Clinton Leon Panetta need I say
more the well also let's see uh Jasmine
I think Jasmine Crockett was there and
uh Presley and Yan Omar the the last
three on the list they may just be
jumping
in because they like to jump in I'm not
sure they're all
USA you know beneficiaries they might be
Elan Omar might be I don't know but uh
that's the thing to look for anyway
they've all revealed themselves as part
of the Dirty Money plot now if you saw
uh if you saw Schumer the second day in
a row he went out in public and
embarrassed all of the Democrats uh
remember he he held up the can of beer
and the avocado and and he mansplained
to people what an avocado is and
avocado makes your
guacamole you will not have a
beer as inexpensively as before on Super
Bowl and it was just so weak and so
poorly done and then the next day he's
out there trying to save USA and he's
giving his inspirational speech and uh
I'd like to give you my impression of
Charles of Senator
Schumer uh inspiring the
crowd preparing myself
get the
glasses and we are going to win
everybody we're going to
win okay you say it after me we we're
going to win no this is where you say at
the same time I say it everybody say it
loud we're going to win and that and
then we're not going to rest no you say
that too we're not going to rest don't
say the first part say the second part
only now we're get arrest we never get
rest and it was literally just
hilarious but I thought to
myself maybe Democrats love this you
know maybe maybe my my bias filter is
you know so sensitive that anything the
other team does I don't like right but
then I turn on John
Stewart John Stewart is begging
Democrats to stop
John Stewart is begging Democrats to
stop sending Schumer
out and and after mocking Schumer as
badly as I did Stuart just leans into
the microphone he goes he's not good at
this he's not good at
this yeah he's not good at
this anyway uh so all the bad people are
going to try to stop Doge the federal
workers are suing Doge for connecting
some server to something wired is
reporting who knows where that'll
be I guess 20,000 federal workers have
taken Trump's buyout offer if he if they
take the buyout they get paid through
September with Benefits 20,000 said yep
so I read that in just the
news um and that's going to save if they
say 100 billion a
year so that's nice saved 100 billion a
year uh apparently the entire CIA has
this offer as well and uh I'd expect
some of them to take it in other news
Ukrainian president zalinski according
to the Gateway pundit um he thinks that
the United States should Supply him with
nuclear
weapons you know
the puppet that the United States
installed I don't know you know anything
could happen but I don't think we want
to give him nuclear
weapons I don't think that's going to
happen not under Trump
anyway
anyway yeah he's a crazy man Maniac I
can't imagine how that would make
anything better
um apparently according to Doge and uh
there's an article and Breitbart uh that
uh the Biden Administration made
improper
payments uh totaling $236 billion just
in 23 alone
2023 now that was mostly
overpayments and you know even though
it's a lot of money 238 billion it's a
just a portion of the 1.8
trillion um annual
deficit but think about that so
so so 236 billion is the amount we've
identified as fraudulent or
overpayment let me say that again that's
just the amount we
identified that is by no means the limit
of what the fraud was it's only what
we've
identified oh my God you know you we we
found out through the Doge effort that
the treasury was signing off on
everything that came to them that they
didn't look at anything say wait a
minute you're paying a terrorist it just
wasn't their job they just processed the
payments so we had this huge unaudited
immense pile of money that wasn't being
managed in any practical way and maybe
it will be
now but um I'd like to go on record is
saying I don't understand how Doge could
possibly save enough money to balance
the budget all the numbers I hear don't
make any sense to me so USA for example
is
like 7% of the
budget um correct me if I'm wrong but I
think 100% of what Doge has been working
on is maybe 1% of the budget so if they
save you know 30% of 1% of the budget
that's not even getting anywhere
near you the amount of the deficit but
when they talk about it they act like it
does what am I
missing why don't any of the numbers
make sense to me none of it makes sense
and when I say it doesn't make sense I
mean it's like a butterfly to an
elephant I don't understand it what I
see is a butterfly sized number of cuts
even though the numbers are enormous
in terms of percentages it's like a
little
butterfly what needs to be cut would be
the
elephant the claims are they found
enough butterflies to equal like half an
elephant already I don't think so so I
don't know what's going on exactly but I
don't know why I can't understand the
difference between the butterfly and an
elephant I mean I'm not even I'm not
even in the same zip
code with seeing that we're cutting
enough to make a difference but maybe
I'd love to be wrong I mean that would
be ideal so we'll see what happens with
that in terms of the deficit but uh
certainly I like everything that doge is
doing I like them moving fast I like
them breaking stuff I like them turning
off things that we desperately need just
to find out how desperately we do need
them every part of that is looking good
to me I I like the aggressiveness that
they're using I like that they're B and
you know maybe bending some rules no bad
ones but they're bending rules in the in
the service of doing something useful
you can do that all day long as far as
I'm
concerned so we'll see um apparently
according to Zero Hedge seven Americans
have been charged with the this gigantic
covid related tax credit scheme where
they filed for over for $600 million of
fraudulent payments now they didn't get
all 600 million but they got 45 million
seven people filing fake uh tax returns
and asking for the covid money 45
million they could have gotten 600
million again those are the ones that
got
caught how many didn't get
caught that the numbers of fraud during
the pandemic and just in general are are
just
mindboggling so yes the entire the
entire government is
broken
and I I don't think Doge can break it
harder it's completely broken it's it's
throwing our money out the door for
things we don't even know about so if
you break that you're breaking something
that was already broken right you can't
break something that's already
completely broken and that's what our
funding and spending were completely
broken so you can't break it harder than
it was already
broken all right so the Wall Street
Journal in their editorial
opinion um is describing
Trump's negotiating victories with
Canada and Mexico as quote minor
concessions and treating it basically as
an embarrassing failure because he got
nothing of substance but he backed off
um at least for 30 days on the
tariffs does that really look right to
you why are they calling a major
concession a minor one is it because
they think they won't actually do
anything so I think the complaint is
until Mexico and Canada do something
that is big and what they promised he
got
nothing because they haven't done
anything yet to which I say that's why
he postponed the terorist for 30 days
because our you know good friends and
partners and neighbors said yes we plan
to do these things and so Trump said
that those are things I want so if
you're going to do those things I'll
I'll wait 30 days for the tariffs then
in 30 days if you've done those things
we're all good maybe you know he he
always says maybe he doesn't say for
sure
um but isn't this the way it's supposed
to work and and so if the Wall Street
Journal is
right and the only thing Canada and
Mexico did was make some promises that
they have no intention of keeping I saw
an article just before I came on that
suggested that Canada had no intention
of sending extra people to the
Border maybe that's true and then you
what then you know what you do you crash
the recover eies you you destroy their
economies because if they really
promised us something that's that
important to
us if they promised it and it was
 that's when you're not friends
anymore that's the end of being friends
that's when Trump's going to crash your
economy and you probably recover but
it's going to take you a while and we're
never going to stop tariffing you
because we can't trust you now if we
can't trust you when you make a
deal your econom is going to the toilet
and I think Trump needs to do that but
because we're dealing with allies and
neighbors and partners you can't say no
when they say yes in other words if you
ask for something and they say
yes you can't tariff them then they said
yes they they offered something you
wanted but if they lied which is what
the Wall Street Journal is suggesting or
or they allowed Trump to think it was
more than it was which would be kind of
a
lie uh it's going to be really
expensive and they're going to wish it
didn't happen so my guess is they're
going to step up because when it gets
close to that 30 days it's going to be
pain and I don't think Trump's going to
I think I think if they say it again oh
wait give us another 30 days I don't
think they're going to get another 30
days I think the next 30 days both
Mexico and Canada get to decide if they
still have an
economy and I think Trump will just take
both of them down if they lie to
him all
right um
wow according to One Source um over four
years the administration unintentionally
misspent close to a trillion dollars
wow uh this is according to uh ra Rachel
greszler in the National Review well I
suppose there'll be lots of different
opinions on how much was
misspent but that's a big
number
um right all
right um Trump says he left instructions
that if he gets assassinated by an
Iranian asset that the that Iran will be
obliterated now we don't know if
obliterated means the whole country or
just the leadership I would imagine it
would be the leadership but uh that was
exactly the right way to play it what
now who knows if Trump has really you
know left instructions to obliterate
them uh I don't think he'd have to tell
us I I think I think we'd go hard at
Iran's leader ship and Destroy them if
they took out Trump so it's probably not
maybe technically true that you know
somebody's going to obey the president
who's no longer with us so would it make
any difference if he left
instructions all that matters would be
if JD Vance wanted to do
that but I don't think you'd have to
twist his
arm um so I like that Trump puts it out
there and he makes it clear
as he did with North Korea if you cross
this line you never you don't get to
come back so uh I like that
positioning weirdly Elizabeth Warren is
agreeing with Trump that banks are de
banking too many people without
cause how about
that that's a that's a weird one now
apparently Warren is getting lots of
complaints from people being debanked in
probably in those cases those are you
know left leaning people getting
debanked now there are lots of reasons
to be debanked and usually it's because
the account did something
suspicious by Bank
standards doesn't mean that they broke
any laws but there was something about
the way they were operating that a bank
says we can't touch that you're a little
too close to weird crypto a little too
close to scams uh you're operating as if
you're doing something illegal but we
can't tell so apparently there are a
whole bunch of gray areas where you can
get debanked pretty fast and Elizabeth
Warren is actually asking Trump for
support and is supporting the idea that
the banks need to explain and have a
maybe a better process for deciding who
gets debanked so hey a little bit of
minor agreement
there uh this story already got reversed
from the time that I wrote it in my
notes for a moment there the post office
was halting all packages from China and
that was related I guess to the fact
that uh China sends gazillions of small
packages to get past the uh get past the
tariffs and duties that would apply on
larger dollar
items
huh um
so but apparently that's been resumed
already because it it was too dramatic a
change and too much involved would hurt
American companies too much but uh I
recommended
that back in probably
2018 I said if fenel is coming into the
country from China we should stop all
shipments from
China which seemed like a ridiculous
idea but it happened for maybe a few
hours uh I don't know if that's going to
happen
again all right so here's the nerdiest
thing I'm going to tell you about AI
this is actually a big deal but if
you're not following the field it won't
look like a big deal at all did you know
that AI can't read
spreadsheets it can read them you could
feed it to them and it'll tell you some
things that are in there but it can't
reliably tell you what's on the
spreadsheet or make an estimate based on
it or or extended or anything it just is
sort of dumb and blind when it looks at
any table of data I don't know why I
think it's it's something that's built
into the character of AI so it's hard to
change
but there's a company according to
Fortune a German startup that figured
out how to make AI capable of reading
spreadsheets and small tables of data
now why this is such a big deal is is
this is exactly why I don't use
AI the the biggest uses I had all
involved in needed to look at a data or
a document or some numbers because if I
wanted to build an agent that could ask
questions such as you know can you find
a Dilbert that had this topic on that
day I have that information in a table
on a
spreadsheet but I couldn't read it so I
couldn't build an AI agent that would
just look at my spreadsheet and say oh
you're looking for the one about the
robot here's some dates where the robot
was and then show you the comic can't do
it then I also tried to train it to
Simply replace me you know to know
everything about me and I thought oh
I'll put a whole bunch of facts about me
in a
document and then it will just refer to
the document and it will know about me
couldn't do it so pretty
much I don't know maybe 2third of the
things you would ever want to use AI for
would require the AI to look at a a
document or a little bit of data and
incorporate that into its answers and if
they make that
work that really is a big difference it
just seems like a small one but it's a
really big one I I would use AI
immediately if if it can do that one
little thing well in Greenland the
elections are
coming and uh most most of the residents
of Greenland want
independence but that doesn't mean they
want to be owned by America they would
like to be independent from Denmark but
a majority of them also think there's no
way to do it because Denmark provides
half a billion a year to keep them alive
and they don't want their lifestyle to
go down by half a billion a year because
there aren't many people there so that's
a lot of money and they'd love to be
independent but but not with the
economic hit they would take by becoming
independent so let me tell you what the
most obvious solution is where America
gets What It Wants Denmark gets what it
wants and Greenland gets what it wants
which is that Greenland and Denmark both
agree that the US military can have a
strong presence in Greenland and
essentially be the National Defense but
we'd be doing it for our own National
Defense it's just that green
better situated
geographically so it seems to me there's
an obvious
endpoint I don't think we really need
Greenland to be a
state I don't see that that benefits us
I don't think the greenlanders needed
need to be part of America but they need
defense they need Denmark to keep paying
them so Denmark keeps it they keep
paying them lifestyle is good and then
you United States adds the military
muscle to keep them safe and that I
think we would have everything we
wanted
except wouldn't it be nice if Denmark
paid for the US military presence in
Greenland so we didn't have to pay for
it wouldn't that be
nice now Denmark's
alternative they might think is that we
just take the country because we can and
just say sorry you know you're a good
Ally but this just has to happen for for
you know geopolitical reasons so there's
some
possibility that Denmark would keep
paying the residents their half a
billion year and maybe pay us a billion
dollars a year to help keep the military
there who knows possible all right
that's all I've got for now ladies and
gentlemen I'm going to talk to the
people on uh locals
privately and today will be another big
news day I'm sure there have been lots
of things that happened since I started
and uh everybody on X and YouTube and
Rumble thanks for joining I'll see you
again tomorrow same time same place and
locals I'm coming to you privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e e