[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's been 11
hours since the last time I was with you
and I think that's too long yeah it's
time there's not much happening today so
I'm good it takes four questions it's
been Groundhog Day every day you wake up
and you say do we still have a virus yep
looks like it's gonna be another one of
those days but this one will start down
a little bit better than Benny because
you're gonna be taking the simultaneous
lip with me and all you need is a cup of
mugged or a glass of tanker chelators
died in a canteen jug or flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the cycle
CD is that but it happens now mmm
delicious so let's talk about the things
that are happening so face there's a
little test of Facebook users so
Facebook users were offered a hundred
and two dollars if they would just give
up Facebook for a little while and then
they tested to see how they did it turns
out with that giving up Facebook is
really good for your health so the
people were reported improved subjective
well-being so apparently we now have at
least a little bit of scientific data
that says Facebook's bad for your health
did you
somebody says CPAP but not respirators
work if you have a link for that send it
to me because I think I know what you're
talking about but I don't know if it's
true so we need a fact check somebody's
saying that the CPAP machines might be
better than the ventilators which I
don't rule out as possible because these
insulators were considered maybe not the
be-all end-all
they might have been the wrong pressure
and all that stuff yeah why why hundred
and two dollars I don't know it's a good
question so you've heard about the
patients who had corona virus and then
they recovered but then some number that
maybe two percent show that they have
the infection still and so the
researchers say what you're supposed to
have antibodies you're not supposed to
be able to get reinfected but here's the
good news
turns out you shouldn't be as worried
about that as baby you were because
there's at least one scientist doctor
researcher types who thinks there should
not be a source of worry and here's his
argument because there are several
possible explanations of why these
people are testing positive and of these
several possible explanations most of
them are harmless for example there
could be remnants of the virus that are
still in people and the test is
sensitive so it picks it up but a
remnant of the virus would not be you
know something to worry about doesn't
mean you have the virus it just means
you have something like garbage from the
virus a little leftover so that's one
possibility
the other possibilities were let's say
just an error with the test so it could
be that the test is too sensitive
meaning it's too good so it's picking up
more than the virus it's picking up the
debris from the virus but the other is
that the test is just not perfect so
maybe if the test has some false
positives
you might be thinking you're retesting
people that are positive again but not
although it seems like that would be the
easiest one to test right who would get
out here and make a long comment about
it being boring just to get blocked
what's the point of that all right yeah
there may be other issues of the testers
so here's my current updated opinion I
had been thinking that this herd
immunity wasn't wasn't really guaranteed
it
still not guaranteed so there's still
questions to be answered but at least
one one researcher scientist who's close
to this thinks we shouldn't even worry
about it
that we'll have immunity so even if 2%
of the people or even if some people
didn't have immunity there's probably
enough people who do to get her immunity
eventually but other people warn hey
it's not so easy this isn't like a
regular virus you could get it and
recover but it might take years for your
organs to recover so apparently this is
pretty bad stuff you know you could get
better but it might take you years to
actually be better that's pretty ugly so
we'll keep an eye on that
now the anti-trump and media broadly
speaking they they don't have much
material to work with lately because
it's not a normal time and the president
keeps taking the advice of experts which
is ruining all the fun
every time the new president takes the
advice of experts the experts back them
up
it just takes all the fun out of the
anti-trump people because like you keep
down following X okay you're taking the
experts advice but but the next time
you're not following the experts okay
this time you're also taking the experts
advice but we're gonna get you we're
gonna get you one of these days and so
far the president has definitely stayed
on the right side of at least science so
he's agreeing with the experts at least
to that degree so we're watching the
anti-trump press desperately trying to
find things to criticize the president
for because that's their business model
if they don't criticize the press their
audience will go somewhere else
so they have to they have to criticize
the president so here's what they've
come up with today they've decided to
bunch up unrelated things and try to
make a story on it so they've bunched
together dr. drew dr. oz and dr. Phil
now I'd love to know what dr. Drew
thinks about that or any of them I guess
what they think about being lumped
together but the the unfairness of that
to lump three completely different
people with three completely different
situations together that's not fair
that is so not fair
and sir well so this was on that I was
asked where was this this was on CNN and
this was a headline Fox News keeps
inviting TV doctors in here who say
crazy things crazy things which one of
the crazy things I not sure what crazy
means so dr. drew as I had apologized
for underplaying the seriousness of the
virus but keep in mind he was under
playing it when the greatest experts in
the world were telling us not to be that
worried so dr. drew correctly you know
upgraded his opinion apologized for
getting it wrong in the beginning but he
wasn't that far from the experts
it's not like it's crazy it's only it
only looks crazy if you're looking at it
you know in the rear view mirror and you
take out the context the context at the
time was a lot of people were on the
same page who who were experts then
there's the dr. oz one is this crazy dr.
oz suggested that children would be a
safe class of people to go back to
school and of course that's a key to
getting people you know the adults to go
back to work because you need the kids
to be taken care of essentially but he
worded it wrong so he just worded it
wrong and so the people were looking for
trouble they heard it the way they
wanted to hear it and it sounds like he
was being cold about the possibility of
children dying now you don't have to
have a very high IQ to know that dr. oz
did not go on television and say
something cold about children dying okay
that just didn't even happen but of
course they twist his words until till
his sounds like maybe he sent something
like that if you
squint really hard and reduce your IQ by
50% so first of all dr. oz was just
talking about tough choices somebody's
gotta go first right you can't send the
parents to work and leave the kids at
home if there are young kids so he's
just making an adult observation that
you'd want to do it and you know a
certain order and this might be a good
order and that's it there's nothing
crazy about that at all but they turned
it into that then dr. Phil was really
just guilty of the most universal bad
comparison though in the world of a
regular flu or other other problems that
are not viral to this one but and that
was just bad analysis but it's the same
bad analysis that's practically
universal so what which parts of these
were crazy these were three people who
had three opinions but none of is crazy
it's not even close to crazy so that's
all they got for that apparently Japan
is having a new surge in covet 19 cases
and I only point that out because people
had used them as an example of people
who got it under control easily and
therefore maybe it wasn't such a big
problem because hey look Japan took care
of it so easily well it turns out depend
did not take care of it so easily
because it's surging again we hope they
get that under control but we are we're
definitely learning stuff by watching
other countries and what they're doing
Huffington Post again not having enough
fodder to work with so you know they
need to criticize Trump and anybody on
your side so here's what they came up
with listen to how bad this headline is
all right so here's the headline for the
Huffington Post right-wing economist has
been accused of racism before if you
hear the if you see this headline that a
right-wing economist has been accused of
racism before what do you think of that
guy well you think he's definitely a
racist right you don't even have to read
the story you're like well if he's been
accused of races
before even if this one isn't true maybe
the other one is and maybe if the other
one wasn't true probably this one isn't
you know one of the odds that one person
would get accused of racism twice unless
there's something there you know a
little smoke there's fire
sort of thing so that's how the
Huffington Post
you know plays their slander they they
give you a headline where it leads you
to believe there's got to be something
here I mean there's there's some meat
here so let's dig into this right and
who was it was it Steve Morton The
Economist who there's a trump supporter
and this is why he's in trouble for so
remember the headline he's been accused
of racism before so that headline
suggests that this story is an
accusation of racism right because the
headline is he's been accused of racism
before how else can you interpret that
then this stories about his potentially
being racist right so let's take in what
was he doing that was so racist
this time that would remind you of that
last night right here's what he did he
was talking about the the social
distance protesters who were protesting
having to stay home in those states were
they don't think it's a bigger problem
and here's what he said I call these
people modern-day Rosa Parks they are
protesting against injustice and loss of
liberties Oh Stephen Moore sorry I had
his name wrong Stephen Moore and uh and
I don't know how to interpret that
sentence I call these people modern-day
Rosa Parks except as a very big
compliment
there was a Parks yes sir any other way
to interpret this other than a gigantic
compliment and respect respect and
admiration for Rosa Parks now in you
could certainly argue that it is silly
to compare these these protesters to
Rosa Parks
but if I told you let's say I said you
know so-and-so is the Michael Jordan of
I know being a senator if I said
somebody was the Michael Jordan of being
a senator would you say oh my god that's
the little racist no you would say the
whole reason you're using Michael Jordan
is because you know arguably is the
greatest of all time it is literally a
sign of admiration and respect for the
person used as the example the Michael
Jordan of you know being a dry cleaner
or whatever likewise if you're gonna use
somebody as your symbol of like the
ultimate respected you know credible
person that's really the opposite of
racism like that says that's as far as
you can get from being racist holding up
you know somebody who is like the you
know one of the greatest icons of the
african-american experience you know
somebody universally respected for being
the you know the the the unknown person
who changed the world how in the world
is this racist
it can't be further from racist it
literally can't be further it's just
mind-boggling but how many people read
the what the Huffington Post and read
that and go yeah yep it looks like he's
insulting Rosa Parks by comparing her to
people who showed up with ar-15s and in
this state oh my god what is wrong with
people I was looking for changing the
topic here I was looking for some
deadlines on the states you know I said
before early on when the whole topic of
closing stuff down came up I said that
the president needs to give us a date
because even if that day gets later
revised we're all more comfortable with
a date now he gave that
April 15 date then he had to revise it
and I think maybe that that felt like an
embarrassment or you know a mistake I
don't think it was I think it was
exactly the right thing to do even
though it got revised because remember
from the start I said you should have a
date even if you know you're gonna
revise it because the public needs to
needs to focus on something even if it's
changed and I'm uncomfortable having the
state's all make their decisions because
the longer the longer we go I mean they
obviously they have to be involved in
the decision but I'd like to to come up
with an opening time much sooner even if
it changes because having having a date
in your head makes it way easier to
manage your isolation you know imagine
being in isolation and not knowing when
it's going to end versus being in
isolation and knowing that in nine days
it's over those are not the same one of
them can make you crazy and the other is
like I'll just find some way to keep
busy for nine days and I'll be good it's
a completely different mindset and we're
experiencing as much as we're
experiencing a health crisis and
economic crisis it's a psychological
crisis too and the psychological part
you know informs the rest of it as well
so I think they get to psychology right
we need some kind of dates that we can
argue about plan for feel bad about you
know just interact with we just we just
need a little bit of solidness and dr.
Chris Murphy Murray who was one of the
modelers you know one of the big models
he was on he was CNN and he was talking
about generally what he thought for
reopening dates so he thought that maybe
a state like Hawaii that has the least
covet problem so far he was thinking
that maybe the first part of May like
May first or so they might start opening
up but that the worst-hit places the
hospital of June and he sees a lot of
other stuff
little you know mid to late Bay now
that's the first time I saw anybody give
an estimate who knew what they were
talking about and even though you could
say well those models are incorrect I
don't really care that the models are
incorrect I care that I had a estimated
time and so I could look at those times
it's like okay we're not I'm in
California so we're not as good as
Hawaii but we're not as bad as New York
so that would put us in that middle zone
you know mid May maybe but we're
California so maybe we'll be a little
more aggressive and staying close but it
looks to me like that at least bounds
that I'm feeling like mid to late May
would be a California time so that makes
me feel better and I wish that I wish
that the task force would do something
similar which is to say in public each
of your states will be different but
it's gonna be somewhere between May 1st
and we think June 15th you know if your
hot spot it's the latter if you're not
it's the former and everybody else is
gonna be somewhere in that middle ground
that would make a big difference to the
psychology here's an interesting factoid
Kim jong-un has not been seen in a week
oh and apparently there have been at
least a few events that he typically
would always be too because he has some
some kind of a traditional value in
North Korea something about his
relatives etc and so he's conspicuously
missing it's obvious it's obvious that
there's some kind of choice or inability
to be in public so the speculation is
anything from he's uh he was trying to
put some distance between himself and
the events because the events were about
his family and he wants to be his own
person well I doubt that I don't think
that explanation the other one was
they're just trying to keep him safe
because they don't want him around other
people because he might get kovat I
think that's possible
here's the other possibility Kim jong-un
is exactly
the kind of person who dies from
coronavirus am i right now you know I
want to say this as delicately as
possible but kim janggun does not look
like the the symbol of good health he's
got some issues I don't know what they
are might be diabetes but he's certainly
got some weight issues and lots of you
know rumors about other issues so at the
very least I think he smokes although
that may be good we don't know smoking
could be good or bad we'll have to wait
and see but if Kim Jung got coronavirus
I feel like he wouldn't make it
at least the odds wouldn't be that good
well I guess even let's say his age at
his age even if he's not super healthy I
think actually he would mostly survive
right
so in you know in theory you would you
would survive even if you got it but you
do wonder if there's anybody in his
circle or anywhere anybody anywhere
China let's say but I want to slip a
little coronavirus just
because my my assumption was that he
probably just never talks about it