I'm pimpin pimpin we're a little bit
early as some of you are noted because I
did I didn't want to miss this moment
we've all waited so long now like every
other moment we've had it's not really
going to be the moment because after
Bill Barre talks people are gonna say
but we want to see the report and then
you'll think oh the report once that's
out that's the moment and then when
that's out the Democrats will say we
want to see you what's read acted so
it's never gonna be over and the one
thing that we can guarantee as the
people are gonna hear two completely
different movies the one thing we
already know for sure is that nobody's
mind will be changed now does this seem
breathtaking to you that we've reached a
point in history where and remember I
I'm gonna remind you often that I
predicted we would be here at this point
in history in 2015 I told you that Trump
would change more than politics I said
it often and publicly and they said that
what he will change is our entire
understanding of reality now what I
meant by that was the old understanding
reality is that people are rational they
care about facts they use reason they
change their mind when the information
changes oh sure there are some people
who don't and oh sure there are some
people who are just advocates but for
the most part people are reasonable and
they look at data and stuff and I told
you that you were going to learn that
none of that was true that the most your
most basic assumption about reality was
false and today we're all waiting for
this bar report and what what do a
hundred percent of the citizens watching
this think every one of us thinks the
same thing it's not going to change
anybody's mind
we all understand now that information
doesn't change minds
think about that yeah pretty much
everybody accepts that as truth now
would you have accepted that to be true
in 2015 I don't think you want I really
don't think you would I think most
people would have said man when that
information comes out we'll have the
information then finally we'll all you
know not everybody but mostly the
country will will have a consensus
around whatever this information is you
know nothing like that's gonna happen
nothing even slightly like that's going
to happen the the needle will not move
and no matter what this report says no
matter what is this it won't move the
needle so to me that's the big story
it's not even the politics of it it's
it's how we've changed in our
understanding of reality if if I'd said
to you back in let's say 2014 we're
gonna have a president who the fact
checkers say is let's say departing from
factual record 8,000 times in a year
he'll tell 8 he'll say 8,000 things
they're just factually not true
according to the fact checkers and I DIF
I told you and at the same time
everything's gonna be great who told you
that both of those things would be true
I did I told you that that that Trump
would completely ignore the detailed
factual world in favor of more of a
directional truth directionally we
wanted better immigration directionally
you want a better economy directionally
you want to beat Isis you want you want
to have peace with North Korea so
directionally Trump was always spot-on
that's why he got elected and nobody and
absolutely nobody who who sue who has
been supporting him has changed their
mind because he didn't pass the fact
check 8,000 times it absolutely doesn't
make any difference and I told you that
would be the case all right
I don't have my sound on yet I've been
waiting for the visual bill bar to come
let's let's just take a minute to enjoy
the show
I mean this is really really good
reality TV one of the things that people
criticized Trump for is running the oh
the earpieces so I can listen to the
sound without it playing through your
audio oh here yes I'm gonna go silent
and I will hear it but you're gonna have
to have your own source on all right so
I'm going silent let's listen to Bill
bar damn Russians no cooperation or any
other American no coordination with the
troll farm legal theories non-corrupt
motives non-corrupt motives no
presidential read actions no executive
privilege let's see what the pundits say
I'm gonna switch to CNN because I
because I want to see I know that Fox
News is gonna say well I guess
everything's good no problem but CNN is
no doubt gonna say my god justice has
been perverted
Jake Tapper giving them a clean clean
bill of health all right so I turned off
my source for a moment I'll just give
you some of my comments any of you were
still listening so the most interesting
part is that the Mullen report
apparently reports on what the
president's sincere state of mind was in
regards to whether he was obstructing or
not now a lot of people are gonna say
wait a minute how could anybody Muller
or anybody else know what the
president's sincere state of mind was
how could that possibly be known we're
not mind reader's but it turns out we
don't have to read minds and watch for
nobody to say what I'm gonna say right
now the president was the only person in
the world who knew he was innocent let
me say that again cuz you probably won't
hear anybody else say this president
Trump was the only person in the entire
world
he was the only person who knew for sure
that he was innocent
nobody else knew that so when we look at
his state of mind we say well we can't
read his mind yes we can what do
innocent people think about their own
guilt innocent people think they're
innocent so you don't have to wonder
what he was thinking there's never been
anybody who ever thought they were
innocent who thought they were guilty
this is probably even the history of the
world has never happened so if you look
at the president through your own filter
and say well if he didn't know there was
some collusion then maybe he shouldn't
have acted that way because until we
find out if there's collusion but that's
not his state of mind and his State of
Mind was he knew he had not colluded he
wasn't guessing he is the only one who
knew and so when he was trying to you
know maybe put a little pressure on the
investigation to wrap up or to go easy
on Flynn or anything else he was
operating from a point of knowledge the
only person the only person in the world
who actually knew for sure
what the reality was nobody else knew so
we'll see if if the news and the pundits
grabs the grapple with the fact that the
president is the only person who wasn't
guessing if he was obstructing with
justice because he knew there was no
justice there to obstruct he just wanted
to get past it which he would of course
do if he were innocent
so that's the fascinating I I've never
heard that State of Mind was so
important for whether or not you you
violated the law so I guess I don't know
the legal theory behind when you look at
their state of mind and when you don't
now interestingly bill Barr did not
mention anything negative about the
president I'm not sure that that was his
job to do so because he dealt with the
charges that were the central to the
report so it probably makes sense the
bill Barr did not bother to mention
anything that was sort of a a side
finding not relative to the main point
one of the one of the most interesting
things was one of the reporters asked
bill Barr you know could he defend
essentially paraphrasing here could he
defend himself against the charge that
he was bending over backwards to protect
the president
and you know what he missed one of the
greatest moments you'll ever have
because if I'm bill bar and somebody in
the media says you know it seems that
you're bending over backwards to protect
the president do you know what the right
answer is I would bend over backwards to
protect any American citizen I would
bend over backwards to protect any
American citizen
that's my frickin job his job his job
bill bars job is to protect Americans
period that's you know there's details
to his job but that's basically his job
the president is not above the law but
he's damn sure not below the law all
right the president is not above the law
but don't make the mistake of thinking
he's below the law and we pay bill bar
bill bar is there to protect innocent
people all right if he's not if he's not
giving his full effort to protect the
President as a citizen of the country
dobar is not doing his job so whether he
was talking about the President or
anybody else
Democrats doesn't matter who if they are
American citizens and build bars and
that job damn well right he's protecting
he should be protecting as hard as he
possibly could
that's what I saw I saw bill Barr
protecting the president and you damn
well believe that if you were in that
position as just a citizen not the
President of the United States you want
bill Barr protecting you to his that's
his job his job is to protect innocent
people all right although the press
won't see it that way so I had he not
bent over backwards on the presumption
of innocence I would have had a real
problem with that and it wouldn't matter
it wouldn't matter who he was talking
about any citizen were the President or
a Democrat that would have been the same
you better bend over backwards to
protect innocent Americans you better so
I guess there's enough on that all right
I'm gonna go watch the news because I
don't think we want to even think about
or talk about anything else I'm gonna go
watch the I'll probably spend more time
watching see it CNN today than the Fox
News which is reverse my normal pattern
but I just have to see what the CNN
pundits can manufacture out of nothing
now I think they're still going to be
obsessing over you know Don juniors
meeting you know why wasn't that
mentioned etc but I think that all gets
probably that probably gets the state of
mind as well he needed to use the word
innocence you know the the justice
system does not find people innocence
innocence
not correct me if I'm wrong but I don't
think innocent is a word that the legal
system uses because they can't prove you
didn't do something they can only
attempt to prove you did and in failing
than that they can say no crime was
sound that's as far as they can or
should go they can't prove you didn't do
something because you know who knows
they can't prove that Trump didn't have
some secret conversation with some
Russians somewhere and nobody knows
about it
he can't prove nothing happened you can
only prove that there's no evidence of a
crime that's as far as you can go tell
us what you think about the Trump tweet
let's see what that Trump tweet is I
assume it's a brand new one let's see
it's gonna be a good one so Trump just
tweeted a game of Thrones meme no
collusion no obstructions for the hip
for the haters of the radical left
Democrats game over in the game of
Thrones kind of fund best show ever I
love the fact also that Trump before the
bill bar thing Trump says Attorney
General bars press conference today
watch it on Fox News and OAM and two
ends so he's actually telling you which
networks to watchdog the president's the
president is making TV recommendations
now I could not love this more there was
a time when most of you probably thought
hey this president is acting too much
like it's a game show what he's turning
the government into a reality TV show he
can't do that and what did I tell you
from day one he can do that and it will
be an improvement in every way he did do
it he did turn the government into a
reality TV show
and it improved the government in my
opinion because he could no talk
directly to the people you know he just
tweets to us tells us what to think
tells us what to watch we watch we play
along it's interactive
we've the the public has never been more
engaged in every political topic this
president because of his reality-show
approach to government which is
brilliant he understands the show the
way it the way I'd like to summarize
that whole thing is that President Trump
does and always has he understands the
show people think in stories people
think in in visuals they they want to
show they need the show he brings the
show nobody ever thought of that before
oddly enough he's the first one to think
of it or at least the first one to
execute it this well so he brings the
show and all of us are so much more
educated on every topic I mean I can
tell you you know kim jungeun you know i
know that he was testing something that
might have been anti-aircraft or rocket
launchers or something i mean you know
we don't know the details so I don't
know the details but I think about how
much you learned about your government
and about the policies of about the
challenges you've learned a lot no it's
never been anything like this we've
learned the legal system we've learned
what what collusion the obstructive
obstruction of justice we've learned
stuff about immigration we never knew
we've learned you know we don't know
enough about health care that's still a
big black hole but CBS is still talking
you're Pietschmann somebody says all
right I don't want to miss the reactions
to this I'm missing it on CNN all right
so I'm gonna I'm gonna go watch CNN and
gets more reactions I'll probably come
back to you later today and I'll talk to
you later