good morning everybody and welcome to
another highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
today wow what a show I have to you
possibly the best you've ever seen it's
got a theme it's got interesting little
stories it's got Mysteries stay with us
it's going to be good and all you need
to take this up to a level that nobody
can even understand with their human
brain is a cup or mug or glass a tanker
chs's TI a canteen jug or flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like a coffee and join me now
for the unparallel pleasure the dope
amedia of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go will the show have a happy
ending surprisingly yes uh you might
have to help a little bit at home but
I'll I'll get you there
oh yeah if I don't get you to the edge
today I'm not even
trying all right uh first story is that
uh penis uh I'm sorry um Las Vegas will
be hosting a giant
penis now I didn't have time to look
into this story and my my French is a
little bit Rusty but there's something
called the Grand Prix which I assume is
Pricks so some kind of giant penis
related event in Las Vegas I I didn't
have time to look into the details but
we'll get back to
that here's a flashback to
1989 one of my first dillbert
comics and in 1989 and it's important
that you remember the date because
that's the that's the payoff for the
story in
1989 I wrote a comic in which dogbert
says to Dilbert that dogbert has
invented a generic newspaper
and he reads Dilbert reads the headlines
from the generic newspaper in
1989 right again it's all about the date
and here were the headlines in the
generic newspaper from
1989 Pope denounces violence home prices
rise unrest in the Middle
East how would I
do does does that sound like the
headlines today for dog BT's perpetual
Eric
newspaper pretty close wasn't
it yeah 33 years ago lucky guess all
right so you'll never need another
newspaper because basically newspapers
were done in 1989 but nobody's noticed
yet
um I didn't mention this story yesterday
because I didn't know if it would last
an hour but apparently it still seems to
be true this s Snoop Dog is giving up
weed is that true now if you're
concerned about the um the GDP of the
nation because I'm pretty sure St Snoop
Dog was was in our you know gross
domestic product numbers because you
know you bought a lot of weed is what
I'm saying now I've agreed to pick up
the
slack um but we'll see how that goes so
somebody had to do it I was like hm I
don't know if I can keep the economy
afloat all by myself but I'm going to
try I'm going to do what I can
do um Starship launched today and I
guess the the real test of this one was
cuz the first one didn't didn't do as
well as it could but they knew that the
first few launches would be sketchy so
the this one uh the it's a two stage
rocket and the goal was get to get the
second stage the one on top to release
and go on its merry way now ideally the
bottom stage would be reusable and would
come back splash down and they could
reuse it but the they had to blow it up
so the the recovery of the the main big
stage that gets it in the air that
didn't work but boy did it make a nice
explosion nice explosion but um it was
actually a really good successful test
because they got the uh the second part
of it into into orbit so that's a really
big success could have been better could
have been a success of both stages but
but getting the uh getting the
engineering right for the second stage
to release and work is a big big deal
and I have to say I don't know if
anybody watched it but it's really
really
inspirational to just watch and see that
Americans can still do stuff
because you worry that we've lost our
ability to to do anything big doesn't it
feel like everything big happened in the
past you know like Hoover Dam I don't
know if we could we even build a Hoover
Dam today I'm not even sure we could you
know it could be like the pyramids like
why why can't we build a pyramid today I
mean if we were to use their tools of
yesterday so so it is inspirational that
there are people doing things
good so how did the the news cover
that uh huge a huge
inspirational success to humankind how
did the Wall Street Journal cover it
here's the Wall Street Journal headline
spacex's second Starship test flight
ends in another
explosion okay that's that's probably
exactly what I just said right where it
was a great inspirational victory for
humankind one of the greatest
technological accom lishments in the
history of humanity or as a Wall Street
Journal likes to say uh the second
Starship flight ends in another
explosion yeah they do say it made it
made it further than previous test
flight so you know it did achieve
separation before losing contact with a
spaceship
yeah so yeah that's what they
say
um so in the last 24 hours uh the
following groups have stopped
advertising on the xplatform accusing
them of or accusing musk specifically um
and the platform of pairing their ads
with uh I guess nazil like
content now I've never seen that have
any of you ever seen any of these ads
paired with nazil like
content I've never seen
it to me to me the there are ads and
then there's good content and and
horrible content but I've never really
like I've never even taken note of where
anything is placed is that even a real
issue is are there people in the world
today who don't understand that the
algorithm is not pairing anything it's
just sort of blindly saying oh this
would be a good place for an ad it's not
like it's not like anybody planned it
and so it shouldn't mean anything to
anybody it should be just a coincidence
of placement but Media Matters I guess
they've got some people looking into it
and they and they alone imagine that
they see this pattern and they have
pressured companies like apple Disney
Paramount Lion's gate IBM Comcast NBC
Universal and whoever the European
commission is to say that they would
stop advertising on X that's
right now what do you think really going
on here all right I have the following
hypothesis it's the dumbest
thing I've ever seen a bunch of CEOs do
I'll tell you why but I think the CEO is
already left for
vacation what I think is that the Dei
groups in each of these companies made
noise and whoever was sitting in for the
CEO didn't want to overrule the Dei
group is the Dei group is the ones
looking for equity and inclusion and
stuff and that they had to bow to them
CU they didn't want to fight with their
own Dei group because then they would be
accused of being
racists so if you're not if you're not
the CEO you can't really even have a
chance of overruling your own Dei group
so I have a hypothesis that the CEOs
were
unavailable and that maybe some
underlings made the
decisions I've got a feeling that Apple
will reverse their decision when Tim
Cook gets back from from vacation if
he's on vacation I'm just I'm just
speculating here and here's
why how long did it take for somebody to
say so uh you're still okay with Tick
Tock and Osama Bin Laden being promoted
on that platform because that's what was
happening the the Osama Bin Laden you
know Manifesto was wildly being promoted
and also at the same time the uh
anti-israel some would say
anti-semitic phase was going wild on Tik
Tock while not happening on
X do do you think that apple is fine
with promoting Osama Bin Laden and fine
with supporting Hamas by advertising on
Tik Tok but they had a real problem
because some ads were coincidentally and
or um based on the algorithm and
nobody's decision put some ads next to
some bad content of which everybody
understands all social media has good
and bad content and sprinkled
in these are not similar
problems if you're still advertising on
you know China's main vehicle of
destroying the United States you do not
have a moral leg to stand
on on top of that I'd like to rub it a
little bit more so first of all they're
huge Hypocrites they have no moral
standing what whatever as long as
they're also advertising on Tik Tok
everybody agree with that point you
could not be on Tik Tok and argue that X
is the one that's bad if you're being a
serious person there's no serious person
who could make that argument so do you
think that Tim Cook wants to be
embarrassed by the stupidity of this
because one thing that apple is famous
for and you know it's one of the
greatest country companies of all time
right they're famous for not being
stupid
it's it's probably one of the the
greatest qualities is not being stupid
this was stupid it's
hypocritical and I'm going to I'm going
to pile on a little
harder the following companies are
almost certainly racist to the
Bone I'll tell you why let me name them
again Apple Disney Paramount Lionsgate
IBM Comcast NBC Universal and the
European commission let me ask you this
do you think that they hire straight
white men based on their
qualifications or do they discriminate
against St white men because they're all
trying really hard to build their
diversity of course they're racists
these are the most racist companies in
the United States and they do it overtly
they do it right in front of you and
then they brag about it they have
departments whose job it is to
discriminate against people like
me these companies
these companies are trash they are
morally bankrupt they are garbage people
well the leadership is garbage because
they're they're allowing massive
overt racial sexual discrimination and
then pretending they're the good guys
you're not the good guys you never were
the good guys you're the absolute bad
guys you're using probably slave labor
in China you're supporting Tik Tock the
the device that'll destroy America and
the children are cutting their balls off
because of it and then you went after X
the last remaining place you can get
free speech in
America this is evil at a level that is
almost hard it's almost hard to hold in
your head overt racists getting rid of
free speech and supporting the platform
that will brainwash our our citizenry
for gener
Generations the the level of evil here
is almost
incalculable and they're doing this
right in public right in front of you it
it's it's an amazing level of evil now I
should I should tell you I sold my stock
in Apple a few months ago because I
thought AI was going to put too much
pressure on their business model it
could be that Apple will be the the big
star of AI they'll do it right they'll
make sure you know the guard rails are
there so there's more chance I think
there's a greater chance that Apple will
be a big success with AI but it does it
it took them out of a monopoly mode
which is why I invested because if you
have an Apple product it just makes so
much more sense that the next thing you
buy is also an Apple product because
they work together you know if you got a
laptop that's Apple you kind of want a
smartphone right because they're too
much too many ways they
integrate so once they became less of a
obvious Monopoly which is what I liked
about them as an investor and they
became more of a free-for-all because of
AI then I said H that's not the reason I
invented I invested by the way that's a
Warren Buffett investment rule so Warren
Buffett would say don't sell your stock
until the reason you bought it in the
first place changes so don't you know
don't sell it based on little
fluctuations if you bought it because
they have a good long-term future hold
on to it until that changes and that
changed so in in my case the reason I
bought it changed they lost their they
lost their guaranteed Monopoly and now
it's a maybe we'll
see yeah worst groups in the world so I
think the Dei groups are probably
pushing this because the bosses are on
vacation so we'll see if any reverse it
well Elon mus said that uh he's going to
go after uh he said well he said exactly
this the Split Second Court opens on
Monday excorp will be filing a
thermonuclear lawsuit against Media
Matters so they're the ones who created
all the trouble and got these companies
to bend and all of and all he puts all
in in capitals and all those who
colluded in this fraudulent attack on
our company and then just in case just
in case you weren't sure that he really
meant thermonuclear he follows it up
with their board their donors their
network of dark money all of
them oh
yes oh I'm here for this oh I'm here for
this Elon Musk literally is the last
protection of free speech and he's
certainly proving it again he's putting
his money and his and his freedom
basically I mean he's going against a
system that will try to jail him you
know that right they will try to jail
him if not kill him because he is their
biggest risk because he controls he
controls the ability for people to see
past the brainwashing and that there's
no way the
system with its current bosses can
survive that they cannot survive
anything like free speech and Free Press
so he is a he is a
risk um making things more
interesting uh it's groups like The ADL
that come the the let's say the uh shock
troops for groups like Media Matters to
get these organizations fired up so that
they can go after acts but Ben Shapiro
is H defending Elon musk's criticism of
the
ADL and the progressive Jewish
organizations whose policies have
resulted in you know blah blah blah
um so I think that's important so uh I
certainly am on the same side with Ben
chapiro and Elon Musk that the ADL
certainly started with a noble Mission
and I believe they had some important
accomplishments in their past but at the
moment they've just been uh reborn I
guess maybe they morphed into a Democrat
Hammer to hammer on Republicans I'm sure
they also do good things but they the
amount of evil that they're doing in the
world I think outweighs it at the moment
you know even if the good things are
really good their amount of evils is
surpassed it now they're just an evil
organization and certainly not credible
in any in any serious
way all right well here's the theme I'm
going to introduce you're already seeing
a little bit of it but I saw in a tweet
by The Daily Loud I don't know who they
are but uh that recognizing fake n news
is now a required subject in California
schools so according to this California
schools will be teaching students how to
recognize fake
news uh do you see any problem with
that does that uh raise any
flags do you think that the California
uh system will teach them that the
biggest source of systemic racism is the
teachers union do you want to take a
back that's true right the teachers
union is a malign Force that's
destroying the
country and some of the news says so and
then some of the news says that they're
you know protecting teachers and they're
great so which which one of these will
be taught to the students as the truth
and which one will be the fake
news you you see the problem there there
isn't the slightest chance that they're
going to tell students what's real they
are literally going to teach them to
believe CU there's no other way
this can go there there isn't any
feasible imaginary hypothetical other
way it could go They're not going to
teach them that everything they learn in
the news is fake and it is they're not
going to teach them that because the
whole system depends on them believing
the news and the and the News being the
brainwashing Force you know that gets
the people in charge to get what they
want
so when I talk about the rest of the
stories today the the question you
should ask yourself and I'll remind you
is what version of this story would the
students learn is
real and it's going to be really
complicated would they learn that this
launch today was a success or a
failure if you're watching the xplatform
it was a big success because the second
stage worked if you read the headline On
The Wall Street Journal who I'm starting
to suspect is doing the bidding of roer
murder
who might not want to be competing with
Elon Musk if you know what I mean
because the xplatform is a direct risk
to all of rert Murdoch's traditional
news his traditional news is competing
with X now and then
suddenly uh rert Murdoch's you know main
news organ I think it's the main one for
the United States The Wall Street
Journal is feels like a little bit of a
they got a little attitude about Elon
Musk now do you think that's an
accident well you know I'm not going to
say that you that I'm not going to say
that the murdocks gave any direct orders
to the Wall Street Journal but it
doesn't need to work that way because if
you work for a boss you know what the
boss wants you know it's good for your
company you don't have to be told so it
looks to me that the Wall Street Journal
is starting to get a little bit of an
anti-
Elon Edge to them we'll see if that
plays
out um did you did you know that uh
somebody said that the schools uh watch
10 to 20 minutes of
CNN uh so that the kids can catch up on
the news do you think that their course
on what is fake news will tell them that
they are intentionally fed propaganda 10
to 20 minutes a day and that they
shouldn't believe
it do you think that's part of the
course or do they say here's the real
news make sure you don't watch that Fox
News stuff just take a guess which do
you think is more likely what they're
being taught you don't even have to
wonder this is news you don't have to
research you know exactly what's going
on
here all right what about those
tunnels um would the children learn that
the tunnels exist under the hospital in
Gaza because you know the IDF the
Israelis the Israeli military has
surrounded the whole compound it's this
enormous compound it's not just one
building it's a big compound and I saw
stories yesterday from doctors who said
they have found no tunnels or signs of
Hamas and that just sort of sat there
like it was true and then the IDF um
shows you today video and pictures of
the actual tunnels they found and big
weapons caches you know big supplies of
weapons and stuff so which is true is it
true that these are actual pictures of
the tunnels and that they are at the
hospital compound like the IDF says or
is it true that the doctor who works at
the hospital says I'm I'm here like I'm
right here there's no tunnels which one
is
true I don't know I know now I'm
inclined to think that the tunnels are
real but if you believe anything in the
context of the fog of War you should not
that would be a mistake it might you
know one of these versions will be true
in the end we'll know for sure well we
hope we'll know we think we'll know that
they were either there or not
there I think they'll be there but which
version which version of the kids
learning are the kids learning that
Israel was right and there are tunnels
there and so it made sense that there
was some risk to the civilian population
because you had to get to those tunnels
or were they taught that they killed a
bunch of people in a hospital and there
was no reason for it
wh which version are the California
school kids being
taught Eric Eric yells in all capitals
Eric says this is in all capitals Scott
must be a big fan of Ben
Shapiro now what's the point of
that I I am literally a big fan of Ben
Shapiro like why did you need to yell
that to everybody in all caps is that
some anti-semitic thing like what what
would the other point of that be can you
give me any other reason you would need
to shout that so everybody would hear
that I'm a big fan of Ben Shapiro which
is literally
true which doesn't mean I agree with him
on everything I'm just a big fan of his
intellect and his
approach
interesting all right well that
certainly raises some questions doesn't
it well a Court ruled um that you can
read Trump's mind and that the judge
specific Al can read his mind and here
are some of the things the judge found
in Trump's
mind
um uh the court concluded that
uh that um he engaged in Insurrection as
judge Wallace said and she cited his
history of courting extremists and
endorsing political and
violence um so he she says he has a
history of courting extremist and
political violence so somehow somehow
that would tell you what he was thinking
on January 6 because in the past he said
things about other things that tells you
what he was thinking about this
completely different thing on that day
um she said that Trump is consistently
endorsed violence and intimidation as
not only legitimate means of political
expression
really well when did he endorse violence
as political expression are you are you
talking about the two time he said in
his
rallies that uh he liked it when the
protesters got roughed
up is that it was there more than that
was that the entire argument for how
he's endorsed political violence did she
leave out the part about protest
peacefully I don't know
um she says despite these warnings Trump
undertook no effort to prepare law
enforcement
I thought the the facts were otherwise I
thought there were efforts to get more
law enforcement and and it didn't
happen do they have different facts than
we have you know maybe my facts are
wrong but I thought that he did in fact
try and he was turned down is that not a
fact I guess I'm questioning whether
whether I know the right fact there
um she said uh uh that he intended to
direct the crowd to protest and he
didn't tell law
enforcement is that illegal is it
illegal to tell people to protest
legally and and
peacefully I'm pretty sure it's
completely legal to not tell anybody
that you're encouraging people to
protest peacefully and maybe he didn't
even know he was going to do it he may
have he may have just sort of decided on
the
spot
um the court concluded that Trump acted
with a specific intent to incite
political
violence for the purpose of disrupting
the Electoral
certification intent so what is another
word for
intent intent is something that's in
your mind it's a quality of mind right
your intention and how do they know his
intention she could read his mind based
on things he did that were sort of off
the topic so by looking looking at
things on other
topics she determined what he thought on
this
topic that happened in
America in
2023 a judge in
public read his
mind they read his mind now apparently
she also said that um he could still run
for office because there's some question
about whether a president
is is under the standard so my
understanding is that she said yes he
definitely was in his mind in his mind
she literally ruled that his mind was
saying something different than his
words so here's somebody whose word says
go go
peacefully but in his mind he was
thinking differently so that therefore
it was an
Insurrection now let me go back to my
theme so what version of this will be
taught to the California school children
will the California children learn that
our courts are honest and credible and
they don't have any kind of political
balance you know bias and that Trump is
an insurrectionist and everybody can
tell and it's obvious is that what
they'll be told is that
history no to me it looks like a lie it
looks like the courts are completely
non-credible it looks like corruption at
the highest level so will the California
school children be taught to spot that
the trial itself was fake news and that
it was a corrupt process and and from
the beginning it was always obvious it
was a corrupt process will they be
taught that no they'll be taught that uh
orange man bad I
assume all right here's another one
we'll ask uh oh and then there's also a
video so the news speaker of the house
has released this video that or or all
the videos so you can see all the people
sauntering around and when you see the
videos of the people sauntering and fist
bumping with
security literally fist bumping shaking
hands patting on the back they were just
hanging out and you say to yourself what
exactly what kind of
instructions did the security have
didn't you ever wonder that were they
instructed to put down their life to
protect the politicians who might have
been
inside or were they told to stand down
or were they not told anything and so
they acted on their own well I don't
know the answer the question but there
is a new video
today uh in which you can listen to one
of the uh security people as as the
crowds were outside and the security
could tell that they were totally un
underand they didn't have the resources
to protect the building one of one of
the people said the security people uh
actually Metro Police so it was a metro
police guy on video saying that they had
been set up and that he believed that
they had intentionally been under
underresourced
set up meaning that they were set up to
fail meaning that somebody above them
had done an an obvious job of making
sure that they didn't have the resources
to let people in or to stop people from
getting in and then you know what he
said and then he
said I'm paraphrasing fim let him take
over the
place that's what he said out loud to
the other people let the protesters take
over the place because we don't have the
resources we've been set up now when you
watch when you watch the security people
on the inside who could have very easily
just stood in front of a hallway three
of them and said hey hey people cuz
remember the protesters who were inside
were literally just sauntering they
weren't yelling they weren't brandishing
any weapons they were actually just
walking slowly in One Direction now if
the if the security wanted to stop them
three of them could have there were lots
of them we saw from the video they could
have stood in the hallway way and they
could said hey guys you know this is as
far as you go we can't let you go any
further you know if you went any further
we'd have to get violent we don't want
to do that let's keep it peacefully so
just just stay where you are but they
didn't do that they actually stood aside
to get out of the
way talk to them fist bump them a
completely casual
situation to me that looked like a
security force that believed they had
been set up and decided to do something
about it which is Step
Aside now the ones on the outside of
course were in the middle of the fight
and they were just fighting for their
lives so there was a whole different
thing going on in the outside they were
really fighting to prevent people to get
in but the ones the ones who could sort
of see the situation from a distance
because they weren't in the middle of an
actual
fight said something's wrong here it's
obvious we've been set up and it seemed
to be that at least one person
was saying out loud we should just let
him
in so I don't know what's
true but now let me ask you this
question which version of this will be
taught to the California school children
and which will be told as fake news will
they be taught that an Insurrection
happened that Republicans tried to take
over the country without weapons and and
will they be told that delaying a
process just to make sure the process
was right is the same as stopping a
process will they be taught that the
process was stopped or that they were
trying to stop it so that that Trump
could take over as a dictator will will
they tell the children that Don Jr was
not aware of any plan to be a dictator
or take over are they going to tell him
that Trump's own son you know his
closest presumably closest political
adviser was completely unaware because
we know that from his conver Sation at
the moment we saw them in writing he
wasn't part of it so they're actually
going to learn that there was an
Insurrection and as Clos as advisor
didn't know anything about it probably
they'll probably learn
that well there's another story that's a
good news bad news uh good news is young
people are dying uh from cancer at a
much lower rate so apparently there's
been tremendous progress in getting uh
cancer treatments and cures for young
people it's you know it's a continuous
downward slope very very successful and
what was the uh takeaway from that um
well there was some you know the good
news of course was mentioned uh now that
doesn't mean that the cancer rates are
different uh just the solutions to them
are better um but here's one of the
takeaways uh the difference in cancer
death rates among white Black and
Hispanic children was not statistically
different all right so there wasn't much
uh difference in the death rate between
2001 and and
2011 but after 2011 the rates of cancer
survival began to stagnate among Black
and Hispanic children while they
continued to fall 12% among white
children so white children were getting
more of these great cures than Black and
Hispanic children so that will probably
be taught to California school children
as uh uh another example of Science and
medical science being racist and healthc
Care being
racist and can you think of any other
explanation for why the Black and
Hispanic children would do worse than
the white children in Cancer Treatments
can you think of any other reason
besides
racism could it be
income could it be
income and and where's the context about
the poor po white children were were all
the poor white children doing great but
the the equally poor Black and Hispanic
children they were doing poorly because
that would be um that would be pretty
pretty solid evidence of discrimination
and you would be really concerned about
that or you should be but what if the
poor white children were also doing
poorly and
the and it basically was just poverty
which version is
true I'm going to assume it's
poverty I see somebody saying vitamin D
but no that's um do the triage here
right I worked in a laboratory I'll help
you out in a laboratory you have to
narrow down what the possible problems
are you know using your logic your
eliminating things when I told you that
the rates were the same between 2001 and
2011 so all the races were the same
between those years but then later it
changed is that because you think
vitamin D went down for just black andan
Hispanic children and only in the Years
between 2011 and 2021 is that your
vitamin D
Theory no vitamin D is eliminated
because the setup is that the only the
only thing that changed was time as far
as we can
tell so but I don't know but I I would
certainly be concerned that this is
racism but it's far it seems far more
likely it's incom
related all
right
um so the uh the prosecutors are asking
a Fulton County Judge to schedule Trump
for August 5th which would be just a few
months before the general
election so Trump will have a major
trial beginning 3 months before election
is that exactly what you
expected anybody who was paying
attention of course because the the
election is going to have as their main
um the main theme that Trump is a
dangerous dictator who would not leave
office and if he's in office again he'll
never leave so they're going to have
they're going to make sure that they've
got this trial going on that that keeps
you know uh boosting that uh that
narrative now that's one way it could go
do you know it's another way it could
go third act baby it's the perfect
timing for his third act and what I mean
by Third Act is that something coming
out about the election Integrity in
general it might not even be about Fon
County it might be about some other
place but if
election fraud is proven anywhere in a
Battleground State during the time he's
being charged for claiming there was a
fraud that's your third
act that is
that's a landslide territory right there
that would be the greatest comeback in
American history it would be like
nothing we've ever seen and if there's
anything you know about the Trump story
is that he's clearly an author in this
simulation he seems to be able to make
things happen that just can't happen and
he does it consistently so it feels
like he's just willing into existence
the third act where suddenly you
realized that he'd been you know the
victim of all this and not the
perpetrator so it's looking so much like
the simulation is going to serve this
up now just just to be specific in my
prediction because if it doesn't happen
people are going to say Scott you
predicted it it's only a it's it's more
like a a warning than a prediction it
could definitely not happen so if you if
you heard me say it's definitely going
to happen no no it's it's not definitely
going to happen I'm just saying that all
the signals are starting to
form and and I mention it because it's
fun right not because it's the most
likely outcome but because it's fun to
watch if this movie format just keeps
happening so it it's more like testing
here's what it is it's more like testing
the ability to predict than it is like
an actual prediction like when I
predicted that Trump would win in 2016
that was an actual prediction this is
more like testing the prediction so keep
it keep that uh
context all right
um so this is the weirdest story uh you
remember when uh what's his name uh
representative ber
burat claimed that ex- speaker
McCarthy had elbow blowed him hard in
the kidneys when he walked by in a
crowded
hallway and that burette like chased
after him and like it almost got
physical but then when McCarthy was
asked he's like what that never happened
that's crazy
talk so you think to yourself what
really did happen like it is it is it
actual possible that McCarthy actually
gave a hard elbow in the kidney to
actually hurt him while he was on
camera and and my my first instinct was
I don't know like maybe he didn't try
hard enough to not walk into him but it
seems seems unlikely that he would just
like elbow him hard while the GU is on
camera that seems like the least likely
thing that would ever happen but then
today representative Adam kiner uh
accused Kevin McCarthy of quote shoulder
checking him twice in the capital
you have you have two not Anonymous
witnesses to three separate
claims three separate claims with two
two people who tell you their identity
in
public now if they were Anonymous claims
you should just ignore
it if it were a claim from one
person whichever one it was you should
probably say maybe you know the best I
could give that is it maybe but now you
have claims from people on two different
sides two different
sides right and and they both have
essentially the same
story what do you think how many of you
think McCarthy is
actually physically bullying
people in the
capital I actually don't know I I'm
going to say this was one is so weird I
just don't know maybe I'm going to give
it a solid
maybe but I still would lean toward he's
he's simply not trying hard enough to
not walk into him which might be it
might look the same right I I feel like
I feel like he doesn't want to do maybe
he doesn't want to look like he moved
because they were in the way maybe he
wants to make it look like you know
they're the ones who moved because he's
in the way I don't know it's just
impossible to figure this one
out all right
uh uh is in my imagination or are the
Skeptics on climate
alarm winning is it just that that's
what I'm seeing it seems to me that the
Skeptics have the upper hand now and
part of it is because we have 40 Years
of climate history and 40 Years of their
predictions being wrong am I right about
that would you would you agree that
climate predictions have been wrong for
40 years in a
row now it depends who you ask some
people would say oh look at my other
data and it's totally right now I'm not
talking about the temperature part
because the climate alarmist would say
look at this temperature it proves it's
going
up but they also said it would go up and
might it would melt the Arctic ice gaps
it would you know there'd be less ice
and I was seeing some claims today and I
don't know what's true but claims by
Skeptics saying here's a picture of the
Ice same as
always is that true I don't know I know
and then there are lots of pictures of
uh
Shoreline where they can show that for
example on the um Statue of
Liberty the the the water Line's the
same you know for like 80 years or
whatever
so and then how about hurricanes we're
we're expecting the makeig Hurricanes
right but not really any change so you
got 40 Years of uh Calamity predictions
that have been
wrong how many years do you have to go
with wrong predictions before people go
okay well maybe maybe not is 40 years
enough how about 50 60 like what would
what would you take 100 100 years of
being wrong at what point do you start
doubting the scientist 100
years now they do say the temperature is
going up but I don't believe anybody can
measure the temperature of Earth over
time I don't think that's a real thing
anybody who tells you can they can
measure the average temperature of the
earth I mean that's ridiculous on the
surface if you've live if you've lived
and worked in the real world you you
know they can't do that
that's Way Beyond what a humans could do
it's not even
close anyway
um so yes Steve Malloy who's always fun
uh I don't know when he's right and when
he's not right but he's got lots of
skepticism about uh climate stuff and he
pointed out that the telegraph
publication has a a story that says the
the climate models might be wrong
because it turns out scientists have
found out that plants absorb more CO2
than they
thought come
on yeah at some point you just have to
you just have to admit that this is
mostly
fraud that the whole climate thing is
mostly fraud now it could be that people
believe it as well but the way the
information is trickling out to the
public it just has fraud written all
over it which is not to say the the
Earth isn't getting warmer it might be
but the but the claims are so absurdly
ridiculous that uh you know it it's
probably exactly what it looks
like uh
this all right so again I ask you are
the California students learning that
climate change is real and the Skeptics
are all
crazy probably probably do you think
that they're going to learn that the
models had to be adjusted because they
got wrong how much plants absorb which
you would imagine would be really basic
stuff to this whole
idea right
um yeah so they'll certainly learn the
wrong story about the
climate all right uh well your favorite
celebrity Rob
Riner uh is producing a 10-part series
on who killed Jake AFK and has new
evidence of who really killed him huh
now this comes out not too long after
Oliver Stone updated his documentary on
the same topic and Oliver Stone seemed
to conclude that the CIA was behind it
and RFK JR says he thinks the CIA was
behind it now if you were the
CIA what would you do about
that well if it were me
I would find a producer that I
controlled and I'd have him produce a
series that says no totally not the
CIA in fact I might even have him blame
Russia uh Mike Ben said uh to you give
you two guesses who he's going to blame
now we haven't seen it yet but if he
blames Russia that would be hilarious
because it would be such a tell that the
whole thing's fake
now here's the thing I keep keep uh
teaching you we need what we need is for
every story in the news that the people
who are the subject of that news you
automatically see who they're connected
to in the real world who did they used
to work for you know who else in the
story that's important did they were
they married to who's their spouse you
know what what organizations do they
belong to CU that will tell you what's
real is like what they're their human
connections are did you know for example
that Rob Riner uh runs an organization
that includes heads of the
CIA like some some xeds of the CIA I
think Clapper and Brennon are in it or
something
but Rob Riner is connected to the
CIA now he's probably not in the payroll
but he's working with him like in a
public way you can actually find the
documents that he directs a group that
includes ex-members of the the
CIA Mike Ben found that by the
way
so if uh you're a California school kid
are you going to learn that Rob Riner is
right and uh somebody besides the CIA
was behind it because by the way I'm
pretty certain that he's not going to
say the CIA did it do you do you feel
that that's a good prediction that he's
not going to say the CIA did
it yeah I don't think so so what version
will California school children learn
will they learn that uh Oliver Stone is
big fake news guy and that RFK Jr just
makes stuff up or are they going to
learn that uh that the CIA killed JFK
what do you
think well good luck figuring out what's
real
kids well the economy IST which is
allegedly a publication um they had a
big headline in which the title was
Donald Trump poses the biggest danger to
the world in
2024 do you think that the California
school children will learn that it was
all a hoax that Trump was dangerous or
will they be taught that he is the
biggest danger to the world in 2024
because if they write a paper on it and
they Google it that's what they'll find
out they will be told he's the biggest
threat in the world
now I uh I recommend
again that here's what you don't want to
do let let me model the worst things you
can do Donald Trump you're dangerous no
I'm not you're
dangerous does that work no I'm not
you're dangerous other things are
dangerous no no that's how about this
one um Elon Musk you're anti-Semitic
no I'm not I don't have an anti-semitic
bat in my
body did that
work it's a straight denial it's as
clear as you could possibly say
it nope no those are two bad ways to
handle this situation let me do musk
first Elon Musk you're
anti-semitic correct
answer I love the Jewish
people I'm Pro I'm pro-jewish people
absolutely 100%
Pro but you don't expect me to agree
with them every time do
you that is the correct answer the
correct answer the wrong answer is I'm
not anti-semitic because it's too weak
the correct answer is that you love the
group you're being told you don't like
if it's true you don't say if it's a lie
if it's if it's a lie people will sniff
it out immediately now the ADL the ADL
accused me of being
anti-semitic that's a real thing that
happened this year they accused me of
being anti-semitic what's my answer I
love Israel I'm pro- Israel 100% And I
love Jews love them a lot a lot of my
best
friends that's the correct answer the
correct answer is that you love them if
you do which is actually true in my case
now that doesn't mean I don't love
people of different religions and
anything else nobody asked if you ask I
might love them too I'm depending who
you're talking
about all right and the right answer for
Trump is not no I'm not the dangerous
one you're the dangerous one nobody buys
that the correct one the correct
response is to
marcket say well I know you've been told
that uh people that Republicans try to
take over countries without bringing the
guns is that what you think just make
the
reporter um try to describe their actual
belief and then mock it as it happens so
that's what you believe you believe that
the most Pro Second Amendment of people
in the world would all spontaneously
leave their guns home and then they
would say oh but but but we found some
guns nearby oh did you were they all
going to share those guns or were those
that handful of guns that were staged
somewhere in cars or buried somewhere
what was that going to take over the
nuclear power can you explain how that
would work and then when they say but
but you tried to stop this government
process you say and then what was going
to happen you can you explain to me what
you think was going to happen because a
bureaucratic process got delayed for a
day well is that how you take over the
country by delaying a bureaucratic
process for one day is that is that what
you're telling me ask ask your question
clearly I want to understand your
question tell me the background of your
question do you believe that's possible
I wouldn't even answer the question I
would force them to explain why that
question makes sense and mock them the
entire time I would I would have a smile
on my face and say you realize you sound
like a idiot right I might even
say the f word because it would be more
news that way you you sound like a
 idiot like you think the country
can be taken over by people
saering explain yourself how how the
hell does that question even make sense
and then just laugh in their faces now
that is persuasion and and totally
appropriate that would not be unethical
weily that is the correct
straightforward way to handle it is like
you've got to be joking this is just
ridiculous right so treat it as the
ridiculous joke it is
I don't like the uh I don't like it when
Trump mocks the
windmills because he does it in a way
that makes it too easy for his critics
to think he really believes the TV will
go off when the windmill starts stops
turning I promise you he understands
what batteries are I promise you he
understands your TV doesn't go off it's
just funny but that's not the funny I'm
talking about cuz that funny uh sets him
up as a guy who doesn't know how
anything Works cuz that's what they're
they're primed to believe he doesn't
understand it they they actually think
well here's how he should handle the
drinking bleach hes instead of saying
you know it was whatever he said it was
sarcasm or something he should
say let me ask you the question
CNN do you think that the president of
the United States no matter who it was
would recommend drinking
disinfectant even even as a speculation
do you believe that actually
happened you know that you know at the
time there was an actual technology
called light therapy that was being
tried at that time and it was being
tweeted around the internet and a lot of
lot of my followers were aware that
inserting light into a
trachea really you could call it
injecting but inserting it um and then
lighting up the trachea
was being tested by a company called
healite if you think of making it up you
could check their article in the Wall
Street Journal in which they wrote an
article based on the story about what
you're reporting they said yes this is
us it's in the Wall Street Journal you
can just check for yourself the company
I was talking about but I couldn't think
of their name at the time so honestly I
did just want to make it go away so I
said it was sarcasm but it was a real
thing I just want didn't want to defend
it CU I didn't have enough enough
information at the time but I but I want
you to answer my question did you think
seriously that the president of the
United States was recommending drinking
bleach look me in the eye and tell me
you thought that was true I mean
seriously look me in the eye and tell me
that you believed the president of the
United States recommended drinking
bleach I just want to see if you can do
it with a stray face that's what I would
do I I would put them completely on the
spot for why they believe such ridicul
ulous
 how about the find people
hoax I would bring that up every time I
could and I would have the transcript in
my pocket I would say you said that I
didn't that that I called the neocons or
the the neonazis fine people you
actually reported that did you ever
correct that well no it's true it's true
really because I've got a copy of the
transcript here let me read it to you
and then he reads the transcript
that's the way I'd handle it and then I
would then I put all the pressure on
them to explain why they believe this
was ever true why did you ever believe
this was true did you spend even a
minute looking at the transcript it's
right
here and then here's here's the killer
did you ever check to see if there were
any me members who
attended who uh supported keeping the
statues but also disavowed the racists
like I did did you
check cuz the answer is no the most
important fact were there in fact any
quote fine people As Trump would Define
people like himself people who don't
have a racial intention about the
statues they just think that
historically they they have their place
nobody checked don't you think he should
mock them for not checking he shouldn't
just point it out he should rub it in
their faces here here here did
you check the most you telling me that
the most important fact of the story of
whether or not a group of people
attended that I said probably attended
you didn't check that the most important
fact and then they would say but Mr
President if they were marching they'
not find people and then Trump said okay
is your reporting that the only people
there were either marching or antifa was
that you reporting you didn't even check
to see if there was another population
of people who were
attending such as
um I think there were Catholic priests
does your reporting say that Catholic
priests were
there because they were not marching and
they're not antifa but they were
there right so why didn't you report
that now they were they were against the
uh the racists but they were there so
where where is you reporting on the
actual facts of who was
there yeah I would go right after him
that the fact that Trump is given them a
pass for getting those two stories wrong
and defining his presidency huge mistake
I I think I think Trump completely
blew uh his opportunities you know who
would not make those
mistakes v
ramaswami v would have chewed that up
spit it down the stupid bird mouthe and
then shut their mouths and made them
swallow
it there's no way he would have brushed
that off he would have used it as the
weapon it is I mean they're basically
handing you an Axe and say kill me with
this axe will you and trumps like oh it
was sarcasm he throws the axe away no if
they hand you an axe to kill
them you know uh metaphorically use it
they handed it right to
you
um I'm saying Scott V doesn't know VI
doesn't know all the hoaxes you've seen
him fumble them well maybe he need some
help on that but um s
seriously he would be the one who could
turn it into the joke it is all
right
um again I love this story because of
the uh the third act potential for Trump
and also the the cons iracy theory of it
all right so the following story I do
not assert to be true and meaningful I
don't know it's just really fun to hear
it and this is again from the rasmuson
account they're doing they're doing the
most aggressive following up of all the
voter irregularity stories around the
country of which there are a lot you
just don't hear about them because the
regular news doesn't cover
them but here's what uh rbon said on
March 1st 2020 and the date is important
do you know what was happening around
March 1st
2020 that that's when we were first
learning about the uh the pandemic so we
didn't quite know what it was yet right
so in March 1st 2020 a multi-million
dollar order is quietly placed for
Unique Machinery designed solely for the
mass production of unsolicited mail
ballots an election voting process that
is illegal in most States on that day so
on the day the equipment was ordered it
was illegal to use it but it almost
immediately became
legal uh at least that year it became
legal because of the pandemic so before
the pandemic was really even getting
going somebody seemed to
know that they would need to print a lot
of
ballots before the first uh before even
the first shutdown
now yeah it doesn't say who ordered it
is this the state or some kind of
federal agency so there there's no
details so I would not assume it's
true just assume it's part of the story
is that fair I I do not assert this to
be true or if it's true I don't assert
that there's no innocent explanation for
it it's just one of those interesting
little conspiracy theory flags that
makes your make your eyebrow go up and
say h yeah who who ordered it who's the
company where is it where was it used
all those questions are the right
questions I don't know the answers
any all
right
um surprise pandemic all right did I
talk about Sam
mman did I did I get all the way to the
end without talking about Sam mman yet
oh okay biggest story of the day so Sam
mman uh president of the or was of open
AI of open AI um was fired by the board
and we don't know why well and also one
board member was asked or one other
executive was asked to step down I guess
the CEO and rather than steep down he
quit so two of the most important
players quit
well one was fired and one one Ste down
had to step down and quit
now there's much speculation about why
so the first speculation was wait is
this some kind of me too thing I think
you could eliminate the me too thing
because there are two people involved
that are not you know rumored to be with
each other right so it would be too much
of a coincidence if it's a me to thing
so that that doesn't fit so it's
probably not that secondly
neither of the people who who left know
why so Sam mman says privately he
doesn't know
why now that's what he says that's not
necessarily true he might have a strong
suspicion that he doesn't want to put
out there yet I would imagine he'd have
a
suspicion so do you think that neither
of the two people who had to leave
actually know the reason they were asked
to leave does that does that even sound
a little bit likely
here's what I
think um I saw a theory by I want to
give credit to my
theorist
um oh wish I had wrote written down who
it
was but um somebody had the idea that
there was a philosophical
difference meaning that the reason that
the there's not a specific trigger is
that there wasn't a specific
trigger that would make
sense uh there was there was what
so so there probably there probably
wasn't a specific
trigger uh as opposed to a number of
smaller triggers related to possibly a
philosophical difference so one of the
one of the beliefs was that the
philosophical difference might be this
is just speculation that internally
they've developed a a much smarter
version of AI and there was some
discussion about going slow or just
putting it out there and there might
have been it could be that Sam Alman
might have been more about putting it
out there and the remaining board
members might be more about it's too
dangerous better put some guard rails on
it first that's just speculation but um
does it does it fit all the facts
Cara swish
reported um can you give me that again
somebody I'm saying that Caris swish is
reporting so they might know more about
it by
now I'll just wait for the com the
comment to pull
up we might actually know by now let's
see there's a little delay on the uh on
the
comments
[Music]
um couldn't be
achieved see Mike Ben's the
philosophical Sam wanted faster
development on the board did not oh well
so there is some reporting that my
speculation is correct that there was a
difference about how going how how fast
they go now that makes the most sense
doesn't it that it's the one thing that
fits all the the facts but would also
leave the two people who were involved
not entirely sure what's going on so I'm
sure this Sam Alman has a
suspicion that it's about a
philosophical difference probably but he
but since they didn't say it directly it
would be inappropriate for him to read
their minds and assume that's what they
were thinking because maybe there was
something else maybe maybe there
was well Elon already tweeted that he
has job openings uh at X
aai
so uh what do you think's going to
happen
now do you think the company will go on
and be successful or do you think uh
Elon Musk will hire both of them which
would actually be kind of a good play
hire both of them and uh and just lap um
open AI because it
open AI will go slower if uh the grock
which is the AI of musks if he decides
to go faster I don't know that he would
because he also likes slowing down I
don't know could be interesting we'll
see where they end
up certainly their their value is in the
the billions at this point because their
specific
experience all right
um I doubt that they're that close to
AGI you know the the level of
intelligence that goes beyond what the
large language models can do I don't
think I don't think it's possible
actually but you know this is the phase
of Technology where idiots like me say I
don't think it's possible and then you
know somebody's already done it so I'm
completely aware that me thinking it's
not possible doesn't mean it's not
possible right I I get I get that my
thinking it's
impossible could be wrong easily could
be wrong but I'm going to I'm going to
stay with my
prediction that we can't get an
AI that is consistently way smarter than
the best human in the same
domain that it it won't be able to go
beyond that you know a little bit in a
few areas and it'll make a story and
it'll be an exception but more generally
of all the domain of Human Experience
it won't go beyond it now part of it is
there there's two parts to this one is I
don't believe it can gather much
Intelligence on its own I just don't
think it's going to think its way to be
smarter but also I think that humans
will not believe it if it becomes
accurate and we'd have to shut it down
so imagine an AI that could actually
tell you which news was real and what
was fake
have I made my whole argument there's no
way the government would allow any kind
of a tool that would call out the
government's
propaganda there is no way that ex that
cannot exist they would shut down that
company right away and they would say
can't talk about the news because the
news has to stay in our propaganda
bubble and you can never break our
propaganda bubble because the whole
country depends on it and they would
make a strong argument that you can't
have have an objective referee to news
because the fake news is what keeps the
country together because it kind of
does the fake news is bad but it also
keeps the country together because we
have a we have a common fake news belief
about the amazingness of
America
right the I don't know if you saw the
some of the tick tock people who were uh
listening to the Osama bin or watching
the AMA Bin Laden Manifesto and they all
seemed to say the same thing and it was
some version of wait a minute I'm
starting to think America wasn't the
good
guys have you seen any of the videos
they all say the same thing it's like uh
it looks like America actually did some
really bad things which is different
than justifying a terrorist
attack but
so what
happened what happened when lots of
American Youth learned on Tik Tock that
maybe
America wasn't as virtuous as they
thought it got taken off the
platform right you know the China was
blamed and maybe rightly but maybe
wrongly maybe rightly don't
know
and but but I'll tell you what did
happen as soon as our youth got a a
sniff of the
truth they closed that shed down right
away the truth is history is complicated
and there's no there are no angels on
either side there's just your side and
the other side if you're looking for the
angel side you're not going to find it
can you find one side that does things
your side would never do yeah yeah your
side might not do uh Hamas likee terror
attack yes that's true there's a
difference and there's a moral
difference and it's much worse the
terror attack but your side's not all
angels and watching young people learn
that maybe they' been lied to up to that
point because I don't think they were
saying they thought the terror attack at
911 was a good idea I think they said
we'd never seen the context
before
so I think the I think that the Osama
Bin Laden situation on Tik Tok is the
clearest example you get of why AGI can
never be legal because AGI would have
told you that story am I wrong if you
had a completely objective Ai and said
explain this whole 911
situation it would give you the context
if it were not trying to give you
propaganda it would say well there were
a series of Grievances and and they
couldn't figure out any other way to
handle the
Grievances and so they did the worst
possible thing a terror
attack uh to make sure you understood
their
grievances now again that wouldn't be
saying anybody's good or bad it would
just be describing it do you think that
would be legal not a chance that can
never be legal in any democracy or
anywhere else because it would ruin the
government's
narrative
um all
right Henry crew says Scott used to be
able to take both sides not so much
anymore I'm literally you idiot
to showing you both sides of an issue
literally doiing it right in
front of you Scott doesn't know how to
show both siid of an
issue like I really wonder if you're
just drunk
Henry Cruz he's one of the regular
trolls over
here it sounds drunk it does sound
drunk all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I got for you on YouTube I
remind you that for all the lonely
people I will be having a Thanksgiving
Day Live stream which you can watch me
cook uh the first hour will be
familyfriendly in case you got any
family around who watching so I'll just
be cooking in my kitchen uh after that I
might go um you know man cave only so
we'll see how it goes but uh first hour
open to everybody join me for
Thanksgiving it'll just be me and you
and uh you will not be so lonely and
I'll talk to you on YouTube tomorrow
thanks for joining except for you had
recru