hey come on in here everybody it's time
it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams best part of the day I think so
yeah I think so there was a little bit
of question whether it was the best part
of the day or really just top two top
three but I think I think we have our
answer day after day best part of the
day and all you need
to hold on let me put on my microphone
this will be
better something tells me you weren't
hearing me as well as you should
have how about now yeah better better
isn't it yeah you thought this couldn't
get better and it just
did surprise yeah and all you need to do
all you need to do to take this to the
next
level and see if you can find yourself a
cuper Mugger a glass of tanker chel or
sign a cantey juger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better and I'm going to ask
you to savor it yeah savor it
Go o yeah yeah savor it savor it okay
good well so today later today I will be
appearing on
MSNBC you're not going to want to miss
that I don't know what kind of questions
they're going to ask me I'll be on Ary
Mur show at uh the they give a start
time that's usually well in front of the
time I'm actually on camera but
uh 6:00 p.m. eastern time 300 p.m. at
California time and uh they'll be
talking to me so we'll see how that
goes you know I think I told you I I uh
started saying no to all uh interview
requests recently so I don't have I
don't think I have anything else on my
calendar uh but when this one came in I
thought to myself well this one's going
to be too much fun I'm going to have to
take this
one
um it has been brought to my attention
that there's a very interesting piece of
content on uh on HBO called The
Vow it's a multiart uh documentary about
a cult it's called it's called a cult
called uh
anx or something NX I VM I don't know
how you pronounce it next NEX
of but uh I started watching it and I
think I'm halfway through but uh I can
already tell you you've got to watch
this thing so I will be talking about it
in the context of persuasion because the
cult has some interesting techniques and
it is really good documentary because
the access they have where actually
things are on film or on audio it's
pretty remarkable and if you really want
to
understand uh how
influenceable or how persuadable people
are or what they are willing to believe
you got to watch this thing because if
you think people are gullible or people
can be uh fooled you you haven't seen
anything and I'll talk about the
technique after I give you time to watch
it so allegedly today there's a big
announcement from Apple about their 5G
phone and most of you are saying to
yourself well that's nice a 5G phone
it'll be a little bit faster than a 4G
phone aren't we glad that each of our
phones are a little bit better than the
last one but I think you'd be missing
the big story on this one if you didn't
notice stocks were uh solidly up
yesterday and at least part of the
reason is probably apple and part of the
reason is when 5G becomes common now
you've got you've got a little bit of a
pipeline problem uh or a capacity
problem so I don't know if your 5G phone
is going to give you 5G speed right away
every place you would use it but
probably you know it'll probably start
out pretty good and here's the thing you
need to know about
speed speed doesn't just help you do
what you were going to do anyway but
make it fast faster this kind of speed
will change what you do you'll be able
to do things that you couldn't do before
uh I don't know if that means Holograms
or 3D or virtual reality worlds probably
all of that uh I don't know if it means
um just completely changing how you
commute we almost can't see the ways
this see the ways this will change
things let me give you my example
if you have a uh uh let's say a car that
can go 5 miles an
hour you can use it to Tool around
locally but you're not going to take it
very far but if you have a car that can
go 100 miles an hour and it can you know
dry for hours and hours then it's a
whole different application it's not
something you use around town it's
something you can take a long trip with
so this 5G stuff is way bigger than you
think it is and it'll take a while for
all the all the reasons that that's true
to seep into your Consciousness this is
gigantic um so I tried watching the
Supreme Court nominee hearings for
ACB uh Amy con Barrett
and I thought the whole thing was so
worthless I couldn't really watch it is
anybody trying to watch that thing I
feel sorry for the uh the News Network
that are covering it CU they kind of
have to cover it it's big news but
there's literally nothing happening
because apparently the Democrats don't
want to go too hard at uh the nominee
because it might
backfire but on the other hand they have
to act like they're putting up a fight
or they have to use their time to
complain about the president or or
Obamacare so it turned into nothing but
a
theater it we took this important
government
process and just turned it into you know
Kabuki theater or something it doesn't
have any
functional purpose at all and and yet
we're going to still do it that's the
weird thing about people I suppose as
the dilber cartoonist I'm glad it
happens but people will do things they
know don't make sense just because of
inertia or the way things are so that's
what we're saying I I would say that's
worth about zero minutes of your time to
watch those hearings because you know
where that's going to go um are you
disappointed with the Republican uh and
Trump plans on healthc
care I feel as if Trump has a far better
um at least opportunity to sell his
health care preferred you know method if
he would package it up better but the
way it's being framed right now is that
there's this thing called the ACA or
Obamacare and that Trump wants to kill
it and that's the frame he wants to kill
it and he doesn't have anything that has
a name on it that's sort of packaged as
it's replacement so if you're a senior
citizen or you're just somebody who
thinks you're at risk of losing your
health care what are you going to think
about this situation you're going to say
to yourself uh I kind of know what
Obamacare is cuz I think I have it and
the Republicans are offering freaking
nothing now that's not true they are
actually offering a bunch of stuff but
they haven't packaged it in any way so
when you think about it you don't think
of it as anything you say well I'm glad
that you know maybe there's something
about drug prices going down and you
know I'm happy that maybe the Mandate
won't be there and I might be happy
about you know Tella tella Health being
you know allowed over State boundaries
Etc so if you thought about it there'd
be a whole bunch of individual things
that you liked but they don't feel like
a replacement for ObamaCare it just
feels like you're losing something and
have I told you before that the threat
of losing something always feels more
oppressive than the opportunity to get
something so the way human psychology
works is that we're way more concerned
about losing something we already have
than we are excited about getting a new
thing and that's very important to know
about people so right now what uh what
the uh Trump Administration is offering
is
less how would you have how would you
like to have less stuff now would
they're not that is not an accurate
description of what they're offering but
it feels like it and they've sort of
allowed that frame to to take form that
there is this Health Care thing yeah
it's not perfect but even that's going
to go away that doesn't describe what
would happen but that's the frame that
has taken
form and I think the Republicans have to
answer for that I would go so far as to
say that if if uh if Trump loses and
let's say the Republicans lose the
Senate as well and if it turns out that
the reason that that happened was people
were concerned about health care and
they didn't think the Republicans had
enough of a plan I would say they earned
the loss I would say the Republicans
deserve to lose under those conditions
now I don't want that I don't want that
to happen I would hope that they would
do a little better job in the next next
few weeks of saying what they would do
versus the ACA but at the moment
they have framed it in a way they
deserve to lose honestly because healthc
care is uh kind of what's left now if
they did lose because of that the irony
would be that Trump would have succeeded
so well that he succeeded him himself
out of a job meaning that the only thing
left to talk about was the thing he
didn't make enough of a you know an
impact on because we wouldn't be talking
about Isis cuz he took care of it we're
not going to be talking about the NAFTA
cuz he renegotiated it we're not going
to be talking about North Korea because
they seem to be sort of not a problem at
the moment we're not going to be talking
about uh renegotiating with China
because that will be already underway
we're not going to be talking so much
about the you know even the Border
because the Border looks like it became
somewhat less of a problem because
immigration slowed down I believe
because of Corona virus so the so the
president by doing a good job has
reduced the number of topics we care
about and even the economy is recovering
well people would say well I think it's
on the right path that probably do okay
under a different Administration so he
really has narrowed the targets down to
the one thing that he's not strong on
which is Healthcare he kind of needs to
fix that and pretty quickly I would
think um and as I say he there's plenty
to talk about and here's what here's
what I think the Republicans have done
wrong from the start and I've said this
the Democrats have a better goal but the
Republicans have a better system now I
favor systems over goals so therefore I
favor the Republican approach but they
haven't uh but they haven't framed it
right they haven't packaged it right and
here's how I would package it I would
accept the democrat's goal and I would
say yeah even as a republican it is our
absolute goal that everybody will have
health care Affordable Health Care we'll
just get there in a different way and
what we would hope is that we would take
it from whatever it is now I don't know
12% 8 % what how many people don't have
health care at the moment and I would
say okay it's it's at this number
whatever it is around 10% uh by the end
of my fourth year I would like that to
get that down to
2% if you heard something like that you
might say to yourself okay they got a
system they've got a goal that I agree
with and Bernie's got you know if you
look at sort of the Bernie type plans
that Biden might do or come Cala Harris
might do it looks more like it's harder
to get there it's it's like they don't
have a plan to get there that makes
sense math wise so I think so I think
that's where the Republicans could go
um I've suggested on Twitter that Trump
should run an ad saying that he's the uh
only candidate for president who's
immune to the Corona virus now of course
there is a debate as to whether uh as to
whether Trump has any immunity or if he
has
immunity is it short term some say four
months some say longer and I don't know
that it matters because it would be so
hilarious if he started tweeting that
he's the only candidate who is immune to
the Corona virus that the Press would go
nuts because they'd be no no that is not
scientifically valid and
the uh
uh wish you could shop for doctors by
procedure yeah that's a good comment
um anyway so it would be funny if he did
that I don't think he will uh a troll
came after me today on Twitter and said
he can't wait to see how unhappy I am
and you know what will I do if Trump
were to lose the election and and I
replied back to the effect I don't think
you know me very well I would get over
that in about 10
minutes I don't have a I don't have a
long recovery time from Bad News you
know some some bad news you have to work
on you know causes you work to get out
of the hole you ended up in but I always
spend a lot of time Fring about the past
and the past happens immediately right
you know if it turned out and I'm still
predicting that Trump will win but if it
turned out that he didn't I'm pretty
sure I would get over that in about 10
minutes that's just me you might have a
different
experience um Biden apparently has
revealed a little bit about his court
packing ways and by the way is it just
me or does Court packing sound vaguely
like an
insult you freaking Court
Packer doesn't it just have the right
consonant and S sounds to sound like an
insult you freaking Court Packer you
damn Court Packer you well it sounds
like an
insult and and here's what Biden said uh
to give us another hint what he's
thinking about he said quote I'm not a
fan of Court packing but I don't want to
get off on that whole issue Biden told
CNN CNN affiliate I want to keep focused
the president the president would love
nothing better than to fight about
whether or not I would in fact pack the
court or not pack the
court is is he the dumbest guy you've
ever met in your life now I think he
might have been smart at one point in
his
life uh yeah no fair with the uh
comments I'm saying there let's let's
let's uh let's not make it uh let's not
make it gay jokes okay the court Packer
by by itself sounds like an insult you
don't have to bring it into another
domain
um so here he is saying he's not a fan
of Court
packing he's very cleverly or stupidly I
haven't decided which it might actually
be brilliant because we might have
reached a point where people are so
irrational about everything that Biden
can actually just say something that he
knows will be taken two different ways
by two different groups so he can say
something that will make Republicans
sound comfortable because he says I'm
not a fan of Court packing so if you're
a republican you hear that say not a fan
of Court
packing okay okay he's obviously not a
guy who's going to do core packing so I
guess I feel comfortable about that so
the Republicans have something they can
you know hold on to Meanwhile the the
progressives who would like some cor
packing they listen to the second part
of it he goes you I just don't want to
get off on that whole issue so uh uh I
don't want him to fight about whether I
would or would not pack the court so
he's still leaving it open leaving it
open but here's the real question why
are you asking Joe Biden about coure
packing the only one that matters yeah
I'm seeing in the comments your way
ahead of me does it does Camala Harris
like Court packing because something
like greater than half of Voters
including the people voting for who
would vote for Biden even most of them
believe he won't make it four
years so you're not really talking about
Biden's opinion you're talking about
Biden's opinion for a
while plus kamala's kamla's opinion for
whatever time is remaining or even the
second term if if she were the one to
run for the term after that
so uh shouldn't we be really pushing on
that you know I think we've heard
everything we need to from Joe Biden but
we kind of need to hear from the
VP nominee and if we don't hear from
that you have to assume that she's in
favor of it or at least that there's
some chance she's in favor of
it uh which
uh which should change people
Minds all right there's a CDC study uh
this will be a good indication of how
useless data is CDC studies shows that
85% of covid cases were people who often
or always wear masks so what what's that
tell you number one is from the CDC so
you can trust that right no not anymore
unfortunately we we've had a bad
experience with experts recently
so there's there's no such thing as a a
credible source of data anymore there
there are still organizations that are
sort of credible but not when they give
you data it doesn't matter who it is
anybody giving you data in 2020 is
probably lying to you or
incorrect uh and when I say probably I
mean nine and a 10
times so would you conclude that if 85%
% of people who get
Co wore their masks what's the obvious
implication all right draw a conclusion
85% of them wore masks and got it anyway
therefore go
therefore masks don't work right it's
good evidence it comes from the
CDC so that's reliable right and 85% of
the people with masks got it anyway so I
guess those masks don't work is that
what you have
concluded well if you're bad at
analyzing data you concluded that if
you're good at analyzing data you might
say something like uh Julia Pollock
tweeted who is an economist what if I
told you about
economists economists are trained at
understanding whether the right things
have been compared and knowing and
knowing whether a rational comparison
has been made and she points out the
following two problems number one um
it's people who claim to have worn
masks people lie people lie about how
often they wear masks especially if
they're being asked by somebody you know
would judge you if a stranger calls you
and says do you wear your mask often
even people who don't wear masks often
or don't think they wear them that often
are going to be tempted to to say oh
yeah yeah I totally wear my mask pretty
much all the time even if they don't
that's one problem I think that's the
smaller one and then the other problem
is that that they're not accounting for
the differences in risk and
exposure
exactly who wears a mask in the first
place somebody who needs
to do do people get Corona virus if
there are people who are not around any
virus the people who don't wear masks
are far more likely to be the people who
who rightly uh judge that they're not at
much risk because they're maybe you know
not spending time around crowds maybe
they live in a town that has almost or
no Corona virus risk you know maybe
they're maybe they're young you know so
they're not bothering but um correlation
on this is probably backwards
uh it's probably backwards now you can't
tell but you have to allow this great
possibility that the reason people wear
masks in certain situations and they're
less likely to wear masks in other is
because they know where the virus is at
least statistically and so they wear the
masks if they're in a place where
there's a lot of virus now where are you
likely to get a virus probably in a
place with a lot of viruses
uh I I used to joke where I lived a few
a few homes ago whenever I looked
outside and I saw somebody going for a
run they would almost always be
overweight and I would say to myself
that's weird does running make you fat
because all the people I see running
look like they're trying to lose weight
so running must make you
fat and then I of and of course that's a
joke the correlation is back Wards the
people who thought they needed to lose a
few pounds went
running so I I think that might be
what's happening with this mask thing is
that uh it's it's useless data in any
case
um California has an interesting
situation apparently some GOP entity has
put up a ballot collection boxes of
their
own you didn't see that coming did you
so there are these officiall looking
ballot collection boxes that are not
trying to look like government entities
so they're not pretending they're the
post office it's just it's obviously a
private GOP thing and you can just throw
your uh throw your ballot in there do
you trust that would you trust a private
ballot collection box that's not a
government
mailbox if you trust that you're really
gullible now I'm not going to say that
the people who put them up there have
bad intentions don't know I'm just
saying that I wouldn't put my ballot in
a private ballot collection
box and if you're if you're dumb enough
to do that you shouldn't be
[Laughter]
voting you're you're not smart enough to
vote if you put your if you put your Val
you know Bob's collection
box you're saying to yourself
well it looks like they spelled all the
words right on the collection box looks
good enough to
me what could go
wrong and and so the government of
California has declared that these
things are illegal but here's the funny
part how can it be illegal to have a box
with some words on
it can't it couldn't possibly be illegal
because it's not pretending to do
anything to be anything other than what
it is it would certainly be illegal if
it were pretending to be the US Postal
Service right that would be
illegal it would be illegal if they were
you know claiming to be something they
weren't but it's claiming to be exactly
what it is a convenient way
to have your ballot uh get picked up now
I certainly wouldn't trust
it but how is it
illegal let me ask you this if I took a
box you know just a box I could carry
and I knocked on your door and I said
hey you know I'm I'm picking up some
ballots and I can save you a trip to the
mailbox if you like you can throw your
ballot in my box that's in my hand and
I'll carry it over to the mailbox for
you I'll carry it to the post office
would that be illegal well it depends on
your state right if you live in a state
where uh ballot harvesting is illegal
yes doesn't matter if you have a
separate box doesn't matter if you knock
on the door if your state says you can't
bring somebody else's ballots in it's
illegal but in California apparently
that's not illegal it's not illegal to
knock on the door and say can I take
your ballot so the state of California
is trying to claim that these little
boxes that do the same thing is knocking
on the door it's just a little bit more
efficient why knock on the door if
you're not ready you know wait till
you're ready you just put it in the box
and the the thing that's hilarious about
this is that I'm pretty sure democr
Democrats thought they had the advantage
with this ballot harvesting stuff and
then the Republicans do what Republicans
do what is it the Republicans do that's
better than what uh Democrats do
consistently they come up with better
systems if you're going to if you're
going to build something or manage
something call a republican Republicans
are pretty good on systems they're
pretty good at setting up a you know a
mechanism you know figuring out how to
make something work that's what they do
right it's what they do
Democrats their system looks a little
bit like a chop or Chaz right looks a
little bit more chaotic so you don't
want to trust the Democrats to set up a
system uh so they set up they set up
this thing and the very first thing that
happens is the the Republicans in
California come up with a superior
system and they get these boxes built
and distributed all over and now they
have now the government's going to have
to fight with what it means to be a to
to be harvesting ballots and as far as I
know they're going to have a hard time
declaring these things illegal because I
don't think there's any law that says
you can't have an accurately labeled box
sitting in on your on your lawn if it's
accurately labeled it's
accurate um so anyway that's
hilarious on a completely different
topic uh I follow a Twitter account by
the name of somebody named Brian Rome r
o m m l e if you want to look for it
definitely worth following he has lots
of uh new technologies and you know
what's what's coming next kind of tweets
and one of them just just will blow your
head off apparently now our hologram
technology is so good
that there's this device from let's see
called uh uh Port L hologram so you can
follow them at at Port p o TL hologram
all one word port L hologram and you can
see that they have this thing that's uh
phone booth sized in which inside the
little phone booth sized hologram
generator there is a full-sized human
being who looks exactly like somebody
you're standing in front of and and you
know they're walking and talking and
they they could be a deep fake or that
or it could be a projection of somebody
who's standing somewhere else and
they're just being projected as a
hologram
and uh it looks pretty amazing looks
pretty amazing somebody says you just
looked and it looks terrible you you
must be looking at something different
than what I'm looking at but it is it
will be difficult to explain how
powerful this is and let me tell you a
little story from my experience to give
you a
sense uh yeah my cat boo is doing a walk
by I told you this a while ago um
Microsoft has uh a version of their uh
uh what do you call enhanced reality
where it it places objects in the room
with you but you can't see them unless
you're wearing the special goggles now
if you're wearing the special goggles
you know you have a a cool experience
and here's the experience I had when I
tried them out in my home I saw a demo
version before they were available I put
on the on the goggles in my own home
this is the key part my own
home and I put them on and I turned on a
u a I think it was a a
mystery game so it was like a murder
mystery game where there would be
characters that would interact in your
space and there would be this murder
mystery and you'd have to figure it out
I guess and I put the glasses on and I
see it map the room it it puts a a layer
of uh like wireframe you could see the
wireframe going over your furniture and
stuff in your room and you think whoa
that's cool it just mapped my whole room
but here's the freaky part it didn't
just map the space in your room it knew
what the things were it knew what a
chair was
was uh my cat's going to do another
walkr if you see a tail go by and and
then it introduced characters into my
living room and they walked into my
living room from a doorway from another
room that it just happened to know as a
doorway because it mapped it those
full-sized characters walked in front of
me and sat down on my couch the couch
was L-shaped some of them sat in one L
and some of them sat on the other part
of the L and they set something on my
coffee table and it blew my freaking
brain
out now these particular uh um enhanced
reality creatures uh did not look like
realistic people in other words they you
could see through them a little bit so
you could tell that they were sort of
shadow people but they were good
representations of people now when you
take that over to the uh the Hologram
World Imagine now the glasses are off
imagine doing this same experiment but
no glasses it's your own room and maybe
you've replaced the light bulbs with
this technology I doubt that's possible
but imagine it wouldn't be too hard to
just put some sensors and lights in any
room so your room could produce a
photorealistic hologram that could
interact with your room it could walk
around it could walk around until you
see this you don't know what's coming
trust me there's some stuff coming that
is bigger than anything you could ever
imagine and if you're worried about
everything that's been invented already
been invented
nope nope there's stuff coming that
hasn't been invented I mean it has been
but it hasn't been commercialized so
you've got some fun stuff coming some
really fun stuff and I'm sure you're
already thinking about the
applications all right uh and I've said
in a related matter I've said this
before but it's worth
reiterating then no matter who wins in
2020 the
presidency I believe Trump will be our
last human
president the last human president what
I mean is that AI will effectively be
making our decisions there will still be
a person who gets elected but they won't
have the flexibility that past
presidents had to use their judgment and
their Instinct and their hunches and
whatever and make decisions that are
real leadership decisions rather in the
future the algorithms will decide what
things we see and then we'll decide that
those are the most important things and
if those are the most important things
and we could tell you know who favors
which part of the policy for those most
important things
the leaders are just going to have to
follow it now you say to me Scott Scott
Scott the algorithms are not AI the
algorithms are just some math and
they're made by people it's the people
that decide what the algorithm does and
then the algorithm does things but it's
all people the the algorithm is just a
little tool it's no different than
scissors and a computer it's not
important it's just the
tool is that what's happening
I I think that's where we differ let me
give you an example uh this week I was
complaining that uh YouTube had had
demonetized one of my videos earlier in
the week and there was no reason given
so I complained about it on Twitter and
to YouTube's credit they noticed I was
complaining on Twitter and they
contacted me on Twitter and said which
you know which video was it we'll do a
manual review so
and they said you know it's not obvious
what's wrong with it you know they
couldn't just look at it and oh it's
obvious what you did wrong they said
we're going to have to manually review
it so I gave them the link they manually
reviewed and then this morning they got
back to me and they said it's the video
is fine it's been
remonetized so problem solved right
here's the weird
part the humans are not aware still what
was wrong with it in other words the
algorithm flagged it took it you know
demonetized it and never revealed its
secret for why now when the humans
looked at it they had the ability to
reverse it but do you think that your
video would have been reversed if you
were not the dilber guy if you didn't
have half a million people following you
on Twitter and you hadn't complained in
public and you weren't leaving kind of a
big footprint would yours have been
corrected I'd like to think that YouTube
is is so you know so on it that it
wouldn't matter who complained if they
saw a complaint they would deal with it
I'd like to think that's true but I'll
bet they wouldn't have seen it I don't
think you could have reached them I just
had this little you know semi famous
person advantage that probably helped
and if there were no humans who know why
I was
demonetized If This Were happened to you
who would who would have made the
decision to demonetize you no human
being involved no human being would be
involved in the initial decision to
demonetize you and no human being would
ever explain it to you or fix it later
you would be too small now what would
happen if the algorithm simply decided
you know using its math had decided to
focus on some videos they had certain
messages and not on others would the
people who made the algorithms be aware
of it would they know exactly that this
video was emphasized over this one
apparently not because they couldn't
tell why why mine was demonetized
there's a little bit too much complexity
maybe the people who look at
monetization are not the ones who
programmed it they wouldn't know what
they're looking at anyway and if they
asked it would be too complicated
conversation so they wouldn't really
know if he asked the programmer the
programmers would probably and first of
all it's not like there's one programmer
yeah it would be a team of programmers
who probably only know their little hunk
their little piece of the algorithm just
guessing that it seems like a reasonable
guess I don't think anybody would be
able to answer the question so the
complexity is what gives uh AI free will
I I'll just let that hang there for a
little while the
complexity is what gives AI in this case
the algorithms that decide what you see
on social media is what gives it a free
will what do I mean by that Free Will in
human beings is based on the fact that
you can't predict what I'll do that's it
because I'm complicated my brain is
complex so you can't tell based on what
I'm doing now it's too complicated you
can't you can't get all the variables
you can't determine all my inputs you
don't know what my cause and effect is
you don't know my body chemistry you
don't know my history but if you knew
that and if you had the Galaxy siiz
brain to look at all those inputs and
figure out how my brain is wired you
could know what I'll do the only thing
that gives me the impression of free
will is that even I don't know what I'm
doing sometimes
and you certainly don't know what I'm
going to choose so it is only my
complexity the fact that you don't know
what I'm going to do that gives you the
impression I have free
will this morning when YouTube told me
that they they didn't know basically uh
they didn't have to say this directly
it's obvious in context they don't know
why the algorithm did what it did it's
too
complex today was the day
the
AI was
confirmed it already had it but today
was the day that it was confirmed to me
the AI already has free
will exactly like mine it does what it
does by formula and it will do that if
it gave it the same inputs it would do
the same thing every time if it was
exactly the same inputs but it's too
complicated we can't predict it it's on
its own now it has free
will I'll just leave you with that
thought all right moving along uh here's
an interesting factoid Disney World in
Florida is open with obviously you know
masks and whatnot whereas Disneyland in
California remains closed differences
between the how the states are managing
this this is one of the best things
that's happened in the Corona virus
because this is going to be the closest
we will get
to knowing which of the two methods
worked so if the Disney World that
opened ends up with a good result
meaning very few people get the virus
because of it to the extent that they
can determine that um that's going to
tell us something and if they cause
massive infections because they opened
in Disney World in Florida well then
California was the smart one I think
we're going to find out something pretty
useful because it's pretty it's sort of
unusual that you would have such a
Apples to Apples comparison between
states so good to know uh you know if
you said to yourself I think they should
both open up you know you could make
that argument and I think Disney is
making that argument they think they
should open up but you should also be a
little bit happy that you got a good
comparison thing here we're going to
know something about Disney World that's
going to be really really useful I think
and I'm I'm I'm guessing that we'll be
able to track that
somehow um don't you know that data is
important has anybody told you that we
should make decisions based on data has
anybody mentioned that lately in this
election s uh this election cycle it's
all you hear we must use the data we
must listen to The Experts follow the
data follow the data that's what all the
dumb people say following the data would
be terrific idea if you had data
following the data would be a terrific
idea if you had the data and it was
reliable and it was right under those
conditions and you knew what to do with
it you know you knew how to act based on
that data but that's a lot of ifs isn't
it here's a good example what is the
only data about the Corona virus that
that you would need uh need to know to
really understand where we are and where
we're going what is the one bit of data
you would
need you might say to yourself a death
rate nope nope that's what I would have
said a few weeks ago I would have said
as long as you know the death rate
that's pretty much what you need to know
in terms of you know where we're having
um somebody else somebody smarter would
say you need to know the hospital
hospitalization rate because first of
all the hospitalization rate can to
somewhat some degree you will predict
the death rate but also you need to know
your hospital capacity you don't want to
go over it and you you also get your
people who have long-term problems and
they would be picked up in the
hospitalization wouldn't be picked up in
the death rate so that's all you need
right somebody says recovery rate nope
you don't need the recovery rate you
don't need the hospitalization rate you
don't need the death rate it would be
good to have and and they have value so
I'm not saying you shouldn't know them
I'm saying that the most important data
which we could get it's it's achievable
we could collect it we haven't and it
goes like this how many people are dying
who are getting the right meds and the
right
treatment right because that's all that
matters if we're if we're throwing
people in who are having problems today
with the average of how they were doing
before we had good Therapeutics back in
the day when we would stick people on
ventilators and the ventilator itself
would kill them that I think a lot of
the deaths were from ventilator uh
misuse nobody's fault because nobody
knew what to do in the early days
certainly definitely not any kind of
medical malpractice or anything I'm not
suggesting that but we didn't know so
can you tell me that you know or that
anybody has collected the only data that
matters you went into the hospital and
you got your REM Des
air let's say you know you were at that
stage or you got your regeneron or you
got your vitamin D you got your zinc and
maybe your baby aspirin whatever else
maybe some of
ziyin and
that's the only data I want to know now
on top of that I also need to know
availability of those Mets so if the
regeneron needs let's say two weeks or
three months or whatever it is to ramp
up so everybody can have it in this
country I need to know that because
that's telling me you know when when we
can get to a better place same with the
r Desir so I would want to know how many
people are dying with the right
treatment and let's call it the Trump
protocol okay just to keep it simple the
same stuff Trump got you have to assume
is the good stuff right so plus r dese i
don't think he got that but he didn't
need
it so if we don't know that do you know
anything seriously do you know anything
if you don't know that it's the only
number I think matters to how well we're
doing doing when are we're going to get
out of this how bad is it do we open up
do we not open up all of our decisions
are based on this one thing how do we do
today like today October 13th how would
you do today if you went into the
hospital and you got the full Trump
protocol right because it's nowhere near
the death rate of March and I feel like
we're making decisions based on March
you know March through October death
rates which would be insane
so um and somebody says the deaths are
are grossly
inflated but I would say that anybody
who got the Trump protocol would be
certainly confirmed to be somebody who's
got a Corona virus problem you I'm
pretty sure by the time you get the full
protocol they know that the Corona virus
is the thing that's going to kill you or
not you know so um there is definitely a
question about how the the deaths are
counted but I think we could count the
uh if you looked at the excess uh
mortality you'd be okay so if you knew
excess M mortality had gone down to
normal because people who got the
treatments their death rate had gone
down to a trivial
number um that would be a lot to know
all right so you can love having data
but if you collect the wrong data
doesn't matter if you know as I
mentioned earlier if you're the CDC and
you collect the data that 85% of the
people getting the virus are wearing a
mask how did that help you in fact it
probably hurt you because people would
misinterpret the data now they might
misinterpret it in a way that actually
helps you if it made them we them where
the no in that case I think they would
wear the mask less so people would
misinterpret it and do the wrong thing
data is very
overrated data is usually
wrong that that's just a fact uh all
data is usually wrong and wrong
enough that it would change how you deal
with it um somebody says I'm laughing at
your blind
loyalty to your cult
leader um you must be new here the
whoever is laughing at my blind loyalty
to my cult leader you must be brand new
and you must have joined later in this
very Periscope because the entire first
part of the Periscope was criticizing
Trump for health care not being you know
packaged into a good plan did you miss
that part did you did you miss the part
where I said it would take me 10 day 10
minutes to get over him losing if he
lost why is it about all of you you
Democrats who can't see anything
clearly if if you could see one thing
clearly it's that I'm not a slave to uh
Dogma if you don't get that you have
missed the most essential part of me
that I could change my mind in a
heartbeat on anything it's it's one of
my uh it's one of my advantages in fact
it's the only reason anybody's watching
me if if all I did was get on here and
do a blind obedience uh everything Trump
does is terrific if that's all I did I
don't think people would be too
interested in coming back because I
would just be another celebrity with a
stupid opinion it's only because I do
have the
facility to go in either
direction that makes me worth watching
for my critic who I'm talking to right
now uh you might also not know that I
consider myself left of burning
at least on the social stuff now I don't
think that Bernie is good at math so he
doesn't have to pay for the things he
wants and that's a problem I'm not going
to be
impractical I like his goals have
everybody you know have a good education
and uh you know want everybody to to be
free want to you know Etc but
uh but he needs to be able to figure out
how to do it it's got to be practical
all right all right that is all for
today and I will talk to you
tomorrow it's so it's so awkward when I
try to hit that little X to end this and
I can't hit it with my
thumb all right Periscope is turned off
we're on H YouTube only now live
streaming uh thoughts on Kanye and Joe
Rogan and his presidential ad I didn't
see that does Kanye have a an
ad There's an actual Kanye
ad
um data are facts statistics are
interpretation not true data are alleged
facts if data were
facts we'd probably be in a lot better
shape but usually data is out of context
and it's just
wrong is local still thing oh yeah let
me give you an update on locals so
locals.com is a platform um full
disclosure I have a small investment in
it as well and that's where I do um
everything that you that I don't do in
public I do there so there's a whole
bunch of other content on uh including
micro lessons on success and being more
being more effective as well as some
content that's a little too edgy to be
on Twitter or to be on uh YouTube so uh
locals is not only working but uh it's
it's working embarrassingly well the the
number of people who were willing to pay
a subscription to see extra content
actually uh is humbling because way more
demand than I could have imagined and so
far they seem happy the retention is
excellent people are adding every uh
every uh week so yeah locals.com you go
there and could follow people like me
people like Greg
Gutfeld um I think Don Jr's there bunch
of other people are going over and what
you'll see there is uh stuff you can't
see at other
places um somebody says you need a
coupon code no you don't need a coupon
code um the the creators can create a
coupon to give you a discount but you
don't need that you can just go there
and sign
up um and it's working great by the way
and the community over there is just
people who want to be you know part of
my community so I have basically no
trolls imagine a social media platform
that because it's subscription it
basically eliminates all of the trolls
every bit of content and other people
can other people post things as well so
I look at other people's content and
it's exactly what I want to see and it's
because somebody who followed me me kind
of knows what I would like to see and
knows what other people who follow me
would like to see and so it's this whole
environment where I only see stuff
that's interesting and I wanted to see
it it's the weirdest thing and they're
no trolls and and people pay a
subscription fee to be there somebody
says what is the $7 subscription fee for
it is for Content that you won't see
anywhere else but on top of that uh
there's and I didn't see this coming
exactly there's a little bit of a
patreon element to it patreon allows you
just to um essentially donate to
creators that you would like to
incentivize to do more and so I think a
lot of people just join locals because
they're supporting my
voice uh and then they also give some
extra
content but uh the if you like robots
read news my edgier uh comic that I only
do on the web um some of those I will
tweet I'll put on to Twitter so you just
so it's a acts as an advertisement for
locals but uh most of the really naughty
ones I just keep on locals if it's if
it's too edgy I just keep it there all
right that's all for now and I will talk
to you oh just to give you one more
example of what is on locals yesterday I
did a detailed um tour of my office you
know down to the down to the real
details which some people would find
interesting but others would not and
I'll talk to you tomorrow