oh where is everybody it's a great
weekend okay and as soon as all of you
get in here we're gonna be drinking some
coffee and getting this getting this
baby off to a good start I know why
you're here and it has something to do
with the simultaneous it has something
to do with joining in the ritual that
boosts your dopamine gets you ready for
the day it's the most amazing moment of
the day
it's a simultaneous SEP and it doesn't
take much to participate I'm already and
all you need is a cup of my glasses
tying the chalice at actor to canteen a
vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous unparalleled
pleasure
so here's the new rule I've got I've
activated the guest mode so people can
join me as guests but I only want to
talk to people who are anti-trump errs
who think he's racist and think the
world is coming to an end and want to be
deprogrammed or at least try to be
deprogrammed now I'm only going to take
those people so if you come on as a
guest
and that's not why you're there I'm
gonna think that politely end it so only
people who believe they have Trump
derangement syndrome and are afraid of
the world and what he's going to do to
it I will reprogram you but I'll give
you some I'll give you a little time so
we'll talk about the news and we'll see
if we get anybody and by the way you
know what our experience has been so far
is you get maybe one person or nobody
because I don't think consider all the
people are gonna see this periscope
being being advertised just within the
system think about all those people some
of them are Democrats some of them have
TDS but you're not going to get people
who are gonna volunteer to be
deprogrammed in public we've got one
person signed up but stay tight we're
going to talk about some stuff so in the
news Grey's Anatomy star Ellen Pompeo
has been called racist for criticizing
Kamala Harris that's all it takes these
days if you'd criticize Kamala Harris
you're a racist apparently it doesn't
matter if you're Ellen Pompeo and your
husband is black you can still be a
racist apparently if you criticize Ellen
Pompeo so if you're looking for what's
the most ridiculous thing that's going
to happen well that might be it we we
may have reached the point where
where everything's just racist just
period you have already told you that in
my opinion Don Lemon is racist
I call him RTL now for racist Don Lemon
and I'm not kidding about that yes the
standard that he prefers for what makes
somebody a racist and what makes you not
a racist I'm using his standard which is
that if you feel like somebody's a
racist they are and I do literally I'm
not doing it as a joke I literally think
he's a racist now under normal times I
wouldn't say that
I wouldn't say it out loud it would just
be something I would internally think I
think huh the way he presents things and
the things he focuses on and the words
he chooses feels super racist but I'm
not going to assume I could read his
mind I'm just gonna assume that it was
striking me that way but Don Lemon has
set a new standard which is that you are
a racist if somebody thinks you are
that's it it only takes somebody to have
an opinion that you're racist and and
then you're racist is the fact so I
apply that standard to him in in the
unimportant yet interesting news playboy
senior house reporter and I guess he's
is sometimes CNN political analyst Brian
carom got temporarily suspended his
credentials were yanked for a month from
the White House
because of that little shouting match he
got into with Sebastian Korca in the
Rose Garden when the when all the social
media people were there for the summit
to remember
Karam & korek I got into it and I kept
reading to find out if Gorka got banned
from the White House but he did not so
it wasn't about wasn't about just
shouting
I guess carob was singled out as maybe
the the worst behavior there
so I'm sure s√©bastien corchia is having
a terrific day because that's always fun
to find to wake up in the morning and
find out that the Yui was back to you on
something like that
that was pretty fun so congratulations
to Sebastian porca um so President Trump
tweeted cheekily I say cheekily I say
really bad news the Baltimore House of
Elijah Cummings was robbed too bad
now of course why that's bad and funny
at the same time is you know it's bad
because somebody's house got robbed
that's not funny
but the timing could not have been more
simulation and perfect because as
they're discussing whether Baltimore was
a crime infested place or not and and by
the way if you don't know the argument
there's a serious debate between Elijah
Cummings who says Baltimore is
crime-infested and President Trump Trump
who says that is rodent infested so
that's a pretty big difference so Elijah
Cummings says Baltimore is
crime-infested which it is and President
Trump says is rodent infested which of
course it is so both of them are true
but in this crazy world they've been set
up as being somehow in different teams
are they are they on different teams is
the person who says the city is
crime-infested and they have some
rodents completely different than the
person who says it's rodent infested
we're too much crime you can see the
difference right totally different one
says crime invested crime and crime
infested with too many rodents and the
other says erosion infested with too
much crime you can see why they're
fighting with the disagreement that deep
you can see why the country is being
divided ah what yeah that's how
ridiculous things are nikki hailey
weighed in to say this is so unnecessary
because what we really need when we're
having fun is a humorless Gould to come
tell us to have less fun you know
that'll fix things so I think nikki
Haley sat there and said you know what
can I do today to make the world a
better place
let's see look in the news okay well it
looks like President Trump is enjoying
himself and it looks like his supporters
are enjoying themselves while bringing
attention to a serious problem which is
the problems in Baltimore yeah I can't
have people no I can't people enjoying
themselves and also focusing on a major
problem so those resources we'll head
that way what can I do to stop this oh
oh I think I'll tweet Donald Trump this
is so unnecessary it's someone necessary
nikki Haley your tweet was a little bit
unnecessary
talk about unnecessary that's double
unnecessary do you know it's less
necessary than the original quote or the
original tweet a tweet about the tweet
if somebody makes an unnecessary tweet
and then you tweet to say that the
unnecessary tweet was unnecessary have
you improved the situation or have you
added some unnecessarily ninis a tude to
the unnecessary Ness seems to me that
you've increased the unnecessary to
yield a TBH whatever there's a little
bit of interest in Kim Jong Un's
short-range missile testing he's out
there testing some short-range missiles
president says don't worry about it they
were never a part of our conversation so
he's not he's not going against his word
fair enough I think Kim has to be
testing something militarily it's just
part of his deal they're now part of the
I think they're not part of the big
threat you know the if if Kim were to
attack attack South Korea with
short-range missiles if he were to do
that that wouldn't work out well for him
so it's not really a big risk that Kim
has short-range missiles I wouldn't
worry about it
ASAP Rocky yep rocky is on his way home
or maybe he's home RT I don't know so
Sweden released him after going through
somewhat of a process I think at least
one witness changed their story but I
don't know I don't know if the president
had anything to do with that do you so
we don't have any reporting that says
the president was in any way you know
helpful but maybe because we also don't
know what happened
it's possible they sped things up it's
possible that they you know we're a
little more flexible than they might
have been as possible yeah you know if
the president of the United States calls
you and asks you to do something well
it's possible that
that something happen but of course it's
hard to be sympathetic to Aesop rocky
who believes that you and I are clan
supporters and apparently his his music
has indicated at least he thinks the
president is which would mean by
inference that his supporters are so I
don't support ASAP Rocky as a person but
I'm glad that we get Americans and
foreign jails when they're falsely
accused which may be in fact what
happened a OCS chief of staff is leaving
for a related job but he's going to work
in the green New Deal effort I guess and
people say oh what happens when the
puppet master moves on to which I say he
is now moving on it doesn't work that
way
he's working on a overseas primary thing
the green new deal and it's not like we
don't have phone calls and you know
texts and it's not like he can't have
lunch with her so I wouldn't worry about
AMC flying blind because her advisor has
moved on that should make no difference
or whatsoever alright we've got three
people in waiting as guests now remember
the rule is if any of you three I hope
you're listening right now I'm only
gonna take calls from people who have
trumped arrangement syndrome in other
words people were anti-trump and people
who are willing to be deprogrammed by
hypnotist so I'm a hypnotist trained
hypnotist but I won't need to really use
any deep hypnosis to do this because
it's pretty straightforward so let me
check who is waiting in the comments
let's take Cheryl in
but remember cherylin I'm only gonna
keep you on here if you want to talk
about that topic cherylin are you there
all right do you have shrimp derangement
syndrome perfect okay so so your your
husband is a trump supporter or no he I
think so yeah and did you vote in the
last election yes I did and you voted
for Hillary yes and are you happy or
unhappy about how things have turned out
honestly I I listen to you all the time
my husband is like the freakin biggest
fan ever and I feel like every time
anybody says even the slightest little
thing about Trump you say they have
Trump tourangeau syndrome so well come
on so let's let's take this one
statement at a time okay do you do you
believe that I do not criticize
president Trump I feel you don't
criticize have you ever heard me
criticize him on health care race
relations and immigration those three
things I I criticize him on all the time
in public all the time
how could you have never heard that word
you do so both sides and but I just feel
like you're always defending this
constantly
well didn't didn't I just give you three
major policies where I just but but do
you well let me ask you Charlotte do you
believe that I've said those the same
thing publicly lots of time so you can
see in the comments if there's anybody
in the comments who wants to fact-check
that have I not criticized them on race
relations immigration and health care
you okay so but it is true that my
primary content is it's designed for the
audience that I have I know I know that
they like a certain
type of content but well let me ask you
this is is there something I should
criticize him for that I haven't what do
you say you honestly truly don't think
he's a racist
I think everybody's racist what do you
think well when you said that earlier
about Don Lemon I I'm starting to
believe that I feel like almost every
freakin thing you say these days is
racist not you personally not you
personally anybody Oh anybody you say
anything about anybody can be construed
as racism yes so the way I try to frame
this is that I think everybody everybody
is a pattern recognition machine that's
just the way your brain works if if
somebody who is wearing a you know let's
say a blue hat now that's a bad example
police say everybody who everybody who
was wearing an orange hat came up and
punched you the next time you saw
somebody in an orange hat you'd run away
now it might be it might be that the
last person in the orange hat is not
going to be a puncher at all so that
would be a case of being you know biased
or bigoted and it's the normal way it's
a normal way your brain works you can't
turn that off but your higher your
higher intelligence can override it when
you see it happening so in other words
somebody comes in for a job interview
you can rationalize yourself okay okay
it's another one of those people wearing
an orange hat last ten of them punched
me but I'm looking at the resume and
he's not punching me yet and the resume
looks good
I'll override my sense of prejudice nah
I'll hire this person so the best we can
do is to recognize it when it's
happening and you know and may at least
make our over to actions compatible now
I've never met anybody privately I don't
think I don't believe I've met anybody
privately who if you're the only other
person in the room would say that they
have no preference for who they'd want
to date sleep with or marry
yeah for sure everybody pretty much 100%
people have preference now I don't I
don't criticize that because it's we
have preferences for literally
everything you know the car you drive
the clothes you wear right there's the
stuff we have every kind of preference
but are all those people racists because
they have some kind of preference of
what ethnicity what age what gender they
all have a preference yeah so so at what
point does preference turn into racism
so give us give us your best example is
your problem that you think Trump is
racist specifically is that the big
problem with trial court yet when
Whitney first came out to in 2015 that
he was gonna run I've been I watched him
on all the shows you know the reality
shows and to me
he just wasn't presidential material and
so then literally everything he said
gets on my nerves and I can't see his
voice and like it might be tedious
possibly I'm not going to say that Scott
Adams but well but do you think that
seems to be so freaking controlled and
and what is the word of course I'm on
the spot right now because everything he
says seems to be so hey Cheryl Cheryl
I'm gonna give you a little gift here
which is here's a public speaking tip
you're doing great the the the the
audience hears both of us and whether we
stammer or miss award or anything they
don't care at all they'd rather have it
live and and you know realistic and
stuff so don't try to speak perfectly
and take as long as you want you're
really you're literally doing great so
just keep doing okay thank you but when
he when he speaks even like when he's
speaking to like his audiences I don't
feel like he's being genuine I feel like
he's literally just
to say whatever he needs to say to make
his crowd go now do you think that would
be different from every other politician
aren't they all saying what they
hopefully what here I guess that's true
but with Trump for some reason when he
does it all I see is a reality star he's
trying to just make people scream and it
doesn't matter what he says when he says
it as long as he gets a little bit of a
screams and he's done now here it's
funny because that's the thing one of
the things I like about him is that he
he's very conscious and transparent
about what the show is and he knows when
he's putting on a show and you know and
he knows that behind closed doors that's
when the actual business of the
government gets done but why is it that
you can't enjoy the show by just telling
yourself okay I get it I get what he's
doing and it's part of what makes
politics work for him I don't feel like
he did that when Obama would talk I felt
like he was actually trying to get
something across like he really had a
real meaning something where I feel like
Trump is just like Synder back or well
Olivia's let me ask you this do you
think they're both presidents Obama and
Trump do you think that there are
internal thoughts and motivations don't
you think that they both want good
things for the country I do and and
honestly I didn't think that at first
with Trump I honestly didn't because I
just felt like this was age like a goal
for him like hey I bet I can be
President let's see yeah I think what
probably was a little bit of surprise
here my my take on this is that anybody
who goes through that whole process of
getting all the way to the presidency no
matter what their original intentions
were I feel like the process and the
country and all of the attention turns
them into a new person in other words I
would believe that however much you love
the country when you thought about
running for president if you make it all
the way through you love your country
probably like nobody ever could
understand because I think the entire
the entire country's patriotism gets
sort of focused on you and you become
the center of that world and the most
important person to it and my thing is
that I think you could have some people
who were semi serious about the
presidency I think Bush jr. was semi I
think he was semi serious right but by
the time you get elected you're serious
yeah so so would you say just listening
to talk would you say that your problem
with the president is style more than
more than content stand that he drives
me not just because he thinks he's so
better than you know what one of the
things that I tell people is that you
have to understand Trump in terms of the
culture that he came Anna that the new
york you know braggadocious kind of
culture you know i grew up in new york
state which was close enough to that
culture that i have a feeling for it
when I watch a New Yorker talk and they
seem to have a lot of bravado when
they're you know they're sure of
themselves and they're attacking other
people and stuff like that I just see
the people I grew up with it doesn't it
doesn't bother me at all but it's only
because I'm used to it
I could imagine if I grew up in and in
total totally more polite let's say less
direct culture I would be thinking the
same thing you are which is uh-oh what's
going on with this guy if it's something
that he cares about it's like the most
important thing let me ask you this have
you ever had a conversation with your
husband in which you can't stand the
fact that he won't admit he's wrong oh
my god yes
[Laughter]
yes so is there any chance that you
might be reading some of your feelings
about your husband into Donald Trump or
vice versa or vice versa okay I'll give
you that but but I I often think that
people bring their own their own trauma
or experience good or bad into into it
in the same way that I said he reminds
me of people from New York and it makes
me instantly like him a little bit more
you you would you would have an instant
like for someone who reminded you of
where you grew up probably if you like
very rough whereas you may be reminded
by some experience you had some person
maybe there was a bully in your life
maybe there was a family member who was
just the worst person who you reminded
of so I get some of it we have to
understand is what we're bringing to the
situation wouldn't you say yeah you know
because isn't it weird that you know you
and the Trump supporters are are on the
same planet experiencing exactly the
same thing you know roughly speaking and
there are those of us were saying my
goodness this is the best Golden Age
we've ever been in things have never
been better than this and yet some half
of the country or whatever are saying
it's never been so bad the whole country
is coming apart we're all looking at the
same information again well that's not
the logo now the nether now it's a keep
America great we're gonna keep America
ready all right I don't see anybody else
signing up I'm gonna I'm gonna wrap our
call up and see if I can else and by the
way you're a great supporter thank you
for coming on you did great until you
tell your husband he sounds very smart
to me he's frickin genius I'll talk to
you later all right let's see if
somebody else is ready to come on
periscope looks like a fake name
could be a troll could be just somebody
coming down here to have a little fun
but let's see caller can you hear me
yeah I can hear you that little color
what is your name color my name is
Dennis Burton I Dennis are you a Trump
hater or supporter not really but I'd
say that over the course of my life I
grew hated from being a Democrat to
being a Republican and I don't know if
that's are you to age or do you have
Trump derangement syndrome no but like
the previous callers I think a lot of
people and and and my life have that and
it's I think I have sort of the the
knock-on effect of that because it
really tends to affect your life
potentially more it's four hearts or
like if you have someone in your family
that's sick you have all the stress then
perhaps they do you know it's sort of
like when a friend is dying or something
like that yeah there's there's
definitely some spillover I think I
think and I feel that too yeah when I
watch honestly when I watch CNN and I
watched racist and I've been doing this
thing and and they're bringing on person
after person who feel sad I feel that I
have to say that even though I don't
feel sad about what they feel sad about
because I think it's literally a
hallucination in most cases but I feel
bad that my you know my teammates in
America are having a tough time and I
don't think it's necessary because
they're we're all looking at the same
set of facts but they're interpreting
them in a dangerously bad way I mean I'm
gonna take another call I'm looking for
somebody who's got Trump derangement
syndrome but thank you for thanks thank
you cheers let's see if we can get a
Sanjay Sanjay you will be coming at us
in a moment
Sanjay could hear me hey how are you son
Sanjay are you a a Trump derangement
syndrome sufferer or a trump supporter
I'm not a trump supporter and I do I go
through I have symptoms of Trump
derangement syndrome and then I watch
your periscopes and then I feel better
after and then I watched CNN or
something and then feel terrible you
know that the country's going down the
drain and then I and then I come back to
your show every time and I always feel
better now now you what you're
describing is the same experience I got
when I did mushrooms
you know what that means is that you can
really understand that the subjective
nature of reality with what you just
described because the information you
are looking at didn't change you just
want to watch one people talk about that
same information then you heard me talk
about that same information any review
of your one of the most important parts
of reality which is who is your
president and what's happening with the
with the country I don't know if you're
American are you American I'm American
yes okay so you're president I correctly
said and it seems to me that that's
useful don't you feel like you learned
something when you go back and forth and
find your worldview change that quickly
without any facts actually changing oh
yeah like I learned that it's it's all
it just depends on like for example with
the previous caller you were talking to
the woman you know how you might be
reflecting your thoughts about your
husband in Trump or some bully that
right so if you were bullied in the past
and you realize that you're projecting
you know a lot of opinions about Trump
we're projecting yeah you know I the way
I put it is I hate to use that word
projected because I think it gets
overused all of you used it correctly in
this case but it feels like to me
a better way to think that is that we
are pattern recognition machines and
some of us have fewer patterns that
so if you're working with only fewer
patterns that you've ever been exposed
to those are the ones that will tell you
what to think of the next thing so let's
say if you'd been bullied and that's a
pattern that's really strong and then
you see somebody who reminds you of a
bully you're gonna you're gonna imbue
your opinion is that the right word
you're gonna take all all that you felt
about other bullies and put them into
this new person who reminded you so I
would say projection yes but it also
depends greatly on which patterns you've
ever seen before that's that's what's
going to decide what you project can you
tell me the one is there anything about
the Trump experience or what he's done
or said that you think I have not
adequately described to be no big deal
well this is not you haven't really
gotten to this yet because it just
happened but you know I noticed that
with this latest budget deal lots of
Republicans voted against Trump or voted
against the budget deal that he paid you
know he signed off on right right Senate
voted for so I think there's something
unusual going on where a lot of
Republicans support Trump even when he
says what sound like racist things but
then when it comes to the budget deal
they don't support him like I don't
really get what's going on with
Republican support and like oh I could I
could explain that the the Republicans
that opposed the budget are the people
who stand on principle that we shouldn't
increase the debt so there are people
who are a super debt whether they care
about the debt more than they care about
just about anything because I think
that's a you know and the Republic kind
of a risk whereas everything else you
can kind of work it out as you go and
those those group would oppose every
president every time or every every day
everybody they would just oppose
everybody who'd wanted to increase the
debt so that's all that was and and but
you've seen a lot of Republicans have
you not criticized the president for his
language and his tweets and the way he
presents himself I I feel as if maybe
most
publicans have done that at least once a
Republicans criticize them but that I
hear about these polls where they say
like 90% of Republicans support Trump or
I don't know some really high percentage
well yeah that's because they prioritize
getting things done over the the words
that he uses that's all that is and
that's very Republican at the moment I'm
not sure that was always Republican but
at the moment it seems very Republican
say yeah yeah yeah he shouldn't have
said that I wish he hadn't I criticized
him for it but look at the economy it's
going pretty well and we're not in any
you starting any worse so I think
they're they're just saying we got our
judges we got our economy we got her
national defense the the military's
being built up and if and if we have to
break a few eggs to get there well we
wish we had not broken those eggs but
there you are we didn't have a we didn't
have nobody offered us a choice of
trumps effectiveness without the rough
edges we we would have all voted for
that person probably not all of us but
you know what I mean all right thank you
so much I've got a few more people here
maybe there are worse cases but thanks
so much for joining thank you all right
all right let's see who else we've got
here mess
that's the donkey the people who have no
profile picture and interesting
usernames
sooner or later I'm gonna get a pure
troll here so let's see what we do hello
user can or caller can you hear me I can
hear you yeah hey how are you I'm good
tremendous are you a trump derangement
syndrome sufferer and/or Trump supporter
I am a little of both I think that his
policies are great I think the tweets
were necessary in the primaries and
possibly to get elected but I think that
at a certain point he has to focus on
the middle of the country suburban
housewives and tweeting jokes about
Elijah Cummings house getting broken
into are going to turn those people away
and it's just dumb at a certain point
yeah you know let me ask you this I hear
what you're saying and I think a lot of
smart people would agree with you which
is hey you're already president you know
let's let's just consolidate the gains
and try to be a regular president and
you know really really nail this if you
can do it I think a lot of people would
say the same thing almost every probably
I guess almost a hundred percent of
Republicans would have said the same
thing you know hey president calm it
down but here's the thing that I always
asked myself wouldn't we have said that
when he was running for president and
weren't we all wrong because I think we
were everybody who said at least
everybody who said this tweeting is
never gonna get you elected it did get
him elected and I would say that his
tweeting has caused some specific
benefits for example we are looking at
Baltimore harder resources are having to
Baltimore as we speak there are people
organizing resources for Baltimore just
because of that we saw that kim
jeong-hoon
probably turned from a nuclear risk to
hey I think he's just joking with me on
Twitter let's let's see where this goes
so what do you agree that his twitter
has produced some benefits even though
I'm acknowledging you know that the
rough edges there oh did I lose you
oh sorry I lost my collar I should have
noticed
let's try Joshua
sorry I have to clear my voice a lot on
camera it's a legacy from some voice
surgery I had Joshua are you there yes I
am Scott hey how are you I'm doing well
good
are you a trump derangement syndrome
sufferer and/or Trump supporter um well
I ask the audience here and somebody
reported back that I might suffer from
it because I believe that Trump is a
he's a danger to our country oh good
you're my perfect caller thank you
give me your gimme let's say the top of
mind which what's the big specific topic
we can talk about other things but
what's the big one that worries you the
most he is uh he's a genius and that's
obvious but he's opportunistic and
because he's seen a wedge put into the
log so to speak he picked up the hammer
and he drove the wedge home and it was
the point the division between the
Republicans and the Democrats the
Liberals and the Conservatives he's
completely monopolized that topic and
he's controlling the conversation true
with absolutely zero feedback from
rational minds our country has given the
opposite side to a bunch of loon bass
now is so is your concern that he's
making other people crazy is that is
that your biggest grab salutely
absolutely he's brilliant he's using
he's defeating themselves with
themselves I mean how brilliant can you
get and that's dangerous yeah you know
there's something to that I've talked
about this before the definition of
charisma is power plus empathy so you
like powerful people if they care about
you because then they'll help you
exactly but if they have power and you
do not detect empathy they're just a
monster because somebody who has power
who doesn't care about you could just
kill you for personal gain someday
because I don't care so I think a lot
has to do with whether you think Trump
has empathy because we'd all agree he
has power I mean if only the power of
the presidency which is tremendous
but he has personal power - that's how
that's what got him the job so I can see
that and that's partly why I wanted to
do this deep programming because I would
agree that I I count that in his top
three weaknesses health care immigration
and race relations are as three weakest
spots and I would agree with you on that
but it doesn't sound like you have TDS
it sounds like you have just a genuine
concern for something that's observably
true okay then I guess the doctors
declared me cured saying you're cured
you're cured thanks for the call all
right Stephen you're her you might be
our last we'll see if anybody else signs
up Stephen can you hear me is it Stephen
or Stephan Stephan do you have TDS or au
a trump supporter or both I have TDS but
you have helped me quite a bit in my
good is there anything I can do to mop
up the remaining resistance well I just
don't think I feel like you give a lot
of short shrift to the idea of when we
talk about dog whistles or I mean I
don't think you acknowledge how
historically the Republicans have used
when you talk about Lee Atwater and the
Southern Strategy about using certain
language to inflame rate you know the
the everybody's racist everybody has the
tendency to you know have these racial
feelings and I feel like it's pretty
obvious that Trump is stoking these well
I'm so perfect you're the perfect caller
that's the I was wanted to talk to
somebody who had that opinion so you
would say that a reasonable person a
smart reasonable person who was trying
to be objective
would look at the president's language
and say oh that is clearly a racist dog
whistle is that where you're coming from
yes
now would you consider me reasonable and
intelligent yes I don't hear it how do
you explain that I don't that's what and
let me ask you know just so it isn't me
in the comments I think you still see
the comments for those who in the
comments say do you hear it the racist
dog whistle and watch the comments
people saying they don't hear it I guess
I'm deaf well but that's the point that
you made okay maybe I should your point
was that every intelligent reasonable
person should hear it you know I guess
they don't but I think there's no
there's no argument that this there's no
argument to say that there's no such
thing as a dog whistle put it this way
well but but we have political
operatives who historically have
acknowledged that this is a real thing
it acknowledged that a politician cannot
come right out and say racist things
that would be stupid
however in its place you say certain
things which in vote evoke the same
feelings I mean do you acknowledge that
that's a true political strategy
oh I acknowledge that historically that
has clearly been a political strategy
would you agree that if somebody
intentionally used that strategy in 2019
they would be the dumbest person in the
world I would have thought that until
recently yes well apparently these
things and to see how well all right let
me give you some specific examples so
you talked about the Lee Atwater thing
and that was the the Willie Horton
commercial was the the big example of
that right and they showed a a black man
who was being released early from prison
and people said okay why are you
focusing on the black guy it's obvious
that was a secret
example but there's another better
example which was an interview which was
done with him or he specifically said
you know in the 50s you could say the N
one word is that then in the 60s you you
changed that to talking about busing
housing and talking about lower taxes
quota basically but go ahead well so but
I and I agree all those things
historically were real and I don't have
any certainly wouldn't argue that those
are all real but in an image where
Barack Obama was an overwhelmingly
popular president for two terms and if
he if he could run for a third term me
to easily get reelected does it does it
feel like in that world the world of
2019 that intentionally sending out
continuous racist dog whistles would
ever be a strategy that an expert would
advise absolutely 100% I mean one of the
reasons is because there's been a shift
from politicians trying to embrace the
to get the blow through this idea of
energizing the base that's something
that's really only been a viable
strategy the last good point
so but by that by their thinking once
the president was already a president he
would cut that out right away wouldn't
he wouldn't it be a better strategy to
not do that once you're actually
president I think we'll find out but I I
don't think he feels I think they would
you know that was that was a common idea
was when is he going to turn to the
middle and he never did let me ask you
some some well some people would say
that he didn't turn because he didn't
need to turn so remember that it's only
it's only the Democrats and the
anti-trump errs who believe that he's
ever been sending racist singles
everybody else thinks it's never
happened and therefore there was nothing
to change from he
was already where you you said he was
gonna be politically incorrect let's
talk about some specific examples here
here are some thoughts um that had been
fascinating me this started with the the
governor of Florida he used the word
articulate when talking about his his
competing candidate was black and he
said he was articulate and everybody
said oh that is clearly racist because
that word is historically used as sort
of a backwards compliment to say you're
articulate as if that should be unusual
now I asked around how many people how
many white people had ever heard that
the word articulate would be considered
an insult to it when used about a black
candidate how many people do you think
had ever heard that yeah no I I think
that I don't think that's recent I think
that's more just white why this strategy
also works better now that it might have
ten years agos because well done list it
yes go ahead yeah let's do some more
examples I want to see if I can find one
that you do think is racist so how about
the word infestation which was used both
by Elijah Cummings talking about
Baltimore and then later by President
Trump talking about Baltimore they both
used the same word it's a common word is
it a racist whistle yes and no and let
me explain why I think Trump uses the
word infestation because as you say it's
sort of a visual word you save the world
that's why uses it more than more than
that it's a racist word I think there's
a difference between saying something is
greatest and something is a dog whistle
I mean it can be both of things I think
in the context that he uses it if you
read it word for word it definitely does
not
it's not being used as a bracelet she
confessed to talk about rats against
rats today but the image of a slum of a
project this same way is important in
that add an image that gets put in
people's minds and is persuasive well he
was talking about but but everybody
agrees the Baltimore is in bad shape
whether you're white or black you're
gonna say the place is infested with
crime and infested with rodents wouldn't
you say that's a universal agreement
it's the one thing we agree with that
Baltimore's custom I agree with it on a
percent but why of all the things that
he watched on fox news that day did he
died to read about that well I think you
hit on it the and it just Stokes this
animus I think in the populace that's
what I think let me ask you this are you
suggesting that whether or not he has
racial feelings are you suggesting that
he's cleverly using race dynamics for
political advantage even if he may not
technically a racist what are you saying
exactly
okay I have a way of knowing nobody will
ever be able if you're no one will ever
be able to prove what he feels in his
heart I'm well happy he's cleverly using
these feelings either to persuade people
100 you have it you have been listening
to me right so you have good responses
let me ask you this I always say that
the best filter on reality is the one
that does the best job of predicting so
if the way you see the world predicts
how it's going to turn out you know
tomorrow you probably had a pretty good
filter but if it turns out completely
different than you imagined it tomorrow
well you'd have some explaining so what
Trump supporters see and that makes them
comfortable supporting him even though
he's accused of all these heinous crimes
against humanity is that
when he I'll just give you some
anecdotes when he pardons some black
prisoners or when he helps ASAP rocky
get back or what he hires ben Carson or
when he brags continuously about black
unemployment being low when he says part
of the reason to build the wall is
because it helps black citizens in this
country and he works for the country he
doesn't work for the world and when he
used the first president who could get
prison reform across the line now all of
those things are compatible with my
worldview that he is political
politically incorrect but wants to do
what works for all of the citizens of
this country and the reason that I think
he wants to do it is because he has a
huge ego and wants to succeed and I
can't imagine if he I can't imagine any
time he was sitting by himself and he
said you know if I use this word
infestation about Baltimore I'm going to
gain votes from racists I don't I can't
imagine anybody having that calculation
let me let me let me just finish this
point I'll let you talk if you were a
smart political operator you would know
that every time you said anything that
could even be construed that way because
everybody has their antenna up you would
lose votes but you would never gain
votes there's nobody who's going to vote
for him because he used an ambiguous
term that some people thought was racist
now that doesn't get you a vote you
don't think it gets him a vote at this
point do you I do I mean I and I'm not
saying this in a vacuum this is not
something that I'm sitting in my bedroom
thinking about and making up this theory
this is a documented political strategy
that's been used for decades
what but but you're you're comparing the
older times when it would have been a
completely good strategy with 2019 where
Ellen Pompeo was called a racist for
criticizing Kamala Harris when Ellen
Pompeo is actually married to a black
man well the times change but human
nature doesn't change and in some ways
well that in some way
works better now because because the
left has so overused the term racist
it's easy to get it's easy to say well
they're just calling everybody based
which they are I think the media is
completely blowing this and and is
irresponsible I think Donna lemon is
rich I think I I were a news person I
would not be calling him a racist but I
would be saying he is using this
strategy this historic strategy I would
not call him personally a racist and
because they do that they give him more
cover so what would be whoa what would
be your one best example where you
believe he used that let's say the
Willie Horton strategy what what would
be your best example of that I mean I
think it's very subtle but I think this
goat this this go back tweet that he
used he wants when people think of the
Democratic Party he wants them to think
of Ilhan Omar he wants her face to be
identified with the Democratic Party and
I think it's brilliant I absolutely
think it's brilliant okay but that
phrase go back you know if that's not a
vaca t'v racism I don't know what is
well I'm not saying again I'm not saying
he's a racist I'm saying look what is
yes he sees her he saw Pelosi distancing
herself from the aoc +4 and he said this
is no good for me
I need to tie them to the Democratic
Party he sent out a tweet and he did it
if if I'm trying to think of a another
example if let's say he'd been let's say
Ilan Omar had been British so yeah let's
say she was somebody who had been born
in Britain and to move to this country
still had a British accent and was
criticizing the president would the
president can you imagine him say well
one should go back to Great Britain fix
things here there and come back and show
us how it's done
can you imagine he would have ever said
that
maybe for different reasons yes I think
it was very obvious bits of timing you
have to think about the timing of when
this happened it literally happened when
and you you said it you're the one who
said it on your show you know this is
the reason he did it and and the reason
that he used that language is because it
he knows how to fire up the press and it
gets even more coverage and it spirals
exactly the way he wants it to well
there's no doubt it works so but I don't
conflate being provocative with being
racist to me to me you could be very
provocative and you could be strategic
at the same time that you're not racist
but I think I think he is provocative in
a way that is is unhealthy to the to the
country inside that that inflames racial
feelings in in people oh I actually
agree with that so that that's actually
I think we're on complete agreement
there so what I've been saying is that
the three places I criticize them health
care immigration and race relations is
for that reason he does use it for
provocation and he uses it strategically
but it has a side effect that we see
which is pretty bad
all right thanks thanks so much Steven
you were great
go see gonna move along you know thanks
for the call thank you
let's see Oh Jill Jill Jill Jill come to
me Jill let's talk about TDs Jill are
you there go but I was thinking
yesterday I do have a problem that's not
with TDS it's something much more
significant to me which I look at
because I have all the symptoms of a
derangement syndrome
I have DNC TS or even Obama derangement
syndrome because there is nothing that
the Democrats do that I can accept or
agree with I think all the candidates
are complete nuts
with all their socialist policies so I
think I have all the symptoms of dream
consume for example but your tonight I
have a long list of things that I could
compete and if you just prove one of
them I will just go on to the next one
and say but they're crazy about this
topic how do i how do I solve my problem
with all right you're not you're not
playing fair I'm looking for people are
real real Trump derangement syndrome so
I'm gonna move to another caller let's
see okay there's a interesting first
name which tells me I might get an
interesting caller caller are you there
hey what's your first name how do you
spell that
Mak Oh a last name Basti doc I love that
name
that's a great name do you have a trump
derangement syndrome or you a trump
supporter I can channel my dad's
derangement syndrome
you can channel your dad's so you have
that bad situation where holidays are a
little awkward oh he refuses to move
back down Bama because yes I love AM
arrangement syndrome as well
okay but you're but you don't have Trump
derangement syndrome no all right well
I'm only talking to people have trumped
arrangements syndrome today because I'm
trying to deprogram them but I hope
you're listening so that you can get
some tips for deprogramming your dad
thank you all right take care all right
let's see if we get one more lively TDS
sufferer
caller can you hear me hello caller hey
do we have a bad connection I can hear
you okay sounds better now do you have
Trump derangement syndrome well I
believe Trump's a racist but I don't
have TDS
okay go on
can you give me your first of all are
you a trump supporter or are you a
Democrat or anti Trump or Republican
what are you I'm an independent and
perfect perfect can you give me your
number one best evidence that Trump is a
racist you know Scott I've taken sexual
harassment training a bunch of times and
the first thing no we're gonna get to it
through sexual sexual training cut
because the first thing they teach you
is that the definition of sexual
harassment is whatever the person
offended by it says it is yeah yep but
that's where we're at with racism Scott
it's whatever the person offended says
says it is if you're not you have the
opposite of TDs you have the opposite of
TDs you're too rational no no but by
that definition look I mean if you if
you don't agree that that's the
definition then types racist but but you
can't you can't say you know they're
sending rapers and send them back and
build the wall and find people on both
sides you can't say all those things
wait hold on although second hole a
second do you think that the president
said that the neo-nazis in
Charlottesville were fine people not the
neo-nazis but the people that like
statues that sort of honor a past that
offends some people and okay by the way
you know you don't think there are any
any good people who simply want to keep
the history up even though they abour
racism themselves you don't think
there's anybody who has that opinion
who's a reasonably good person who would
never be racist ya know the same way I
think you can like women and still
harass them you might not be a you might
like statues but you can still offend
somebody and like what do you know that
you have to make a choice are you going
to use language that runs the risk of
offending people on that basis or are
you going to be sensitive to it and once
you decide you're gonna blurt stuff out
and run the risk of offending that class
of people then you're taking the risk of
he doesn't happily like he just like
it's fine if you want to say it's oh
hold on hold on
correct well but then like it or not in
trouble and so so is it is that the
people who who claim to be offended
should they determine outcomes is that
good enough if somebody claims they're
offended then you can be labeled a
racist forever is that is that a
standard you'd like to see no but that
is the standard sadly I wish I could
argue that that does seem to it seems to
be what people are treating as a
standard but you understand that when
Trump ran he said I'm not going to be
politically in politically correct so he
rejected the standard and he rejects it
every day so he seems to be willing to
attack anybody in any way all the time
and his the people who support him say
that's fair he's attacking everybody all
the time and he said he doesn't care
what you call him he's gonna be
politically incorrect and he prefers it
that way so I hear what you're saying so
I don't disagree with your statement
that if you've defined it as being
people's opinions and it seems as though
we have then therefore that definition
would would apply in this case so I you
know I I try not to argue with just
definitions but I get what you're saying
all right thank you so much for the call
thank you all right I'm still trying to
drag him somebody who's really got a bad
case let me ask you this given the
number of people who would see this
periscope is happening they're not all
people who follow me a lot of it is seen
by the general public don't you think
there were a lot of people who were
serious anti-trump errs who saw this and
didn't come in why is that do you think
that the anti-trump errs on some level
no that their opinion is not legitimate
because that's what I'm starting to
think because as many times as I've
offered now you've seen me do this a
number of times right in public and it's
a pretty big public I mean a lot of
people see that when a periscope is live
anybody who's looking for live periscope
scan see all the choices and it's right
in my title so you would think that this
would have attracted at least some
trolls at least some people who were
serious Democrats who really had a
problem why is it that we didn't get any
why is that it's not because I'm scary
right I don't think people thought oh if
I go on his periscope he's going to you
know belittle me and you know insult me
or something nobody thinks that I don't
think so I think they don't want to lose
their anger I think that people have
chosen a lifestyle and identity around
hating Trump that is sparked by some
kind of thing that rubs them the wrong
way there's something about its
personality that you either like it or
you hate it but it's hard to be neutral
about you and the people who are rubbed
the wrong way have built a lifestyle
around their hatred of him that connects
them with other people who have similar
feelings but I'm starting to think quite
literally this is no joke I'm starting
to think that nobody actually believes
what they believe even on a conscious
level they know that in other words I
think the anti-trump errs are completely
aware that their criticisms are not
actually technically accurate but
they're part of a team play now they're
not unusual I would say that they're
just plenty of people on the right as
well because it's a normal human thing
who have sort of chosen a lifestyle and
will pair it whatever attacks seem to be
popular or funny against the left so we
all have that tendency but when I offer
to deprogram somebody from a feeling
which has to be a horrible feeling
imagine waking up every day and thinking
you're in the you know the end times
because of this president I wake up
every day literally I woke up today and
the first thought as I got in the bed
was what a great day literally I just
thought I'm waking it waking up into a
great country on a sunny day in the
summer things are going pretty well no
wars that were at least that we're
getting into and if you're waking up
into this this dystopian nightmare which
a lot of people seem to be waking up in
too
why wouldn't you want to change that and
the only thing I can this is my best
hypothesis is that it's because it's who
they are it's not about what they're
thinking the thing that we see as a
mental illness actually literally I
don't mean that as a hyperbole it looks
to me like actual mental illness but I'm
no mental illness expert so don't don't
take my word for it it just looks like
it to me but it's probably just some
lifestyle integrity thing where people
don't want to get end of their lifestyle
style
bubble if you will all right my book
loser think will talk about these things
and more November fifth it will be out
the best book you've ever read in your
life or maybe most useful and we'll talk
more about this stuff another day until
then have a great weekend