but a pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hello everybody
come on in here so many stories today so
many stories but we can't talk about
those stories until we do something
first I think you know what that is yeah
it's common it's called the simultaneous
sip it's the best thing ever I think
you'll enjoy it
everybody's talking about it everybody's
saying did you have your simultaneous
sip today everybody loves it all the
experts agree it keeps you healthy and
it's time now for the simultaneous sip
oh good good good so let's talk about
the stories number one you may have seen
those stormy Daniels was arrested in
Ohio for doing her normal stage act but
apparently she was bouncing her boobs
against the sides of people's faces
which I call a good time but the state
of Ohio calls illegal and so she was
arrested so stormy Daniels is going down
for breaking that weird little law she
says it's political I think it might be
it would be hard to imagine it what it's
not but guess what
she is political she she unfortunately
and I don't I don't approve of anybody
being arrested for no good reason and
certainly not in this case but she did
inject herself into politics in a
malicious way and when you inject
yourself into politics in a malicious
way in other words she wasn't trying to
make the world a better place
all right stormy was not trying to make
the world a better place
she was made she was trying to make the
world a much worse place by mucking up
our system and when you do that karma
might come Colin this sounds like karma
did come a-callin so I don't approve of
her being arrested for trivial reasons I
can't get me hired that but I gotta say
she she decided to play the game she
certainly knew what the risks were and
those risks have come home it appears
let's talk about to Putin President
Trump on his European visit was asked
what he thinks of Putin he said well you
know I don't know him well enough to be
a friend but I think he called him a
competitor
he said we compete he competes to do
what's good for him I competed what to
do what's good for me I suggest that
that framing of our adversaries as
competitors is the most productive thing
that's happened in this century that's a
big statement right so I'm gonna say
that the president's framing of our our
past enemies as competitors is one of
the biggest things that's happened in a
century and once again it's one of those
things that is so subtle to those who
don't you know don't follow persuasion
or not in that wavelength that it
doesn't look like anything it just looks
like he's avoiding the question or he's
failing to get tough or something like
that but I think the president realizes
that the days of of a big country
with a military simply taking over
another country that has a standing
military of any consequence is over
there is no scenario in which Russia
takes over France just can't happen
anymore
and if they took it they couldn't hold
it you know it would be impossible to
hold that their economy would be
boycotted by everybody it would be the
end of them so when you treat your enemy
like an enemy they will respond like an
enemy you get to define what the other
person is let me tell you a story from
one of my books that gets to this point
back when I was in college and I
discovered this thing called marijuana
and when I would smoke the marijuana
back in my college days it would feel to
me like other people were being nicer to
me there when I was not high people were
sometimes nice sometimes not but when I
was high it seemed to me that everybody
was nice to me and for years I wondered
about that weird little illusion because
I said to myself clearly I'm not I'm not
affecting the world the world is what
the world is why is it that I see it so
differently when I'm high than when I'm
not you know people can suddenly become
nice just because I got high and then
years went by and I got smarter and I
learned how things work how people
communicate how we influence other each
other and I realized I was changing the
people around me and so do you people's
attitudes their opinions the way they
feel doesn't come entirely from them and
whatever they were doing before they got
got in the room with you some of it does
you could say a lot of it does but how
they feel when they're in the room with
just you and them has mostly to do in
that moment with you you cause other
people's moods now it's not a hundred
percent thing right people can come in
in a bad mood and not be able to get out
of them and come in in a good mood and
maybe it's such a good mood it's hard to
ruin it but in general you create the
moods of
people you encounter and and you you
recognize this is true right there's
nobody who's doubting that statement
that your mood is not something that
just happens within you you're
influenced by other people and you can
you can choose to manage that or not
it's the Dale Carnegie method recognizes
that and so if you want to have a good
personal encounter with somebody you act
a little bit nicer and a little bit more
interested in them then maybe you
actually are because that actually makes
them more interesting it makes them like
you it makes the chemistry go up so if
you take the lead in a personal
conversation let's say it's somebody
you're meeting for the first time you
can actually manage the emotion up or
down just based on what you present if
the first thing you do you say to a
stranger is had a bad day my commute was
bad everything went bad you're gonna
bring that person's mood down to your
mood almost instantly but if you come
and say hey are you doing a great day
have you tried the appetizers what are
you drinking there you know what's your
name you know
wallah if you come at it with a positive
attitude the the odds of you influencing
their attitude up or very good now let's
take that to the international stage
what Trump has done and is doing is
remarkable on a level that I just think
is invisible to most observers and that
is that he is he isn't reacting to Putin
he isn't reacting to kim jungeun he
isn't reacting to president and she he
is causing them he's creating them he is
authoring them president Trump is
authoring Putin so Putin's his own
person he's going to do what he does you
know you know you're not it's not a
hundred percent control sort of a
situation but how the two of them deal
with each other and
for how they deal with the two countries
deal with each other is largely
determined by how each of them acts
toward the other president Trump has
taken a proactive leading attitude in
other words it wasn't Putin who said hey
we're just competitors why can't we get
along maybe he did I don't remember
seeing it anywhere president Trump has
defined the situation in a new way and a
productive way he said with North Korea
does it essentially I'm paraphrasing
lots of conversations but essentially
wouldn't it make more sense just to be
friends but we're really helpful we
could be good friends nobody else said
that and he said it first and he defined
the situation and in a way President
Trump
authored Kim jong-il Kim Jong hoon is
becoming in part I mean he's a he's his
own person as well but in part he's
conforming to the expectations and the
frame the president Trump created he's
doing the same thing with Putin and he
did the same thing with President Xi and
by the way if you're tempted to say hey
you know he's manipulating other leaders
it's not that you're thinking of it
completely wrong if you think of it as
manipulation manipulation is when you do
something that the other doesn't want
done but you've convinced them to do it
anyway so you could manipulate somebody
into doing something against their best
interests but in none of my examples is
anybody doing anything against their
best interests and indeed they're moving
toward their best interest with the help
of president Trump's authoring so he's
creating a scenario in which in which
Putin can comfortably live as a
competitor that's a pretty good frame
and it and it seems to me that you're
gonna see him moving toward it what I
would look for is when Trump and Putin
needs look for
Budhan mirroring any of trumps frame so
if Trump goes over there and says hey
we're gonna be tough but you know let's
you know let's just see each other as
competitors if you see Putin use
language like that then you'll see him
entering the frame it's good for Russia
to be our friend it's good for North
Korea to be our friend
it's good for China to be our friend and
competitor even the competition part
works perfectly it makes the world a
better place everybody raises their game
all right now I've talked before about
what I call president Trump's shake the
box method of negotiating but I feel as
though I've never completed the loop on
that so I want to talk about that a
little more one of the things you see
President Trump do consistently he's
doing it with NATO now he's done it with
North Korea he's done it with trade
deals he's done it with running for an
office he doesn't all the time is he'll
take a stable situation in which people
have been looking at this stable
situation for a long time and they say
these are the variables and this is how
the variables line up and that's what we
have to work with all we have are these
variables that's the way they're lined
up we just have to deal with what we
have president Trump comes into that
situation grabs the box that has all the
variables and he goes now what do we
have now people watching this say my god
he's just adding randomness and
unpredictability and you know he's all
over the place he's saying one thing
he's flip-flopping all over the place
and that's the shaking of the box part
when it's done the variables have lined
up in a different configuration the
president looks at it again and he says
hmm yeah no that's not quite what I need
yet shakes it again now in theory let's
just talk about this conceptually if you
were the one shaking the box and this is
the important part the part I've never
really said explicitly
if you're the only person in the
conversation who can pick up the box and
shake it how often will you win
everybody else is playing different
rules they're playing you know they're
doing what they do but only one person
in the conversation can actually shake
the box in the long run how often does
the Box the shaker win a hundred percent
he pursues a strategy that has a hundred
percent chance of working in the long
run it's sort of like what I call the
the slot machine that you don't have to
put money into imagine you went to Vegas
and you know you sit in front of a slot
machine and for some reason that's
broken and it won't take your money but
it will pay out so life is like the slot
machine that won't take your money but
it will pay out as you know as often as
machines pay out how often will you win
on a machine that doesn't take your
money you can just keep pulling it until
you get a until you get a payout how
often will you win 100% of the time so
long as nothing stops you from
continuing to pull so with the shake the
box theory of management the president
just keeps shaking the box you saw with
you see with immigration you see with
everything there's a lot of box shaking
going on until he gets the configuration
he wants nobody else can shake that box
and then he's done all right analogies
are not meant to persuade they're meant
to illustrate a point which is how I
just used it yeah so when people don't
understand what he's doing or they say
it doesn't look like there's a strategy
or they say you know he's changed his
mind or he doesn't understand the
concept or he's all over the place it's
really all just the same thing it's all
him just deciding when to shake the box
and then when he gets what he want he is
done shaking now here's another little
observation that just I just thought of
it for no reason did you notice that
when the president announced Kavanagh as
his nomination for the Supreme Court did
you notice that from beginning to end
he was completely presidential you
noticed that right his mode was
completely presidential then you noticed
that when he does his his rallies he
goes into stand-up comedian mode
what do stand-up comedians do to get
laughs they say things that are a little
bit naughty er a little bit more
provocative a little bit meaner than you
think should be said in public you know
it's almost like they're saying okay
nobody's supposed to say this so that's
why it's funny because I'm saying the
thing that nobody says that's what
triggers your oh my god there's
something wrong with this but he said it
anyway that's exactly what I think the
president just uses the stage comedians
method of of exaggerating thoughts
exaggerating attitudes etc so when he
says stuff like you know that protester
or you know in the old days we'd punch
them and rough him up he is playing to
the audience as a stand-up comedian does
saying something you shouldn't say for a
fact because it makes the audience to
have a good time now there is a danger
in that because if you're not quite in
your right mind you might think oh he's
telling us to go out and hurt somebody
but we haven't seen a lot of that
happening so it makes me think that the
people who attend the rallies understand
the context all right this is just for
fun that's what the rallies are the
rallies are just for fun and he gets his
message out through the media but it's
mostly just for fun for the people who
attempt at this point it's not for votes
so much and then we see him change his
mode for every situation I loved
watching the video of him dressing down
NATO and watching everybody sit there
like they were that
being chastised that mode where he's
completely in control of the room and
and and he's got a point to make and
he's just laying it out there with not
even the slightest amount of hesitation
embarrassment or there were there was
just nothing it was a complete
unfiltered honesty that they just
weren't used to seeing now some of that
is frankly American you know there's a
bluntness that's typically American and
then on top of that you have the New
York attitude and on top of that you
have president Trump's own personality
so that was a dose of bluntness that
they're not used to see him so that was
but you saw that he created he became
that character for for the the purpose
of that meeting and I just need to go
and read one tweet because this makes me
think of it let's see if I can find
president Trump's tweet there's so many
of them I give me just a moment it was
the one about the layer the layer let's
find it
Trump layer if I just yeah if I just all
I did was search for Trump and layer so
you've heard the phrase that the that a
certain political sides have a narrative
they say oh the Democrats have a
narrative about this story and the
Republicans have a narrative and the
news has a narrative now when you talk
about a narrative you know it's a sort
of figurative language that harkens back
to fiction right so a novel has a
narrative and ambu
he has a narrative but on this this
tweet in which when when President Trump
talks about the FBI have you noticed
that his tweets sound like a movie
narration now think about it if you read
his tweets mostly about the FBI
situation because the whole FBI
situation reads sort of like a you know
the movie his tweets define the
situation just like a movie here's an
example this is the president's tweet
from July 10th he goes I am on Air Force
One flying to NATO and he reports that
the FBI lovers Peter struck at Lisa
Paige are getting cold feet on testing
them but testifying about the rigged
witch hunt headed by 13 angry Democrats
and people that work for Obama for 8
years total disgrace but can you hear
that almost you know if you take away
the fact these flying to NATO which was
just introduction you can hear this in
almost movie narration voice can't you
you know the here it is a movie
narration voice FBI lovers Peter
sprocket Lisa Paige are getting cold
feet about testifying about the rigged
witch hunt headed by 13 angry Democrats
and people that work for Obama for eight
years if you read his other tweets they
all feel like movie narration and I
don't think that's an accident he takes
on his movie narration voice sometimes
when he's doing his tweets about that
story and it actually turns it into sort
of a movie in our mind because you know
stories and movies are very influential
so he is creating the the script or
interpreting the script in movie form
because when he does that it just
becomes solid in your mind you're like
yeah the 13 angry Democrats and the
lovers struck and Paige the fact that he
keeps referring to them as lovers is a
little bit about making the point
that there was something unprofessional
it's a little bit about that but it's a
lot about turning it into actually a
movie form that you'll never be able to
get out of your head
amazing persuasion technique here let's
start change the topic so Candice Owens
did interesting tweets that i retweeted
and let me read her original tweets so
that I don't paraphrase it incorrectly
so Candice says
objectively speaking it's quite
terrifying to realize that a good
portion of Americans quite literally
hate our president simply because their
media programmed them to what else might
the problem might the media program to
do how easily hacked is the human brain
so this is so Candice is its taking it
up a level now of course the big mistake
that most people make which I would say
Candice did not make although you have
to you have to watch for it she did not
make this mistake but the big mistake
people make is to think that one side in
I'm talking about the left and the right
politically the big mistake is to assume
that one side is programming its viewers
and like you're reprogramming their
brains but the other side it's just
facts I I'm glad I'm watching the one
that has all the facts and those other
people are getting reprogrammed I see my
comments just disappeared oh they're
back cooking and so Candice did not do
that because she talked about you know
the media programming us etc so that's a
general enough statement that that's
sort of the the highest level of
understanding right now she's she's
talking specifically about them
programming people to hate the president
so it's a specific point but the the
general concept she introduced
is that were being programmed by the
media she keeps a general which is the
right way to do it now somebody on
Twitter saw this and said no no most
people have a they have a bias and then
they seek out a media that has the same
bias because that's the comfortable one
so it's not the media programming the
people it's people who are already like
that we're just finding the media they
like best to which I say I agree that's
how it starts so there are people who
almost certainly have the same political
leanings as their parents and their town
and they're you know they're friends
so people first get their bias maybe
there's there's some part of this that's
genetic I think there's a genetic
component to things like risk-taking and
need for protection versus being
aggressive and you know so there may be
some biological propensity I'm not sure
that's true
but it feels like it might be so there
might be something biological and then
on top of that you get born into a
family that indoctrinates you with
however the family believes even if
they're not doing it intentionally you
pick it up for your parents and your
family so people come to the news with a
bias that's pretty pretty baked in but
when they talk about a specific topic as
in what is the headline today that part
the specific way to interpret today's
topic that comes from the news the news
tells you how to think when was the last
time just think about this and I'm
pausing for effect when was the last
time you saw an individual not on TV
just somebody you know it might be on
Twitter but you know just a real person
not a media person when was the last
time you saw a real person state a
political opinion that did not exactly
match
their preferred news source in other
words when was the last time you saw
somebody with a whole new opinion where
you said whoa I haven't even heard that
on the news like I don't think either
side is even saying that you're you're
the only person saying that somebody
says I do it all the time and you might
maybe so Dershowitz
yeah Dershowitz is a special case in
Dershowitz case he's just following the
law so it's amazing you know what it's
notable that he's willing to be on you
know the left or the right depending
which way the law takes them right so so
Dershowitz is amazing just in that sense
that he's willing to follow the law
instead of following the pack but he
still is just following the law so I'm
not sure that's an independent opinion
versus someone who knows what the law is
that feels like a special case there
Tucker breaks ranks sometimes I think
that's fair say yeah so the fact that
you didn't have many examples of it some
of you said me now the reason you would
say me has probably more to do with the
fact that I don't belong to a political
party i sample both sides of the media
and I talk about persuasion so it seems
like I have a a different niche yeah so
we can think of a few people yeah we'll
talk about evolution in a moment
Ann Coulter yeah I think so no but the
trouble is that Ann Coulter is the media
so when Ann Coulter says something she
sort of is the media and you know
arguably I am too at this point but when
was the last time you heard an
individual just someone who was not on
television not
periscope does not write about this for
a living who had just a completely
different opinion yeah most of you are
just pointing out famous people who
sometimes break ranks and those are good
examples Joe Rogan is a good example
that but you you rarely will see your
coworker come up with an opinion you
hadn't heard before
it's very rare right and that should
tell you that people are getting their
opinions somewhere most of us are
programmed by the media all right now
the question the Candice asks which is
sort of the the the point of it is if
you can make half the country hate a
president and think that half of the
country are Nazis if you can do that
what is the limit to what you can do now
how much can you program people and let
me answer the question Hitler you know I
hate to use Hitler as an example because
if you know whatever you use Hitler for
an example you you say to yourself you
know I've I've left the field of reason
but in this one example Hitler does
serve as the extreme example of how
brainwashed you can make your own people
so certainly the the Nazis and the
Germans and the people who were on
Hitler's side and the ones who actually
believed in it were effectively
brainwashed into something amazing
and it wasn't hard it wasn't hard for
that to happen all right here's the
controversial part of my periscope I
save this for the end so that the people
who are weak have already signed off the
people who don't care the people don't
have my context and the people who will
not understand why oh by the way you've
probably noticed on Twitter and other
places that people disagree with me you
know a lot so you see people disagreeing
with me all the time but the number of
those people who disagree with what I've
actually said or what I actually
we believe you know accurately this is
very rare have you ever noticed that
that the number of people who say or act
like they're disagreeing with me is you
know Lots like every single day
lots of people pretend they're
disagreeing with me and I don't even
know if they believe it but they're
almost never on even the same point it's
kind of weird isn't it if you watch for
it
yeah sometimes they just come in to
insult me and they say well yesterday
that the classic one was they'll retweet
something I said
and they'll say I've now lost all
respect for you and there's no reason
like what part of the tweet did you
disagree with
now if now I know from experience that
if I were to get that person in a
conversation the person who says I've
lost all respect for you now and say
what exactly is it there's nearly a
hundred percent chance there what they
would describe is their
misinterpretation of what they think I'm
thinking almost every time close to a
hundred percent time alright so let's
talk about evolution now when I talk
about evolution when I talk about
evolution I get more angry comments
about that than anything and part of it
is because people nobody likes to hear
an argument that makes their team look
wrong so you'll get hatred if you have a
reasonable argument about what that why
the other side was wrong and let me tell
you something I don't know if I've ever
admitted this but I'm gonna admit it for
the first time when I wrote my book the
Dilbert future I think it was 1997 and
it came out and I had a number of
predictions and I put one prediction in
there that I knew it would be
controversial I did not know how
controversial it would be and just as I
was
that nearly a hundred percent of the
disagreement is disagreement and angry
disagreement with a misperception of
what I said
so for however many you know years this
has been going on since I wrote that
book people have been so mad at me for
things I don't I don't believe and did
not say but they they think they
understand it and they're mad at but
what what I predicted was that the
theory of evolution which I consider a
scientific fact and when I say it's a
scientific fact I mean that within the
rules of science as science has
described its own domain it calls a
theory that has so much evidence for it
a fact so in science a theory doesn't
mean something that might be true and
might not be in science the word theory
means that has already passed all of the
checks and balances so that within the
theory of science it could be called the
fact so when I say evolution is a
scientific fact I mean that internal to
the way science works and how they use
words the word fact fits their own
definition of what effect is and what a
theory is so I accept that the
scientific consensus is what science
says that is different from being true
something can be a scientific theory
with so much evidence that for all
practical purposes scientists call it a
fact but because they call it that and
because it has lots of evidence is
slightly different from whether it's
true something could be false and have
plenty of evidence that maybe later
they'll find out wasn't good evidence
but at the moment it's it's considered
true within the theory of science okay I
said my prediction 1997 ish that
scientists
would debunk evolution in my lifetime
now let me tell you why I made that
prediction I made it and this is part
I've never really said in public that
was a dart board prediction I simply
took the least likely thing that would
be debunked and then said it would be so
my entire process here was I said what
is the least likely thing the science
will never say well we were wrong we got
that wrong the least likely thing and I
thought probably evolution and so I made
a prediction that the least likely thing
the thing that has the most evidence for
it I mean tremendous amount of evidence
I said that the most certain thing in my
lifetime will be shown to be false now
you can imagine how much criticism I got
from that people stopped reading Dilbert
I was just lampooned and you know
completely just destroyed in various
skeptic magazines etc and then I waited
now I knew that that would be
controversial but I figured I'll just
wait and the the thinking behind it was
that pretty much everything you're
positive about in science will probably
be wrong in the future so when people
say why did you pick on evolution it was
because it was so unlikely to be
debunked that's why I said it was been
debunked because it would be the best
example of this concept the concept
being that everything you think is true
probably isn't you know the things that
are true are the things that you could
test and say all right if I if I let go
in this ball I believe that gravity is
true and the ball will fall and then you
let go of it in the false
evolution is one of those things where
it's true and it passes the tests of
science but mostly you're looking
backwards you know you it's hard to
evolve you know evolve a lizard into a
person than the laboratory to make sure
you're true because the the length of
time involved you can do you know small
things and you can watch you know maybe
some some viruses evolve and stuff like
that but you can't see the big stuff so
there are two things that have happened
recently that are notable one is the the
simulation theory simulation theory for
those very few of you who haven't heard
it is the idea that our reality as we
experience it might be a computer type
simulation designed by a higher-level
species and we think we're real but
we're just created you know we in a in a
virtual reality kind of way and we're
just programs now if we were just
programs that would certainly explain
why we don't have free will because free
will wouldn't be a thing within a
computer game now it doesn't answer the
question if we were created by someone
else who created them but I don't need
to answer that question because we're
just talking about us and the simulation
theory simply says this that it seems
almost guaranteed that our current
civilization whether it's real or
simulated will create the ability to
create other simulations that will act
and and you know they will act in every
way as though they're they're real and
maybe internally program
programmatically internally they will
also have something called feelings that
when you ask them this you ask the
simulation do you feel something the
simulation will say yes and when you
poke it with something I guess you'd
have to poke it with some computer code
the simulation will go WOW and so for
all practical purposes the simulation
will be real to itself it won't be real
to the
observer but but it will believe itself
real it will feel and will act real it
will evolve well if it's possible for us
to do it and we're right on the cusp of
being able to do it certainly in our
lifetime we'll be able to do it creating
this fully simulated civilization well
as soon as that simulated civilization
is created it will start evolving to the
point where it too can create a
simulation so each simulation will
create a new simulation and it could
happen at the speed of light because
computer program doesn't have to live by
you know the external world's rules of
physics so in all likelihood since we
know it will be possible to create such
simulations it's probably a you know a
billion to one or a trillion to one
there were an actual original species
because for every original species the
number of simulations that it spawns
might be somewhere between infinite and
you know hundreds billions thousands so
purely on a mathematical basis there's a
reason that the smartest people in the
world Elon Musk for example and other
smart people who will not say it
publicly trust me when I tell you that
if I talk privately
to the most brilliant people I know
almost all of them believe in the
simulation theory I know you don't want
to hear that but if you take the people
who are not just in the top 1% of
intelligence but like crazy smart and
you talk to them privately they'll tell
you yeah simulation it's the only one
that makes sense just because in the
math it's the math anyway so if
simulation the theory is true then the
theory of evolution as we understand it
actually doesn't even make sense
and if simulation theory is true what
you'd expect because the the computer
programmers need to conserve resources
you don't have infinite resources so one
of the things you would do is that you
would have your history on demand
meaning that we don't necessarily have a
real history
it's just that when we need to have a
history it's created as needed and
sometimes two people will have different
memories and that's because two
different histories were created and
they didn't match up and then you know
we we negotiate and I say well you must
be crazier than me so why don't you
adopt my history oh wait here's an email
that proves that my history was right
then the other person says oh okay I
adopt your history so it's entirely
possible that we're in fact not possible
far more likely that we are a simulation
and if we are our history and all the
evolution stuff is a perception it's not
necessarily something that happened in
the way a real world happens over time
but there was something even more
interesting lately so even if you don't
believe the simulation hypothesis
something fascinating is happening
within this scientific community that
understands and works with evolution so
what I'm going to talk about now is what
scientists who deal with evolution are
looking at not outside of science within
silent science now one of the things
that they're they think they know and
this is mind-blowing is that humans did
not start from one source and that's
something that was you know an early
human type may have started in several
different completely unrelated parts of
the planet and that these not quite
human but humanoid creatures eventually
you know populated and spread until they
had contact with each other and
sometimes they couldn't mate hold on are
you telling me yes I am Scott that the
current people who are experts on
evolution are saying that humanoids
developed on completely different
as in completely different places and
still when they got together they could
have a baby
you think now the old the old thinking
about in the end Ruth all's and humans
and I might have this wrong it's a good
chance I have this wrong is I think the
older thinking was that whether you were
Denisovan Nora or Homo erectus or
Neanderthal or whatever you were that
all of those came back to the same
character and that maybe they you know
after that after the original creature
they came from that and they spread out
but they were still close enough that
they could have babies if they ran into
each other
and that makes sense right you know we
were we were one kind of creature but we
came a little bit different but we never
got so different we couldn't have babies
and that eventually that collapsed all
of the you know all the different
species into the the winning species
that makes sense but it turns out that
we didn't all come from that one you
know Lucy or whatever was the the
proto-human if we started in all
different places what are the odds that
we evolved in a way that we can mate
alright now this is preliminary and
everybody who will be my critic coming
in here will say something which I will
agree with so I'm gonna criticize my
firt myself first people like me should
not be talking about science I'm not a
scientist I don't know enough so when
you're listening to anything I say you
should you know she put that filter on
it's like I'd better check this with
somebody who knows what they're doing so
I'm talking about it like a citizen not
a scientist so I allow that I could be
completely off base on this yeah I could
be completely off base on this but how
do the evolutionists explain that these
humanoids could could be you know
growing up in completely different parts
of the planet and still be close enough
that they can have a baby you know keep
in mind that
that you know dogs and cats look you
know kind of close in a weird you know
approximate way but they can't have
babies right wasn't completely separate
now there is one theory that says that
the aliens came down and they seeded
various places and just to see what
would happen maybe or maybe we're just a
simulation so the simulation theory
explains everything
because in the simulation theory there
is not an actual history which we're
discovering and trying to figure it out
but rather it's being written as we
discover some bones you know somebody
digs at the ground and they find some
bones and they say okay how does this
fit in oh it doesn't fit now I have to
rewrite my history ok now it fits and
then you find another fossil and you're
like oh the way I rewrote it doesn't fit
now now I got to rewrite it again
so simulation theory allows you to
continually rewrite your history does it
look like that's what's happening does
to me wolf and dog wolf and dog came
from the same source if if wolves and
dogs had had sort of separately evolved
from fish you know so if one part of the
world there were like fish and
amphibians and they they turned into
wolves and then a completely other part
of the world fish turned into amphibians
that turned into dogs there's there any
chance that the dog and that sample and
the wolf could have a baby
maybe but doesn't it seem doesn't it
seem unlikely all right so that's my my
observation on that so you all saw the
story yesterday I did my periscope on
that in which the president tweeted
about ex-fbi layer lisa page you might
think it was supposed to be a lawyer you
might think it was a typo yeah my
he meant it and it was clever as far as
I know it hasn't been corrected and
certainly it would be corrected if he
didn't mean it where he didn't he didn't
like the way it came out either way but
in my weird world and you'd have to you
have to admit my world is pretty weird
and by the way you have no idea how
weird it is just imagine all the things
that I talk about and then imagine 10
times that are the things I can't talk
about you know the amount of weirdness
that comes into my life or passes
through it's mind-boggling and I you
know I can only tell you 10% of it was I
talking about
Oh layer so I tweeted about the
president's tweet in which he spelled
lawyer as layer intentionally or not and
then yeah Don jr. retweeted my tweet
suggesting that it was intentional and
then the next thing I know I'm part of
the story so I'm looking at the Daily
Caller I've got a Google Alert that
kicks up anytime I mentioned and and you
know the Daily Caller has a story that's
you know at least a large part about me
so you know that most of you are just
watching the news but you have to can
you imagine how what a strange feeling
it is to not just watch the news but
then I I sort of become part of it like
the news actually becomes the news Plus
me and then it becomes a combined news
it is the weirdest feeling and you've
seen it happen quite a bit with me
evolution has never been tested in a lab
yes but that doesn't make it not true
and it doesn't make it not a fact and it
doesn't make it not a theory which
within science means it's essentially a
fact
somebody says I think you talked to the
president on a regular basis as an
unofficial adviser I have never spoken
to the president so I have I have
personally never received any message
directly or indirectly
nor have I sent a message you know like
a private message of some kind to the
president everything I do is either
public or you know I could have
obviously I talked to people who might
be able to talk to people who who matter
but that's that's true of anybody
anybody in the media really that was
complete BS about evolution somebody
says well so you're a good example of
the people who are experiencing
cognitive dissonance so the people who
complained about my comments on
evolution the people whose complaints
are that it's complete BS like every bit
of it is wrong those the people who have
been actually triggered into cognitive
distance now if somebody said oh my
complaint with what you said is this
fact you got wrong or this reason
doesn't follow from this then I would
say to myself oh well let me look at
that you know let me somebody says it's
just a theory not in fact you must be
coming in late within the realm of
science theory in fact being the same
thing that's what the words mean if
you're talking about science if you're
talking about what you and your friends
are doing theory means the opposite all
right in your own personal life theory
means it's not proven when you're
talking about science theory means it's
proven so get get the language right
first you know don't disagree if you
can't get the language right
completely serious where do you see the
pyramids fitting into this
the simulation well the periods the
pyramids fit better into the theory that
we were seeded by alien race or races
all right scientifically proven isn't a
thing yeah that could that could be fair
because science is always a a moving
target but but theory in fact are
treated as the same within science even
though both the theory and the fact can
be overturned
so it doesn't mean it can't change it's
just what it is at the moment somebody's
saying the theory does not equal fact no
your word thinking if you're telling me
that theory does not equal fact you
might be an idiot because I don't think
I could say this any clearer if you're a
scientist you use words differently they
have different meaning than they do for
ordinary people just talking about their
daily life if you can't get that
don't tell me theory doesn't equal fact
all right because you're not you're not
even putting any any brainpower into
this at all I do get mad at just that
one thing because it feels like it's as
simple as one plus one equals two and
then I say it and then some people say
well one thing for sure one plus one
doesn't equal two and I'll say what the
hell was I just saying how could that
not be as clear as as day so I do get
frustrated when people don't even seem
human right whoever just said theory
does not equal a fact that doesn't even
strike me as a human response because a
human would understand that the word
gets used differently in two different
contexts and that couldn't be that could
not be easier to understand
you'd have to be a low and mower not to
understand that who are what spawned the
character Dale just sort of evolved I
don't think it was any one thing all
right
I'm going to sign off for now and today
is gonna be an awesome day interview
Candice now that's a good idea
maybe I will do that if she's up for
that all right talk to you later