good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams it's the
best thing you can do in a Sunday and
all the other days too if you'd like to
take it up to a level that nobody can
even imagine with their tiny human
brains all you need is a copper mugger
glass a tankered shell a Dy and a kinen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here in
the day the thing that makes everything
better is called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh so
good so so
good well I have a little Discovery I
made with the U folks who subscribed to
my content on the locals
platform almost well every day basically
uh I talk to them and see their comments
and I was noticing a pattern and the
pattern was a number of people kept
saying things like uh I decided alcohol
was poisoned and I haven't had a drink
for you know three months then people
started saying I stopped eating wheat
and sugar just to experiment and I lost
this morning 11bs in one week 11b every
one week and then we then we sort of
celebrate it you know when one of the
people on locals does well and I
realized that we've created an
artificial
version of the effect where the The Five
People You spend the most time with are
the ones that influence you so there
there is some science if you believe it
or not that if you hang around with
people who are not doing well it'll drag
you down to their average and I say not
doing well in every way way right from
ambition to Fitness to eating to
exercise that sort of stuff but it turns
out we've created this little artificial
it's accidental it wasn't part of the
plan but just the nature of how things
evolve the folks on locals are getting
immensely
healthier if you told me that would be
one of the outcomes of having my own
little you know channel of subscribers I
really wouldn't have guessed that but
but there seems to be an immense
effect of some kind of group
motivation but there's also a social
proof that comes with it because almost
every day the other people who haven't
yet made any change in their life are
watching the comments of the people who
do and really simple changes just take
wheat and sugar out of your diet and
processed foods for a couple weeks and
just see how you feel that's it that's
it that's the whole ask just see how it
feels for a couple weeks if you feel
better keep doing doing it if you don't
well it's up to you so you know no
pressure but people are feeling the the
social
effect uh not only of identifying with a
group that seems to be favoring you know
healthy activity but uh being motivated
and getting that social proof so somehow
accidentally we've created some you know
massively useful Health outcome nobody
saw it coming it just sort of created on
own well here's a little update
everybody keeps talking about the Sora
AI that allows you to make a video just
by putting some text in and the examples
are just wildly amazing and the text you
might enter would be something like uh a
unicorn walks down the street of New
York City and then there it is however
there was one thing I suspected about it
that I saw what I think is a
confirmation which is it's not read
if you think you can make a movie out of
it here's the
problem at the moment it only does you
know a minute at a time but we are quite
sure that that's a temporary limit so at
some point you'll be able to say make a
movie Out of This Book which is what I
plan to do with one of my books God's
debris uh when the technolog is ready
I'm just going to feed it the PDF and
say make a book or make a movie an of it
now here's the thing
um as David Saxon the all-in podcast was
explaining I think he's right and I
think I'm right because I was suspecting
the same thing you can't edit it so
apparently that's built into the nature
of the large language models so here's
what you can do you could say you know
there's a unicorn walking through the
streets at New York City and then it
will present one but suppose you say to
yourself uh it should be let's say 10
years in the
future so you want to adjust you want to
keep everything that you like but maybe
make the cars look more modern can't do
it you'd have to do a whole new movie so
you'd have to put it into your prompt
and say the cars are from the 80s uh in
it's New York City and there's a unicorn
but the second time it draws the unicorn
and the second time it draws New York
City it won't be similar to the first
time not even a little it'll just be a
brand new idea so you don't have the
ability to tweak it or edit it which
means it can't be used to make a movie
because making a movie is mostly
tweaking editing right the editing is at
least the half of the process so not
only can the large language models not
edit but apparently the nature of how
they create their intelligence in the
first place should preclude that that
possibility so you would you know your
normal instinct is well I can't do it
now but obviously they'll be able to
solve that maybe
not so th this is the thing I was
suspecting I was kind of suspecting it
might not be editable which makes it
useless so unless it it magically
creates a you know a hit movie on one
try you can't you can't tweak it so I
don't know that we're really close to it
we might be just creating what um I
think chamoth called on the all-in
podcast I think he called it marketing
wear I've called it demo Weare for a
while now you can demonstrate what you
think it might be able to do in the
future but it can't
now but maybe it can't
ever uh I think we may have reached a
point where it's demonstrating things
that it won't ever be able to do you
know more like every corporation in
America all right so keep an eye on
that Argentina with its new uh new
Wildman president m m he just achieved a
balanced budget for the first time in
over a decade and he did it by freezing
spending at 2023 levels and then cutting
a bunch of uh agencies by over
50% and I thought to myself wait a
minute you can actually do that how do
you even have the power to do that I
don't even understand how that was
possible in their system
but okay
so now when you hear something like V
saying he wants to cut something you
know the FBI by 75% or something it
sounds actually practical doesn't it now
we have to watch and see if it works
yeah we don't know if it's going to work
it could make things worse but there's
plenty of anecdotal
evidence tell me tell me if you've ever
heard a story like the one I'm going to
tell a completely different story but
tell me if you've ever in your
experience heard a story like this
here's my version see if you you have a
version of your own I used to work in a
big hotel when I was a Youngster in my
uh college Years and in the Summers I'd
uh be in the salad room cutting cutting
up us for salads basically because we
need we needed a lot of salads in the
hotel and I just be cutting stuff up all
day and one day one of our group of I
think it was there were I think there
were five of us and one person
quit and my boss who was one of the
coolest bosses of all time came over and
she said here's the deal uh I can either
hire another person to replace the
person who left which is kind of extra
work for me or the rest of you could
share the salary of the person who quit
and will just make you work
harder and and every one of us just
looked at each other and said yes
because it turns out that the ones who
were left are the ones who are really
killing it you know I always kind came
in early you I never miss a day of work
I cut salads just the way they're
supposed to be cut you know I didn't
mess around too much and the other my
co-workers were that same person it so
let me ask you this and you know the
answer you already know the answer how
easily did the four of us do the work of
the
five super
easy what no effort whatsoever couldn't
even tell the difference didn't even
know the difference right now how many
times have you heard the story about
some corporation that massively cut
their department and it worked
better
right yeah the xplatform Twitter exactly
yeah it's a fairly common story because
the reality is that the people who do
good work are a minority of your every
group and if you get rid of the people
who are the sort of the
excess you end up better not worse so I
do think that the vake method is real
and we'll we'll see very quickly if the
m method
works so because simulation is kind to
us and gives us good stories that we
think are a reality uh you know the
story of President Trump uh losing in
his lawsuit and now he's going to have
to pay something like four to 500
million you know depending on interest
and what gets added to it and all that
stuff so the same week that what would
be more than 100% of all of his cash
we're told is now owed to somebody the
SEC cleared the uh is it a merger or an
acquisition of Trump's truth social by a
larger entity that's hard to explain and
Trump's value in
that uh could
be 3.5
billion so let me do the math Trump lost
half a billion is
this week is that like the worst week
you've ever heard your in your life can
you imagine a week where you lose half a
billion dollars to
Absolute you know illegitimate process
how angry you'd be
unless
unless that same illegitimate process
wait for the fun part there's a fun part
You' really be mad if an illegitimate
government process caused you to lose
half a billion dollars unless unless
that exact same corrupt government
caused you to be so censored on the
xplatform that eventually you had to
create your own social media entity
which is now worth 3.5
billion so by screwing him as hard as
they could up to the tune of half a
billion
dollars he managed to probably triple
his net
worth because he
monetized their
evil he
monetized their
evil that's a real
thing have I ever told you he's an
energy
monster here it is yeah do do you need
better evidence then they threw every
bit of bad energy at him cost him half a
billion dollars this week just alone I
mean think of all the other legal
expenses if you add up all of his legal
expenses it's at least half a billion
and and he managed to use that same
energy you know which had been coming at
him for years now he managed to turn
that energy into his own social media
Empire which although it's much smaller
than x and is not profitable yet but
still valued at $3.5 billion as part of
a larger entity which has its own value
of course so it's a more complicated
story
but am I wrong that that's what
happened that I've been telling you
since 2016 he's an energy monster and
you don't know what's happening because
the more energy you throw at him the
stronger he gets this is the perfect
example it's the perfect
example well now let me ask you again uh
because this is so important to the
Future and our understanding of reality
how many of you now have seen the Mike
Ben's uh interview on Tucker Tucker
show Mostly yeses have you noticed that
it's getting bigger and not
smaller at least on X yeah I think it
hasn't crossed over to any other media
has it correct me if I'm wrong but
except for the podcast Universe uh the
Mike Ben thing which is the biggest news
maybe in human
civilization it might be it might
actually be the biggest news
story not just in
America and well Me Maybe the Holocaust
is a bigger news story it's hard I don't
like to compare anything to the
Holocaust so we'll just put that aside
for a moment um it might be the biggest
story in human
civilization you know when you look at
all of the moving parts to
it and I think he's going to be
completely shut out from the mainstream
media because that's what his story was
his story is that the mainstream media
can just change reality and they're
doing it right now they're just
completely shutting him
out um but here's what the let's say the
big accounts on X are saying something
very similar
I heard a lot of hype about this
video and it is
Justified now a lot of people said some
version of that like these are the
bigger accounts saying oh okay people
said this was a big deal but it's a much
bigger deal than I thought it was now I
might be the person who hyped it the
most anybody notice I don't think
anybody hyped it large bigger than I did
you want to know how about how much I
hyped
it let me read you my pinned so it's my
pinned thing it's going to stay there
for a long time so you know I linked
linked to Tucker's interview with Mike
Ben and here's how I introduced it
because I didn't want to take a chance
you wouldn't watch
it so see how much persuasion you could
call it hype is in my post I said this
is the most extraordinary thing I've
ever seen now doesn't that make you
automatically doubt whatever is going to
come
next because really really Scott is it
is it really the most extraordinary
thing you've ever
seen it actually
is it literally is but I'm going to have
to back that up right so my my first
sentence is is the most extraordinary
thing I've ever seen I'm going to have
to say more about that and so I do I
said I'm not
exaggerating because that's what you're
were thinking
right so that so I answer you I answer
you before you have to ask because I
know you're thinking it so that's always
good good communication technique is to
know the question that you just put in
somebody's head because you created the
question in your head by what you said
and then you answer it it's good
technique anyway and then I said this is
like a mushroom trip without the
mushrooms now now that takes you head to
a different place doesn't it because I
just said it's the most extraordinary
thing you thought oh it's an interesting
news story
nope nope it's not an interesting news
story it's a it's a
freaking it's a psychedelic experience
because it'll take your brain somewhere
you didn't think your brain could go so
I wanted people to know that this is not
news it's an experience
how many would agree having watched it
that it's an experience does that sound
right now watch the comments yeah so so
if you haven't watched it yet watch it's
100% yes it's not really like content in
the way you normally think of it it's
not news in the way you think of it or
investigative reporting in the way you
normally it's actually an
experience because it's actually
packaged and presented in a way that
just makes you feel something that's
just incredible
you know so
anyway then I said clear your schedule
tonight and listen together why did I
say
together name my technique what's the
technique when I said watch it
together what happens in your
mind it draws you a picture of who
you're with like a spouse or something
like that so you don't have to of course
listen together but because I put a
picture in your mind of watching it
together I elevated how important it is
and I made it
visual because making it visual is goes
the long way to making it real if you
could imagine it you're more likely to
do it so I made you imagine it by giving
you the together word which you filled
in the blank with the person you would
most think you'd want to watch it
with and then I went for the kill shot I
know usually persuade this
hard but I decided to just put the
hammer down on this one so if you want
to know what it looks like when I pull
out all the stops it looks like this
because I don't do it that often but
this is this is me being absolutely
overtly
transparently full persuasion yeah and
nobody's going to be confused or fooled
by it you can see I'm doing it and then
I here's the kill shot I said in a week
everyone who has not listened to this
will look like an idiot to everyone who
has there's your Kill
Shot nobody wants to feel like an idiot
everybody wants to have an experiences
like mushrooms with an the mushrooms
everybody wants to have the most
extraordinary thing they ever had and
then I made them picture themselves
doing it in the future with somebody
they
enjoy because if it's somebody they
enjoy I'm using the uh the unearned
credit of how you feel about the person
you'd watch it with oh that's my loved
one I love doing things with that person
and then I paired it with my idea that
it would be with this content and now
the goodness of that person and the
content become a little merged and that
ladies and gentlemen is full persuasion
did it work it's got 4.1 million
views yeah it worked do you know how
hard it is to get somebody to watch an
hour a
video it's
hard it's really hard now it's Tucker
right so getting somebody to watch
Tucker thing if they're watching my feed
is not as hard as it would be for
something else but we're going to juice
this thing until it's in everybody's
mind and it is the theme of the rest of
my presentation today and the theme is
that once you've seen the I'm going to
call it the Mike Ben frame that you
understand the mass censorship uh
structure you understand the Atlantic
Council you understand all of the
non-government entities in the soros's
funding and how together it creates this
uh really almost
unbreakable wall around real information
so that they can give you any
misinformation they
want all right so America First legal
that's the Steven Miller legal
organization that's fighting legal
battles on behalf of
Republicans uh posted this now we're
going to tie it all together remember
everything everything is under the
framework of the Mike Ben's frame
because because once you're in that
frame everything makes sense for the
first time that's why it's so
mind-blowing right so there's a group
named sisa cisa I won't get into the
details of that but just suffice to say
a bunch of Democrats created a group
they had some power over some
governmental decisions they recommended
knowing that they knew they knew the
in-person voting didn't spread Co I
think we know they knew that because of
some internal documents but I could use
a fact check on that I I don't think
there's I don't think America First is
speculating what they knew like mind
reading I believe there's a document
that says they understood the
science um they also knew that mailin
votes are less secure which I also
believe is not based on any mindreading
speculation I believe they're actual
documents of them saying they understand
that but I think everybody understands
it there's there's nobody who wouldn't
understand
that so then they supported a policy
change to a less secure system to solve
a problem that they knew didn't exist
which is the risk of voting in
person and then they formed a uh
essentially a uh a network of of tools
to censor the narratives against mailin
voting so just think of think of how
many pieces of evil this took number one
creating a fake organization which you
know purports to do something useful but
really is a political tool that's evil
number
one uh knowing that inperson voting is
not a problem but acting like it is evil
number two knowing that uh mail and
voting is less secure but wanting to do
it anyway that's number three supporting
the policy change is I suppose almost
the fourth one but we won't count that
one and then they censor the narratives
that say that might be a problem that's
four and then they ruin the lives of the
people who are the people who might be
talking about stuff like this that's
five that's five
extraordinary alleged pieces of
evil that's a lot of evil that's just
one
organization of a whole bunch of
organizations that Mike Ben describes as
part of this censorship effort and as
you know censorship is total
control if you can if you can control
the information in a country you control
everything would you agree you don't
need to control the money directly you
don't need to control the you know the
politicians directly if you can control
the
information you can change the
politicians you can change what the
politicians vote for you can change
anything so CH so in controlling the
information is a
coup let me say it again in in the
modern
world taking control of the information
process of any
country is a coup it's not it's not like
a coup it is the coup because
controlling the physical body is
somewhat irrelevant once you control the
information because the rest just comes
automatically right let me give you an
example if you can control information
then I can say did you drive a blue car
today oh yeah I did oh a blue car is the
color of terrorists so I'm going to
arrest you and put you in jail for
obviously being a member of a terrorist
organization wait what what yeah no your
argument won't ever be heard wait what
that's right you can put anybody in jail
for anything you want as long as you
control the narrative because the public
wouldn't know anything was going
wrong so here's what uh raspon reports
reminds us that the uh Hartland
Institute this is a recent did a study
of survey results and it found that
mailin ballot fraud significantly
impacted the results of the 2020
election and that Trump would have
almost certainly one without the massive
often illegal expansion of mailin voting
the often illegal
part is that um you know there was sort
of some emergency covid things that
wouldn't normally happen that made
things less secure let's
say now now add to that the obvious
lawfare against
Trump and you can see the Mike Ben's
narrative in full force right you you
can see how the the censorship
industrial complex by simply controlling
knowledge and information can make
anything else
happen it can it moves all the other
parts of the machine so they only have
to control the
information and now they do so now they
have a complete control now you're
saying to me but
Scott uh obviously they don't control
the
information because you're talking about
this in public right how many of you
thought that how many thought well this
doesn't make sense because you're
actually in public right now saying all
the things you say would be suppressed
if there were this alleged big
censorship blob
right well um I noticed that I was
getting a lot less interaction with
democrats for the last number of
months and so I did a little survey on
uh the xplatform I asked people how many
who were seeing my post were
Democrats and the answer came back
4% now do you think it was
4% five years ago no no it was closer to
maybe you know 20 or 30% little little
bit closer to the nature of the country
itself do you think do you think that
happened on its
own I don't know why it's happening I I
have several
hypotheses hypothesis number one the
xplatform is compromised by the
intelligence
Services uh I don't know that I'm just
giving you all the possibilities uh the
other possibility is that there's some
Legacy code that affects people like me
and I just don't know it and maybe even
X doesn't know it you maybe must doesn't
know it because remember he said there
was a whole bunch of spaghetti code that
they they were trying to you know
untangle and there was just a whole
bunch of ways they were suppressing
people in different ways they might not
know it might be coincidence however it
wasn't like this
before
so something changed something changed
so I don't think it's Legacy leftover
code something changed now one of the
things that changed was I got
canceled it could be that maybe the
cancel a itself which of course I
believe now because of the Mike Ben's
filter on things I believe was probably
a CIA operation to censor me because I'm
one of the people who consistently says
things that they don't want to hear if
you look at the context of other people
who say things they don't want to hear
all of us have been attacked financially
right Elon Musk 56 billion doll taken
away Trump half a billion dollars taken
away um uh
Alex Jones bankrupted right do you see
the
pattern it's a pretty clear pattern yeah
Mike
Flynn yeah bankrupted probably I don't
know if he was bankrupted but probably
was
expensive Linda yako was NBC before this
somebody said oh Peter Navaro Peter
Navaro
silenced yep Mike
Lindell Roger Stone
you see it now right now given the
context how many of you and and also the
context that zero Republicans ever
complained about the nature of my
cancellation zero not a single one so
now what do you think was the real
reason I got cancelled starting with the
Washington Post the most obvious
CIA connected
entity and who wrote about it the most
Phil bump the same guy who wrote about
the laptop being real even after we knew
it wasn't real Phil bump kept writing
about the laptop being real even after
we knew it wasn't real and he's also the
one that said you know I'm terrible and
the cancellation makes sense so you see
it all them right it's all this yeah
so it's getting more and more
obvious now given that there are a lot
of things that I may have looked at one
way before the Mike Ben's Revelations
and now I see it a different way um I I
see that VI ramaswami and a number of
other prominent people uh want clemency
for Ross
Al now Ross is in jail for life for
building the Silk Road Network so that
people could do things without the
government knowing they were doing them
online unfortunately a lot of the things
I did were sell drugs and you know every
manner of illegal thing because that's
what it was good
for let me ask you this number one why
did he get
life who gets life in prison for a
nonviolent crime even if you created a
tool that somebody else used for
terrible
purposes how many of you knew he was in
jail for
Life how many of you knew that going to
jail for life was even a
thing I I thought if you didn't kill a
room full of
people I thought you couldn't possibly
go to isn't murder a lot less do people
even go to jail for murder for life
anymore I guess it would be a special
case they would
but so the first sketchy part about this
is wait a minute let now put the mic
Ben's filter on it okay so you know that
the most important thing to control is
is the internet so so the CIA knows
who's doing what and
information and then this guy creat
something
that um makes them blind to what's
happening and then he goes to jail for
life is that because if he got out
tomorrow he could build another
one I don't know but even even more
interesting is the number of prominent
people who are advocating for his
clemency is he the only overcharged
person in the prison
system is it because he's a white guy
that that like he's the one that we
think should be
freed well what about yeah I mean well
to be fair vake is also just as he's
just as vocal about the January 6 people
being released as well so he's very
consistent about the unfairly jailed
people however it seems to me that the
reason he's being jailed is sketchy and
the number of people who are so excited
about him but not other people um you
know just in general the J Sixers are a
special case because people are
concerned about them but there must be
there must be tons of people who are
overcharged why why we're all car
about you you all feel there's something
sketchy going it's not just me right
there's something going on that has
something to
do with other
people don't know what it is but it's
big uh under this condition I have been
opposed to his clemency very opposed
because you know as you know my stepson
died of a overdose so I'm not too
friendly with people who uh build a tool
that makes it easier for somebody to
sell
drugs however after the Mike Ben's
framework and when I spent two seconds
looking into it and I said huh in two
seconds I can tell that everything is
wrong with
this now I'm in favor of clemency
because I don't trust my government to
put people in
jail people like this I don't trust my
government enough to believe he should
be in jail for life do I think he did
something that deserves some punishment
yes I do he served 11
years what's the right punishment for
this now I know a lot of people were
hurt by the ability for the criminals to
do their thing more
easily
but if I trusted my
government the the justice system then I
think I think I might trust them with
this I probably say something like I
don't know enough about it I'm sure they
got it right but when you see what
happened to Epstein you see what's
happening to Trump you see what's
happened to Peter Navaro you see what
happened to the January 6 people it
makes the Ross Al thing look completely
different doesn't it so I'm going to
double down on uh
clemency yeah by the way I just so you
know
how radical I am on this um Ross's
mother asked me personally to help on
the clemency and I told her to
off
so this is a pretty big change for me
right I I told his mother that basically
I don't care if her son dies in prison
and I didn't mind saying it at all I
didn't have I didn't have any problem
saying
it
and but there's too much sketchy about
this case and now it's not about the
Silk Road to me now it's about my
government and I don't trust them and
I'd say that even if it were a mistake
to let him out 11 years is
fine I'm good with
11 I'm good with that it's it's time to
figure out what's going on
here all right um so we've got the
newest Russia collusion hoax as you know
there's always a Russia collusion hoax
if you know the Mike Ben's framework you
know that Russia hoaxes are the
mainstream blob thing because they also
hate Russia so if they can tie you to
Russia they get a twofer oh Russia's bad
and you love Russia so you're bad
because Russia's bad and Russia's bad
because we say Russia's bad and they are
bad in some ways but you know it's part
of that
narrative but I but I realize this they
the bad guys actually come up with a
separate hoax for every demographic
group they want to control so there's a
trump uh you know sex hoaxes for the
ladies so we got some grabbin and
stuff like that so the ladies will be
mad at him we've got the race hoax like
the the uh Charlottesville stuff and
that'll keep the uh the black voters on
the sidelines so you got a hoax for the
black people um then you got the the
Russia hoax
itself all the Russia hoaxes now we have
now we've got the NATO Russia hoax
we've got the Trump is responsible for
naal Russia hoax we had the original
Russia collusion hoax there was the
Russia's paying bounties hoax there was
the phone call hoax you know they're all
it's basically one Russia hoax after
another I think the Russia hoaxes work
on the older
generation does that seem fair if you're
a certain age Russia's a scary scary
thing so they've got one for the old
people that's the Russia hoax and now
they've got the serial felon
hoax and that that's sort of a cleanup
hoax and that should take care of all
the people who don't understand how
Banks or Free Speech work which is a lot
of people I mean how many people really
understand
banking not
many and and how many people really
understand you know Free Speech well you
know not completely
so um and why do I say that if a the
serial felon thing is a good hoax for
people who don't understand Banks well
you may have seen a video of Mr
Wonderful Kevin liry from um the same
show that Mark cubin was on the uh
what's I called
the what's the name of the
show the TV show where the Shark Tank
yeah so he was a shark tank guy but also
you know independently hugely successful
investor and he explains to anybody who
was willing to listen
that what Trump did is what all
developers do not just in New
York but all developers all the time
they say my property is worth x amount
and then the bank says we don't think so
and then the bank gets to decide and
that's the whole
thing and as says if if what Trump did
is illegal then every interaction
between every developer and every bank
is illegal because they're all doing it
routinely they're all putting their own
Assets in the best possible light it's
very subjective because nobody knows
what somebody's going to pay for
something until they do that's
completely subjective now the part about
the square footage of the
penthouse to me that would be a silly
thing to lie about it would be such a
silly thing to lie about it doesn't seem
likely that it was anything but a
mistake is my guess I mean I don't know
but I'd have a lot of reasonable doubt
about that if I were not
situation although Reasonable Doubt
probably didn't matter in the civil case
all right
um so there's a new uh fake uh entity uh
this like the fake Patriot front so they
have matching outfits and they carry
Nazi flags and they suddenly appear down
of nowhere um you should expect that at
least one of them will be real because
you know they'll probably at some point
interview somebody or
discover somebody's in the group and
it'll be a real real racist none of us
believe that it's organic
right is there even one person watching
this who after seeing all the hoaxes and
especially watching the Mike Ben's
narrative uh because because one of the
things that a color Revolution does is
it creates fake groups so creating fake
groups to protest or in this case a fake
group to make uh Trump look bad
and to create a predicate for using our
external tools of terrorism internally
so if you don't have any uh any real
racists and white supremacists you
actually have to generate them to
justify using the CIA tools domestically
against Americans and that's what's
happening so I don't think anybody
watching this episode believes that
black lives matter was organic or that
antifa was organic or that the fake
Patriot front was organic or that this
new group whose name I don't even care
about is organic all right they it would
be very unlikely that these are real
it's all part of a longstanding pattern
of fake groups propped up by people that
don't want to be
known but remember don't be fooled by
the fact that they would actually be
real racists they're not all
feds you know it might be half feds or
something but I'm sure there's some real
races
here um Jonathan Turley who talks a lot
about the legal Jeopardy that Trump's in
ETC uh did you
know that uh one of Hunter Biden's
attorneys uh threatened
Turley with a defamation defamation
lawsuit um
and now you see this as part of the
larger attempt by Biden and everybody
associated with them to censor everybody
who has any opinion that they don't want
to hear so turle is probably the best
voice in um simplifying and explaining
the the Biden legal Jeopardy which is
substantial and so sure enough there's a
Biden Associated lawyer who who wants to
threaten him
um but apparently there's information
that Morris his own lawyers weren't too
happy with him this is what tur's
reporting and that he's the one who came
up with this elaborate conspiracy theory
to explain how there was a conspiracy
theory to make the laptop look real when
he may have already known it wasn't real
now I don't know that for sure but I
imagine it would be an ethical violation
if you knew the laptop was real and you
concocted an entire story that you knew
wasn't real that's a conspiracy theory
so here again um I think that Jonathan
tur is in real trouble and I wouldn't be
surprised if there's the Department of
Justice or some other lawfare comes
after
him because he's a little bit too
effective so sure enough he's being
attacked by the people who who want to
destroy anybody who's got a useful
opinion tedl is one of the people
pushing the Absurd idea that because
Trump
invited uh Russia to attack NATO which
didn't happen of course in the real
world it was a
joke that uh you can turn that into
something bad by your attitude now tedl
is a good example of it I'd like to give
you my impression
of a Democrat turning any one of Trump's
jokes or light-hearted comments into
something terrible simply by the face
you make and the attitude you display
are you ready now what tedl did was he
turned uh Trump saying uh no if they
don't pay up their uh if they don't pay
up their dues for NATO uh Putin can do
whatever he wants with him now that
obviously was not serious obviously but
because the um the Democrats always turn
his jokes into something serious Ted Lou
turns that into can you even
believe that he would
invite Russia to attack the United
States oh oh oh it's hurting me to think
about the horribleness of his
light-hearted joke oh so you see it
right they all look like they're
physically in pain simply holding in
their head how horrible the thing Trump
is did when it actually was a joke and
you all know it was a
joke so I'm going to give you my
impression of
Democrats criticizing Trump for a knock
knock
joke oh
oh and I don't know if you saw what he
said but he
actually he seemed he was in favor of
people knocking on your door that you
don't know which is basically a home
invasion and H he's inviting can you
even hold this in your
imagination that there's somebody
running for president and the
Republicans are supporting him and he's
in favor of home invasion
oh oh it hurts me oh the
pain that's every story from Ted
Lou how much pain he's personally in
because of the story he literally made
up based on a joke that Trump told or a
lighthearted
comment and that's the entire uh the
entire msnb Pro MSNBC
programming is is basically face
the Rachel madow
face but Trum Rachel M face oh so bad
and then you just look at their face and
you think man he must be bad look at
that face he must be
bad all right uh do you know why we have
two parties in this
country I have a theory based on the
Mike Ben's
framework that you need to to control
the Democrat Party because they control
the
unions and you need to control the
Republican party because they control
other stuff you know big money stuff
so basically the you know the Deep State
blog whoever it is who's really in
charge they they need Centrist
politicians because the only thing
they're afraid of as populists because
they can control both sides and that
gives them the that gives them the
people in charge you know the
billionaires that happen to be
Republican but then they can also get
the workers by getting the unions on the
Democrat side so basically the PE
whoever is really in charge needs to
have a two-party system because as long
as the two parties think they're
actually
competing which it looks like they're
not it looks like it's all rigged to me
it looks like that way that that's my
observation it looks all rigged um but
if you a
two-party apparent system then the two
parties can scoop up all the power
sources does that make sense if you were
just controlling one party and trying to
make the one party win it wouldn't be
good enough because the other party
would still have some
power well I guess the cops in New York
City are getting hurt at record
numbers um 1,200 were hurt in struggles
with suspects in the last three months 3
almost 3,400 injured in 2023 now there
are a lot of cops in New York City but
that sure feels like a lot of injuries
doesn't
it um yeah we don't care about New York
City's crime if you're not in
it it does feel like they brought it on
themselves so you know even though I
have great empathy for the the citizens
of New
York uh their government is giving them
a exactly what they promised
basically so what about Assange I guess
uh Julian Assange is some kind of
British extradition
hearing and a lot of smart people want
him uh
freed he published some classified
documents that he didn't personally
steal which would be legal for everybody
else in routine but he's the only one
that they're going to say oh he's not a
journalist do you see the Mike Ben's
trick where if you own the information
and you can make a word mean anything
you want you can simply say that Julie
nange is not a journalist that's all it
attack they just had to change the word
and then they could put him in jail
forever they
just change the
word the word of what a journalist is so
that he isn't one and then they could
put him in jail forever because they
they changed the definition of words
that's how they control
everything
yeah um with words so um I see the
Assange thing as more of the uh the
attempt to totally control information
because that's how you control America
if America were a free country with a
still a republic and I don't believe
we're a republic anymore or anything
like it um then Assange would not be a
threat he would just be part of the the
free speech journalistic history but
because we have a full clamp down on um
real information and the blob needs to
control all sources from mainstream
media to the social media um they also
need to control
Assange so probably has nothing to do
with any crimes he allegedly did and
probably has everything to do with if
you don't control him you can't control
the
country is that fair does anybody
disagree with me that it wouldn't matter
what he did or did not do the people in
charge can't have somebody who can give
you accurate information because if
there's anybody who can give you
accurate
information the whole thing breaks down
now what about me I I don't think I
completed my don't think I completed my
statement the reason that I'm probably
not at risk of being assassinated or put
in jail forever like aange is that
they've already siloed me I have no
contact with Democrats at all because
getting cancelled probably made a
difference uh there's something
happening on social media that's
preventing me from seeing anything there
might be some kind of group block list
or something like that that's going on
maybe some of them went to threads but I
doubt it I mean not too
many so I would say I'm in the same
category of Assange but the way they
handled me was by just Sil ing
me um but Assange would be harder to
Silo it would just be harder to put him
in a box but I'm in a total box that I
don't know how to get out of I have no
idea how I could get out of my little
box I think I'm guess I'm just talking
to people who agree with
me um that in NY funeral the hill said
over 400 people were
detained um then I saw another report
that said it was just you know minor
fines and you know people were released
but didn't it sound a lot
like Russia was treating their
Insurrection like January 6 I feel like
the January 6 treatment looks so
Russian it just looks like there was a a
situation that was created to get the
names of 400 people who might also be
problems and so Russia probably just
rounded them up got their names and said
all right if you care enough to go to
this funeral you're on our list so they
didn't really need to hold them in jail
they probably just needed to arrest them
and say here's the deal you're now on
our permanent list I wouldn't do a
second thing wrong if I were you and in
Russia that's probably all you need to
do probably takes care of the whole
problem all right
um so as you know
um the the the blob and the Medias after
Elon Musk and the latest story is that
there's a ton of the 75% of the traffic
during the Super Bowl the X traffic was
Bots and
fake and there's a story in
Mashable which seems to be telling the
story and listen to how fake this sounds
once you've seen the Mike Benz framework
listen to how fake all of the sounds
number one
Mashable does that sound like a
publication you can trust
no no right but they talk about a
company called check
chq who they call a leading cyber
security firm and they track Bots and
fake users and they're the ones who said
76% of traffic from X to its Advertiser
clients on the weekend of the Super Bowl
was fake huh who do you think is this
cyber security
firm do you think that's a cyber
security firm that if you looked into it
would be a bunch of
Republicans
nope I haven't looked into it but I
think that would be pretty unusual does
it look like it's exactly more of what
Mike Ben describes as all of these
non-government entities used as fact
Checkers and Watchdogs and now cyber
security uh
Checkers no it sounds exactly like it's
part of the ongoing operation to keep
the American public um away from
anything like free speech and they're
going to have to take musk down to do it
so now they're going after his business
model to try to crush X you realize that
if they get X it's all
over it's that's all that's left but
they but I seem to be some Silo that
maybe X doesn't make any difference
either have you noticed that the news is
reporting a little less about what
people tweeted than they used to is that
my imagination it seemed I feel like it
used to
be it used to be that what people
tweeted was about half of the political
news and now they're they're really
dropped down the references to it not a
coincidence of course it's not a
coincidence they're competing directly
so makes sense
so I don't believe anything un Mashable
uh I don't believe uh any cyber security
firm I don't know anything specifically
about this one but it's in the category
of things that are always
fake right so I'm not making an
allegation about this firm I'm saying
this firm is put into a story in which
the category is put into is the category
that's always fake it's just always
fake so maybe this is the first time
it's not a fake and again I don't have
any specific information about this one
company but if everything about the
story looks
fake maybe it is
maybe part of the story said that
everybody who's on uh X can see that
there's more B activity let me test that
with you I have way less bot
activity but the story is that everybody
can see there's
more how many of you use the
xplatform and would agree that there's
more bot activity than before he bought
it I'm looking at your comments I'm
saying opposites some say more some say
less right with that many people saying
less it to me it's way less I mean a lot
less do you think it's fair that the
story can just drop it in like it's a
fact because they report like it's so
obvious everybody sees it they don't
have to give you a source oh everybody
sees it and it's the opposite I don't
think everybody sees it I I mean I'm
looking for it and I don't see it and I
live this I mean I'm I'm immersed in X
all day long I don't see it the only
time I saw it was when I said some
things that were inconvenient and the
Bots the obvious Bots swarmed me but I
don't know if you even call them Bots
cuz they're human beings who are coming
basically they're just trolls coming
over to dump on my account but then they
go away they go away as soon as I call
them out they go away instantly so
they're not
real yeah
anyway um Trump is uh announced he
selling
sneakers and he says he sold out as soon
as they were announced and he went to
Sneaker Con I guess there's a Sneaker
Con and he was you know autographing
sneakers and whatnot
and I have a
question I don't know much about the
sneakers world so you're going to have
to give me a fact check on this um in my
local
mall uh a store popped up of expensive
kicks yeah expensive Footwear and it's
you know sneaker type athletic footwear
but the you know the the many hundreds
of dollars types so everything in the
story is like hundreds of dollars
because they're like special high-end
sneakers so now Trump comes up with a I
think it's a special high-end sneaker
does it not directly appeal to that same
crowd he's he's
targeting a group which he's largely
ignored hasn't he and here's what I'm
wondering if you were
black and
mail would you buy Trump
sneakers and wear
them I don't
know uh I'll tell you what um I wouldn't
wear them as a white boy because I think
I get my ass kicked like you know it's
same reason I don't wear a Maga hat well
I don't wear branded merchandise so I
wouldn't wear either one of them never
have people think I walk around with a
MAG I've never put one on I never would
I I just don't put people's brand on my
head or my body that's just not
something I'm going to
do um but I have a
question this might be genius and I
can't tell or it might be just you know
the fundraiser that's kind of
clever but what if he gets what if he
gets black
men to be so radical that they'll wear
Trump sneakers right in front of
everybody
is that going to happen I would bet
against
it but I'm not a 100% sure this couldn't
make a dent that no nothing else could
make if if this could turn into a status
symbol then not only are you such a
freethinker that you can wear these
shoes but they kind of look cool too if
it turns into that you might see some
kind of a cultural shift happening that
this would be causing but it might be
more more uh let's say
following I don't know keep an eye on
that one it's fascinating to me because
there may be a lot more to this
politically than it looks on first
look uh there's a tragic story of a the
son of Youtube CEO recently until
2023 um Susan W
waji her freshman son died in UC
brookley from a fenel overdose he died
in his dorm
room um you all know that I have maximum
amount of empathy for that because my
own
stepson but I was trying to put myself
in her
head she's a woman who because she was
ah head of YouTube had to be aware of
the massive
censorship um entity
which means that she had to be aware
that she was really one of the most
important players in the
Democrat kind of control of the media
and keeping them propped up and in power
because if the media did not support
Democrats it' be hard for them to do
what they do so for years she spends her
life supporting a Democratic party who
very pointedly did not close the
border and certainly hasn't done enough
enough about fenel now I want to be fair
Trump didn't do enough either Trump did
not do enough about fenel don't don't
tell me I'm a hypocrite no he didn't
didn't come close I don't know why
because he put some effort into it but
not no benefit
whatsoever but how do you think she felt
carrying the water for the
administration that killed her
son in my opinion in my opinion
I mean I don't want to dump on her
because you know she's having the worst
I guarantee you it's the worst year of
her life worst day of her life and that
will never
change um so I I have maximum empathy
but it should
be maybe it should be a warning to other
people that your uncompromising support
of one
party might have some implications
you're not considering
so if your own son dies
from the side you're supporting not
getting it done it's hard to ignore that
hard to ignore now uh let me tell you
something that if you don't know this if
you're especially a young person if they
die of a an overdose and you say to
yourself well it's going to be really
hard for about five years and then you
know maybe you'll get over it
you don't get over
it so I learned that the hard way I can
get over really anything I can get over
anything anything that happens to me I
get over it pretty easily I'm I'm not
one who dwells but the the death of a
child is
permanent and you kind of know it when
it happens you know it's not ever going
to get better it never gets better it
never gets
better and that's what so she's in a
living hell right now because every day
for the rest of her life she will see
him and she'll wonder what she could
have done
differently that will never ever go away
every waking moment for the rest of her
life she's going to be a
zombie and every part of everything she
did up to that point won't
matter it's all
gone and she's in the news because she's
notable
but do you know how many other people
lost their sons and daughters this week
to
fenel and every one of them is walking
around in the same mental prison that
she is and I see them because I'm in it
I'm in that
prison
so that's all I have to say about that
Kathy hoko the governor of New York says
it's not really dangerous to do business
in New York just because they uh took
down Trump and the reason is that
Trump's situation was so unique so
unique you don't have to worry about it
his situation was
unique was
it uh I don't think that the charges
against him were the
problem it's not the charges against
him it's that the it's that the uh the
justice system was weaponized
obviously and right in front of us if
you weaponize your Department of Justice
very obviously very
publicly right in front of
us you can't do business in that
town
so I would get out of there honestly I
would get out if you're a
republican apparently you're just marked
for problems uh I'll tell you I live I
live in a district that has a Soros
process
secutor
um and uh you know there there all these
uh I see these efforts to collect
signatures to remove her from office I
don't know how that's going but I live
in an area where I'm absolutely in
Jeopardy and except that I really really
want to live
here I would definitely move you know if
I didn't have ties here I would move
right away cuz I'm in Jeopardy I'm in
legal Jeopardy whether I do anything
wrong or not I don't even think that's
going to be part of the
conversation but
absolutely I I do not want to be
anywhere near a Soros prosecutor because
you can tell now and this is what I get
from The Mike Ben
thing what I get is that the real reason
for the prosecutors is not to let
criminals s in jail that's just
something that's happening rather it's
to have a weapon against people like me
to stop free
speech so the weapon would be used to
suppress speech because that's the only
thing you need to do to have full
control of the country it's just speech
everything else just
follows all
right
um this is interesting so I want you to
see if you think this is an accident
let's say you take the Mike Ben's
framework and you say all the major
media is um is being manipulated by you
know intelligence agencies the CIA if
you believe that's true you there's a
story on CNN that uh um you know is is
being prominently presented this
anti-biden so would you say that maybe
maybe the people in charge want to get
rid of Biden as quickly as
possible but there's more to the story
the story is U from CNN I think it was
Abby Phillips who was doing this Phillip
uh at this point in their presidencies
Obama did 4220 422 interviews Trump did
300 and Biden so far has done
86 and then they showed uh the number
and then the face of each of them so
face of Obama with 422 face of trump
with
300
300 like the movie
and then there's the face of Biden with
86
86 you all know what 86 means right 86
really literally means discard it's it's
it's restaurant slang but most people
know it you all know right in a
restaurant if you 86 something you throw
it away so they they they're literally
running a picture of the three
presidents they've got Obama with
something that reminds me of marijuana
42 2 2 they've got Trump with 300 that
reminds me of the most awesome movie of
Manliness and then they've got Biden
with 86 that's literally the number for
discard now here's the question did
CNN just sort of randomly say this would
be a good day to do this story exactly
on the day when Biden had
86 or do you think this is something
that an intelligence agency would plant
because the prime of putting an 86 over
his over his picture is pretty
strong that's pretty strong persuasion
is that an
accident how many of you think that
that's an accident I think the 422 422
and the 300 probably coincidence but 86
of all the there's only one number that
says get rid of am I right there's only
one number and there and numbers are
infinite the number of numbers are
literally infinite and he picked the one
number that means throw this
away yeah could be confirmation bias if
if we're being fair confirmation bias
you know makes you see things that
aren't really there could be that could
be that but if it had not been for the
Mike ban Ben's framework that we see
that real professionals are behind all
the
messaging I would have done it if it
were me and I were aware that he had say
low 80s and I wanted to get rid of them
I would I would actually wait every day
and I say there's 81 here's 82 and when
it gets 86 I would I would leak it to
the media because I would know that that
would be a cool thing to do it would
work so we'll
see uh breit Barts Joel poock is
reporting that uh net yahu decided to uh
defy Joe Biden who wants some kind of a
two State solution and so so Netanyahu
this is a real dick move but effective
Netanyahu takes the President Biden's
peace plan uh to his government to have
them vote on
it uh rejected
unanimously now you might say to
yourself of course it's rejected
unanimously because you know Israel
wants to do what they're doing over
there but did I mention it's
Israel when was the last time Israel did
anything unanimously in their
government how many parties do they have
in the
government it's like it's got to be the
singularly least cohesive government of
all time you least in Democratic
countries and and
Netanyahu who probably is not the most
popular person in his own government at
the moment he still managed to get a
unanimous vote against the US's IDE of a
two-state
solution now um what do you think of uh
netanyahu's persuasion what do you think
of the persuasion A+ A+ because he
really needed to show that there was no
flexibility in Israel to get to get a
unanimous vote on that I don't know if
he knew it would be unanimous but that's
pretty impressive persuasion and it's a
strong push back
because it does it it literally
embarrasses Biden and I think that was
part of the point to literally embarrass
them back from you know pushing for the
two-state solution and so I tell you
again I see lots of reasonable people uh
who want to pressure Israel
to uh let's say be less aggressive in
their War
efforts but I've never seen anybody
explain the
alternative and that's why it's it's
hard for me to be involved in the uh to
be involved in it because unless you can
describe how you win by not
winning what's your opinion exactly now
I get I get from a human perspective if
you watch you know the power of the
state of Israel and you watch the
helplessness of the average you know
Gaza resident who every every time I
hear a story I think I don't even know
how they're going to survive
I mean my my level of empathy for the
Palestinians is really
high but I have to live in the real
world what would you advise Israel to do
instead do the same thing but slower do
you think do you think that going slower
is going to save
lives I I think that people don't
understand maybe how military stuff
works I don't so maybe I'll take a fact
check on this let me put some more
humility into my opinion here I'm not
the person who who's the expert on this
but I don't think it's obvious this
slowing down to take your time and make
sure that you're being good to the local
population as much as possible I don't
think that gets you to fewer deaths it's
not obvious to me but it is obvious to
me that uh if you could win fast and
brutally at least you'd be
done at least should be done with the
killing and my my intuition is maybe
opposite of a lot of people here which
doesn't mean I'm right because when I
say it's it's my feeling it's not based
on Military expertise but I would look
for an opinion so if there's somebody
here who has military expertise like
you've actually taught people strategy
you know maybe you worked in a military
school or something you tell me is it
generally considered that fast and
brutal is actually going to be better
for the population because you just get
it over with or is starvation and
dragging you out and creating more
enemies because it takes longer
and which which one is it yeah is it a
rip off the Band-Aid is better it might
not be I mean and maybe there's no
general rule here
either yeah but my intuition says that
the people who want to slow it down
don't know exactly what they're asking
for H and and even if you get outside of
the narrow question of slowing it down
what they're really saying is if you
slow it down next we're going to ask you
to stop am I right that's not the first
request that's not the last request if
if they do a
ceasefire nobody's going to say or or if
let's say they're they put more effort
into protecting the local population
than they already are and we don't know
how much they are but Reports say that
they're trying really hard even America
says they're maybe doing more than we
would have done to save the local
population and maybe that's
true so it's a fog Wars we don't really
know probably there's some lots of bad
apples along with the Good Apples if
it's like everything else
but what else are you going to do I I
want to see somebody describe the the
two-stage solution in the long run what
does it look like to you do you think
the Palestinians just self-organized
into a peaceful uh
coexistence after this aren't they more
radicalized than
ever I I would imagine they would be I
mean a lot of them are going to hate
their own people they're going to hate
Hamas for putting them in this situation
but there will be probably five times
that many who now dedicate their entire
life to destroying Israel so how are you
just going to live next to
them uh to me what Israel is doing is
not something I could judge as good or
bad is just the only thing they can
do if somebody's doing the only thing
you can
do what's my opinion got to do with
anything I I'm just going to stay out of
it and watch it now let me be you know
as clear as possible I do think that
what's happening to these
civilians in Gaza is a tragedy on a
level that's hard to even
imagine I do think it's the fault of
their own
leaders um and I hate that the
individual people have to suffer for the
mistakes of their
leaders but I also don't see an
alternative because they tell you who
who shouldn't need to suffer for the
Palestinian leadership Israel Israel
shouldn't have to suffer at all because
another group of people have bad
leadership so I certainly understand why
they do what they do but you don't have
to be in favor of killing yeah I think
you could hold both feelings you you
could say it's a tragedy you wish it
didn't
happen at the same time you could say I
don't have an opinion that would help
any of this so that's where I'm at all
right ladies and gentlemen have I uh
made my point that almost all the
stories today look like censorship
stories when you boil the down and that
the only thing that matters is control
of our of our information Network
because everything else follows from
that you can put somebody in jail if you
can control the information you can
change the elections if you can control
the information you can change the laws
if you control the information
absolutely everything you see that's not
working in our government and here's the
big
reframe I I haven't heard anybody say it
this way so tell me if I'm copying
somebody I might accidentally be copying
somebody in my opinion everything you
don't understand about the government
like why aren't they closing the border
is that in every case it's because
there's something that's happening that
the people in charge can use as a
weapon so why is there Dei when it's so
obviously a bad idea because it's a
weapon you you can lock up uh or you can
ruin uh Republicans just by saying oh
you're racist
and then the Dei thing supports all of
that so it's certainly one of the things
that got rid of me the the Dei
structure um the legal system all the
Soros funding of the prosecutors it
looks like that's all the censorship
play uh the January 6 Insurrection hoax
that a censorship Play It's All a
censorship play and when by censorship I
mean somebody wants to control all the
information yeah even the border is a
probably a
weapon uh meaning that probably the
people in charge need something like the
help of the cartels to be a weapon so
they may actually say yeah 100,000
people are dying but they probably would
anyway because there's no way we could
actually stop it but we can pretend we
were not stopping it and then we can
have the cels do our dirty work for us
it might be that's all that's
happening if might
be
that the cartels own the government of
Mexico so far would you agree I mean I
can't prove it personally but do you
agree that the cartels probably control
the government of Mexico all right now
do you know what you're missing in that
story probably the CIA controls the
cartels so in other words we may have
already taken over
Mexico let let me say it again the
United States might already control the
Mexican Government the way we've
controlled 80 other governments that we
we managed to co we may have simply used
the organization that has power over the
government to control it indirectly
because controlling it directly isn't
something we could
do now you try to tell me what would be
important enough that we would let
100,000 Americans die if we could maybe
Tamp that down by being hard on the by
bombing the
cartel I think the only thing that would
be important enough is full control of
Mexico so in so if you use the Mike
Ben's filter and this is more than he
said so I'm I'm just adding my own
speculation to it according to that
filter the only reason that this problem
is now solved when it's so easy to solve
we all agree with that is that
somebody's been benefiting from it and
if they're benefiting from something
that's big enough that they would allow
the son of the YouTube exe you X YouTube
executive to die and and so many other
people's children if it's got to be so
important that they're worth that
they're willing to allow that and the
only thing I can think of is full
control of
Mexico so we must control the
cartels uh probably is something like
the cartel
agreed to work with us to control the
government because the cartels are
getting some protection something like
that that would be my guess so my best
guess is that Mexico is already
conquered the US is already conquered by
the same group of people and that we
we're no longer a republic there's some
there's some possibility we could get it
back I suppose but at the moment I don't
see us operating as a republic how many
of you would agree with that
assessment that we're not operating as
Republic now on paper we are is just
that when the founders put together the
Constitution they didn't understand that
you could conquer the whole thing by
controlling the
information that just wasn't anything
anybody would have thought of hundreds
of years ago so but at the moment
information controls everything so you
can control the entire
Republic by controlling the information
and now we know that our information
sources are all controlled
um and that's where we are what can we
do about it well the only thing I can
imagine is Trump winning by such a large
margin because the uh the Deep state is
trying hard to get rid of Biden I mean
the fact that CNN is going after Biden I
think is a pretty good indication that
he's not their choice for beating Trump
they're going to have to give somebody
in there who at least on paper looks
like the election could be close and
then the mail in ballots would do the
rest
so uh I think the battle here the the
biggest battle is that Biden
is probably trying to stay in a
jail and so he can't leave the
office and or keeping his you know
family out of jail so I think he can't
leave
office which is the unforeseen
consequence of bringing somebody in that
they could
control so they could control him
because they probably know all of his
Secrets but now he also has to keep his
own secrets so he can't
leave
so um if if uh Trump wins by you know a
big margin enough to make the mailin
ballots not not change the
outcome that's really probably the only
hope and the beauty of it is that it
might happen on its own just because
they're trying desperately to get rid of
Biden but he won't leave and he's going
to get worse and worse and worse up till
election day and the public is going to
say we're not going to vote for somebody
who's just not
there so anyway um that's all we got for
now and oh you somebody said Biden can
pardon himself that's not good
enough Biden is the only one the
Democrats who could control the state
department justices as
well that's something Trump can't do out
of office and maybe in office he
couldn't do it either but through the
Soros
Network Biden can control the even the
states not just the federal Pardons and
stuff so yeah but he has to stay in
office to have that kind of power anyway
ladies and Gentlemen let's make it so
let's let's make the Democrats uh not
the Democrats because I don't think it's
a Democrat scheme I think it's the
people in power scheme who don't care if
you're a Democrat but uh let's let's let
them die on their own scheme which is
putting a uh incapacitated guy in office
and uh let them see how that works
out because that entire play depended on
him not failing at a certain rate like
if he could stay coherent everything
would work fine but his failure rate is
Way Beyond what their current plan can
can can hold
right because if on Election Day he's
still there and he literally can't put a
sentence together it's
over right that would be the end of it
so their entire game is up if he stays
in office and it looks like he
is I would say the odds of Biden being
assassinated are roughly equal to the
odds of trump or RFK Jr being
assassinated because you get to the same
place in each of those cases
so all they need is their own person in
power they can do it by assassinating
Biden they could do it by assassinating
Trump uh and RFK Jr's just sort of the
wild card they might need to you know
keep him out of office as well all right
that's all I got for you thanks for
watching on the xplatform and on YouTube
and
Rumble I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
joining