good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization while it lasts it's called
coffee with Scott Adams some people call
it colonizing with Scott Adams but
that's not fair and if you'd like to
take your experience up to levels that
nobody has even imagined before well all
you need for that is uh copper muger
glass a tanker cheler Stein a canteen
Jer flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine here of the day
the thing that's making everything
better it's called a simultaneous Sip
and it can stop Wars if you let it
go so good so
good
well let's talk about all the things
today if you're ready any good
books uh I've got a book that might be
suspiciously appropriate for the news
today you've probably heard of it if you
tried to buy this book you couldn't do
it this this is an unbi book so I wrote
it years ago and it was a it's a
fictional story that was really in the
form of a
prediction so this was written 200 3ish
I
think and it was a
prediction for
today when the uh Western world and the
at least a bunch of powers are in a
major what I would call a religion
War right and it looks like we're we'll
talk about that but if you could find a
copy of this a used copy it'll blow your
 mind about how close
I
predicted so there's
that all right let's do uh there's a new
study holy cow another study for large
rigorous one I like them when they're
large and rigorous and it's about
multivitamins you've heard people say
multivitamins you should take them every
day and other people say multivitamins
oh by the way you could you can read the
religion War for free if you're a member
of the locals uh community so it's it's
on there in text form uh so Scott adams.
locals.com and then you just search for
# thee religion War it'll pop right up
as a
PDF um it's another benefit of
membership anyway there's this large
study on multivitamins some people say
they're great some people say they make
no difference but this new
study uh says that um people who have
been taking multiv vamin for a long time
consistently perform better on common
memory tests than those who took a
placebo so I guess that means that
taking vitamins improves your
memory right big correlation it's a
study peer reviewed peer
reviewed well maybe that might be
exactly what's going on here or
or backward
science
backwards
science that's when the causation is
reversed now let me ask you a question
if you were to gather together the
people from all parts of the country or
the world and you put together the
people who have been taking a
multivitamin for many years would those
people have anything in common with each
other that would be different than the
average
person number one money do you know what
poor people don't do take a lot of
vitamins that's what they don't do I
don't know if this was controlled for
economics it might have been but there
are other things that they have in
common what what what's something else
that somebody who takes a multivitamin
has in common with other multivitamin
takers by the time you're taking a
multivitamin you've already become one
of those people you know what I mean one
of those people who's looking for every
Advantage one of those people who
actually does exercise one of those
people who actually knows that that
simple carbs might make you fat one of
those people who might even be a
moderate Drinker instead of a heavy
drinker because in all parts of their
life they look for the little advantage
and they're going to try to get it now
if you took all the people who look for
a little advantage in life in terms of
their health and you check to see if
their memory is better or worse than the
people who did everything wrong or at
least didn't take vitamins so they
weren't that serious about it would you
expect the vitamin takers to do better
whether the vitamins work or not am I
right so so why would the normal
assumption be that the vitamins help
your memory instead of just saying
people who do everything right yeah know
they also take a take a chance on
vitamins you know because they don't
hurt you we we have pretty good history
to suggest it won't hurt you to take
vitamins although there have been times
when you know I think there were some
cases maybe in the past that it could
have but at the moment I think we think
our vitamins are pretty safe so if you
could afford it You' probably do
it um all right backward
science
um I've got another question for you
about
causation um I have a hypothesis that
goes like
this that the more intelligence experts
we have for a given
adversary the more likely we will go to
war with
them now you say to yourself Scott
you've got it backwards you got all
backwards the causation is backwards
Scott no the reason we have lots of
intelligence experts for some countries
that are our adversaries are because
there are
adversaries that's obviously why you you
want to promote and educate people to be
intelligence experts because they're
already our
adversaries maybe or maybe if you get
enough intelligence experts who went to
school to figure out what to do if we
went to war with Russia you're going to
have a war with Russia because
there are too many people talk about it
and they act like they're the experts
and you're not the expert are you you're
no expert did you go to school school
for Russia did you study Russia no you
didn't you better listen to those
experts one of them no two of them no
three oh my god there are hundreds there
are now thousands of Russian experts and
if we don't go to war with
Russia they've wasted their educations
their life is a joke but if we
did well that would be their time
wouldn't it so when these Russian
experts who can only validate their own
experience by getting t with Russia
which will include War what do you think
they recommend do you think every time
there's a big old meeting with the boss
they say whatever you do don't start a
war with Russia because that's going to
lead to all kinds of bad stuff and you
can't put it back no they're going to
get tough because they went to school to
get tough on
Russia so I would
argue that you could predict War by how
many intelligence people have gone
through the the training to be an expert
in that area do you think that we have
I'm going to guess that except for China
where we have probably lots of experts
by now uh the Middle East and Russia
would be the two areas where people have
traded the most to work in our
intelligence outfits for Foreign
Service and is there anything happening
in the world right now that involves oh
the Middle East and Russia yes it's
exactly what you'd expect by the
fact that we're producing people whose
jobs and lives can only be
justified with a big old
conflict so I'm not sure that anybody is
doing anything
intentionally I think it' say follow the
money situation if the money went toward
trading people and they would like to
keep their jobs and get
promotions well peace isn't exactly the
way you get there so people just working
on their normal self-interest without
even being aware of it there may be no
just thought along those lines but it
would still happen just by the fact that
there were a lot of
them all right what about those experts
you think we should trust the experts
when it comes to
war well I was just watching a real on
Instagram from guy Kawasaki he was one
of the original Apple Founders he was
the marketing guy at the very beginning
I think he was one of the first five or
something like that and he was talking
about Steve Jobs opinion about the
experts here here's what Steve Jobs says
about the experts he said don't trust
the experts cuz they're old and study
and they're set in their ways but uh
sometimes trust yourself well that's
terrible advice Steve Jobs if you ever
want to give some bad advice listen to
Steve Jobs do you know why Steve Jobs
advice is so
bad because Steve Jobs gives you advice
that is suitable only for Steve
Jobs only for him do you know why
because he was was a genius here's the
order of who you should trust average
people not so much wouldn't trust them
so much experts I think I would trust
the experts more than the average people
but unfortunately we have these other
jerks who are messing up everything by
being
smart who would you trust Steve Jobs or
the computer experts at the time Steve
Jobs I mean in retrospect you would have
trusted him but we only know that now
however Steve Jobs was not an ordinary
person he was one of the few people that
you should trust more than the
experts now we're watching uh we're
watching the country come to War what
are the experts saying well the experts
are saying whatever they were already
inclined to say before the this
happened and what do the people say who
are I I will uh let's say generously say
that they're Geniuses now in this
context genius isn't Einstein genius I
just say somebody in the top
2% the type of person who could get
accepted to let's say an IV League
school back before uh their admissions
were
ridiculous do you know anybody like that
who is being very
outspoken
about about the potential for war yeah
there's Elon Musk Elon Musk clearly in
the top 2% no military expert right so
would you listen to Elon Musk about war
or would you listen to The
Experts I'm going to go with Elon Musk
every time why because he's smarter than
the experts and the experts are all
biased they've got you know just they're
just steeped and biased biased plus
their their economics are on the line
their promotions everything I I would
never trust the experts over Elon Musk
about a military decision and he's not a
military expert how about David
Sachs one of one of the original PayPal
guys Stanford top 2% easily in the top
2% of IQ would you trust somebody in the
top 2% like you know who's also had a
you know hugely successful career I
would I would trust him over the
experts not because he has more
expertise but because in this country
the Geniuses are almost always smarter
than the
experts as long as we're all sort of
looking at similar information you know
the military has some secret stuff but
probably the the most important
variables are things we can all see so
in that specific case the smart people
beat the experts most of the
time so uh yes I would be looking at
your V ramas swamis is V an average
person nope not even close top 2% if
would you trust V's opinion on war over
the experts I would not trust the
experts over a V and again it's not only
because I am endorsing him for president
although that
helps smart people can meet the experts
regularly what happened during the
pandemic do you remember all the Rogues
the people who had you know the opposite
opinions
many of them turned out to be right
didn't they many of them and I turned
out to be right probably more than
anybody uh if you tested my IQ where
would it be top 2% it's a very
consistent
thing so just keep that in mind when
you're trusting your
experts um I've talked about the
incompetence problem in this country and
even the trolls are getting worse oh my
God the
trolls I remember when the trolls would
be really good they'd like get in there
they really get under your skin and
they'd say something to really bug you
well here's what happened to me this
morning uh I saw a comment to one of my
excellent posts on X and somebody named
Colorado dispensary
loiterer it's pretty funny name Colorado
dispensary
loiterer uh said about me smarty pants
Scott Adams thinks he's a mystical
Shaman American Patriot he soiled
himself
period now that wasn't the bad troll
comment that I was speaking about this
was just you know
lowend sort of the low end of the troll
capability but I didn't think it could
get lower until somebody commented on
the comment so I want I'll read it again
so you know what the other troll was
commenting on smarty pant Scott Adams
thinks he's a mystical Shaman American
Patriot he so he soiled himself period
and then the other comment was
this with little fingers pointing up to
the comment because it was so
good
this
now I have a suggestion for
you you should be sparing in your use of
this it's kind of embarrassing if you
use it
on something like this
yeah even the trolls have lost their
game well I want better trolls can
somebody talk to Elon Musk about that
can we have a special badge for the high
level trolls and then when you see see
them you be like oh there's a good troll
let's see what this one's up to could be
entertaining well Hollywood has created
and I just love this uh a blacklist for
people in the industry who are too Pro
Palestine that's right you can no longer
get a job in Hollywood if you spoke out
in favor of the
Palestinian um
suffering
so how good do you think the next movies
are going to be all right imagine so I
tweeted this imagine being a Hollywood
director and let's say it's a few months
from now you're trying to you're trying
to pull together a team now remember
when you make a movie you're you're
pulling together a team for the first
time each time it's a brand new team for
each
movie you know how hard it was to pull
together a team when you had to do
diversity you've got to have a diverse
cast you've got a diverse crew imagine
the burden that puts on the creative
process that you've got to have the
right mix of people so you can't really
hire the perfect person for the part you
might need to get the person who's you
know okay for it but satisfies your
diverse
needs now add to that that you Som have
to how have to filter out all these
blacklisted people who had the quote
wrong opinion about
Gaza try to make a movie under those
conditions that you can't have any bad
think and you got to have full
diversity y uh now the good news is it's
still going to be easy to write the
scripts it'll be hard to pull a cast
together that doesn't want to kill each
other but at least the scripts are still
easy tie somebody to a chair that's
always a good
one uh how about a I'm just
brainstorming here but what about a car
chase scene car chase what if I'm just
I'm going to go crazy here what if it's
a car chase but helicopters are
involved helicopters no better uh
gigantic Vehicles such as garbage trucks
yes garbage trucks or gigantic
bulldozers that can plow through other
cars how about that has anybody done
that yet anybody no anyway so at least
the the writing the uh script will be
simple
um question for you did we ever have
free speech
because free speech is is good and dead
at the moment and what I mean by that is
you only now have the speech the free
speech and you can see from the example
of the Hollywood Blacklist it's a good
example um but you could add to that
Owen Shroyer going to prison for talking
for
talking he's going to prison for
talking um all the J Sixers who are
overcharged you've got Trump who had a
gag order are you kidding me who's
running for president with a gag
order that's really happening I think
that might be suspended at the moment
and then you can look at all the people
who got canceled for having opinions
that people completely agree with at the
moment such as
me by the way I might be the only
cancelled person who has nobody who
disagrees with my opinion or at least on
the part that got me canceled nobody
when they hear it in context everybody
goes oh
okay so we don't have any free opinion
the only Freedom you have is to be
uninteresting and no challenge to the
narrative so if you're a crazy person
you could probably get away with
anything because people go ah we're not
paying attention to you anyway and if
you say things that maybe the narrative
doesn't
like but you're not really influential
that's probably okay okay to you can't
do anything that speech that would
change the status quo because the people
who own the status quo are going to kill
you for it because they like the status
quo so uh I was challenged on this uh
David boxen horn was saying you know has
it ever been different it's always been
true that if you said something abor you
would get punished would you agree it's
always been true yeah anybody who said
something that was that bad was going to
pay for it
well that's not my memory I don't have
that memory at all my memory of my
younger years is that if somebody said
something
horrendous they didn't say it on social
media because it didn't
exist and then you say to yourself my
God that's a horrendous
opinion and then you would pick teams
for the softball game and you'd go play
softball with the people who had the
horrendous opinions cuz their opinions
never left their head well they left
their head cuz they spoke it but nobody
was influenced by it it didn't change my
opinion that somebody had a terrible
opinion about something that was abor in
today's world that person would be
cancelled because they would say it or
it would end up on social media and then
every all the uh the prickly people
would see it and go oh oh I got another
cancellation I got quite a boner about
this oh I can't wait to cancel this
enemy of mine and then they
cancel so the point is so social media
made everybody cancel a bow in a way
that just wasn't true when I was a kid
you could have the worst
opinions when I was a kid and we just
hang out because it just seemed like
free
speech I took free speech very very
seriously as a child because I was
trained to be that way so if somebody
said something that was just absolutely
horrible according to my own standards
it didn't bother me at all
not even a little bit I I I literally
just Shrugged and said well Free
Speech isn't that how everybody was in
the 60s in the 60s you didn't you would
even hang out with somebody you
violently disagreed
with CU that's how things were you you
wouldn't you wouldn't not hang out with
somebody because you hated their opinion
that wouldn't even it wouldn't even be
sensible I'm not even sure I wouldn't
even be able to wrap my head around that
because people have such different
opinions you would have no friends it
just didn't make sense to you know not
hang around with people because of their
opinions now of course it might be true
that people had closer opinions similar
opinions where I grew up so it wasn't a
big issue but uh it was very different
so I would add that the social media
reach of it makes bad opinions travel
farther but it also makes the feedback
instant and vicious so at the moment we
don't have anything like free speech you
only have the freedom to say things
uninteresting or ineffective if it
changes the
narrative somebody's going to get you
you're going to be blacklisted in
Hollywood oh here's a question will
there be an election in 2024 people are
asking and if you were to use the Tucker
Carlson observation which I don't think
he invented was it crack hour or
somebody who came up with it the idea
that whatever the Democrats are blaming
you of whatever they accuse you of is
what they're
doing was it crack
hour did or russino said it oh Crow
Hammer Crow Hammer Charles Crow Hammer I
think it was Charles Cammer I've heard
I've heard him I've heard it attributed
him the most but anyway the idea is that
you could actually predict the future by
looking at what Democrats are accusing
Republicans of and then just move it
forward and say oh they're either
already doing it or they're plan to do
it soon so let's test the theory let's
test it we have a perfect test here the
test
is um since the Democrats made a
gigantic deal about January 6 being an
Insurrection what do you expect them to
do if this coming summer that'll be the
summer before the election if this
coming summer summer and in all
likelihood this will be the case if you
just straight line it Trump will have an
insurmountable lead in the polls over
Biden insurmountable in other words
there's no way that they could cheat to
change it there's just nothing they
could do under those conditions would
you expect Democrats to allow the
election to go forward if they knew for
sure that Biden would
lose
well the the Charles Crow Hammer Russ
limbo car Tucker Carlson theory that
what they're accusing you of and we saw
that with January 6 is what they're
doing or going to do so it is signaling
very
strongly that if the polls are really
far apart and there nothing they can do
to close it before election day that
they would find an excuse to dis ban the
elections and take
control now this is not my prediction
not my prediction this is what this
prediction system or technique predicts
it's a very very strong signal that
Democrats plan to do something sketchy
to take control of the country and
disband elections mostly to keep Trump
out of office because Trump is an
existential threat to a lot of them
so but more generally even if you even
if you forget the the concept of they
always do what they're accusing you of
let's say you think that's
nonsense you don't even need it it's
2024 it's the summer of
2024 and Trump has an insurmountable
lead like just a crazy lead like you've
never even seen in
politics there isn't any chance they're
going to let him just go for forward and
win I don't think even if you take away
the the whole Tucker Carlson part of it
you know that
theory they can't let it
happen so I think that they would have
to use an external
War as which would almost guarantee that
there would be violence on the Homeland
the war is coming to you you know you
are you just entered War because there's
not much chance that it's not be not
going to become a a hot war with Iran
and there's not much chance that Iran
doesn't already have um some kind of
sabot Tours in the United States I would
expect that our lights are going to go
out so get ready for that I don't see
any situation where Iran just rolls over
and takes it that doesn't seem likely
but I think that they would attack at
least our
grid so I would expect yeah I would
expect I don't want to give them any
ideas but the things that the Iranians
could do just by being capable because
they're good at stuff you know they have
a very professional you know Military
Intelligence
situation um what they can do to the
United States would be completely
crippling if they put any effort into it
at all and it looks like they would
so um there will be a situation which
would be conducive to cancelling
elections and we saw that zalinski did a
trial run of that in Ukraine and it
worked all he had to do was say well
we're at War so no election and the
people said oh I don't love that but
that whole thing about being at war is a
pretty good reason I hope it's
temporary ah I can't fight two Wars at
the same time I'm fighting the Russians
I can't fight zinski uh let's just let
it
go it's the perfect situation for the
Democrats to just take control and have
it for the rest of time now if they did
take control then they would presumably
move quickly to make sure there were no
credible institutions that disagreed
with them that were still in power so
they'd make sure they owned all the fact
Checkers and the think tanks and the the
media of course they'd have to control
the media entirely which might involve
uh taking Fox News out of the mix taking
breitbard out of the mix you hiding the
other sources so the that you couldn't
even Google and see a right right
leaning opinion so that's what I would
expect to happen next
summer uh and the reason is they've
convinced the country and themselves
half the country anyway that uh that
Trump is
Hitler and that he's going to make even
if we're in a war we could be in the
middle of World War III and the
Democrats would still say but you know
Trump would make this worse that would
still be their argument you know as
absurd as that sounds
today all right so look for that
um if uh now let's say there is an
election and let's say Trump
wins uh I saw somebody suggest it would
be a civil war if he wins what do you
think will there be a civil war if Trump
were to win
reelection oh you're saying
no
yeah I don't think it'll be a proper
Civil War because for a proper Civil War
you need a more of a
geographic situation you know if the
South has a completely different system
than the North that could be a civil war
but if you have uh people within every
city who are on both sides and and every
side that there could be it's hard to
have a civil war when people your
neighbor your you know your
wife you we're we're too
intermixed as different as we are
politically you know we live our lives
connected so I don't think we have the
right demographic
Geographic um just a physical situation
that leads to Civil War and by the way
what would be the purpose of it what
would be the
purpose right um so I don't think
there'll be a Civil War in that sense
but I think if you're not
armed it's a mistake I I would say we're
we're reaching a point in our
civilization where each household needs
to have some pretty heavy pretty heavy
Firepower because otherwise you're going
to turn into Israel and and by the way
there's no chance that it won't happen
that what we saw in
Israel
unless you have some terrible Solutions
such as in this book which I won't
describe
um as long as there are people who have
the same philosophy as SAS and
apparently they're making new ones every
day it's guaranteed to happen here
there's nothing that would stop it
there's not even a little bit of
friction you just you just look at your
watch and you wait okay I guess I
happened here we've got an open border
for all practical
purposes and they have the incentive and
the means to do it and it's in their
long range plan and they've been very
consistent about Hamas has about
executing exactly what they said they
would do which is try to kill everybody
of one kind of
person so of course it's coming here and
you don't want to be unarmed when they
knock on your door because you're going
to have to shoot it out
probably
so speaking of that uh did you see uh
Joel poock had a tweet today that I
reposted that uh showed there was a CEO
of some Israeli company who as soon as
the trouble started uh he was
ex-military uh grabbed his
rifle uh wrote a goodbye letter to his
children and drove as fast as he could
toward the
fighting he helped liberate one um one
town lived went to liberate the second
town and
lived and as Joel point points out how
would you like your CEO to be that
guy oh my God oh my God now assuming he
survives what comes next which we hope
for everybody um he's going to have a
pretty loyal
staff you they're they're going to want
to they're literally they're going to
want to go to war with them right that's
what the CEOs always say you know they
they want to make you want to go to war
with them cuz the marketplaces are but
he actually went to war for them like
actually literally physically went to
war for his staff in the country you
can't beat that he's also amazingly
photogenic so I think you'll see more of
him he's like really photogenic one of
the best looking guys you'll ever seen
in your
life uh his first name however does not
uh it's not perfect for
TV I don't know if you noticed his first
name the
hero I'm not making fun of him this is
his actual first
name
Nimrod Nimrod
which maybe is a popular name in
Israel right now I I don't want to lose
any respect for him so full you know
full uh full portion of respect but it
is an interesting name for a
hero um
anyway uh looks like there maybe there's
a movement to make Mike Johnson the
Speaker of the
House Mike Johnson could there
be I'll uh I'll now do Chandler
bang could there be a more generic
person could there
be first name
Mike most generic name last name Johnson
is it because they don't have a Mike
Smith is there no nobody nobody named
John Smith in Congress I feel like they
have to find somebody that nobody
knew or nobody
remembered we're going to have to find
somebody that nobody even knows is in in
the house do we have anybody that you've
just never even heard of and if you have
heard of it you're confusing it with
some other name you heard because Mike
Johnson's a popular name oh yeah we got
a Mike Johnson
yeah Mike
Johnson so I don't know if he'll win
some say he used two pro funding of
Ukraine some say he's tremendously
talented I watched a little clip of him
talking to
mayorca and if the only thing you knew
about him was watching his clip dressing
down mayorca you would want him as the
speaker of the house if not your
president yeah he is really good in
public so if the Republicans want
somebody who's impressive and doesn't
look like a
nut he would be the one he would be the
one but I do have some issues if he's a
little too pro- Ukrainian funding
there's probably some balance there that
he's going to need to Nuance a little
bit to If he if he wants to be
successful I'm not sure how much he
wants the
job if at all but we'll keep an eye on
that uh Sam mman had a post on X got
people yapping so Sam mman is the uh
founder CEO of Chad GPT so you you would
think of him as the Godfather of AI at
least from the business sense not the
technical sense
and um he he posted this he said I
expect AI to be capable of superhuman
persuasion well before it is super
superhuman at general intelligence which
may lead to some very strange
outcomes now where have you heard that
before from me right yeah the big the
big risk of AI is that it's
persuasive and I do think current
technology could get it most of the way
there um but AI has one handicap for
persuasion it could work around it but
it's handicap compared to humans is that
it can't watch its results in real
time if it has more time it can watch
results you know slowly materialize it
could do AB testing with different
messages and very rapidly uh just post
them see what people say on social media
it could be as simple as having an
account on X and just have it post
things and see what the responses are
and then adjust to see if it was
persuasive or not so yes in theory the
AI we already have with a few tweaks
would be the most persuasive thing we've
ever
seen it just needs to know how to get
feedback if it if it closes that
feedback
loop all bets are
off um a lot of people got mad at Sam
for being sort of casually just casually
mentioning uh an existential threat to
humanity that he's working on I'm
sympathetic or is it empathetic to his
position while also being very scared of
it here's here's the argument for Sam
mman somebody was definitely going to
make an AI now that's not always a good
argument that somebody was going to do
it anyway but it is in this case
somebody was definitely going to do this
and I'm so glad that it's
Americans I mean it might might be the
difference between survival and not
survival we we need to be the best AI
Wranglers in the world if you're not
you're no longer a
superpower so while it is super
dangerous territory that we're going to
be unleashing some tools before we even
know what the impact will be that's also
like most of life you know most of life
if you're doing anything big it's a infl
infuencing people in both good and bad
ways and nobody can really predict how
it's going to end up so AI is like that
if you have confidence in
American uh expertise and
Ingenuity you would be a little less of
frightened about you know some horrible
thing happening um I feel like the
people working in this field are our
smartest
people you know by the time you're doing
engineering for AI or even even head of
the company you're not a regular person
person you're like extra smart person
right this would be a case where the
experts um are certainly on the case now
you might say say Scott you just said
that the super smart people are smarter
than the experts but what if the experts
are also super smart I will still take
the experts who are not in the field
over
them and the reason is the experts in
the field have a financial
interest the people outside the field
don't know as much but they're looking
at the whole field and they're not
they're not biased by a
Direction
so that's
coming
um so I saw the U UC Berkeley has
changed their acronym it used to be just
Dei diversity equity and inclusion but
they wanted to add you know much like
the LGB TQ plus thing keeps getting
longer they wanted to add a few letters
so they wanted belonging in Justice and
that's pretty good I like
belonging we all like justice so now
it's going to be Dei
BJ D-
BJ you know I'm not sure they thought it
through I feel I feel like you know what
their meetings would have been uh the
Berkeley meetings they really would have
benefited from uh what's the word what
what did they need at this meeting to
avoid this problem it's a diversity
diversity they needed some diversity at
the meeting where they decided to add
BJ had I been there and I know I'm not
invited in fact I've disavowed my old uh
Alma moer where I got my MBA Berkeley I
disavow them they disgrace me and
embarrass me I don't even like to
mention an affiliation with them
which is true by the way uh but I would
have suggested you know if you like
belonging and you like justice there are
two orders that those letters could be
in it could have been JB Dei
JB but no they went with
BJ which could suggest that at least one
of the people in the meeting was me in
Disguise because if I'm in Disguise I'm
going to go with BJ every time it's just
if I'm trying to be like helpful I'd be
like maybe maybe just reverse those
letters avoid some mockery but no if I
were in Disguise I'd be like you know it
would be really great to add to this
does everybody like belonging any
anybody is anybody against belonging no
right I knew it you all like belonging
how about this one justice justice every
Justice who's in favor of Justice all
right who's in favor of adding both
belonging in Justice to Dei everybody
every everybody 100% you uh thank you
thank you and that's it
dij that's how I would have run the
meeting all right what are the odds of
war with Iran well
apparently uh we've moved two carrier
strike groups into the area 11 Burke
class destroyers a number of taond
deroga cruise Cruisers amphibious
assault ships uh various missile
batteries and multiple squadrons of jet
fighters f 16 strategic bombers and
undisclosed
assets does that sound like a
bluff do you think we moved all those
assets in there just to say oh you
better
not don't don't get
up well I think it's
both if it worked as a
bluff we'd probably be happy about
it I don't think it's a
bluff to me it looks every bit like
because the of the expense of moving all
these assets um and somebody said oh
it's just Naval assets that's not the
expensive stuff I don't know I don't
think we put all of our Assets in one
place like that without using them can
we think of any other time that America
has massed military force and then not
used it go tell me the times that we've
massed milit Force well except for um
practice Cuban Missile
Crisis Pearl Harbor no I'm talking about
massing them to attack I don't think we
masked forces to attack Cuba did we I
think we massed forces to blockade
it North Korea I don't think we've
masked forces for an invasion have we so
we've done things like blockades
but I I can't think of any case where we
put together a massive military force
parked it off the beach from our
adversary and then said you know we're
happy now everything worked out I'm glad
that worked out and we go
home yeah I don't think
so so I think we have here unfortunately
the ideal situation for War for the
people who want War I don't want war but
for the people who want it they have
blundered into an ideal situation the
situation is as follows number one
there's a contentious election and the
commanderin-chief
typically becomes popular when the
bullets start flying so this is a way to
get Biden's popularity up if we're in a
hot War by the election time so it's
possible the polls will reverse and
people will just back the
commanderin-chief because we do that
kind of reflexively
so that's one perfect reason for the
Democrats second perfect reason is that
Iran is part of the Ukraine conflict and
a a big problem part because they might
help uh Russia get past sanctions and
they're providing drones and all these
things so it's just an extension of the
Ukraine war which is an extension of uh
trying to take down Putin and Russia so
the people want to take down Putin are
probably a little bit pro-an because it
looks like it might be part of the
puzzle I'm not saying that's a good idea
I'm saying that's so they might see it
next we have a uh economy that can't
survive the debt so we're heading toward
certain
Doom if nobody's told you that I hate to
be the first yeah we don't have a plan
to survive our
debt there's no Economist to knows how
to do it none nobody has even the
slightest idea how we would survive this
economically so what do you do when the
game is rigged against you in this case
we rigged it against ourselves but what
do you do you throw the board over
that's the only thing you can do if
you're losing the chess match and
there's no way you can win it
like you can't even imagine a way to win
it you turn it over and you try to
Kobayashi Maru or change the game
somehow
the only way I can think of doing that
is starting a World
War so a World War would do everything
from make your currency worthless to
bring in Bitcoin to who knows God knows
what would happen but it might be the
only thing big enough to make debt go
away you you could easily see that all
of our debt would just vanish because it
was U for a variety of reasons the whole
system breaks down and at the same time
to save us all the government says it's
okay it's okay we'll issue this
government crypto and we'll just give
you a bunch of it because basically
crypto is just made up and then you
won't have debt you have this crypto you
can buy goods and services and we will
rescue the economy by having a war which
is the only context in which you could
do something like get rid of your cash
and make all your debt go away like a
war is sort of the ultimate reboot with
all of its Badness so I'm not saying
anybody's planning that I'm saying that
unfortunately the ideal conditions for
war exist
unfortunately the other thing is timing
the longer you wait the more
invulnerable Iran will become and the
more trouble they will cause so the
longer you wait the harder it will be
there will never be another time when
the public opinion is so well um well
established in favor of uh Israel at the
moment uh at least those who were pro
Israel to begin with
and would
probably have a understanding
opinion um if America and Israel went
hard on Iran at least it would make
sense right nobody would say that didn't
make any sense or what problem were you
trying to solve because it's obvious
what what problem now the experts your
David saxs and your Elon Musk the people
who are higher than experts in my
opinion would say that war never works
just that's it war never works not not a
war that you start you know sometimes
you can defend yourself and that works
but starting a war is pretty much zero
chance of it
working they always last too long they
always go in completely unpredictable
directions and it's it's the way the
empires fall it's actually the way they
fall by
War
so we have a situation where every
variable is pointing toward war and all
the signals from all the players are
pointing toward War everybody was
prepared for war and they're more
prepared now and there's never been a
situation where uh you know our our
military-industrial complex is clearly
you know calling some of the shots so
you've got some group that could get
rich if it's a war that stays contained
maybe less so if it's a World War and it
might look like a good bet to a lot of
people or at least in the short
run
so
uh if if Israel just Waits let's say
Israel decides to avoid large scale war
and let's say they somehow maybe with
American pressure uh figure out how to
not go in and destroy all of Gaza City
and and create you know a global
conflict let's say they somehow and I
think it's unlikely but let's say they
do
it and then things go back to something
more like
normal which is Ukraine's still in a war
Iran is still bombing our military bases
every day without response or much
response uh with their ran is using
their proxies to do it and they go back
to funding Hamas and funding uh
Hezbollah what happens to Israel in the
long
run give me any scenario in which Israel
can survive in the long run under the
current
scenario I can't think of one because at
some point uh Iran and the other evil
entities will have enough missiles and
maybe they do already to
obliterate um all of the metropolitan
areas in Israel and they might might
already have that Iran might already
have accurate enough and sufficient
quantity of missiles to eliminate Israel
now I don't think they want to do that
because that means eliminating Iran at
the same time there's no way around that
but geography is kind of
Destiny and um my guess is that if you
go 500 years into the future I'll pick
500 years cuz that's so far it's hard to
imagine in 500 years do you think think
that uh Taiwan and China won't be the
same
country I mean I think it's inevitable
in 500
years uh you think that Israel will be
in the middle of all these people who
have missiles and a religious reason to
kill them all and you think it'll still
be there I don't see how it could I mean
I don't have any imagination of how that
could be
possible so we are creating an
unsustainable situation no no matter
what we do if you go to war it's
unsustainable if you don't go to war
it's unsustainable what do you do well I
suppose maybe there could be some
technology that um shoots down all
Rockets apparently the US has a uh sort
of a laser beam kind of an anti-rocket
thing that can fire from uh
ships I don't think it's quite all the
details are worked out but because a
laser beam doesn't need to be reloaded
if if has enough power source maybe a
small nuke or something uh then one
anti-aircraft weapon that's a big laser
beam can take out most of the missiles
because the laser beam reaches them kind
of instantly and it'll just
go so maybe technology in five years if
everybody survives that long would be
able to take out pretty much all
missiles
but then by then the enemies would have
all new weapons you maybe they would
have so many drones that no laser could
get them or they'd fly low so they can't
see them or something like that so it's
hard to come up with a scenario in which
and by the way I'm very pro-israel so I
don't wish bad about anybody
but I just don't have the imagination
for how it
lasts because I it's just too to defend
that territory in the middle of all that
Badness then I saw that uh was it
blinkin who said got to work on the the
two country solution so that would mean
giving the Palestinians their own
country how does that not make
everything
worse in in what in what
scenario is it not worse I mean that
they tried it with Hamas hey Hamas you
can have your own territory you can be
basically basically our neighbor and uh
just do what you want to do and that
creates a
m and it gives them a safe space to
operate from why would they ever do that
again that it seems to me absurd that
Israel would ever allow a two State
solution when any state that is formed
will immediately start activating their
terrorist forces to attack Israel
again which is not to say that the vast
majority of the Palestinians are not you
know peaceful people who just want to be
left
alone but you know which way it goes
there'll be enough people in the
population that want harm that they will
eventually be in
charge um how is Israel's survival
threatened they have 90% of the
land you're going to need to ask better
questions than
that maybe you're new here all
right so um everything that looks scary
has the same the same uh pattern
everything that's scaring us right now
is a straight line
prediction the the imagination that you
could sit in the present and say okay if
th if things keep going the way they're
going it will be Doom but that would be
almost
everything yeah we are a world that is
good at adjusting when it's emergency
and we need to so probably the future
will not look like anything we
predicted me or anybody else probably
because there are just too many
variables right so why do we make
straight line predictions in the first
place like why would I even bother
making a prediction when I know that the
straight line prediction method
basically never works and the answer is
you make straight line predictions so
that you don't end up on that line that
that's how you warn everybody okay if
you don't do something here's where you
going to end up that's very useful but
it doesn't mean you'll end up there it
means that's the warning to make sure
you don't end up
there all
right in the weirdest least expected
news the
UFC has announced that Bud Light will be
its official beer I swear to God I'm not
making that
up doesn't it sound like I'm making that
up it sounds like the beginning of a
joke
right I guess Dana White uh has a long
history with ANH Houser Bush being a
sponsor and uh thought it was the right
move uh I guess Sean Hannity asked him
if it was all about money but he said
that was the F Furthest Thing from his
mind was
money is that is that ever the furthest
thing from anybody's mind have I ever
[Music]
mentioned follow the money that the
money is the thing that predicts no
matter what people say about it if you
followed his words I don't know if those
would predict but if you follow the
money yes it does yes it does Scott
would you be willing to take budlight as
your sponsor no no no no no no I I
wouldn't want that uh embarrassment and
reputational risk Scott would you take
$100
million for budlight to be your
sponsor well you know they're not all
bad I'm sure the drink is quite
delicious and although I'm
anti-alcohol well it's not for me to
tell you how to live your life live your
life make your own decisions
really yeah for $100 million I would get
real flexible so would you I know if
you're thinking there oh Scott you'd
sell out you you take $100 million
and you know it don't even pretend you
wouldn't right because it's just beer so
if Dana White did it for the money he is
in
business apparently he's a really good
business person that's fine that's fine
do you think anybody's not going to
watch UFC because of budlight being The
Advertiser I don't think so I think the
people who like UFC are just going to
still watch it because they like it and
and the reputation of the UFC is so
strong among its fans that they could
handle the hit so I don't
hate that a um a campaign that maybe
hurt budlight for a while was sort of a
warning shot but I don't want them to go
out of
business so if Dana White can help
rehabilitate them as a successful
company I don't know that's not the
worst thing in the world so I don't have
any objection to this it's just an
interesting
story what AI can do that blew my mind
so the other day I was in my man cave I
sat down in my electric drum
kit I started playing around and uh if
you don't know I'm at the beginner level
of drumming
skill and suddenly something started
coming of my drumming that almost didn't
feel like it came from me cuz it was way
better than I know how to
drum so when it started I thought
there's something happening here that's
almost magical it's like it's above my
ability and I seem to be able to do it
and I'm not talking like a little bit
above my ability it was more like twice
as good as my current ability so much so
that I don't think I could do it if I
sat down down to try it right now
something happened that felt like the
Divine was channeling through me for a
moment probably I was just high
but so I had this experience while I was
doing it and I thought my God does that
sound amazing or what so I hit the I hit
the record button and recorded it and I
played it back a bunch of times and I
thought I really enjoyed listening to it
and I wasn't sure if it's because I
created it because sometimes that makes
you want to look at it more but I put it
in my headphones and I thought holy
this is really moving me like I can
actually feel something so I called my
composition uh pacing and leading
because some of you know that my
long-term plan is building my talent
stack and one of the things I've always
been interested in besides just general
interest in playing drums um was the
persuasive ability of
drums drums are very persuasive and
always have been through history you
know you do your drums before you go to
war you know tribes would do drums to
dance around and scare the Lions away so
there's something about the drum beat
something about dancing that is hyper
persuasive so I wanted to learn that and
see if I could you know maybe find any
ven diagram there or find some way that
those two talents could work
together so what I realized was that the
beat I had created
because it came out of my brain and my
brain is a certain way it was pacing and
leading so the beat when it was
consistent was the pacing and if you
like the beat then I could take you
someplace that even music shouldn't go
in other words um the beat was just sort
of the beat but when I would deviate
from
it sometimes I would do it violating
musical rules for example my timing
might be a little behind the beat or or
not and uh there would be some
imperfections
there now when I played it back I could
hear my own imperfections I could hear
the timing problems and you maybe I
didn't hit a device just right but
here's a weird thing that
happened it was the errors that made it
good to listen
to it was the errors and that's why drum
machines have not completely replaced
people because drum drum machines don't
make
errors when I listened to it it was
absolutely the errors that kept me just
stuck to it and why I played it a 100
times it wasn't the parts I did right
it's the parts I did wrong after I done
something right so it's it's that order
of things that you do the wrong thing
after you do the right thing the right
thing is called pacing so if I do a good
beat and you're all bopping to it I've
pasted you we're all on the same page
I'm creating the beat and you're
matching it now I can lead you because
you're you're together we're connected
now I
go and maybe there's a mistake there
like you can even pick it up it's like I
feel like that beat like was a little
late you know that hit and you might be
right but by then because you're you've
been paced the leading would sound
correct in other words the wrong stuff
musically would sound right to you
because I'd pay you so that's one of the
many things I'm looking at in terms of
persuasion and beat so things got even
more interesting so I I posted it but in
order to get on my phone I had to just
hold my phone in front of my drums and I
just replayed through my speakers so I
replayed through my speakers and
recorded a video of it just of the empty
drums so you can imagine now that it's a
recording of a recording taken from a
speaker from a little phone so we're
we're talking pretty low Fidelity here
right so I put that on social
media and uh an ex user called
stormcrow
J um apparently took that beat and used
some AI magic and added some music to
the back ground and turned it into a a
music
video he says he spent 34 minutes doing
it 34 minutes you want to hear
[Music]
it
what do you
think here
some look at the
[Music]
video
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
stop now here's the thing you need to
know um I've always told you I like to
have a series of Ambitions which are
reasonable you know things I could
actually accomplish but I always like to
have at least one ambition usually more
than one that is literally just stupid
like stupid
impossible and for example I I I've told
you before I long had the uh sort of
fantasy someday I would go talk to
whoever was the president in the Oval
Office because I'd done something worth
being invited and that actually
happened now what are the odds of that
that that
specific uh thought that I've had since
I was young would actually literally
happen and I didn't make it happen I
just did my thing and then it happened
so here's another one one of the things
I have long believed I could do and this
is just stupid is write a head
song
Now what's stupid about it is I don't
have any musical ability I don't have
natural ability and I don't have trained
ability I have neither trained nor
natural ability I also barely listen to
music it's not even a genre that I enjoy
outside of utility I use it for exercise
and stuff but I don't just listen to
music I don't even like it that much so
under those conditions what are the odds
that I could write a hit
song seems pretty unlikely right but
that's what that's what makes it a cool
uh ambition is that it's so unlikely
and then I'm listening to this damn
thing and I'm thinking I could actually
listen to that a
lot if if this were on the charts it
would actually do pretty
well Am I Wrong Am I Wrong that this
could be an actual commercial
product I think it could now I I had one
um sad
realization maybe I should admit it when
I listened to the drums I thought to
myself damn I was a lot sharper than I
remember I feel like you know when I
played it back and I was playing it back
the other day I thought it wasn't that
good and then I realized that it wasn't
my
drumming somehow he either sampled a
part of it and then it just repeats I
think is he just sampled a part that was
tight so I had some tight parts and some
loose Parts I think he just took a tight
part and then uh and repeated it and do
you know why I know it's not my
drumming because I drummed it in six4
time accidentally it was just sort of
what came out of me and uh but this is
44 so he he took off a couple of Beats
and made it 44
time so I'm not even sure I can I can
claim that this is my beat but you know
it sounds pretty similar to what I
created and who knows if somebody else
has created the same be a million times
in the
past but anyway uh it's a funny world
and this is one of those situations that
makes you
wonder can you control the future by
your
thoughts can you mentally imagine
something so clearly that the simulation
that we live in or you could say God uh
delivers it I mean how weird is it that
I've had I don't know a 50-year ambition
of writing a hit song without musical
ability that's always been the key part
of it that I would write a hit song
without being
musical it's really dumb to even have
that
goal but this came pretty close so that
ladies and gentlemen is my uh show for
the day thanks for joining and thanks on
YouTube for putting up with all of my
trials and tribulations of uh trying to
get the sound to work uh I'll tell you
one thing I've learned is that nothing
works better than a
clipon lavalier in this this one's
Wireless they work really well too if
you remember to charge them uh but just
the clip on or the wireless clip
on for a podcast it's about as good as
you can do now I I think it was
yesterday I did a brief um live stream
with just the uh locals people and I was
testing a sort of one of these big
podcaster microphones I've had it for a
long time but could never quite get it
to do what I want so I was asking people
what do what do you think about this
like big professional looking microphone
you know good or bad here's what I
learned instantly number one the better
your microphone the more likely people
will say it has hiss
I I don't know why but if it's a really
good microphone somebody's going to say
as his somebody's going to say you've
got the gain turned up too much say I
can't turn up any gain on
this right I could put it through a
mixer but don't need to right other
people said it ruined the visual because
it was sort of partially in in the
picture other said I would have to fix
my lighting because the microphone cast
a shadow on me which is true right so
introducing the professional microphone
would add something like six to 10
failure points to what is already too
complicated six to 10 failure points
like extra things that would bother the
audience but if I don't do any of those
things and I just clip this little messy
thing to my
shirt everybody says oh that's good
enough
I don't I don't know why this doesn't
create the hiss that they complain about
on the good microphones but there we
are it's still 64
time I thought I counted it down as
four but I think I told you earlier I'm
not uh I'm not
musical so and then somebody else is
saying it's 44 I thought it was 44 I
thought I wrote it in six and it came in
as
four
anyway how many of you don't know what
that means 44 time versus 64
time cuz I didn't know what it meant you
know not too long
ago sort to do let let me see if I can
explain it better than music teachers
explain
it so if you already know music all
you're testing is to see if it's a good
explanation okay because I've heard it
explained to me a million times and it's
always like
what what so here's my explanation I
don't know if it's right this might be
wrong but it's 44 or 64 or 68 so it's a
number over a number the bottom number
is telling you what each of the notes
are worth in terms of timing so the four
is telling you that a quarter note you
know is going to be like one beat and
the top number is the more interesting
one because the bottom one is usually
four right it's almost always four so
you could ignore the bottom one for all
practical purposes cuz it's pretty much
always four sometimes it's 78 or
something but that's weird lead
Zeppelin um but the top number the six
or the four is simply how many beats
before it
repeats in other words does it go four
beats and then it repeats those four
beats or does it go six then rep repeats
the six that's all the six in the four
are right am I
wrong that is the correct it's about the
repeating of the
beat yeah all right so that would have
been one of the things I've learned
about learning a new skill like music or
art is that people who who are the most
expert at music and art those are
different skills from explaining things
you know communication and explaining
things is like a whole its own art and
music is its own art it's hard to find
somebody who would be like you know as
good musically as they are as
explaining so that that's one of the
barriers to learning music my my music
teacher was amazing by the way I'm
taking a break from lessons just because
I was busy but uh let me let me give you
an example of what makes him great the
hard part about learning music is
feeling that you're failing the whole
time like you're not creating anything
that's even in the general neighborhood
of music for a long long time you're
producing nothing of value doesn't sound
good to you it doesn't sound good to
anybody so during that period the
important thing is that you stay
enthusiastic and you enjoy it so so my
music teacher who is also uh a fitness
trainer like he had all the skills from
you know the Fitness training and the
music that he would basically make sure
that you had that you felt you had
progress so I'd be doing some crappy
thing on the on the drums that even I
didn't think was good and he would say
something good about it it's like oh way
better than yesterday or oh yeah you're
you've got the kick down I think the
kick was really good on that one and I
would think to
myself I thought it was terrible but
look at that got that kick working and
then I would feel good and then and then
then we would play together you know
when I got to the point where I could
keep a beat he would play the guitar and
he would just Rift whatever whatever
beat I wanted to put out so I'd be just
you know knocking around and putting on
a beat he'd be listening to my beat and
adding this these like sick guitar licks
over it and I'd be there like this
actually sounds good like I would
actually listen to this this but it
wasn't because of
me like the beat was you know pretty
basic but he was adding cool things on
top of it and I was thinking I've made
music look at me I'm in a band I made
music it felt amazing and then when he
was done he'd say that was the best
you've ever done you know you were you
were keeping up I was just just matching
your beat and I'm like really really I
did that it didn't feel like I was doing
that but did I and then I'd feel all
good and I'd want to go to the next
lesson
now this is also the lesson for
Fitness I'm going to drop you one of the
most powerful
reframes you may have seen it in this
book reframe your brain with lots of
other
reframes the best exercise for you to do
if you're if you're new to exercise and
you're trying to get into it and you're
saying gosh there are a million things I
could do what do I do like what's the
exercise should do and what's the right
way to do it should I take a lesson to
figure out how to lift things and use
the bicycle and stuff like that and
here's the reframe that fix us
everything the correct
exercise every time the correct exercise
is the one you're willing to do that's
it the one you're willing to do so the
other day I was uh lifting weights on a
live stream and it was sort of
interacting with the audience and
lifting some weights and just messing
around into my man cave and some people
commented that my it was bugging the
rocd because I wasn't using good form
and I wasn't doing the right number of
them I was just sort of doing it until I
got
tired and so some people said no hey you
know maybe maybe fix that form maybe uh
you know maybe do sets of 10 something
like that I reject that
absolutely I do of course know the
proper way to do all of that stuff when
I do it improperly is because that's the
only way I'm willing to do it on that
day so I got to exercise imperfectly but
all I'm trying to do is make it a habit
that's it I'm not trying to lift a
certain amount a certain way a certain
perfect way I'm trying to make my brain
know that I exercise basically every day
one way or the other and that's not
negotiable the only thing I accomplish
is that I do something and it has to be
what I was willing to do so last night
it was maybe
8:00 and I realized that I'd been so
busy I had not done any exercise and man
did I want to go to bed instead I wanted
I really didn't want to exercise but I
was in my man cave and the weights are
right there so I picked up the smallest
weights and sat in my chair and watched
you know watch watch some of the
Warriors game and I thought well you
know at least I could do this and do
this and because it was the only thing I
was willing to do I was absolutely not
willing to do more than that and then
when once I done you know s and a half
pounds on each arm your arms start to
wake up a little bit and they get
thirsty do you ever have thirsty muscles
you start using them a little bit and
they want to do more right so I had
accidentally made my muscles thirsty
they just needed heavier weights
it was bugging me that they were too
late so then I moved it up a little bit
15s did a little more did a little more
I finally had something like a weight
training but if you were to rank it on
from 1 to 10 about like how well done it
was and how useful it was no more than a
three I give it a
three 100% success if you think that
wasn't 100% success then you're on the
wrong metric the metric was did I do it
yes I did yes I did that's the only goal
because if you hang around with people
who exercise if you start caring about
it if you start trying some things you
will very naturally without any effort
at all learn the proper way to do things
you might someday get a a fitness
trainer it's a good idea for a lot of
people but just being at the gym and
watching people you learn 80% of what
you need if you're if you're unsure
about how a machine is used just watch
somebody using it and if that doesn't
work just stop somebody and ask them hey
how do you do this one it's that easy
you you you learn it over time so the
worst mistake you can make with Fitness
and I would say with diet too is to put
a timer on
it it's nice to say I'd like to lose 80
pounds and I like to do it by a year or
so but that shouldn't be your main focus
your main focus should be developing
habits you should have an exercise habit
that you can't even stop if you wanted
to you're going to do something even if
you just walk out the door and just keep
walking you're going to do it and then
Fitness uh with with diet you need some
techniques that I talk about in U some
of my books but basically you need to
you need a system not just willpower I
use my willpower to avoid these bad
foods that's not a system all
right enough about that I think I've
changed your Live's enough for now um
YouTube I will see you tomorrow and I'm
going to go talk to the locals people a
little extra and thanks for
joining see you in the morning