bum bum bum bum ba ba ba ba ba papa
hey everybody come on in here Andrew
good to see you always good to see you
in Andy and Tyler and Kim and Missy it's
good to see you all come on in we got
some fun stuff to talk about and it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams and
this I will tell you set if you'd like
to join me grab your cup your mug your
glass your
chalice your stein your tankard your
thermos your flask fill it with your
favorite liquid
well I cost me and join me now for this
simultaneous enter so apparently it's
time for the new annual disclosure from
the president about his financials now
this is not as I understand it not in
his tax returns although maybe this man
I don't think it's his tax returns but
the president will be updating on his
financials and I was looking at CNN to
see how they would report on this and
CNN is setting it up this way there are
two possibilities either the president's
financials are good in which case he's
obviously a criminal because it means
he's capitalizing on his office or his
financials are not good in which case
he's a giant fraud and everything he
said about being good at business is a
lie so seeing as CNN has actually fairly
boldly created a frame where the
president is a loser if he made a lot of
money
well actually he'd be a criminal in
their mind if he made a lot of money
because then he'd be capitalizing on his
presidency but if he lost money or
didn't do well well then he's just a big
ol liar because he should be good at
business why is he losing money so yeah
it's weird to see this
same article set it up as it's bad
either way and they're very clear about
it it's bad either way doesn't matter
what it is
does it sorry my cat has just jumped up
here so yes the camera is moving around
that's because of it's because of this
cat she got away all right so that's
enough of that
that's that's the fun thing to watch is
that it'll just be bad no matter what it
is apparently there are a few new books
about Trump wolf who's written a sequel
about Trump and some of the guy on Don
Lemon were saying we've had some he has
had such bad things about the president
that are such ridiculous things I'm not
even gonna repeat him but I love the
fact that that that the news the
anti-trump news is so run out of good
things to say in terms of criticizing
the president they've just run out of
material Russia thing didn't work out
border border became a crisis after all
the Trump was right Isis seems to be
pretty well stomp down everybody agrees
we should be tough with the Chinese even
Schumer agrees that negotiating with the
Chinese makes sense he's kind of winning
on everything the economy is screaming
so they're looking to fiction as their
criticism and I'm not even making that
up it's actually writers who are writing
these allegedly non-fiction books but
we've seen enough of them to know that
they're actually just fiction it's going
to be anonymous person in the White
House says that President Trump
suggested straggling puppies and then
nobody will come forward who was the
person who said that it'll just they'll
just sit there in a book and of course
CNN will report it according to this
author and an anonymous source so this
is the president
recommended strangling puppies but
luckily his advisors talked him out of
it some of them had to had to threaten
to quit if if they hadn't threatened to
quit the president would have
implemented his policy of strangling all
puppies so you know that's coming so I
can't think of a more positive sign for
the country then we've run out of
factual criticisms of the president and
now we're literally counting on authors
to write books in which they make stuff
up just so there's something to talk
about on CNN it's all they have left all
right speaking of a news as you know if
you watch this
I often criticize the anti-trump press
for their obvious fake news and I of
course spend way too much time talking
about the fine people hoaxes in which
the president has just misinterpreted
they use the misinterpretation answer
criticism well just to show you that I
play fair Fox News on their website has
one of the worst bits of fake news
you're ever going to see and it's kind
of a perfect analogy to the fine people
hoax so in the interest of fairness and
I know you don't like this I'm going to
defend a osz here's the story if that's
what is this was just terrible I mean
this is really bad fake news and it's
obvious fake news that I'm not gonna
I will not introduce any new information
I'm just gonna tell you what the facts
are as reported by the news and watch
how fake news is is so you know that
Alabama passes law about abortion so aoc
makes the following tweet which I which
I acknowledge is a little ambiguous the
way she wrote it but here's what she
said her exact words alibi
Alabama lawmakers are making all
abortions a felony punishable with jail
time , the comma is important including
women victimized by rape and incest of
course no added punishments for rapists
blah blah blah so here's the sentence
that was misinterpreted all right here's
the sentence she says Alabama lawmakers
are making all abortions of felony
punishing punishable with jail time
comma including women victimized by rape
and incest so the way the critics have
mistakenly interpreted this is that a or
C doesn't understand the law and she
believes that the women who have been
victimized by rape and incest would be
punished should they get an abortion
which of course is not what the law says
the law says that only the the medical
provider is subject to the Punnett the
penalties the woman who has the abortion
even in the illegal abortion is not
subject to penalties even under the
Alabama law so people say aoc you are so
stupid you you don't know you know you
don't know the law and of course here's
how and so Michael Knowles over at the
Daily wire said this is a lie and he he
clarifies that the woman will not be
punished and then calleb Hall I don't
know who he's with but he says
everything about this tweet by ABC is
false women will not face jail time all
right so now the critics have
interpreted what she said has to mean
that a woman who was subject to a rape
could actually go to jail if she got an
abortion so that's how they interpreted
her tweet and they're saying it's wrong
and then this sentence on Fox News says
after after the
quotes about the people who say that she
got the facts wrong they say Acacio
Cortez didn't admit her error and
instead went on to blame social media
platform for having limited space that
my friends is disgusting fake news I
love my Fox News Network and you know
I've said this often my favorite my
favorite shows on television are on Fox
News the five for example but this
report really needs to be just taken off
the site this is embarrassing
fake news here's what she meant and of
course she clarified that she was she
was being misinterpreted but she didn't
do a good job of clarifying other now
that you know that she understood read
the quote again
listen to the quote again but this time
imagine that Jo C does know the law
because she knows the law she knows that
the woman is not subject to the penalty
okay so you have to start with the
assumption that she's not an idiot and
now listen to the court again okay
assuming she's not an idiot assuming she
does know that the law does not punish
women under any condition listen to her
exact sentence again Ella boy lawmakers
are making all abortions a felony okay
so that part is true nobody's
disagreeing punishable with jail time
that part everybody agrees comma
including women victimized by rape and
incest the including women victimized by
rape and incest clearly refers to the
fact that even under those circumstances
there would be illegal that's just true
it is true that even under rape and
incest the Alabama law would say it's
illegal there's nowhere in your sentence
that says the woman will be Penant will
be punished it's just not there you have
to imagine first that she doesn't
understand the most basic stuff about
abortion and the law
if you uh if you believe that then you
can see that the the sentence is unclear
but if you start with the assumption
that she knows what she's talking about
because she does all right because she
does and again I'm not defending her
opinion on abortion right there's
nothing that I'm saying in this
periscope which should be construed as
my opinion on abortion it's not here I'm
only talking about words messages
communication the meaning of those
messages that's all I'm talking about so
she says I don't read it again they're
making all abortions of felony
punishable with jail time including
women victimized by rape and incest the
including women victimized by rape and
incest refers to the all abortions part
all abortions including women were in
those situations and they're all illegal
that is just exactly what the law is and
Fox News reports it showing to pundits
who misinterpreted something that really
shouldn't have been misinterpreted and
acted as I was just a fact you got it
wrong and then Fox News reports it like
it's a fact it's not a fact
it's the opposite of a fact it's very
clearly not what she's saying now what
does this remind you of do you remember
when a candidate Trump the first time he
got in trouble well I don't know if it
was the first time she got it he got in
trouble for a live interview question in
which the president was asked if women
should be punished for getting an
abortion and his first instinct before
he had been you know fully informed on
how these things work his first instinct
was yes of course if somebody breaks the
law of course they're being punished he
punished the doctor he punished the the
mother
so that was Trump's first reaction
people you know the country blew up and
even people on his team said oh that's
not the law the law very intentionally
does not criminalize the woman's act
because the woman's
you know according to the law and
according to the people who who are in
favor of the laws the way they are they
would say that the woman is sort of a
victim and it's really the doctor who
should be punished because the woman's
in a bad and what the argument is she's
in a bad frame of mind or she's the
victim to something along those lines
but whether or not that's a good law or
not the point is that the president got
that fact wrong as soon as somebody
explained him the better context he
immediately adjusted to which I actually
gave him credit making a mistake
no problem at all in my mind so my
philosophy of human fallibility is that
people making mistakes just normal
people make mistakes people have blind
spots people have you know limited
ignorance on certain topics making
mistakes is just part of the human
experience
but what you do about it once you
realize it was a mistake it tells you a
lot more about the person and what Trump
did about it was he immediately revised
his his public opinion and said no I
don't mean the women this should apply
to the to the medical provider so this
is the same situation there well it's
the same topic it's not the same
situation
AOC certainly knows and that there's
nothing you could do to convince me
otherwise she certainly knows that the
law applies to the provider not to the
woman and her quote clearly can be read
two ways one of them is stupid and one
of them is completely consistent with
everything we know so I'm taking the I'm
taking the opinion there why she said is
completely consistent with everything
she's ever said completely consistent
with the laws completely consistent with
the facts and she confirmed it by saying
no you took that out of context and Fox
News reported it as she she what was
their exact turn
buh-buh-buh-buh she didn't admit her
error now here's the honest way to the
non fake news way to report that they
don't know it was an error because to
know it was an error would be to know
her inner thoughts and that's not an
evidence we don't know her inner
thoughts the most you could say as news
as opposed to opinion is that people
read it as though she meant it a certain
way and then she said I didn't mean it
that way and then say what the law says
that would be news news would be it's
ambiguous people questioned it she said
no you're misinterpreting me
I am compatible with the law here's the
law here's what I mean that would be
news it's not news that it's a mistake
that's an opinion and it's not an
evidence and it's not the most likely
explanation of what happened all right
so rather than hammering that forever
let me just say that I spent much of
yesterday listening to idiots on Twitter
tell me that what I have to do Dale for
this this was a half of my day
for the last couple days I spent half of
my day addressing this well Scott you
are very very quick to point out when
the president has been misinterpreted
but why did you ever say anything about
the other side oh oh I get it because
you're a right-wing Nazi or something
right so you only talk about one side
you only say when there's one side which
of course is exactly what I don't do I
do literally the opposite of that and
all day long yesterday I had to deal
with idiots who know this much about me
and and they claim that I only take one
side now do I mostly talk about
pro-trump things of course I do because
that's that's a a niche which is
underserved yeah there are plenty of
people who are doing the fact-checking
and I fully addressed that I wrote a
whole book about it I fully acknowledge
all of those things in the fact-checking
I think 75% of them are actually correct
fact-checking probably 25% of them are
just opinions but I still acknowledge
there are a lot of them I talk about
them all the time I say that he is
directionally accurate he uses hyperbole
and it has a utility I don't I don't say
that it what happened I talk about them
all the time
likewise I've talked about a number of
hoaxes on both sides this is another one
so I'm gonna call this one hoax and
chalk it up to I don't know wishful
thinking or something all right let's
talk about Iran sue how many days now
has it been since we heard that there's
some kind of unspecified Iranian danger
and we're moving major military assets
into the region and the public is saying
okay I guess I guess today's the day
that we find out why we're doing that
and it happened again once you know once
again we don't know why our nation may
or may not be readying for war with a
pretty major military power wouldn't you
like to know that now I'm okay with the
fact that there might be national
security secrets there may be reasons
that that the administration is doing it
you know there may there might be
reasons I'm willing to accept that there
are but how long do we the public go
without seeing the reasons Trump saw
pictures of guns on Iranian ship or
missiles or something well whatever it
is I don't know why we can't
told lessor some secret way we found out
the stuff I guess but I'm certainly not
in favor of any military action short of
knowing why let's talk about immigration
so the president's gonna unveil a Jared
Kushner made immigration I think it will
not have details but it's a framework
for what the president wants and it has
to do with a lottery instead of our
current immigration process now here's
here's the framing that I like to put on
this that I haven't seen the
administration use and I think it's the
strongest one and let me let me compare
this to the weaker of frames a weak way
to sell immigration the president's plan
this is say it's bringing in crime very
effective for selling Republicans and
conservatives so it's a it's a great way
to sell conservatives they bring in more
crime than we need you can't really sell
it to the other side because they just
say well they're human beings and you
know crime comes with humans so really
you're just being a racist because
they're just human beings I'm
simplifying nobody says it's just that
way but the point is it's an
unpersuasive argument to people who see
that the human suffering as the primary
thing that they care about then you see
people saying it's bad for the economy
but there's an argument in both ways and
the public doesn't really know what to
make of it some say it's bad for the
economy some say they're adding I don't
you know I I pay attention to the news
and I don't know what's true some of you
think you know if you saw that one story
on one side but trust me there are
convincing arguments on both sides if
you've only seen the convincing argument
on one side you probably think you know
something but you don't you know I've
got a degree in economics
I've seen the arguments I can't tell can
you tell you think you can tell if it's
economically good or bad that we leave
immigration in its current form
I don't know clearly there are some
expenses clearly there are some benefits
I have no idea so here's how I would
suggest talking about immigration in a
way that you can get everybody to agree
and it goes like this it goes like this
who gets to decide what the immigration
policy is in the United States at the
moment Guatemalans are deciding along
with the Mexican cartel that's not an
exaggeration it is literally true that
given our current state of immigration
laws who comes to this country is
decided entirely by Guatemalans and
other Central Americans and other
Mexicans and importantly by the Mexican
cartel because they control the border
and nobody gets through unless the
cartels take their their piece of the
action so we have actually delegated
accidentally we've delegated control of
our border from Congress to Guatemalans
in Guatemala I'm not even talking about
Guatemalans who have come to this
country and are living as citizens but
not legal citizens not even talking
about the ones who are here I'm talking
about people sitting in Guatemala
sitting in I know El Salvador sitting in
Mexico people in other countries they're
sitting in their kitchen and they're
deciding what our immigration policy is
by their actions if they decide to stay
where they are that's that's what our
immigration is if they decide to walk a
north
well then they've decided that they can
come to this country it's their decision
the decision has been completely
transferred out of the control of the
Congress and into the control of the
cartel
and I don't think anybody would question
the fact I just gave so I would say that
the the the fake conversation that's
happening right now is how generous we
should be that's a fake conversation
because the people on the Left are
saying let's be you know generous and
compassionate and you know just take
care of people who are in bad situation
they're coming in I have much empathy
for that opinion the Conservatives would
tend to say something closer to we like
compassion too but we'd like to focus it
first on our nation as long as you are
talking about those two possibilities be
more generous or being a little bit more
selfish meaning more for this nation
less for people from other countries you
never have a solution you cannot solve
it with that frame you have to move it
to the fact that we've taken the
decision-making completely and of the
United States we have offshored the
decision Congress doesn't have anything
to do with who's coming across the
border now they have no say now what is
the one thing that people on both sides
of the aisle in Congress agree on
there's one thing that every person in
Congress agrees on they want more
control not less there is not one person
in Congress who will say I would like
Congress to have less control over the
the important events in this country
none nobody can make that argument once
you have transferred control away from
Guatemalans and el Salvadorians and
Mexican citizens and the cartel once
you've transferred the decision-making
over to Congress and the only way you
can do that is by securing the border so
that they can they can make it as loose
where as tight as they want but not
until you control it so you got to get
control first then Congress is in charge
and then they can say you
we'd like to let a lot of people in
let's just you know open the gates a
little bit you know let in greater
numbers or lesser number of people
whether we're feeling generous or
feeling selfish but if you're dealing
with the generous or selfish question
you're on the wrong question because we
don't decide it doesn't matter what
Congress decides if they're thinking
generous or selfish it doesn't matter
what they do because they don't have the
decision it's completely in the hands of
people walking in our direction it's not
an American decision if you can't
wrestle the decision back into Congress
don't have a decision about how generous
or unkind or or selfishness it's the
wrong conversation you can't even get to
that conversation because we're not in
charge of the decision so that's the way
I would frame it I'd put it in a 42-day
a systems frame which is first you gotta
fix the system and then decide what your
goal is if you have a good system that
system would work just as well for
opening a door and it's closing a door
it's a system that opens doors and
closes doors but the control of that
door is in Congress right now we don't
have a door all the control is with
people who don't even live here so
that's it all right so we'll see what
happens with all of that I'm sure it'll
devolve into accusations of racism
because everything did everything does
somebody says that's what Trump's been
saying all along
no no that is not what Trump has been
saying all along he may be thinking it
he may be suggesting it it may be
implied in all the things that he's
saying and doing but it's never been
said as clearly as I've expressed it and
it's the clarity of the frame that makes
it useful and unclear implied framed
personally at anybody now and Mexico
will pay for it you know I would not if
I were a betting person yeah if you bet
that Trump last two terms do you think
that there's nothing that will happen in
any kind of form or way but by the end
of his second term that wouldn't make
Mexico pay for at least a little bit of
that wall I'm not I'm not predicting
it'll happen but I think it would be
somebody says I just shattered my a
oversee argument I was just shaking my
hand I sometimes I just sometimes I lose
all faith in humanity cuz I don't even
know what you mean but I know that when
if I heard it it would make my give me a
headache
cuz I'm sure it's not a good point I may
be wrong about that but it feels like
whatever you're thinking is a bad point
I know that's mind reading but justjust
just telling you how it feels okay just
look at your comments use el Chapo's
money yeah I mean why couldn't we use
the the cartels you know the other thing
that I wondered is if you if you could
turn the cartels against each other you
know if you assume that everybody who
works for a cartel is doing it from the
money you know there's no I don't think
there's anybody working for a cartel who
has a larger ambition to you know infect
the United States with drugs or any that
I think people work for the cartels are
doing it for the money or to stay alive
you know that's a good reason but it
makes me wonder to what extent we could
bribe the cartels to turn against each
other well let me put it another way do
you think that we could bribe the
cartels to prevent people from crossing
the border well I suppose that would
turn into a some kind of a Holocaust
because the cartels might do it in ways
that we don't like them to do it but I
keep wondering couldn't you just turn
the cartels against each other cuz it's
just body couldn't you just say hey
cartels all you have to do is give us
you know give us the GPS coordinates of
your leaders and suddenly you're gonna
get some Bitcoin anybody want some
Bitcoin you're gonna find yourself with
a lot of Bitcoin if you just give us the
GPS location know if your leader that's
it
nobody knows if you got Bitcoin there's
there's no you know I mean I could
suppose people could find out but if
you're just some cartel guy with a
smartphone nobody knows you got Bitcoin
all right somebody said Tom Clancy book
says it can be done well maybe so
alright I don't have anything else to
say so unless you have some questions
I'm going to go do something else and
turn Derek Prince loose on the cartels
why not why not could we let me let me
put it this way could could we hire a
mercenary army to go after the cartels
and keep their money just tell the
cartel that tell the mercenary army look
here's the deal you can keep whatever
you get you know will give you Intel you
know if you need a if you need a drone
to come in anyway I'm sure all of those
things are completely politically
impossible because you can't go to war
with Mexico as Mexico would see it
so I I don't think you would actually
work but have you seen my sort of edge
on Ruben I haven't yet but I'll watch
that you saw that Media Matters was
going after dave rubin for even having
mike's image on the show and you know of
course it's all things he did or said
some time ago and it makes me wonder
does Media Matters want to live in the
world that they're trying to create does
Media Matters want to live in a world
where people will always be the opinion
they used to have but they don't have
anymore like what kind of world is that
judging people by an opinion they used
to hold but don't hold that anymore and
that's maybe one of the worst standards
you could ever you could ever have so
Media Matters is a ridiculous cancer on
society but I'm sure they think they're
doing God's work
yeah there's story about the Harvard
firing the african-american professor
because he was going to defend Harvey
Weinstein and it is distressing to know
that even people smart enough to go to
Harvard are still so dumb that they
don't understand what lawyers are how do
you how do you get into the Harvard and
not understand that lawyers can work for
both sides and and the system is better
for it
yeah how does such a basic concept elude
people who go to Harvard I do not really
understand that all right yeah so Joe
Scarborough said that trumps looks 20
years younger than the Democrats I can
scatter
isn't it Trump just doesn't register as
his age oh speaking of age you have to
see a video you have to see this just
google it a little pop right up so Mick
Jagger who is 75 years old recently had
a heart valve surgery and he's recovered
now and I guess they delayed a tour and
now he's you may be trying to get back
in shape for it and there's a video of
him dancing in some kind of little dance
studio and I don't know if he was
preparing for the tour or not but you
have to see 75 year old Mick Jagger
dancing like he's 14 years old I'm he
moves he moves like he's 14 well you
know you don't see any age I mean you
could tell by his face of course but
he's kept his weight down you stayed in
shape evidently somebody said they
thought it was an old video no this is
after her heart surgery 75 years old and
I'll tell you it totally made my day it
totally made my day and there is this
I'm turning him 62 and about a month and
you know when you get a certain age you
start thinking how many how much time do
I have left
that's good time you know at the moment
I'm peak of health
everything's great my life is perfect
better than it's ever been but I keep
asking myself how much time do I have
left you know in five years am I still
gonna be as healthy as I am and then I
then I see Mick Jagger 75 dancing like a
kid and I say to myself it really is
assuming you've got at least a good you
know genetic base you know you're you're
now sick in some genetic way apparently
lifestyle makes a big difference so
three years tops
[Laughter]
how about that hand pass in the hockey
game last night didn't see it alright I
was gonna do another shirtless selfie
when I turned 62 only only because it
makes the the internet so angry the last
time I did a shirtless selfie and by the
way for context I wrote a book which
include as a major part of the book
fitness and health advice I feel very
strongly that if you give people
information in this case I was
describing systems it wasn't advice per
se but I feel very strongly that if you
are publicly talking about fitness and
health in your mail okay you're kind of
obliged to take off your shirt because
you gotta show that you're that you can
live the thing you're talking about now
I'm completely aware that nobody wants
to see anybody over 60 take off their
shirt I get it I get it again you know
and I would not present it as aesthetic
value it's not art you know it's not
it's not so that you can have a fantasy
it is simply to show that at age 62
you can look pretty tight and I think
that would be tremendously valuable
because I think I think we allow
ourselves to age into whatever way we
think is the way we're supposed to age I
really think there's a mental component
to aging in the sense that if if you if
you imagine that you're supposed to be
unhealthy and your sixties you you sort
of lead yourself into it if you imagine
that you could be Mick Jagger when
you're 75 I think you do different
things I think you say I guess exercise
does make a difference I guess maybe I
should have the protein shake instead
the bread so I'm still trying to decide
whether I want to do that selfie part of
the reason is that when I did the first
one I was emphasizing weight
so the first selfie I had good muscle
definition but I was really going for a
love weight Kristina asked me to put on
weight so she actually said totally
prefer you to be a little heavier you
know even if it means you know looking
not as let's say aesthetically you know
ideal she would prefer me just to be a
little bigger weight wise so I tried to
bulk up primarily with exercise yeah you
know I did need more just to get my
weight up a few pounds so the my current
look is more muscular and less felt and
I thought that was worth showing because
it's you know two looks at the same age
and both of them are possible without a
lot of work so neither of them required
much work no I've never I've now used
any steroids or other supplements I
don't use any kind of don't use any kind
of supplements or illegal or legal
anything that just use a protein yeah
eating a lot of protein is pretty much
the whole thing so anyway I haven't
decided if I want to do that but I might
do that in June and we'll see anyway I
will talk to you all later