hey everybody it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams single long everybody raise
your mug yeah let's have a simultaneous
tip to the best morning all day long all
right we got lots to talk about number
one in no particular order there's a
report the NBC is reporting that several
sources and the intelligence community
several of them have reported that North
Korea is cheating by enriching uranium
or something now the interesting the
interesting part of that story is I've
never seen a story that had so little
credibility which doesn't mean it's not
true all right I have no idea if it's
true or not true it could easily be true
but when you hear that several several
intelligence sources told NBC something
what have you learned nothing that's
like saying nothing now B now what are
the odds that NBC or some intelligence
people plus NBC what are the odds that
yeah what are the odds that so many
people would be leaking from
intelligence sources first of all and
and second of all what are the chances
that NBC would try to risk a nuclear war
in order to improve the chances of
Democrats in the midterms all right
would NBC risk nuclear annihilation just
to get a little advantage in the
midterms I think so yeah I think they
would you know all the evidence suggests
that they absolutely would do that now
of course they would rationalize it by
saying well we're you know maybe we're
maybe preventing a bigger problem by
letting this President Trump have his
way
so yeah they would so we live in a world
where when NBC says multiple anonymous
intelligence agencies have told us X you
could just ignore it it might be true it
might be but there's no credibility
there whatsoever you could just ignore
it now if it turns out that it's true
meaning that other sources reported or
let's say the administration
acknowledges it or John Bolton goes on
some show and says yeah we're seeing
some stuff we don't like well then I'd
say chances are pretty good that there's
something going on we need to know more
about but if all it is is NBC and
anonymous sources all right all right
let's talk about the trouble I got in
yesterday so Mike Tsarevich noted first
that Octavia Cortez seems to have the
skills or a master persuader persuasion
wise not talking about her politics I'm
not endorsing her I'm not supporting her
but I agree with the observation that
her per game is very high now it might
be luck this she won this first one but
when was the last time you you know
who's the last politician you heard
being called lucky Trump the reason that
you call somebody lucky when they've won
something that is hard to win is because
you don't understand how they did it and
people I think don't understand how she
got so far and so you default to well
maybe lucky maybe it's or gender plus or
ethnicity plus low turnout yeah and
what's the other what do I tell you when
people have lots of reasons for a thing
if you have lots of different reasons to
explain something probably cognitive
dissonance not always I mean it could be
there just lots of things but when you
see lots of different explanations for
why something unusual happen probably
means nobody knows and one of the ways
that nobody would know is if it's
because it's skill because people don't
recognize persuasion skill allow me to
make the case that she had a skill I'm
not a socialist I'm not recommending her
policies people on Twitter said my god
you said she has skill you must be a
socialist no those things are not in any
way connected you can have skill and not
be a socialist it's possible so the
skill and the socialist part are
separate questions you can hate her for
socialists part let's just talk about
the skill now there are two things that
that she said that are a pretty extreme
one is to eliminate ice now when you
hear that don't you say to yourself you
can't eliminate ice I mean you could
change the name or you could you know
merge it with another Department but the
function of course is going to remain
because there has to be some enforcement
of the border now she is apparently
admitted that she sometimes takes
extreme positions as an anchor because
that gives her lots of room to negotiate
to what she really wants
which is that our immigration our
immigration and let's say enforcement is
friendlier in whatever way she would
like to see a friendlier more
family-friendly for example would be one
part of that so when you see somebody
with her talent saying something
insanely too much where have you seen
that before does that remind you in any
way of another candidate who once ran
for president saying he would deport 14
million undocumented folks from the
United States who were otherwise working
and minding their business when you
heard that didn't you say well that's
not even possible
I mean with that was a civil war but now
that he's doing things which are extreme
by historical standards but not nearly
as extreme as you know deporting
fourteen million people
he sounds close to reasonable because he
started with such a big anchor so I a
view of Cortes has explicitly told us in
an interview that she does the same
thing she's making a big first ask to
see how much room that gives her to
negotiate to something more reasonable
now what was everybody talking about for
the past several days since she won her
nomination everybody was talking about
her everybody was talking about
eliminating ice she controlled the
conversation from her small small
position in the world I mean she's a
rank beginner literally not even elected
and she's already controlling the
conversation you can think that's a
coincidence
you can think that's lucky at your peril
at your peril because that doesn't look
like luck to me that is so on Form for
perfect persuasion that if it's lucky
well it's pretty lucky now let's take
another example she has she has labeled
herself some kind of a socialist and she
has said among other things she said
that she'd like to see you two versatile
healthcare now the world blows up and
they say my god she's actually an out of
the closet socialist
we can't go that far socialism never
works
guess what oh I hate that phrase did you
know that she has a degree in economics
put this together she has a degree in
economics which means she understands
economics at least at the big picture at
the same time she's supporting socialism
which a hundred percent of economists or
something like that would say doesn't
work how do you explain that she's got a
degree in economics and she's taking an
economic position they couldn't possibly
work full socialism had he explained it
she's a master persuader because full
socialism isn't what she really wants
she doesn't want that because she
understands it can't work she's creating
space you calling a lying guess what
everybody calls President Trump when he
uses hyperbole guess what they call
President Trump when he takes an extreme
position and then backs off it to
something he still wants but it's less
than the extreme her technique is right
on point she's on point totally on point
she is going to she'd made extreme
claims she has completely dominated the
conversation she sucked all of the
energy and
the you know the the political thought
on her and she'll said that great
campaign commercial that was very visual
very emotional hit every note
coincidence is it a coincidence it could
be you know it's still a little early to
rule out she got lucky but the odds of
this being luck are very very low and
let me say again as clearly as I can I'm
not backing her politics but neither is
she right she's negotiating with the
country she is taking our attention
she's got her focus she's controlling
the conversation don't underestimate her
and and what is she 28 or whatever it is
28
imagine this level of political skill at
28 okay so that's enough about that I'm
not supporting her not supporting
socialism I'm just supporting her I'm
just commenting on her skill level let's
talk about children and cages you know
what children in cages I'm talking about
I'm talking about the poor Democrats
whose policies are childlike and they
can't get end of that little gauge so
the the he had the Democrats like to
have policies that are opposing the
president that are not complete policies
meaning that there for feverishly
fervently pushing policies that would
only make sense to a child because it's
either all the costs or oh you know or
all the benefits but it's only looking
at half of the situation let me give you
an example when I was a little
kid I don't know if I was five or how
old I was I insisted that my father
build me a airplane now I didn't want
something that looked like an airplane I
wanted him to build me an airplane and
of wood because he you know here's had
some carpentry skills so I thought well
how hard could it be to build an
airplane so I bugged my father until he
built some kind of a little toy airplane
that I could sit in that didn't actually
fly but it was the best I could do
the best he could do best anybody could
do with carpentry and that was sort of a
my childlike view is I don't see why an
airplane can't be built and it would by
my father how hard could it be right a
child's view likewise when you say stuff
like hey let's just sign a piece of
paper and then all the children will be
kept together that's sort of like
building an airplane and of you know and
a wood they you the wood that you happen
to have sitting in your backyard I lived
in the country we had a wood in our
backyard don't judge me
so because here's the thing the the
separating kids and parents was done
primarily to keep the children safe so
if you're asking to put them back
together
are you questioning that they are that
they'll be safer apart because I didn't
hear anybody say that or are you saying
that you accept the fact that some of
those kids will be raped and killed
because they're being put back with
people or not necessarily their parents
if you're gonna do it quickly or are you
imagining that the facilities to put
families and kids together suddenly
quadruple because somebody signed a
piece of paper only children can think
this way things don't happen quickly and
the problem that President Trump found
himself in is that the the number of
people coming across with kids
skyrocketed because
you know they learned that it was a
loophole and it could get them some
advantage so you can't compare what
Trump's doing to what Obama did because
the the scale of the problem magnified
so much you know once that when a small
problem it becomes a big problem it's
kind of a different problem because the
way you deal with it has to be different
so the children in cages metaphorically
are the Democrats who can't get out of
this little box of thinking that things
have easy answers and then you don't
need to consider the costs or get rid of
the army you can end war just by let's
just get rid of our military so that
would be a childlike response to to
ending war
how about health care here's the
childlike approach to health care
universal health care done signed a
piece paper build me an airplane Anna
would you found in the backyard how hard
could it be I can say it in words but if
you were to give her it but a universal
health care what would that look like in
terms of budgets and taxes and the
economy and everything else and by the
way I've been saying for a long time I
I'm in favor of universal health care in
the sense of universal access but I
think we get there by changing how it's
delivered and bringing down the cost so
that you know at a very low at a very
low cost you could get most of what you
need you know you still need some
insurance for the catastrophic stuff
probably look at almost any other issue
at the Democrats let's take in income
inequality let's fix our income
inequality says the child in a cage how
how do you do that without driving out
all the capitalists do you just take
their money and transfer it to somebody
you know what does that do to
sentence into the economy yeah yeah I'm
not going to touch that one but you can
go down the list and you'll find that
the there's a an adult policy which has
costs and benefits so president Trump is
pushing and what I would call an adult
concept for immigration an adult concept
looks like this there's something we
want to accomplish which is protecting
the country it's going to have a big
cost it ain't free but if you compare
what it costs to our benefits the
benefits are bigger that feels like in
an adult conversation even if you decide
that you know you rank the variables
differently you're at least having an
adult conversation somebody said you
sidestepped income inequality why'd I
sidestep it I just mentioned that it's
impractical to simply transfer money to
people right how crazier things gonna
get with a Supreme Court nominee next
week well some of it depends on the
nominee here's a yeah I think we have to
wait and see what who the nominee is
before we know how bad things are gonna
get they use Roe vs. Wade yeah they're
the Roe versus Wade argument is also a
childlike argument because there's a
little complexity here that's being
ignored which is even if the Supreme
Court said well we were out of the
business it would get kicked to the
states the states would have to deal
with the severe economic repercussions
of changing their
abortion laws so it's not as simple as
added justice and Roe versus Wade gets
overturned I'm not seeing that happening
talk about the judge list I'm not
familiar with the judges on the list
did you see more Michael Moore on no I
did not I did see Michael Moore saying
that he is crying about the children in
the cages because he is a child in a
cage metaphorically playing the illegal
alien parents that too is a childlike
view so let me say that the childlike
view is not limited to Democrats because
I just saw one go by that's a well I
would consider eight a childlike view
and that is that we should blame the
parents for bringing these children who
ended up separated from them that's how
children think specifically children say
that the problem and the solution have
to be the same the problem is that these
adults are bringing children everybody
agrees that's the problem but that
doesn't mean that that those same adults
are the solution what does it mean to
say well it's their fault I'm done you
know the world isn't that simple it's
our frickin problem too so just because
they caused the problem doesn't make
doesn't absolve us from doing what we
can do to lessen the impact of that
problem so if you're saying blame it on
the adults done that is a childlike view
that ignores the complexity of the
situation what about the solo children I
don't know exactly how important that
comment was Shapiro on Mar has he been
there are you saying that he was there
last night I didn't watch it last night
we could boot them back and immediately
make it their problem we could boot them
back if we again another childlike view
we can boot them back if we would like
to be in violation of international
norms about amnesty because it turns out
that some percentage some percentage of
these people coming across have genuine
amnesty requirements and just kicked
them back ignores that now if you're
saying let's just kick them back and
let's get end of the amnesty business
for everybody all the time
I would say that's that's an adult view
which you can agree with or disagree
with but if you just ignore the amnesty
issue and just say just just don't let
them in it doesn't matter if they have
amnesty you're not really part of the
conversation you're you're a child in a
cage if you can't see the whole picture
you're a child in a cage you're asking
your parents to build you a a an
airplane out of wood that's sitting in
the back yard less than 20% have an
amnesty case but you got to find out
once they get here the thoughts on the
guy running for Mexico well apparently
the guy running for Mexico who is likely
to win is talking about overwhelming our
borders with folks and it could be that
he is also using hyperbole it could be
he doesn't really mean that but I think
we have to treat it like he does because
that's the sort of risk you don't want
to not be ready for you have to fix the
source yeah
I don't know how much power we have to
fix the source if you're gonna fix the
source I think you would invade let's
just walk this right I was thinking
about this the other day so the it seems
to me that the problems with the
countries that are sending immigrants to
the United States is that they either
have cartels or ms-13 gangs that are so
powerful that that is causing the
immigration that people can't even live
in their own countries if that's true we
should at least consider invading and
when I say invading there's a couple
ways you could do that one would be to
legalize let's say what would you call
it not bounty hunters but what do you
call soldiers who work for money what's
the word for that what's what's the word
for soldiers who work for a buddy why am
i blanking on that mercenaries thank you
one of the things you could do is give a
blank check to mercenaries and say look
we'll even we'll fly you over will give
you military support just kill as many
ms-13 and cartel members as you want and
it's just like hunting season just go
nuts just kill as many as you want and
we'll you know maybe we'll pay you per
kill or something like that because
right now the you know the the
governments are weaker than than the
criminals when the governments are
weaker than the criminals and you don't
want to invade and take over the
government
drop some mercenaries in there and just
have them take care of it because I'm
pretty sure we could drop mercenaries in
there who are far more trained and
capable than the people they're hunting
and you know if they get if they got
surrounded or something maybe we could
pull them out or give them air support
or something but I'll bet you could just
drop a bunch of mercy
Aries behind their lines and just have
them hunt take down as many as they want
I'm not saying that's the best idea in
the world I'm just saying that if
anybody has a better idea I like the
Europe because consider all the
alternative ideas we'll just brainstorm
for a moment yeah this isn't a topic
I've thought a lot about if you were to
try to help the economies of those
countries because you think you're so oh
it's the bad economy that's that's why
they're sending people here you're
missing the fact that a lot of them are
leaving because of violence and you're
missing the fact that the the gangs and
the cartels will suck up any money that
comes into the country so you really
can't just help their economy because
crime is the problem that's hurting the
economy it's making the government
malfunction it's causing people please
you have to go after the the source
problem and the source problem
would have to be dealt with either by
well one of the ways you could deal with
the gangs and the cartels you can give
money to the governments but the
government's are probably owned by the
cartels at least enough that that's not
going to work you give money to their
militaries but the military is probably
on the take or enough of them are that
it wouldn't work so you can't invade
because we're you know we don't really
want to be in the country invading
business you can't help their government
and you can't help their economy what's
left
seriously what's left you can't help the
economy you can't help their government
there's nothing left
you can't invade mercenaries suppose you
started dropping mercenaries to hunt
their cartels what would the governments
of those countries say damn it stop it
of course most of them would be paid off
by the carp the cartels and the the
gangs to say that I suppose but they
would complain so
right of all the ideas there are a bunch
of ones that just can't possibly work
and there's one that's a terrible idea
dropping mercenaries in their country
and supporting them with our military
you know sort of on the down-low
it's a terrible idea you're gonna get
you civilians killed it's going to be
essentially an attack on a on an allied
country you know you've got all these
problems but but still might be the best
idea
I'm just not ignoring that it would have
a terrific cost as well as a terrific
upside so yeah when I say allied
countries I mean countries like Mexico
which you know El Salvador there they're
essentially in our sphere of you know
sphere of the Americas allied situation
not it doesn't mean they're in NATO
drones drones indeed drones could be
part of the helping a you know group on
the ground now I would imagine that you
could find in fact check this for me
don't you think you could find lots of
Special Forces types who would do this
job I don't think there would be a
manpower problem I feel as if we could
get that done there would be plenty of
volunteers and if they had you know
nearly unlimited American military
support on the down-low perhaps
I feel like they could take care of this
pretty quickly and they could do things
maybe that our military wouldn't do or
couldn't do or you know and it's sort of
there's some deniability there
[Music]
I think Eric Prince's out of that
business isn't he I thought he's sold
Blackwater does he still own Blackwater
do you think ms-13 watches my periscopes
well I certainly hope not but probably
not so if you talk about this idea later
make sure you attributed to Maxine
Waters so nobody comes after me
why not use mercenaries on the border to
do what kill kill immigrants I don't
even know why would you do that somebody
I think somebody suggested a a crypto
coin to an ICO to to fund mercenaries so
but quite honestly so I've given you a
terrible idea you know supporting
mercenaries in a one and a neighboring
country has got to make you
uncomfortable right just the idea of it
but give me a better one you know it
doesn't have to be a detailed idea but
can somebody suggest in the comments a
better approach to getting at the source
of the immigration problem anybody
anything better than mercenaries
sensitivity training
stop employers from giving illegals work
I don't think so I don't think that's
do nothing now remember if you were to
simply stop them at the border or you
were to let's say police employers so
that they didn't give work to them you
would first of all be hurting American
businesses quite a bit but you wouldn't
be solving the problem the root problem
and I suspect that as long as the root
problem is now solved there will be
enough there will be enough employers
who will illy illegally use them but I
will acknowledge by the way I will
acknowledge that cutting off employers
from hiring might actually make a
difference so let's say you did both
Victor thinks that's what's happening in
the Middle East so wicker thinks that
mercenaries are working in the Middle
East I don't know if we need mercenaries
because we can operate in our full
military way there so I just don't know
why we'd need them legalize the drugs
well the cartels still have plenty of
markets and plenty of clout I don't know
if legalizing the drugs would make much
difference
hire illegals as mercenaries oh god
that's so bad
somebody said hire hire the illegal
immigrants as the mercenaries that's
taking that's making a bad idea worse
I mean ethically it'd be worse and
effectiveness wise it would be worse all
right so I think yeah I think we've
solved as much as we're going to solve
today I'm going to go back to work
have I covered all of the topics I
believe I have all right bye for now