alright let's try this in theory there's
gonna be sad because I made that an
adjustment all right can somebody tell
me if they can hear me because otherwise
they'll be talking for 10 minutes like I
did last time much better right
so it turns out if you're charging your
phone at the same time you are doing
this you don't get sound it would have
been nice to get a warning about that
anyway the part you missed
except for the lip readers under the lip
readers got at all but far you missed is
that I'm at the venerians waiting for
word of Snickers she twisted a muscle I
think and she over fetched so she so
she's at the red Marion across the
parking lot I have to stay out of here
for social distancing and if I get a
call from them I'll have to end this
pretty quickly so let's talk about Joe
Biden and the unmasking it's so greg
gutfeld had a great observation on the 5
that at a time when we're all wearing
masks the big story is about unmasking
and I think sometimes I think that the
simulation is throwing us material like
you know like Hawaii you know Hawaiian
shirt day or something it's like okay
we've got a theme it's gonna be masks
we're gonna start with a little ante
follow masks and then you know what you
get used to that not too scary little
antiphon we're gonna throw you right
into the chrome virus full mask and then
once everybody used two masks wait for
it we're gonna we're gonna hold it
unmasking two masks and unmasking it's
Maskelyne so what are the odds of that
yeah Snickers just has I think she
twisted or her back or something so
we're gonna give her some painkillers
she should be fine it's not the first
time she's had a sports injury she's
used to it
yeah we have a all night vet fortunately
so what else is going on let's talk
about slim and everything going on there
so doesn't feel like we're getting
really really close to putting somebody
in jail but it's not quite there it
feels like it just keeps giving
it's like Zeno's paradox you know where
you you if you have the distance from
something continuously you never get
there you're only halfway to the
distance so I could get closer and
closer and I say well surely there's an
obvious crime now right but it's not so
much an obvious crime as it is a bunch
of more questions such as why do 39
people need to unmask Michael Flynn like
three of them are ambassadors and you
know just that it looks like they have
nothing to do with anything so that's a
good question and I guess there are some
documents we have seen yet that would
describe why each of them thought they
needed to see it how much fun are we
gonna have should we ever see those
documents where all 39 people of them
including Biden had to explain what
their legitimate national security
interest was from seeing that I mean
isn't that gonna be hilarious I mean
they should be just ridiculous right now
the clever story if it's a cover story
is really really good so if you're
waiting for anybody to go down based on
what we've seen so far I think you'd be
disappointed something else would have
to come out for anybody to actually be
in trouble based on what we've seen you
know maybe you know maybe Durham has
something else that we haven't seen but
at the moment they can all say hey we
had some questions about his ties to
Russia seemed important so we looked
into it and that's sort of the end of it
and then you go to the other 39 people
and you say well why'd you look into it
and they would say the same thing
it seemed really important you know it's
like one of the most important things so
you know I looked into it and then part
of the argument is there are so many
unmasking that it's not unusual what
does that make it better I don't know if
that makes it better or worse do you
feel better that there were you know
fewer than I guess there were nine
thousand some unmasking last year and
they're even more under trend I guess I
guess I'm asking is just a routine that
you know why do we even mask anybody if
nine thousand got unmasked how many
people let me ask you this how many
people were under surveillance last year
that nine thousand of them got a mast
remember that's only the number that got
a mast nine thousand that was the last
year the Obama administration apparently
Trump administration's doing it too but
a lot of surveys that's a lot of
surveillance there so I think that we're
getting close but nothing there so the
the two movies is just a sort of
hilarious at the moment so I turned on I
don't see and then just to see another
universe and I swear oh I'm not making
this up when I watch CNN it's for the
entertainment because it's like being on
an acid trip I turn it on I go really
this is the reality that that you all
have there's a another another example
today if you read any of the
conservative press or conservative
social media the the word is that the
the coronavirus death count is almost
certainly overstated so all the
conservatives are sure that the fix is n
to overstate the number of deaths by
just coding everything as a coronavirus
death and that's just basically I would
say that's considered a fact I'm the
political right wouldn't you I'm not
saying it's a fact I'm saying that
wouldn't you say it is considered a fact
that the
various deaths are certainly over
counted I'm on the political right I
think you would agree with that
statement and I turn on CNN and I'm
watching Sanjay Gupta say it's almost
certainly true that the coronavirus
deaths are under counted because of all
the people who might have died and they
were never diagnosed maybe died home
some other reason
now those two worlds cannot live
together and one of two things is true
there there over over a counted or under
counted but it seems like everything on
CNN is sort of the opposite almost
doesn't even matter why it's just the
opposite and so you go there and the the
explanation for all the unmasking is
it's just normal business like yeah we
we had a reason to look we followed all
the rules people looked what are you
talking about that's the procedure these
laws exist to be used exactly the way we
use them we had a concern we as the law
followed all the rules looked into it
and the story why you bothered me and
and if nothing else came out if that was
it
I don't think it'd be enough but the
president seems to indicate that he
knows something else is coming Christina
thank you for joining christina offered
to drive down and be be with me while
I'm with Snickers but I said I didn't
know how long I'd be here and I mean I'm
just sitting in the car anyway I'm not
it's not like I'm with the dog so anyway
um if the president knows there's
something coming baby that'll be fun but
here's here's the best part the
political part if you watched was it was
it Rand yeah Rand Paul he basically went
hard at this and just said this is
clearly using using the government to
spy on your political rivals and I
thought politically this is just
good reality wise I don't know we have
to wait and see but politically oh my
god it's so good because here's the
beauty of it it's complicated
right that's all you need you just need
a reasonable charge and it just needs to
be complicated because then people can
sort it out and the the allegation sort
of lives independent of any facts nobody
can really check out the facts they get
lost in the details and stuff so it's an
amazingly good reverse attack because
it's exactly the same beast attack that
was used on the Trump administration
they just turned it around you know
instead of instead of saying that Trump
was using the government to try to get
something over on Biden we now have
proof that Biden went through actual
paperwork to literally spy on a member
of the Trump campaign now I'm not saying
that that's why Biden did it which is
the whole problem right you don't know
why they did it all they have to do is
say yeah we had a concern of course we
had a concern so we looked into it
that's all nothing else to it
so but here's the fun part
it will require Biden to answer the
charges you know where this is going
right there is no way in the world that
Biden can answer these questions on his
feet and and not just completely
disintegrate he doesn't he's not quick
enough on his feet and it's a new topic
I think Biden probably can by unfamiliar
old two topics he's been talking about
for years but you throw him a curveball
of something that's complicated as
layers as facts as nuance he's not even
to remember what he said about it the
last time and actually if it happened
this time the second time you talked
about it he didn't remember what he said
the first time a minute later
so this is the perfect it's like a
corona virus designed just to kill Joe
Biden it's like you could
come up with a more perfect virus to
introduce into the political system that
was targeted to wife's like a
bioengineered a trump engineered virus
that could only take out Joe Biden
because if you replace Joe Biden with
any capable politician they're fine
you know do you don't think Elizabeth
Warren could talk away on this you know
or really any of the others basically
any of the other Democrat candidates you
don't think they could talk their way
out of this easily but Biden can't so so
the the irony of ironies is that the
president seems to have accidentally
because you know how these things happen
sometimes it's just on your shoe when
you walk when you walk away from the web
market it looks like the President does
accidentally released a bioengineered or
at least a persuasion engineered virus
designed only to take on Biden it
wouldn't work on anybody else all right
I believe that my my guest
thing is active I'm going to take some
calls let's see if anybody wants to talk
to me Cristina you should come on here
and talk to me all right is anybody want
to ask me a question I'll take whoever
uses the wolly icon here all right I'll
take the cat I'm selecting a talking cat
hello are you a talk are you talking cat
you're very clever do you have a
question for me you can't yes I just
like to ask that I hope this doesn't
sound personal or anything but your
enormous wealth I believe your work over
60 million dollars don't believe the
fake news but what's your question well
don't you feel a little bit more
comfortable than the rest of us that are
out here just those working clowns you
know work every day why wouldn't I yeah
that's that's all
point said people used to ask me you
know when I when I first made a lot of
money because I came from no money and
when I made money people said you know I
hope it doesn't change you and I would
always say well then what would be the
point that's a little point of it the
point is to change you we should make
you more relaxed should make you happier
with your life it should make you kinder
to other people because you don't have
problems should make you more generous
I'm thinking if it doesn't trick and
change me what am i doing all this work
the whole point is it's going to change
me so yes you're absolutely right that
it puts me in a comfortable position but
I also feel you know it's the spider-man
curse you know the spider-man curse
where with great the great power comes a
responsibility and I feel the
non-superhero of your version of that
it's part of a part of why I try to be
as helpful as I can in the crisis
because you know I can't help everybody
in every way I would if I could but
maybe I can find ways that my my special
situation or unique talents could make a
difference so I try to help it's the
best I can do believe me I there's no
way that I can say this to seven sincere
but I'll promise you it's sincere I
spend most of every day worrying about
everybody else and that's not a joke
now that doesn't help you because you
would rather be the one worrying about
somebody else than being the one who's
worried about again it but trust me
we're all in this together
it's just it just doesn't equal and I
know it all right I just like to thank
you well thank you for the thousands of
people thank you we appreciate it thank
you for the call
all right I didn't know where that woman
was gonna head turn down good see who we
got here
oh all right we got lots of volunteers I
think we need to talk to Jordan
Jordan are you there hey do you have a
question question for you thanks for
taking my call
sure I was listening to a podcast
recently and the individual I was
interviewed was a venture capital
executive I'll say and he mentioned I
noticed a couple of times in the podcast
he used the term leadership and
persuasion synonymously do you agree
with that do you find that leadership
requires persuasion I mean I understand
- you know supercharge it you need it
but as are the concepts Anonymous well
no doubt entirely because leadership is
persuasion + risk management + managing
people + managing shareholders and all
that stuff but I would say that maybe
the the most important of those would be
the persuasion assuming that you can
make decisions you know if you've got
somebody who can bring you good options
and say here here are three options
here's the good one I'm not sure if the
leader needs to be an expert on those
things if there are good people making
recommendations but persuading that's
that's the bread and butter so I'd say
that's 60% of it I was out for an answer
fascinating I appreciate it and one
other quick thing I read your book gods
debris over my honeymoon in Maui and man
- blew my mind I really enjoyed it thank
you
where were you staying in Maui I was the
new pili Kai yeah so like the northern
northwest shore all right well I've I've
done within feet of probably where you
were so there's another weirdness of the
simulation all right thanks Nicole thank
you remind me to tell you about locals
that new social media platform that I'm
on which is terrific it's like way
better than I thought it was going to be
yeah I hoped it would be good there was
like way better I'll tell you about that
later a little guest can you hear me all
right
question for me good I was curious
[Music]
well I love the question because what's
happening at the moment I've never seen
quite before which is it looks as if the
media you know let's say the mainstream
media is going to create a reality
that's so strong that their own people
can't get out of it so it's like they're
putting up almost a psychological wall
around half of the public that they need
to vote Democratic and it might be so
strong that there might not even be a
possibility of getting any jury to
convict anybody
I mean it's entirely possible that just
you know you just can't get 12 people to
agree on anything of this country with
something so political so we may be in a
point where the news can literally
protect guilty people who are obviously
guilty now that wasn't the case for
Watergate and it makes me wonder if if
they could have protected Nixon you know
let's say he had been the Republicans
well I don't know if the Republicans
ever had yeah they didn't really have a
Fox News back then or a Breitbart or any
kind of platform so yeah maybe they
couldn't have protected Nixon but if it
had been a Democrat I think the answer
was I'm interesting all right thanks so
question my imagination or or the
quality of guests very highly whoops
well then you lost me oh there we go
still there all right let's see if we
can talk to you Rodney Rodney Rodney can
you hear me Rodney
hello do you have a question for me
Rodney yes I do
how deep do you think this is gonna go
and your thoughts on as recently
ambassador via bondage was shown to have
much more knowledge and deep feelings
with marina than she had testified under
the the the more yeah looks like your we
lost your signal but I'm gonna answer
you I'll answer you offline I'll take
this offline I'm totally bored with all
the Ukraine stuff so the Ukraine stuff
feels like it was a thousand years ago I
mean I just I don't know if anybody
would be interested in it anymore but
could there be more there sure yeah I
mean I feel like you could you could dig
in an unlimited way so Cristina by the
way I'm waiting for them to give me a
call about Snickers she's getting some
pills and we're gonna take her home in a
bit so that's the update if you just
joined this periscope time it didn't
make any sense to you all right let me
take another caller cuz it would have
been nice if I had all my notes about
the many things I was going to talk
about but it doesn't look like that's
gonna happen let's see if Dixon is
gain'd
Dixon do you have a question for me a
user interface to the world question
with the context of dating and I'm
curious the kind of general or
conventional wisdom around setting up
online dating profiles is you try to get
them to feel like they could see
themselves in your life that sort of
thing so I'm wondering if you have any
deep cut advice for setting up an online
dating profile or just dating in general
and you know your profile picture being
you at the mohawk ten years ago really
asking the wrong person that's an entire
skills
that I managed to avoid for variety of
reasons so no I
I'll give you general advice but it's
not something I've ever had any
experience with I would say curiosity is
a good thing to activate you'd want
somebody to think Oh curious but the
most important thing is you want to
signal your your genetic qualities which
is anything from your looks tear
accomplishments to your brains to your
money eat your anything but you have to
do it in a way that it doesn't look like
you're bragging and of course that would
be the magic to it wouldn't it so if you
can figure out some way then it isn't
obvious you were bragging but you could
still you know you could still showcase
that you've got some genetic qualities
and just automatically activate people
or if you just good-looking it doesn't
matter what you do awesome thank you so
much I'm getting roasted so hard in the
chat right now with my hair
yeah maybe maybe not your crowd thank
you thanks to a question hey yeah I
propose that nobody makes fun of
anybody's haricot until the corona virus
has passed because you can see some
nasty haircuts all right you already are
all right
cholera can you hear me all right you
have a question for me yeah thanks for
taking my call so thank you for doing
the universe your user interface videos
they're absolutely fascinating thank you
and I've been using the systems approach
it's absolutely working so I can confirm
if you use a systems over goals that
does work but what I what I notice is I
remember what Deepak Chopra was using
the kind of quantum physics language
right like we control the outcome of the
experience by observation and when I was
watching him as I do this guy's full of
but I mean so that someone when he says
was really good
it's really positive so what I noticed
though is we adopt the language of our
level of technology and then let's say
people said yourself and I would say
like Jordan Peterson have this ability
to use the language to help teach I
guess people who are kind of ready so
I'm wondering what what do you think the
next like level is like I see this the
Golden Age if you will which is amazing
is upon us but are we in for another
zeitgeist change in terms of the
language we use to describe our lives
like the to boomer reality just seems
like that's never going away you know
yeah maybe so you know I I don't know
how many people are gonna come on this
journey right not everybody not
everybody advances in the same way well
I would think that for most of the
country our eyes collectively have been
opened that you can't trust any
institution you can't trust any news
report and you can't even trust your own
eyes you can't trust a video you can't
trust an audio can't trust a transcript
and we've been taken by all of those
things multiple times just in less 12
months so how many of us got the lesson
how many how many realized that they're
living in a very artificial world in
which people are you know crafting
illusions for you and you think are real
and I think that's like a huge
eye-opener and the the only way to sort
of get past that if I had to guess what
the you know the higher level above that
is is some understanding about the odds
and some understanding that nothing is
certain
there's just the odds and there's things
you can test things you can't things you
can iterate things you can't so you can
kind of crawl forward in the dark if you
use the right system but maybe getting
away from the idea that we understand
what's going on in our world we still
know how to operate we might be able to
do it better but probably not because we
understand facts and reasons and stuff
like that so I think that's the big
change that's awesome I keep thinking
we're entering the golden age I'll stop
but then people are burning down 5ge
towers
yeah you know I always said I was
working for the they gave you two
stories I was working for the big bank
in California that was Crocker Bank at
the time and they were the first in
California to have ATMs and I started
working at about that time and all the
the old people were like and we're not
gonna let ATMs all their money
well it's the robots robots are gonna
take your money
what if they keep it I've got nobody
party with this it's just me against
robots am I gonna win that it's just a
robot and and then so but you know ATMs
work energy now and then I was working
at the phone company when we were first
Pacific Bell when they were first
developing the smart phones
yeah the technology that would be what
they call them micro pcs or something
Micro phones or something and it was the
technology that became smart phones and
the worry was that that frequency was
damaging and so we had our best expert
in the company yeah the most highly
trained technical guy look into and
honor he did tests and research and
everything he comes back with a report
and he says no problem because no
evidence of any cancer or anything like
that and that was his official report
and then but he worked in my group and I
was like later later I was like okay
okay but would you use one he looks at
me as though as far as I know he was
right in his official report I've never
heard him anybody actually getting
cancer from regular cell phones so my
guess is that the 5g is going to be just
another one of those just another thing
that people think is going to kill them
in the end you say well guess that
didn't kill us either I suppose I
suppose one of these times I'm gonna be
wrong right and 5g will kill us all or
something but not yet yeah sorry my big
hand has to cover that all right still
waiting for the veterinarian to call me
should be any minute now
if I go away fast that's why it's
nothing personal
let's talk to will hey will
yeah how are you do you have a question
for me I have a question for the
president actually I wasn't able to get
my call in this morning on the video
transmission was wonder if I could ask
one now sure I take president the
president's phone call sure okay thank
you sir um you know understand that
there's some suspicion that some guys in
the Trump campaign were up to no good we
had to look into that totally understand
that went through a two-year
investigation so then the cleaning came
up my question to you is are you
satisfied now
that the president won the election fair
and square without influence from Russia
we'd have to define any tell me tell me
the number of okay tell me the number of
votes you would consider actually enough
to have made a difference I would define
that as the I don't know the exact
number but let's call it the the
difference in the voter get in Florida
in Pennsylvania that's pretty specific I
mean is it do you think in the whole
nation do you think more than a thousand
votes oh I guess in those three states
let's call it 5,000 votes do you think
Russia is swayed by 5,000 votes not a
chance because the only thing that we
saw was that did you see the troll ads
on Facebook if you actually did you see
the actual ads I'm not on Facebook so I
can't speak to that okay so nobody who
actually saw the ads believes they had
to be the effect they're actually
laughably amateurish they look actually
no joke they look like a high school
project or something
they have no no persuasion technique
they are just pictures with words
they're literally worthless and some of
them are anti Hillary and some of them
are anti Trump it's not even they're not
even all in the same direction so
whatever that was it certainly didn't
any difference basically basically I
think I personally swayed probably 5,000
people you know just through my own work
but Russia I'm probably none I mean it
might have actually been zero well I
appreciate that and I'll be happy to
relay to all my Clinton supporting
friends that President Obama does not
think that Russia sway the election in
from good very good hey you're great guy
using your systems I've lost 70 pounds
in the last three years Wow
congratulations thanks man love your
stuff yeah I keep it up right well I
hear that a lot that the the number of
people who've lost weight using my
systems idea which I'll do a do a video
on that specifically coming up let's
talk to you Jennifer Jennifer or do you
have a question pleasure what is your
question for me
I was wondering I'm kind of thinking
past the sale of your Kamala Harris
prediction coming true and wondering
wondering if you've given thought to not
not necessarily a specific person but
what type of person she would choose as
her running mate just kind of her kind
of have you are you gonna even try to
predict that and top well you're
assuming that she immediately takes the
top position and has to fill in behind
her yes like if Joe I don't think that's
the explicit plan that might be the if
ever if everything went to act
we'd have to do that my guess is they're
trying to get him to limp across the
finish line and then Camila can just
sort of you know take the job once
they've won they might think that they
might think the polls are so strong that
he can just hide in the basement away
from the vote and then comel as the
president in a couple of weeks so I
think that's the way it's going to go
okay
alright ok another real quick one I'm
writing down my affirmations and I'm not
sure what to do sort of after I'm done
with them I feel weird putting him in
the trash what do you do or what do you
what would you do with your written
affirmations after they're done the
general answer is if you're asking about
any of the details yes you're on the
you're on the wrong page none of the
details matter the only thing you have
to do it's all about focus so if you
could if you could focus my you know
banging your head on the wall or you
know eating a grape it wouldn't matter
what it is so the the writing of 15
times a day there's no magic to writing
it's just a handy way to focus so you
could chant it you could sing it you
could chant it you could visualize that
you could draw a picture you make a clay
sculpture but just writing in 15 times a
days can be easy and again you could
type it doesn't matter okay thank you
good luck all right still not hearing
from the veterinarian any moment now I'm
going to get that call though then I'll
have to get off quickly but not until
I've talked to Daniel who no doubt
that's a good question Daniel do you
have a question for me
they usually don't work that quickly but
ya know great so I I'm not sure if you
if you saw the Elon Musk interview with
he talked about air link essentially a
digital brain interface that will be
able to connect not just us to the
Internet but essentially to each other's
thoughts so I was curious do you think
how do you think that will affect
perceptions on persuasion and also on
how people perceive the world well I I
think everything's up in the air in the
next few years like our entire
understanding of even what a person is I
mean really basic stuff like that like
what's alive what's sentient I mean
we're gonna get into some deep deep
stuff so in terms of the connecting yes
I know we may run into a creepiness
factor there where people think yeah I
don't want people in my brain frankly I
think it's gonna take a long time for
people to want to get a something
implanted in their skull because that's
actually how you do it so we're not
quite at the cyborg age yet a little
ways away but one of the things I was
going to talk about is I tweeted today
there's a some game engine company that
was bragging about their new technology
they've got a commercial that I tweeted
there's the most just I popular thing I
mean every time they get a new level of
you know realistic-looking worlds every
time you go wow but now it's it's
reached level where I watch this thing I
thought to myself oh my god I feel like
I'm seeing the future people are gonna
start having relationships with these
characters that have their own worlds on
your television and they can just appear
to you on any screen and they can take
you for a walk say hey you wanna come
with me we'll explore my world and I
live here and it can learn about you it
would only take a little bit of AI for
you to feel like you're interacting with
them so for example you just teach it to
ask you about your day how you doing you
know let me tell you what I did today
and it wouldn't be
that much worse than you know normal
normal conversation so I've got this
feeling that lonely people or ghosts are
having actual relationships with
artificial beings on televisions who
just go to their world when the
televisions off and they appear to you
just like it's a video call and the
thing that will get us tuned to that is
literally using zoom because we're gonna
get used to the fact they're looking at
a person on the screen is looking at a
person which is the whole user interface
to reality you know the idea that we
don't see base reality we've got this
you know interpretation on top of it
well now we're adding another
interpretation which is that it's not
the person that's the person eventually
it's going to feel like the images the
person
yeah I'm not entirely you won't forget
but you can easily see you see us
slipping into a world or some of us in
which a person on the screen who can
interact with you and it's always the
same one and grows with you learns about
you finds out about your day read your
social media posts Matt imagine having
imagine having a digital agent on your
your TV TV comes on when you walk in and
the digital person's like hey yeah
you're doing and then starts talking to
you about things that you care about
because you just tweeted them so I would
say to me oh I read you tweeted a four
hours ago that was that was a good one
you have 400 likes people really liking
that one you're on fire today and you
can so easily imagine how you could
create artificial conversation that's
new and fresh every day and it's
relevant just by looking at their social
media it would be that easy so that's
what's coming yeah well thank you so
much all right thanks for called I think
that was more of an answer than anybody
wanted let's do one more and then I
probably need to get ready to take care
of business all right max justice that's
your name so you get max justice do you
have a question for me holy mackerel
those affirmations really work that's
pretty crazy
rrrow exactly uh I do have a question
have you heard of dr. Vladimir Zelenko
'he's hydroxychloroquine regimen I have
of course okay I figured so and the the
second part of that is I I keep seeing a
lot of things and I live in Nevada and
our governor has banned hydroxy colon
for outpatient use which means you can't
give it early and I keep seeing a lot of
states that are still doing this and a
lot of complaints from doctors that are
doing that and so I'm I'm wondering if
there's some kind of nefarious purpose
to to you know put do that just stop
looks like he looks like we disconnected
well I think I got the question the
thing is we don't know we know that lots
of individual lots of individual doctors
have individual anecdotal and small
trials without controls and stuff so I
still put it at 40 percent chance that
hydroxychloroquine makes a big
difference but a higher chance that it
might make some difference yeah there
seems to be enough of an indication that
it works for some people so I don't know
that it's any kind of grand conspiracy
but it could be alright you're asking
for another call and I know that's
because you're older doing affirmations
and you want to see if you can be the
one but you are not smart enough to put
Clorox in your profile like Cal did I'm
going away there cold feet soon as I
connect to them it's okay you'll be okay
all right Dylan don't disappoint us
Dylan Dylan do you have a question for
me right
just uh you know worried about Snickers
and wanted to make sure that you know
everything's going all right we just got
a new puppy here and we're real
concerned we love when Snickers pops up
and get to see your other cats too well
I think she'll be okay
it was just waiting for the call thank
you Scott have a great rest of your
evening
all right take care well that was nice I
can take another call because that was
short and Alex will get the tap because
he's got a cat in his profile it's only
because I'm in the veterinarian's
parking lot hello Alex Alex hi do you
have a question for me oh yeah well I
mean my question is more cultural
question what do you watch in it like
you mean like TV shows yeah you know
it's funny that you should ask because
the answer is basically nothing I've
lost interest in all sort of scripted TV
movies and it's a function of attention
span what we do in the shadows that oh
yeah I need to catch up with that since
the day that I recommended it I haven't
watched one more episode because I kept
all mild well you have I I hear it's
tremendous okay I'm good actually gonna
watch that one so we want we want you we
want to know what you think about the
Joker the Joker well it's a power movie
I know you don't believe it or not it's
the only movie I do have on my tentative
schedule because Christina wanted to
watch it with me for the same reason
sort of the the cultural relevance
neither of us watch movies typically so
well I don't know why because I haven't
seen it but I've heard that before so
I'll watch it well Beth is right
not even really that it's it's got it
fell a lot of a lot of political
messages and in some in some ways I
guess that it's just it's it's almost a
cultural war type thing but it's a bit
of fun definitely recommend it
alright I'll watch it thanks for going
right all right I'm pretty sure they're
getting ready to call me so I'm gonna
wrap it up here thanks for putting up
with this the low-quality
two tries to get audio I do appreciate
all of your your your efforts let me
just get a little a little thing on
locals so locals is Dave Reubens
platform and what's special about it is
that creators such as myself can have
little homes there and then people can
subscribe and they get extra stuff but
first of all it's really good for the
creator because we can edit our posts so
unlike Twitter if I send out a bad one I
can't do anything but now I can like add
a picture or I can do all kinds and
stuff but and I can actually post some
things there that literally I wouldn't
post on Twitter because Twitter is just
all trolls but when I post on locals
it's only people who wanted to be there
so my experience is only good it's the
weirdest thing I've grabbed a social
media experience that was only good I'm
looking through the comments and I'm
waiting for the chance and then I
realized oh yeah people had to choose to
be here there are no trolls so it's just
like this wonderful place where
everybody is just happy alright so I'll
tell you more about it another time
that's all for now
and see you in the morning