bum bum bum bum bum buh buh buh buh buh
hey everybody it's so good to see you
like always every time I see you it's
the best day ever
this is no exception I know why you here
probably has something to do with a
little thing I call the simultaneous sip
and it goes like this to prepare if
you're new here these instructions will
be very important if you've been here
before
this will sound a lot like those
pre-flight instructions where they tell
you how to hook your seatbelt because
you didn't know that all you need for
this the simultaneous if is a copper of
underclasses snifter stein jealous tank
reservist last camp team Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
the dopamine's head of the day the thing
that makes everything better
join me now Oilers builder or three for
the simultaneous separate go there's a
comment going by that I agree with but
I'm not gonna say it alright how many of
you have already ordered your copy of
loser think already being touted as the
greatest book ever written in the
history of books that's right people are
saying see what I did there
people are saying people unspecified
anonymous sources
anonymous sources say loser think is the
best book ever written now that might be
hyperbole but I think it's directionally
true please buy it that's
best way you can support my periscopes
if you like these things anyway let's
talk about some other things if you
haven't noticed if you have not noticed
I tweeted a Dilbert comic today which in
itself in and of itself is not unusual
I'll bet I tweet a Dilbert comic every
day but there are some unusual things
about this one it's about the country of
elbonia
I would like to read it to you now you
can see this at Dilbert calm you can
also see it on my Twitter feed it starts
with the boss entering the room and
seeing Dilbert and the boss says to
Dilbert and I quote we're moving our
manufacturing operations to elbonia
to say of money Dilbert asks are you
worried about the elbonian government's
reputation and the boss says yeah I try
to stay out of the weeds
Dilbert says they're building
concentration camps and rounding up
dissenters they intentionally poisoned a
hundred thousand people in this country
they are habitual stealers of
intellectual property and they routinely
ignore agreements they have signed and
they have a well known goal of weakening
other countries so they can dominate the
world and then the final panel the boss
says why Kate why can't you just admit
I'm saving money now you might ask
yourself what's the blowback going to be
well we don't know yet but I'll tell you
a couple of things I've already heard
reports that people tried to like it
with the like button and the like button
was turning officers they say so I would
be interested if any of you have the
experience of being unfollowed from me
or trying to like this comic and it gets
unlike to automatically let me know put
it in the comments to the comic itself
and I'll check it now here's another
little interesting thing every day I
pose
my comic everyday so that's important to
the story every single day I go through
the same process to publish my comic you
know in social media I put it on Twitter
and LinkedIn and the process is always
the same I have a standard URL and I
just changed you know the one or two
digits for the today's date only one
time has that URL not worked meaning
it's a URL that my syndication company
gave to me specifically for this purpose
and all I never need to do is change you
know the the digits for today's date
today's the only day it did work today
to post it
I had to post it as tomorrow's date now
is that a coincidence
only one time it's ever not worked there
was this one I don't know sad a
coincidence let me ask you this do you
think this comic will make any
difference in the world
there's a nonzero chance that this
Dilbert comic just took one percent off
of China's GDP if you think that's an
exaggeration let me remind you that the
Dilbert comic has been used for decades
to tell senior management what not to do
it's one of its greatest powers is it
embarrasses people away from doing
things that were stupid ideas now you
can you can build your Factory in China
if nobody's brought up the fact that
it's a bad idea you can do all kinds of
bad behaviors in corporate America if
nobody points it out but as soon as is
pointed out it's a little harder to do
the bad behavior yeah you need to be
ignored if you're gonna get away with
bad behavior
if it's called out in a bright Sunday
Dilbert comic then moving your company
to elbonia
let's say could could be supporting a
triple Holocaust regime now I called
China a triple Holocaust because if the
reports are true they are using the
saloon Gong folks for body parts selling
their organs killing them on demand this
is just the allegations I'm not there
myself I can't say for sure what's
happening in China so that would be one
Holocaust that of course is rounding up
of the weekers putting them in
concentration camps and assigning
rapists to the wives that have been left
behind I didn't make that up China is
this this is the report you know again
you can't you can't know exactly what's
happening over there but the report is
that China is assigning a new husband
actually a rapist to sleep with the wife
when the husband is taken away to the
concentration camp these are the weekers
so that's the second Holocaust the third
Holocaust is of course the fentanyl that
they're shipping to this country and
could stop now I know you know it'll
somebody else will ship you here if they
don't but it doesn't stop the fact that
they're shipping it here it is killing
tens of thousands people so China is a
triple Holocaust country and I thought I
would make it a little harder to do
business there so that's what the
Dilbert comic is intended to do it's
intended to shame anybody who wants to
move a factory there because if you are
you're moving it to a country with a
ongoing triple Holocaust one of those
Holocaust is against this country and
one of them killed my stepson so
you China
 you I'm sorry I forgot your kids
are home today
so don't let your kids watch the coffee
was got it's alright there was a mystery
that was solved for me today
I've had this you know I often talk
about President Trump being good at
picking up free money so there's a
number of situations in which Trump
takes something that anybody could have
taken it's just laying there it's free
money and everybody walks past it except
trying to accept Trump's looks down and
says hey free money nobody nobody okay
I'll take it one of those examples was
what he created space force and gave it
a name I've been saying that some
president was going to create a space
force yeah that was inevitable there's
no way we would not someday have
something like a space force and whether
or not this was the perfect time to do
it or not it's so Trump liked the heat
he picked it up it was like free money
there's some president who will be
famous forever for being the person who
created space force it's free all right
I'll I'll create a space force so he
seems to just pick up free money off the
the floor or off the table every time he
sees it and there was one glaring
example of free money that I always
didn't understand why he didn't pick it
up and that's the legalization of
marijuana is there anybody here who
thinks president Trump would not be
benefited by saying let's just take the
federal government out of it whatever
you states want to do is up to you but
the federal government is just gonna get
out of the marijuana business who among
you thinks that would be a bad idea
given that the states the states could
still do what they want they can still
make it illegal they could make it legal
it's just up to the states I can't think
of anybody who would think that's a bad
idea and then I saw a clip on Smerconish
in which Matt Gaetz was the guest and
the topic was marijuana legalization and
Smerconish played a clip of Kellyanne
Conway speaking out against it which I
didn't know about that I didn't know
that Kellyanne Conway was against
legalizing marijuana her argument was
that the new strains of marijuana are
not your grandfather's marijuana they're
there's so much stronger that it's
essentially something you need to
rethink because now marijuana is so
strong that it's not like old marijuana
then they come back to Matt Gaetz and
Smerconish Essen for his comment
Kellyanne Conway's idea that marijuana
should not be legalized and Matt Gaetz
your future president looks into the
camera and he says okay boomer all right
seriously could that have been better
and then he goes on to very eloquently
explained why marijuana should not be
criminalized and that is just old
thinking now I don't know I don't know
all the ways that I love this
interaction but it's a lot of ways first
I loved it because it was a really good
it was it was really effective you know
with a lot of people including me hate
that okay boomer thing like I hate to
hear it but I've never seen it applied
so effectively because you don't expect
it to come at about you know a
congressman well you don't expect it to
come in if a congressman when he's
talking about it somebody who's a close
ally so Matt Gaetz is pretty close to
the President Trump he's one of his
closer
confidants and Kellyanne Conway of
course is as close as you can get to
Trump so they're both in the sort of
inner ring of the Trump administration
and Matt Gaetz just okay boomer turn on
CNN now was that fair totally totally
the reason he can get away with that is
that he's a hundred percent right if he
were only 99 percent right well maybe
there'd be some risk involved you know
you don't want to you don't want to go
after a cohort somebody's on your same
team
unless you're a hundred percent right
which he is politically legally
medically he's a hundred percent right
and she's a hundred percent wrong so I
think the I think the mystery is solved
it's Kellyanne Conway who is preventing
President Trump from picking up free
money free money just sitting there on
the floor
and President Trump won't pick it up my
guess is that Kellyanne Conway is the
main voice preventing him from doing
that Matt Gaetz is trying to fix that
we'll see who wins but there's no doubt
about it was right in this case it's
gates alright so the reporting today is
that Michael Bloomberg is plans to
officially get into the 2020 democratic
race like right away it might happen
today he's bought thirty seven million
dollars worth of ads now do you remember
what my prediction was so my prediction
is was and still is that he's not
getting it to the race now I'm going to
stay with the prediction because I don't
think it's fair to change it you know
right yet right before it happens so I
want to be you know wrong cleanly so I
want to be either completely right or
completely wrong so I'm going to keep
the prediction if the reporting is
correct I'll be completely wrong I can
still keep my prediction here's here's
the basis of my prediction
I don't believe Michael Bloomberg is a
total idiot all the evidence suggests
that he's not a total idiot
if he gets in the race I'll be proven
wrong he'll be a total idiot because
he's not gonna win he's not gonna fix
anything he's gonna spend millions of
dollars and he's gonna weaken the
Democratic Party and I thought there's
just nothing right about it
now of course it could be some clever
plan to get Biden end of the race and
you know make Warren and Bernie Bernie
lose support I don't know I don't even
think he would so maybe it's like some
clever four dimensional chess kind of
thing where he's not trying to win the
presidency he's trying to change you
know the candidate or something but I
don't think so
I think he's it's possible the age has
gotten to him
maybe 77 maybe he maybe he's not making
good decisions because this doesn't look
like a good decision doesn't now keep in
mind that if he had been in from the
beginning or even early in the process I
wouldn't have this opinion it's just
that he's joining now that makes it look
like bad decision-making so maybe he's
doing it to lower his taxes because he
doesn't want was with Warren to be as
president so Amy Klobuchar commented on
Bloomberg maybe getting into the race
and saying she paraphrasing do we need
someone richer as president imagine
you're the Democrats imagine you the
Democrats and your savior is another
billionaire who's richer than Trump how
does that go over how does your party
like another old white billionaire is
there anything that the Democratic Party
is asking for less than a very old white
billionaire I don't think there's
anything they want less than that
nothing so he's not doing them any
favors somebody smarter than me pointed
out that there's there are another few
problems with Bloomberg one of those
problems is that he owns a media empire
so he owns a gigantic news organization
now the first problem of course is that
you would expect his own news or
to be unable to cover him objectively
right yeah I know I see what you're
saying somebody somebody in the comments
predictably they're saying he's not
white he's Jewish
I don't know is that just a racist thing
it is that is that just being racist to
say that Jewish is not white I see that
in the comments I don't know what to
make of that
that just looks racist to me but
whatever all right I don't know the
particulars of that so was I saying oh
Bloomberg he owns a media empire but
here's the here's the problem it's not
just that his own media empire would of
course have a bias in his favor which
which makes an entire Media Group
completely completely you know and of
the picture at least in terms of
credibility but it's worse than that
so somebody smart pointed out that if
you're a journalist and you think you
might ever want to work for Bloomberg
because remember the the big news
organizations are only a few of them CNN
and Fox News Bloomberg so let's say you
leave left and you're a high end
journalist or want to be one are you
going to take on Mike Bloomberg because
some day you might need to work for
Bloomberg they hire a lot of people and
the answer is you probably wouldn't so
Bloomberg is a weird entrant because not
only is he a billionaire but he owns a
media empire I just don't see how the
Democrats are gonna think that's a
appropriate to use the word to use the
word that could get you impeached
it doesn't seem appropriate
now of course anybody anybody can run
for president but I would think that if
you own one of the biggest media empires
in the country
voters should take that into
consideration that's not really a fair
that's not a fair race if one of them
owns a media empire that's not fair
fairness of course is not a real thing
but people will imagine they see it all
right there's a little little
controversy about Elizabeth Warren was
asked about her plan to I guess do it I
guess she wants to give do away with
school choice and just big public school
for everybody and somebody asked her
about her own kids and she said my kids
went to public schools then she said she
said she sent her kids to public schools
and then somebody found out that one of
her kids for some of the years not all
of them was in a private school did she
lie is it a lie to say my kids went to
public schools when in fact all of her
kids went to public schools one of them
also went to a private school after the
candidate go into public school is that
a lie it's it's as close as you can get
to a lie it's a lie by omission so it's
a special kind of lie but she's getting
some heat for that it did seem a little
out of character and I think here's the
problem with being a lawyer I'm gonna
make you a prediction I don't know if a
lawyer will ever be president again
because the the way that lawyers
interact with the public is lawyerly and
we don't love lawyerly you know I think
I think Obama got away with it but he
might be the last one and I can't see a
lawyer beating Trump can you can you
imagine Trump running for election
versus anyone who's ever been a lawyer
it just feels like
landslide material there all right let's
talk about the Tesla cyber truck now I
saw some other people commenting very
similar to how I'm going to comment
I wondered if people's first impression
which often was negative of the new
Tesla truck because it's very unusual
design
I wondered if people's first negative
impression would fairly rapidly evolve
into okay that's kind of cool I want one
and so I was also tracking that with
myself so my first impression of what I
saw at the very first time I was like oh
I was expecting more from that truck you
know I thought it would look a little
cooler or something and I saw the name
of it
cyberpunk and I thought oh it's not even
named with a name that makes even sense
in 2019 it's like who designed it and
then the next day I looked at it and I
thought huh kind of interested in this
thing I'd like to see it for another
angle and then I clicked another link
because it was going to tell me some of
its special features and I looked at its
special features and I thought huh these
are kind of cool features there's a
thing where you can close the top
automatically and you can you know so
it's solid you can walk on it there's a
camping option where there's a camping
stove will run off the battery
I thought those are pretty cool and then
you know I saw pictures of the inside of
the cockpit it looks like it's all just
a big I pad looking thing there's no
regular console and I looked at the
steering wheel is like a like a jet
steering wheel you know with not a round
circle steering wheel it's like a little
jet steering wheel that was like yeah
and 24 hours after telling myself that
was an ugly damn thing that nobody
nobody including me would ever want to
own I kind of want one I kind of want
so whatever damn magic it is the Elon
Musk puts into his products I will never
understand it I don't think but how did
he make me want something that I really
don't want yeah yes cyberpunk just seems
like the wrong name I would not well any
vehicle of mine associated with those
words so that part's just a mistake I
think I think we can I think we could
all agree that the name of the product
is a complete mistake I wouldn't say
that normally because usually things are
somewhat subjective and you know there's
a little bit of good and a little bit of
bad and everything but the name
cyberpunk as there are is a cyber doctor
so whatever it is it it's just wrong
it's just a mistake but having said that
I'm kind of falling in love with it so
much so that I looked at a regular truck
because I've you know some of you know
that I've been looking at trucks forever
it's impossible to buy a truck because
you could never test drive the one you
want to buy you have to test drive a
different one and I'm not willing to
spend $50,000 on a truck without driving
it first and they can't seem to be able
to create a business model that lets you
test the thing you're actually gonna buy
they test the thing you don't want to
buy so I looked at like some standards I
was looking at a ram the truck and I was
thinking it and that Ram truck looks
pretty cool you know I looked at some of
the features yeah that's a good-looking
truck maybe I'll buy that trunk and then
I looked that I saw another picture of
the Tesla truck and damn it
it made the regular truck look old you
try this experiment look at the cyber
truck yeah its cyber truck not cyber
Punk now look at the cyber truck and
either whichever name it is if it's got
a sniper in it
the wrong name so look at the cyber
Chuck and spend a few minutes just sort
of clicking at its features and stuff
then do this experiment then go look at
a regular truck and see what you feel
and you're good
yeah well this won't work for all of you
but for a lot of you the moment you go
back and look at the traditional looking
truck it's gonna look gold and that
happened that happened in 24 hours in 24
hours
Tesla made regular trucks look a little
old so we'll see I don't think we can
predict yet to how the Tesla truck will
well do but I certainly wouldn't hold it
against either Elon Musk or Tesla that
that test of the bulletproof window
didn't work the way he wanted it to
because who needed a bulletproof you
know window anyway it wasn't like high
on the list it's kind of cool if it
worked and I think he would still stop a
lot of things so I think he got a lot of
attention for him let's talk about Ruth
Bader Ginsburg she went to the hospital
for something I don't know fairly minor
ish sings that would remind her if you
were not in 86 years old but they had to
airlift her in just to be just to be
cautious and I thought do you know how
much money and this is I shouldn't laugh
at it but do you know how much money is
going to be spent in the next 12 months
trying to keep Ruth Bader Ginsburg alive
and I mean that I'm not trying to I
don't know how to say this without
sounding inappropriate so I'll just go
ahead and sound inappropriate if Ruth
Bader Ginsburg should end her life and
her life but should the end of her life
arrive sometime soon it's going to be
the biggest political event ever of
course and if you know I wouldn't want
that to overshadow the fact that the
human being would be dying in that case
certainly a dedicated public servant for
many years so we should fully respect
her but you can
let's ignore the fact that her mortality
is the headline so they airlifted her
for a fever do you know how much it
costs to airlift somebody it's pretty
expensive but they airlifted her for a
fever so they're gonna spend a lot of
money keeping her alive I would like to
suggest that we modify the Constitution
to make 80 the mandatory retirement age
anybody with me Supreme Court make the
age of 80 mandatory retirement who's
with me
there's no reason life has to really be
in the last year of your life when
there's not much left I think 80 is fine
you know that's even generous let's just
time it down at 80 president - I think
the president should stop at 80 let's
see what else we got down here not much
it's gonna be one of those yeah it's
like there's not much else happening so
we've devolved into the - movie theory
on impeachment or sham beach pant as I
like to call it and I've been telling
you for a while that part of the reason
that we see two movies on one screen is
that each news source is telling a
different story so you know the
conservative news is saying well looks
like there was nothing there I'm the
champ each mint and the CNN's an MSNBC
or like well there's so much there he's
certainly in beach ball so you can see
perfectly what I've been telling you
that people get their opinions assigned
to them by the media now that doesn't
mean a hundred percent of the people but
close to it
most of us including all of us have
opinions that were assigned to us by our
preferred media sources and the people
who are influential on those sites so
you can see that now and it's a weird
thing when you see us so clearly
a lot of agreement 480 as the mandatory
retirement age yeah it looks like
everybody's agreeing on 80
somebody says 70 I think I think 70
might be too young these days I'm a very
curious how all feeling 70 cuz yeah it's
not that far away the justices usually
know when to retire oh I don't think
they do so your problem is it's sort of
like you know having a couple of drinks
you know you know you shouldn't have ten
drinks unless you've had four drinks if
you've had four drinks and suddenly you
can't remember you're not supposed to
have ten drinks so I think being in your
80s does make you incapable of knowing
you should retire even if you should
retire I think I think you would be
incapable of knowing what's the next
bombshell well good question let us
speculate the next bombshell I don't
know I think they're gonna have to ride
this impeachment thing for a while and
to watch it to watch it blow up in their
faces
which it is did you see I'll see the
clip of shift doing his almost crying
because he was so sad about impeachment
you know his final thing he said at the
end of the testimonies when he just
before he bangs his gavel is he starts
to tear up and he feels so sad for the
country oh my god he's a bad actor
alright that's all for now let's all go
enjoy our day and Thanksgivings coming
think about what you're thankful for and
I'll talk