hey Brad come on in here everybody it's
time it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams I'm Scott
Adams and you are probably prepared with
your coffee we'll be back to our normal
time maybe tomorrow or the next day
and until then please raise your cup
your mug your glass your Stein your
chalice your thermos fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous
sip the weather is great it's my last
day here in Hawaii heading out in a few
hours back home
all right so let's
uh uh hi everybody let's talk about some
of the things that are happening in the
news have you all watched the
cringeworthy Elizabeth Ellen uh I'm
sorry Elizabeth
Warren apologies for uh cultural
appropriation it is so hard to watch it
it she seems
too
sincere and too
surrender about the whole issue and I
kind of get the I get the main point
which is something I didn't know by the
way so we learned something we did learn
that tribal affiliation is up to the
tribe uh so you can't just say I've got
a certain certain genetic composition
therefore I'm a Cherokee or or anything
else
I guess it's just up to the tribe to
decide who's in and who's
out and that makes sense cuz if if it
were not up to the tribe then anybody
could just say hey I'm a Native American
too give me some give me some of those
sweet sweet gambling benefits or
something like that but yeah I think her
political career is completely
toast um I've told you before just a
reminder
that her situation is identical to my
own which is that um my parents told all
three of us kids that we had substantial
Native American blood and so I grew up
believing that and I believe that until
one year
ago when I did a uh a DNA test and my
percentage of Native American blood
zero
zero um but here's what I think she did
wrong um what she did wrong was you know
the way she handled it of course but I
don't think she's handled it with the
sense of
humor that it called for don't you think
a sense of humor was necessary and
apparently she doesn't have one remember
I told you that one out of three people
don't have a sense of
humor the smart way to play this would
have been to consider it as funny as as
the people watching it she should have
paced the public because the public
thinks this is hilarious and she should
have just agreed say yeah uh I I got
totally taken you know if you can't
trust your family who can you trust and
and then the questions about whether uh
whether she used it to get ahead she's
totally blowing that because the correct
answer is when I thought it was
true the system allowed me to say it and
why wouldn't
I um Let me let me make a confession to
you today right here remember I told you
that I grew up believing that we had
substantial Native American blood in my
family so my siblings believe that when
I was ready to apply to
colleges um at some point there was a
box to check and I thought to myself huh
what would happen here if I check this
uh I think it was American Indian was
the the phrase used back then what
happens if I check this box because it
doesn't say what
percentage so there was a place where
you could
self-identify and it didn't it didn't
have any requirements you just had to
say what you were and and that was
it so I I thought what if what if I
check this box and so I checked the
Box uh and what happened was a few weeks
later my
my mailbox was
full with full scholarship
offers full scholarship to college
because I checked that
[Music]
box now when the when the scholarship
offers came in I thought to myself what
the this can't be right and then I
looked at myself in the mirror and I
thought um I don't think I can take
these full scholarships because you know
even even I don't feel like a Native
American you know I don't feel like
anybody was discriminating against me so
um from that point on I no longer
checked that box and did not accept any
of the things that were offered because
of it but I'll tell you checking the box
back in back in my childhood opened up
the heavens and you got you got free
stuff so if you tell me that uh as a
lowincome guy who is trying to make make
it in this world that if I see a form
where I can check a box honestly meaning
I actually honestly believed I had
legitimate reason to check that
box um and I could get ahead because of
it and I could take advantage of the
system in a way that the system was
designed to take advantage it was
designed for that if if you could check
the box honestly you get to have those
benefits um I don't think there's
anything to apologize for now in my case
it was a step too far and I wasn't
willing to take advantage of that but
I'm not sure I would hold it against her
you know if she honestly believed that
that she had that uh in her background
she wasn't rich either was
she all right um let's talk about
contrast how she handled it with how
Bezos handled the national inquire um
outing him for his
girlfriend while he was still married
apparently the still married part is not
the big problem because I guess he and
his wife had already you know decided
they were
splitting so having a girlfriend was not
the not the embarrassing part the
embarrassing part was that the private
messages and some private pictures came
out now what Bezos did is instead of uh
instead of uh just apologizing and doing
whatever people normally do in that
situation he uh totally confessed wrote
a wrote a public letter and outed the
national Inquirer for as he says trying
to blackmail him those are those are his
words uh
and he handled
it perfectly
in my opinion so I like the way he put
it which is if someone like him can't
you know can't take on a a blackmailer
as he calls it you know who can so
that's a pretty pretty noble sounding
persuasion
um and I just like the the fact that he
just went right at it and didn't you
know he didn't uh he didn't apologize
and he didn't defend his personal
actions nor should he nor should he it's
none of our
business uh but I love the fact that he
went directly at it so he gets an A+ for
handling his crisis PR crisis I guess uh
whereas Elizabeth Warren Gets an
f
um all right so the funniest part where
the headlin because the uh the CEO of
the national Inquirer his last name is
pecker and since the subject of the
story were these alleged um exposed
pictures shall we say of bezos's manhood
that the headlines were uh Bezos exposes
Becker possibly the best headline of all
time uh you can't get better than that
um National choir didn't do anything
wrong all
right uh today's my travel day so I'm
I'm done with vacation
today uh all right what else we got
going on
so uh as we're talking about healthc
care and especially in the context of
socialism
uh one of the questions I ask myself is
how long will it take before somebody on
either the pro universal healthcare or
the enti universal healthcare side
produces the the graph or the statistic
that just puts it all in in context
here's what I'd like to see I'd like to
see somebody inform the
public in a way that the public
understands for how much of of a cost to
healthare
is and it might be just we just need two
numbers one number might be the let's
say the uh total amount of taxes that we
pay
now and then the other number is how
much do we have to add to that to pay
for Universal healthare so so just just
give us two numbers current amount of
taxes collected
and then how much we would need to
collect in order to pay for you know the
uh the AOC version of a a green New Deal
or whatever we got going on there
um Montana the state went and reduced
health care costs for the entire State I
don't know what that
means uh I mean I know what the words
means but I don't know anything about
that story
10,000
what
um all right so the other thing that the
so let's talk about this green New Deal
for a moment
now the the thing that uh I don't know
anything about the Alex Jens versus Joe
Rogan thing um but I'll look into that
so the thing with the green New Deal is
that as ridiculous as it sounds on the
surface it's part of a longer term
persuasion in which things which seemed
ridiculous not long ago now seem like
just a bad
idea so watch The Evolution from the
things that are part of the green New
Deal going from
absolutely crazy crazy stuff to well we
don't want to do that right yeah they're
they're softening softening up the
country so it's it's a
trump um yeah it's a trump play so they
they're asking for so much that anything
they get is going to look like a good
idea or going to look like a win so
we're all getting primed and uh and
they're doing a really good job of
that oh man it's raining
um all right so I see socialism
expanding in this country no matter what
and if it doesn't happen in
the uh if it doesn't happen in the next
few years it's certainly going to happen
when robots take all the
jobs all right so we're heading toward a
day where that Universal income whether
you work or not is going to come so
those of you who say my God that's a
crazy idea to pay people even if they
don't want to work um I would say it
might be a crazy idea but it's one
that's going to come it's only a
question of when um I think it could be
50 years away could be 100 years away
but it could be 25 years
away as soon as the robots have the jobs
we should have enough stuff for everyone
uh as long as some people
uh as long as some people don't want
much so the
yeah we could put up with um people
being unwilling to
work have you ever worked in a job where
half of the people are making things
worse and half of the people are doing
something
productive the half of the people who
are doing something productive would be
just as H happy if the other half just
didn't do anything you know we we we
really don't need everybody to do
something cuz the robots will be doing
enough for
us but I think we'll get to a
point where there'll be two tracks in
this world one track you can live a
reasonable quality life on free income
and free
healthcare uh but you won't have much
you you'll have the the most basic phone
you won't have any you know you just you
won't have your own transportation so
there just be lots of stuff you won't
have and the people who want that stuff
that extra stuff are going to still
work
so um I think we're heading toward that
Universal Universal
income sooner or later might be 50 years
away but we're we're going to have
that all right right um did you notice
that there are two headline stories
today about bodies being stuffed in
suitcases I can't even make that
up there are two headline stories about
bodies being stuffed in suitcases one is
the chogi thing is coming up again
because there's more evidence that the
crowned Prince uh had wanted him dead so
it became a headline again today and
then there's some woman who was
tragically murdered who was also stuck
in a suitcase like how many stories
could there be about dead people in
suitcases that's a weird
thing yeah so part of the green New Deal
is that uh they want to do away with air
travel in favor of ground
travel uh with railroads and you know
some kind of high-speed
railroads and
I don't know I'll listen to that
argument uh you know obviously you're
not going to have a high-speed railroad
across the oceans or maybe you can I
don't know maybe somebody figured out a
way to do that but I don't think
so
um oh here's another question for you
yeah if let's say let's say you accept
that climate change is coming and that
it's dangerous so let's say you've
accepted the notion that it's going to
be a problem for the
world one of the things I'm wondering is
will it be an equal problem for all
countries because I'm starting to think
that the United States is going to make
a profit on climate
change other countries might be in a lot
of trouble but I feel like the United
States is going to make a profit on it
and here's
how uh if we get to the point where um
let's say things are not that bad in
this country the United
States but there are other countries
that desperately need to solve climate
we'll probably be selling them a lot of
stuff you know China is going to need
some CO2 scrubbers and you a lot of
things are going to need to be
remediated and people are going to have
to buy things to replace Place stuff
they lost I'm wondering if we're heading
toward a situation where the United
States because we're real good at
figuring out how to make profits on
stuff I wonder if we're going to make a
profit on this well maybe the rest of
the world um is suffering CU it wouldn't
be the first time we figured out how to
make a profit on
change let me put it in more general
terms anytime there's a big change
whatever that change is you have to
spend a bunch of
money so if the climate changes or the
industry changes or just anything big
changes somebody's spending a lot of
money and it makes me wonder if the
United States will be so far ahead of
this that we'll be selling all this
Green Tech and you know Carbon scrubbers
and you know ocean maybe
desalinization maybe
fusion um
so it'll be interesting to see if we
make a profit on
it all right um I tweeted out today
another example of what I've been
teaching you about climate change which
is that the idea that you and I as
Citizens can do our own research on
climate and come to a reasonable result
is an
illusion it's an illusion that you can
do your own research as a citizen and
come to an informed decision on climate
change it can't be
done and I I tweeted another example of
that and it's on the basic question of
whether
historically um CO2 and temperature
moved in lock step and specifically
whether or not the the CO2 came first
before the temperature changes because
there two schools of thought one is that
um CO2 is driving the temperature and
the other is that it is
not
and if you look at the climate experts
they'll say yes we' figured out the past
you talk to the Skeptics they'll say no
you got the past wrong you talk to The
Experts again they'll say no Skeptics
you think we got it wrong but we
included more than you think so it's
actually right and then I just uh
tweeted again Tony
hel's response to the response to the
response which is completely convincing
which is the problem both sides are
completely convincing if you're
listening to the right critics some some
of the Skeptics are not convincing
they're they're just terrible but the
Tony hellers the uh um Richard
lindson um the uh Judith Curry you there
there are several Skeptics who if you
listen to them last they're completely
convincing but then you listen to the
response to the response to the response
and you you can flip back and say oh
okay the other side is more convincing
now but there's no end to it until you
reach a point where you don't understand
what they're talking about and then what
do you do so there is no situation in
which citizens can figure out the truth
of this Lord monton would be one of the
least
credible will peer I would put him on
the low credibility scale which is
different from being wrong I want to
make a careful distinction when I talk
about credibility it means when you
listen to them do you say oh yeah they
sound they sound believable even if
they're
wrong I would say that uh monton is not
even slightly
credible uh even if he's right he might
be
right
um yeah I mean I don't think I'm going
to start ranking them all but there's
a there's a pretty big difference in
credibility all
right uh climate alarmist are seeing
something that others are
not good point so I remind you of the
Bigfoot rule if there are two people
standing in a field and one says Hey
look it's Bigfoot right in front of you
and the other one says I don't see him
now in my example let's say Bigfoot is
not hard to see he's just standing 10 ft
in front of you according to one of the
people so one of the people says it's
Bigfoot right there in front of me the
other one says I don't see any Bigfoot
there which one of them which one of
them is more likely say
the same person is the one who doesn't
see it and so it's generally true that
the person who sees a
positive thing that someone else doesn't
see and they're looking in the same
place you can almost always believe the
one who doesn't see
it so so long as they have the same
information the same point of
view um in climate change we're seeing
that the climate alarmist are looking at
you know events and and um records being
set and saying well there it is there's
the signal the signal is clearly visible
at the same time the Skeptics are
looking at exactly the same stuff and
saying no it isn't the signal might be
there we're not saying it's it will
never be there but it's not there now so
you have two sides looking at
essentially the same data one sees a lot
happening and the other sees nothing
I would side with the people who see
nothing but that doesn't tell you
whether climate change is uh real Andor
dangerous it just tells you that the the
signals might be you know over
interpreted at the moment which is
completely different from there are no
signals um so I don't think you can make
too much of the fact that somebody sees
something uh in the current environment
cuz most of climate change is about
what's going to happen in the future
anyway the climate is so complex I do
not believe we have detect to predict it
all right that that reminds me of a um I
wanted to talk about how you would
persuade let's say you were a climate
scientist and you wanted to persuade
people that there was a big
problem there the the the worst way to
persuade is to do these
complicated complicated prediction
models because by their nature they're
not believable right so people who have
experience in the real world see a
complicated model that's predicting
what's going to happen in 80 years and
we're automatically out it's like okay
I'm out if if you're going to make your
case with a complicated model predicting
something I know can't be predicted I
don't want to hear anything else you
have to
say so the prediction models are bad
persuasion for people like me probably
good persuasion for half of the country
but for people like me as soon as I see
that model I'm like okay that's there's
something BS about that if you can't
make this case without that model I'm
not so not so worried about it so here's
how they should have done
it they should get rid of the models and
they should just say in the past 100
years the temperature has gone up
whatever a degree or whatever it is
is um we know all of the things that
cause temperature to
change and we don't find any of them to
be um correlated except CO2 in the past
100 years so we know all the factors and
we've looked at them all and the only
one that's correlated is
CO2 and it's going up one degree in say
50 years or whatever it is then you say
if it kept doing this we're going to be
absolutely dead but we don't know if
it's going to be in 20 years or 100
years we can't
tell now if you come to me and tell me
that story and say we we've narrowed it
down we know all the reasons and there's
only one one possible thing left over
and it fits all it checks all the
boxes and we've already seen it raise
the temperature and the the amount we're
spewing into the atmosphere will almost
certainly raise it more and we're going
to be dead we just don't know if it's in
20 years or
100 now you give me that argument and
you're going to scare the pants off me
and then suddenly I don't have anything
to argue with right that would be a
solid argument that I would find
persuasive
but as soon as you show me the hockey
stick and start talking about how you
knew what the temperature was 10,000
years ago I started saying well do you
do you really know what the temperature
was 10,000 years ago uh here here's
another uh explanation which I heard
recently you probably heard that the the
uh landbased temperatures have been
adjusted and that if you didn't if you
didn't adjust them it wouldn't look like
so much warming has happened it's the
adjustments that are making it look like
like the warming has happened and then
you look into that little that story a
little bit more about why they were
adjusted and here's what I think is the
story I'm not 100% sure I've got this
right but this is what I I think so far
there were lots of land-based
thermometers some of them happen to be
where cities or airports grew up after
the thermometer was there which means
that the temperature around that would
would be warmer because of all the
Concrete in the airport or the or the
city around it so scientists noticed
that some of those thermometers were
being influenced by things around them
so they took those thermometers and
moved them so that they would be away
from these warming centers but what do
you do with the the measurements from
those
thermometers that were wrong you know
you've got years of wrong measurements
now but only for some thermometers
well apparently what they do is they
look at the other thermometers and they
say for example okay the other
thermometers that are in this area that
were not affected went up by one degree
so let's just adjust this other one and
say that if it had not been next to an
airport probably would have gone up one
degree also cuz you don't need you know
millions of thermometers you know a a
sample is probably good enough and I'm
sure that they know what that sample
looks like so once you do that you've
got a new set of adjusted temperatures
and the Skeptics say that's no fair cuz
those are not real temperatures those
are adjusted temperatures so the the
question you would ask yourself is what
does it look like if you were just
remove all of the adjusted thermometers
if you just took all of the adjustments
and threw them away and ignored all of
those
thermometers forever what would it look
like and what would look like like is
the curve that scientists um publish it
would look exactly like the hockey
stick uh so we know or this is the
scientist's argument that although many
of the thermometer temperatures have
been adjusted that even if you took them
out of the question you still get the
same answer so it doesn't matter whether
they were adjusted or not because the
adjustments are public they're well
understood all they did is use the
averages of the other thermometers that
were
nearby pretty solid pretty solid method
now have I explained that correctly I
guarantee you that a skeptic who knows
more than I do will say Scott you just
explained that wrong and that the real
thing they did is X furthermore I
guarantee you that as soon as the
skeptic tells me why I got it wrong and
gives me a persuasive reason why I was
wrong the person who does the
measurements is going to come in and say
no no the skeptic got it wrong because
this is what we did
um
so you can't really get to the bottom of
it as a as an ordinary citizen you
cannot get to the bottom of
this
um now the other thing that people say
is that the satellite measurements that
we've had since 1979 are the good ones
and you can ignore all the landbased
thermometers you can ignore all the the
buoys you could ignore all of the ice
core samples you could ignore all of it
and just look at the look at the
satellites but here's the problem the
satellites only measure atmospheric
temperature which is only about 10% of
where CO2 warming seems to go most of it
goes in the ocean so if the satellite
are measuring the atmosphere and the
atmosphere is not showing uh a
problem that probably doesn't mean
anything because the warming wasn't
going into the atmosphere anyway or at
least 90% of it wasn't so pretty much
everything that the Skeptics say is
easily
debunked but everything that is said in
the debunking
is also easily
debunked Etc
forever so they they have infinite
debunking possibilities both ways all
right
um compare the temperature of your pool
to the outside
air well if the if the result is that
the atmosphere should eventually
reflect the ocean temperatures
um then would it be true that 90% of the
heat is going into the
ocean can those things both be
true um the atmosphere should reflect
the ground
temperature but would that be true if
90% of the warming ends up in the
ocean I I don't feel like I can square
those two things
then there's the question of the uh
Coral so one of the one of the stronger
Arguments for climate change being a
problem is that the coral is bleaching
bleaching means it turns white because
there's stress on it and that the uh the
great um Barrier Reef in particular is
turning white it looks like it's going
to be dead pretty soon countering that
is apparently that there are some corals
that are more resistant than others yeah
so I'm getting there to the debunked
part so there are Skeptics who debunk
the coral stuff by saying there have
been lots of bleachings in the past and
coral is very hearty and and it knows
how to adjust in in in real time it
doesn't even need generations to adjust
it can adjust in real time to changes in
temperature
um but there are people who debunk the
debunkers on that I have to think
though that since we do know how to
seed um
coral and we do know how to find cooler
water feels like we could fix
that you know it it feels it feels well
into the category of fixable problems
because if the coral doesn't fix it
itself we could give it a little boost
you know and uh take some Coral eggs and
and spray them where it's a little bit
cooler or at least uh we can breed the
more resistant ones in the lab and then
seed the original area with the more
resistant
ones uh the coral bleaching Netflix
documentary is
hfic and somebody else says it's the
acid it's not the warming well there is
some dispute on that but I don't think
the climate scientist believe there's a
dispute yeah the Australian Professor
who published a paper about the good
health of the reef was
fired but that doesn't mean he was
right yeah it's easy to say he was fired
he must have been a whistleblower well
maybe two reasons he could be fired one
is there's a global conspiracy or he was
wrong and they were embarrassed by it
it's one of those two things
all right
Affair
um is there anything else I should have
been talking about today so I heard that
the the committee that's talking about
the border
security um oh yeah we'll talk about
that so the committee that's talking
about border security apparently brought
in the
experts I don't see a report on that but
have the experts already informed that
committee because I want to see if the
the media reporting on this border
security funding committee I want to see
if they're doing an honest job because I
want to see a picture of what the
experts produced then I want to see what
they come up with and I want to see
what's the difference oh
yes um we'll talk about my book cover
so if you don't see pictures of what the
teams are coming up
with then they're they're just
worthless complete waste of time which I
expect I I don't expect any kind of
agreement to come out of this meet this
working
group all right
um Nancy is not holding the meetings I
don't know what that means
um so I want to tell you a funny story
about my upcoming book book cover uh I
don't have pictures to show you or maybe
I do let's see if I have a picture on my
phone to show you we'll go lowte
here so we tried a number of
uh a number of pictures and came up with
this one which let's see if I can find
an angle that you can see this probably
H you're not going to be able to see it
sorry you'll have to take my word for it
there's a oh let me take down
the take down the brightness see if that
makes a
difference that oh that helped
okay so this is the one I approved so
this is this is the one we're going to
go with um you're seeing a version in
which uh Brian added a hand so the hand
is not part of the design that's just to
show what it looks like and here's
what's funny about this um so I had a
blue color that was like similar to the
blue in the bubbles and then I had an
orange cover and I showed people two
different covers and I said do you like
the orange or do you like the blue and
and the the vote was kind of split there
were people who wanted blue there were
people wanted orange so I said to my
editor
at the publisher I said hey people like
seem some like one some like the other
is there any way we could do two covers
could we have one ISBN which is you know
the it's um it's like the social
security number for a book but can we
have one identifier number but two
different covers and people can buy the
one they want now it turns out that's
impractical for a number of reasons so
for publishing reasons it just doesn't
work but my I was unclear in describing
it so when I said can we have two covers
I said it in an unclear way and my
editor interpreted it as can you
combine the two colors can you combine a
cover that has orange and blue and so
they came back with a cover that was
combined and it turned out that was the
good one now you can't really see the
the color is washed down on here so this
is more of a it's more of a vibrant
orange than what you see the the back
cover
um so here's the fun part of the story
The Winning design was completely
accidental because it's it it wasn't
what I asked for but what I got was
better than what I asked for so the
designer taking this new Direction which
was a complete miscommunication on my
part came up
with the best one yet so uh anyway you
can't you can't see it clearly uh on the
phone because the colors get washed out
here but um people seem to be liking it
so that was the psychology that went
into it
um put a coffee ring on the cover
yeah yeah maybe I should have put some
coffee on there that would have been a
good
idea all right um anything else
happening anything else you want to know
about all
right designers are like that somebody
says yeah it was a happy accident oh uh
shiff colluding with Glenn Simpson so
apparently we know that Adam Schiff had
a brief conversation with it
with the uh the guy who put together the
dossier um but we don't know if that was
a substantive conversation they were
just happen to be at the same event so I
just don't know how any of that matters
at this point volcanoes somebody's
saying have we considered volcanoes
under the ice caps cuz if the volcanoes
are warming up the earth that could be
what's going on here and uh I don't know
the answer to that
do we have a way of knowing what kind of
volcanic activity is happening
everywhere under the ocean is that a
thing do you know
that McAfee's clone thing is McAfee
cloning himself now I can't
wait um so I'm I'm going to try my first
split
screen um with Bill P on Monday so we're
going to get an update on
the urban blight and I'm going to show
you some ideas for what to put there and
some of those
ideas might have an implication for
climate change everything's
connected it's an indirect connection
but I think you'll see what I mean all
right
um Nadler and the acting
AG um I'm not really paying too much
attention to that except if if I I were
the attorney
general and somebody asked me to
testify uh at
Congress I'm pretty
sure
um uh I'm going to I'm going to answer
your CBD oil question minute uh I'm
pretty sure I would
resist testifying to
Congress at all
costs I don't know what what is the
penalty for not testifying in or for
showing up and just taking the fifth is
there is there any is there any kind of
penalty if if you just show up for
Congress and say I agreed to show up but
I'm just going to say I'm not talking to
me it would be flat out
stupid just flat out stupid to answer
even one question in front of Congress I
guarantee if Congress ever calls me in
front of them I'm not going to answer
any questions would you
would you answer a question in front of
Congress it would be the dumbest thing
anybody ever
did I would figure out what is the
penalty and it's probably better just to
take the
penalty
uh yeah so we'll we'll see what happens
there somebody asked is CBD oil uh hoax
um I wonder that
myself but probably and here's here's my
provisional opinion subject to change my
provisional opinion is that CBD oil is
probably uh effective for a range of
things so my guess is based on
everything I've seen the CBD oil has
been tested enough that we know it does
have certain number of benefits and
anecdotally people talk about it all the
time time but
probably uh people are claiming too
much probably people are claiming too
much about CBD oil but that that's just
my provisional
opinion but I think it does have
benefits
yes uh
all right just looking at your
comments the art of the Dale that would
be a that would have been a
funny that would have been a funny
title all
right uh I think we've said everything
we need to say for now and I will talk
to
you later