[Music]
hey
everybody let's see if I can get the
locals people up here on my separate
device so I can see you
special there we go there you are
well good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
that's what it is and if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels where
even SpaceX can't reach all you need is
a cup of Remar or a glass of tankered
shell or Stein a Ken Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous zp and it's going to happen
right now save it save
it it's a full body
tingle well some code pink activist uh
decided to
Target uh Jake tapper's house Jake
Tapper of CNN now if you saw the video
of it you would say to yourself hm they
seem to be indicating a protest in front
of the house I think the entire protest
was five people who showed up in
a uh
Volvo one of them had a uh
bullhorn because all the all the videos
that I saw of the protesters were
extreme close-ups look here's the face
of somebody with a
bullhorn and I think I think there's
another person standing there somewhere
nearby there couldn't have been more
than five people but here's the fun part
uh that the I guess Jake has some uh
older kids some teenagers and the
teenage kids were just mocking them and
playing God bless them they're playing
some patriotic music and and just
mocking them from the balcony and in the
garage and that's the way to handle it
Jake so Jake uh if he was home don't
even know if he was home but if he
was he wisely stayed off the camera and
uh apparently let his kids just mock
them which was fine um I'm very much
against people uh protesting public
figures
houses uh I don't think that's cool
whatsoever but I like the fact that used
his kids to mock them if it was
intentional maybe just the kids were
doing their own thing
anyway uh there's new and new studies
show that Generation Z is the unhappiest
generation and people are all figuring
out why could that be why is Gen Z the
unhappiest what could possibly cause
such a
thing I don't know could it be when they
look at the news it says that the
climate's under of control and going to
fry them all and there's no point having
children because they're all going to be
dead in a hellscape of hotness might be
that could be that uh they're being told
they're going to lose their democracy
and that Hitler uh has just reincarnated
into something orange and terrible could
be that could be that neither of those
things bother me because I don't think
they're
real how about uh the confusing gender
roles don't you think it would cause you
a little mental distress if you could
sort of pick your own gender I don't
remember ever having a conversation
about it that was that was sort of just
a given all right uh you're a boy got it
and never really needed to just have a
conversation about it again but imagine
if you were born into a world where
people were just choosing their
genders I you know I think I'm going to
go a different way from now on I think
I'm the other thing
I would think that given that you know
our sexual roles are so baked into
civilization and our genes and some
level that anytime you add any uh
uncertainty into that world that's got
to be bad for your mental
health how about hormone
disruptions how about that we got all
kinds of stuff in the environment we got
men's testosterone dropping and we know
testosterone makes men happy they've got
the right amount it makes them unhappy
if they got the wrong amount and we know
they got the wrong amount and then some
number of women are on uh chemical birth
control that changes their hormonal
balance do you think that has any impact
well I'm no doctor but
probably um how about the fact that it's
the first time in American history kids
don't think they can make enough money
to do things like have a family now I
don't know if that's really the case but
it sure looks like it you can see why
they would think it what about uh social
media and uh the phone of course social
media and the Foreigner phone are very
bad for your mental
health what about the fact that now that
we have such
connectivity we we don't just worry
about the problems that are local to us
like what's happening in your town and
what's happening in your family now you
get to worry about all the problems of
in the world you get to worry about the
poor ukrainians you get to worry about
the poor people in Gaza the poor people
in Israel you get to worry about
everybody all the time would that make
you mentally unhealthy yes it would yes
it would so I would say it's the the
least mystery of all Mysteries not only
do you have obvious reasons that are
pretty well established but you got a
 ton of them it's the longest list
of reasons to be sad I've ever seen in
my life and you know a lot of that is
just Democrats and
phones well here's the good side
apparently psychedelics are you know
almost every day now there's another
story about psychedelics helping
somebody with their mental health or
quitting addiction or something like
that but just in the last few days a few
things that I've read about is that
psychedelics uh just one exposure to
psychedelics once in your life can make
you more creative
forever apparently they can measure
mental flexibility which gets to
creativity and they can determine that
one exposure just one you know deep trip
under psychedelics and you will forever
be more
creative now this brings me to
me I've told you many times that when I
was uh just out of college first came to
California I had a mushroom experience
which I was just reading a story that a
number of people who have had a mushroom
experience describe it as the best day
of their life now that's exactly how
I've described it my whole life as the
best day of my life and it wasn't
anything close now I thought maybe it
was just me but apparently that's a
common experience but the the part that
I didn't really say out loud too much is
that I thought it changed me
permanently really you could tell I I
was a different person after that and
never went back and one of the things
that was different was I felt my
creativity
increased and sure enough apparently
there's some scientific backing to that
I could actually feel it because by the
time I became a
cartoonist I actually thought my powers
of creativity were for some reason that
I didn't understand and unusually
good and I think that was part of
it I was always creative but I even I
felt there was some kind of turbocharge
that happened as a young adult I I was
quite aware of it and I was always
puzzled by it because it felt like just
some kind of Gene kicked in that I
didn't know I had maybe it was that
maybe it was uh but now they know that
people who did
psychedelics uh will also score higher
on tests
so inductive reason verbal fluency
working memory processing speed
attention switching and inhibitory
control so it can get rid of your
depression your uh your anxiety your
addiction and it can make you smarter
and more
creative
permanently just think about
that it can solve all of those things
and make you more creative and make you
smarter
permanently I don't think we quite
understand where this is
heading this is so big that we it's hard
to actually wrap your head around it
it's one of the biggest things that's
ever happened in human
civilization and you know it's up there
with AI and Robotics in terms of how
much it's going to change the world all
we really
needed was to to change the psychology
from oh it's a dangerous drug stay away
to it might be the most miraculous
Medicine of all
humankind and that's happening so
normies are doing it you know the the
the soccer the soccer moms they're all
micro doing you know why the sale of
alcohol seems to be going down micro
doing even more so than I think than
marijuana that's what I think I think
the micro doing is cutting into the
alcohol far more than anything else
all right uh here's a funny story over
in California there's a funding bill
that includes $12 million for
reparations now you say to yourself 12
million I thought they wanted like you
know a billion dollars or a trillion
dollar even in
California what do you get for 12
million well 12 million isn't the
reparations now 12 million will go to
the activists who want reparations so
that they have more time to study how to
get those
reparations in other words let me
translate this into uh common language
for those of you who do not have big
company
experience remember how I laughed when
Gavin Nome told the activists about
reparations you know what you should
form a committee and you should go off
and study it and then get back to me and
then he got back to him he said you know
what you know what we really need is
more studying
so of course he was never serious about
reparations because it's a political
dagger right through his heart he
doesn't have a chance if he get if it
goes through but he can't say no to it
so reparations is the thing you can't
say yes to if you're a politician but
you definitely can't say no to it and
there are only two things yes or no or
is there well it turns out that Gavin
clever man that he is realized there's
something between yes and no which is we
better study stud this and then after
you studied it hm very good studying you
did there but you know I've got a couple
more questions you ought to go study
that and then the reparations people
realizing they had him by the balls said
uh how
about how about you pay us to study it
more and
then then knowing it's not his own
money Nome thought okay if I pay you to
study it which an objective Observer
would call a bribe to go away and shut
up for a while and I had and I could pay
the bribe with other people's money and
I could sell it as not a bribe but
rather an important funding toward
making the world a better place once
it's studied
properly so
yes apparently every time let me just
say this an obvious statement where ever
there's a reparation study committee
there are some grifters who figured out
they can get white people to give them
lots of money to make it look like
they're studying
something I kind of wish I were in that
game because it looks like a really
really good scam oh yeah if you don't
pay me $24
million I don't know how I'm going to
study these reparations but I'll
certainly call you a racist every day
you're in office for not having a
reparations Comm that's properly funded
and now the other states are like wait a
minute are you telling me the activists
are getting paid to pretend that they're
studying
reparations they're all going to have
their own reparations study Force it's
the obvious way to make them go away and
shut up about it they're just being
bribed so it's a legal way to bribe
people just to shut up until elections
are over and it works so anytime you say
that Gavin doesn't have game he's got
game he's not the one I want to be my
president but don't underestimate that
guy he's got some game this is this is
well
played all
right um apparently there's a new study
that says there's a trillion doll
problem oh great another trillion dollar
problem we don't have enough of those uh
where there's too much lead in the uh in
the yards of people's homes so 25% of
the US yards have unsafe levels of
lead now what I wondered was if there
any
correlation to any areas that have more
lead it turns out that you're going to
have more lead where there's older
infrastructure so wherever there's older
infrastructure so that would include
basically all of the Democrat
cities so New York Detroit Baltimore you
know older
infrastructure now what are what is the
effect of having too much lead in your
environment well the big one is it
lowers your
IQ you see where this is
adding the Democrat cities have the
oldest
infrastructure the old infrastructure is
correlated with more lead in your
environment more lead in the environment
makes you stupid I think we just figured
out what's going on yeah the Democrats
are exposed to too much lead and we're
confusing it with political opinions
whoa who no don't that's not an opinion
you just have too much
lead no yeah yeah why don't you go study
it for a while here's some money to go
study it because I can't convince you
that you're dumb because you have too
much lead in your
brain but uh I'm not joking by the
way if the correlation is this strong
and the is this much lad in our
environment it would be affecting
Democrats more than other people just
because their living
circumstances and it does make you
dumber so it might be that Democrats of
all of all Races and genders and
everything else uh that Democrats just
because of where they live are getting
Dumber now would that be systemic
racism if that were true there's more l
making you dumb in places that Democrats
are clustered for unrelated reasons that
would be systemic racism so those of you
who say systemic racism isn't real I
just don't think you're trying very hard
of course it's real of course it
is there are some things that are just
baked into the system that are really
hard to change now I don't think that
you should focus on those well obviously
you should focus on fixing them if you
can but I don't think that should be the
driving force of how we live our lives
rather the driving force should be the
you know the king Randall kind of learn
to take care of yourself build a talent
stack and these problems just go away if
you have talent all the problems go away
hey did you hear about the uh highly
qualified uh black engineer who couldn't
get a
job you've heard about that right
there's a story about a a very qualified
black engineer has all the
qualifications went to MIT got a degree
has a good background experience no
problems whatsoever can't get a job in
America did you hear about that no you
never heard about that because it didn't
happen it's never happened once there
are zero cases where a qualified black
man can't get a job in America none
there are lots of cases where somebody
has a criminal record that's a problem
there are lots of places
where you know there are individual
pockets of discrimination that's real
usually smaller companies the big
companies of course are dying for
diversity there's no such thing as a
person with valuable job skills who
doesn't have a job in America none it
hasn't happened
once so where is why does the systemic
racism go away as soon as you develop
skills well never goes away per se but
you can slice through it like it didn't
Bo didn't matter to you right so you
could say that stick of butter is real
but if you have a hot
poker you can just put it on the stick
of butter and it disappears just melts
so be the hot
poker don't be somebody who stopped by a
stick of
butter all
right
um apparently there's some kind of new
compound scientist in Japan gave to mice
who had Alzheimer's and they fixed them
so now they can fix uh Alzheimer's and
mice
finally you know I don't know about you
but one of the things I worry about too
much is mice with
Alzheimer's I think I see some once in a
while I'll see a mouse you know out out
in my backyard or something I'll be like
that Mouse looks like Joe Biden
you know you look at the mouse and it'll
be like all hunched over like
this and it walk like
this and I say to myself that's a that's
a mouse with Alzheimer's but now there's
a Japanese drug that can cure
it so a lot of your Japanese mice at
least that's probably where it will
start will be walking upright
and uh and their debate performances
will be much better
yeah they also found that the mice would
win debates no I'm just making that up
but they're probably smarter once they
cure that
Alzheimer's anyway um we don't know if
this will work on human beings somebody
mentioned the other day that mice uh
that mice testing is more about whether
it will kill you and it doesn't predict
that it will work in
humans it does give you a good idea that
if it didn't kill the mice
it might not kill us either not
guaranteed but it's a good indication it
doesn't tell you it's going to work
that's that's another uh another
level well Elon Musk says he he aims to
be able to build a thousand rocket ships
a year he's got a brand new rocket ship
Factory um that's gearing up it's
nowhere near a thousand per year at the
moment but they're making a lot of them
like a I think they're making a rocket
every other day and the question I have
is what do they need to put on those
Rockets if the Rockets are not actually
going to the moon or Mars yet why why do
we need that much capacity to put stuff
in space is it just satellites do do we
have an
unlimited demand for launching
satellites we might I mean that might be
the whole thing but uh
that is one hell of a thing that really
snuck up on me if you'd said Scott how
many Rockets Does Elon Musk have I would
have said well I think he's got two and
he keeps reusing them but probably
there's three or four you know in the
pipeline just in case I didn't know it's
going to be hundreds and I certainly
didn't know it's going to be a thousand
per
year so he might have thousands of
rockets you know launching three or four
per day or something that's where he's
heading well the Babylon B reports that
12 women have come forward uh to say
that they were sexually assaulted by uh
quote whoever the Trump VP
is that's a pretty good joke and also
not too far from reality because whoever
Trump picks for the vice president will
be accused of sexual
impropriety yes they will which by the
way might be the main reason to pick
whoever he picks if he could find
somebody who wouldn't be accused of
sexual
impropriety and I worry about the
good-look
candidates because it's so much harder
to be good-looking you that's one of the
lucky things about my life I always say
to myself would I be as successful in my
career if I were good-look and I think
the answer is no because if I were
good-look I'd wake up every day and get
everything I
needed you know a bunch of attractive
women would want to have sex with me and
i' think huh I guess I don't even need
to be rich I could I could cut back on
the working get myself a ni you know
part-time job and live like a king with
my heram who thinks I'm handsome but
since I was not born
handsome I said to myself by in the
mirror when I was about 5 years old
literally true story you'd better get a
really good job if you want to compete
in this world because you're not going
to do it on your looks and so I did and
that by the way that's completely true I
honestly did look in the mirror at
around the age of five and said man you
better you better get a b game your aame
isn't working at all doesn't look like
it's going to kick in you better you
better start working on that b game and
so I
did yeah I am a planner I do plan 45
years in advance literally I plan 45
years in
advance all right uh there's a top
cancer charity I don't know which one
but they're apologizing for using the
word cervix in their materials and they
say they should have use the more um
inclusive term front
hole because it's not not just women who
have
vaginas um it's everybody everybody can
have one
so um so you got your front hole so
don't say cervix when you can say front
hole now you might say to yourself my
goodness this top cancer charity they
sound to me like a bunch of back
holes that's right they're a bunch of
back holes
yep we'll just let that sink in well did
you know that the uh tariff the US
tariff on Chinese electric vehicles is
over
100% it's over 100% but correct me if
I'm wrong but didn't Democrats tell us
that tariffs are a terrible terrible
idea and this is a Biden thing Biden put
a 100% tariff on election elect cars
from
China so can you Democrats make up your
mind is it the dumbest worst thing
that's never worked once in the world or
is it just a trump policy that makes
perfect sense that you shouldn't destroy
yourself economically just because China
wants you to not a good enough
reason so yeah we have 100% tariff to
keep those electric vehicles from China
and of our markets
I think we're going to have to do the
same thing with
robots um with
AI
and um yeah robots and AI basically and
EVS
so I think that the uh the markets that
are most important to the United States
in every case we're going to have to
have a 100% um some kind of tariff
because you can't really let China rule
Us in robots
winning robots is
existential we have to win
robots by the way I'm going to give you
a little uh uh little lesson here in
what makes a human a
human so I've told you this before but I
came to a better way to explain it I've
told you that I don't believe that art
created by robots and AI will ever be a
big thing and the the the is and this is
just mine I've never heard anybody else
say this that we recognize art as
triggering to us like it means something
to us not because the art is well done
but because a human made it and it looks
like Superior genetic quality and it's a
mating signal so even if you're not
looking to mate we're just born that way
and even if you're the wrong gender to
be attracted to the artist still works
because we're all we're all still we
can't look away when we see somebody
with talent and talent is simply a
marker for
Reproductive Health right so whether
whether your talent is art or your
talent is music your visual art or music
or acting or anything if you have that
thing people are attracted to it and
they get a feeling when they look at
your art because they're feeling you
you're feeling the artist when you look
at the art even if you don't know who it
is you still feel the artist and so my
hypothesis is that AI art can never
triag us if we know it's Ai and probably
we'll have some laws to say we'll know
so if you know it's AI you can say eh
yeah the computers are good so what I
have not yet found any art made by AI as
impressive as it is that I wanted to
spend much time looking
at you know what I mean
it's really impressive and it does look
better than humans can do and all that
no interest at all you know it has its
utility you know maybe you do something
to include in a post on social media or
put it in your blog post or something so
it's useful but it doesn't move you the
way that human art can so now I'm going
to now I'm going to make my point with
this fast forward five years when robots
have full human movement and Good
batteries and Ai and somebody says I'm
going to form a robot basketball
league where my robots will play your
robots and they'll play actual
basketball they'll dribble they'll shoot
they'll foul everything would you watch
it the answer is once you might watch it
once but you will never be interested in
robots playing basketball now imagine if
the robots could play basketball better
than Michael Jordan they could jump
higher and do these impressive dunks
would you watch it not even a little bit
do you know why because it's not
people yeah we're not interested in
basketball we have no interest in
basketball because if we had interest in
basketball you could watch Robots play
and you go wow look at that basketball
they can really play that basketball
those robots no you would have no
interest at all people watch basketball
because they want to the
players men watch basketball because
it's men who are better than them and
like we're kind of drawn to just looking
at anything in that domain yeah that's
the real reason it's because the
athletes are you know super examples of
people you want to mate with they're
they're displaying a talent that is
unusual so
the basketball example should tell you
that AI art is probably not the future
except in utility
way uh there's you you've been following
this story that I haven't talked about
at all I'll tell you why uh there's a
bunch of chinese-owned
Farmland that in many cases is nearby to
US military
bases and it's an alarming threat now I
take that
seriously I do think that having a bunch
of Chinese Farmland adjacent to American
bases that does seem like a security
risk but I would also point out and the
reason I hadn't talked about it until
now is that if you have a lot of
bases and you have a lot of
Farmland how are they not going to line
up so I was having trouble
um removing chance from the story
because I looked at the map
and it looked to me like some were near
bases some were not but a lot
were am I worried about that yeah yeah
because it is it is a resource that you
could imagine China might take advantage
of if they wanted to so yeah it's a
problem but I don't know if it's a a
plot it might be so you have to worry
about it exactly as if you know it's a
plot but I don't know I don't know it
could be just they need to they need
food so they create a bunch of farms and
places that have good conditions for
farms and then they ship the food back
so it might be 80% food 20% you know as
long as you're going to buy some
Farmland wouldn't it be nice if it were
in this area instead of that area so
there might be some you know
military direction to it just in case it
would be a smart thing for China to do
to just have a bunch of locations that
they can use with
impunity all right judge Canon is the
judge who's weighing in on whether Jack
Smith who's the
prosecutor uh whatever name they're
using for it uh special whatever for the
uh maralago box gate and the idea is
that uh he might not have been appointed
through a legal process and therefore
should be removed from the case so
that's pending the uh the story here is
that judge Canon was a a trump appointee
and people are saying that she's too Pro
Trump and that uh you know she should be
removed from the case I guess
um here's here's what I take from
it what I take from it is if you're
poor uh you get whatever judge they
assign you and you take your
chances but knowing that everybody's
biased about everything all the time
humans are just biased there's no way
around
it
um but it seems to me that rich people
actually can shop for judges and
prosecutors not every time but you know
you can try to get a change of venue you
can ask for a judge to be removed
because your because your lawyers did
such a good job of finding some conflict
that nobody knew about that sort of
thing so it seems to me that we have a
two phe legal
system the poor get whatever we whatever
we give them and they just got to deal
with it and the rich decide whether they
will go to jail or
Not by which judge they
get you know because once it becomes
political or even if there's just a
billionaire involved uh it's always
political then it seems like the game is
getting the right
judge so where Trump gets the wrong
judge judges in New
York and we say well that's
unfair um he might get the right judge I
don't know that this judge is biased in
his favor but it's a it's a
reasonable
suspicion whether it's true or
not but suppose it is true and suppose
it's the only reason that Trump gets off
that's our system our system is rich
people get to shop
judges at least they can try and poor
people don't and that picking the right
judge as we know from the Supreme Court
is about 80% predictive in terms of how
things are going to
go so it does expose the uh system quite
a bit all right Trump had a big uh rally
in Philadelphia the big story is there's
no big
story the big story is and I will
compliment the the Trump campaign again
um people who went there described it as
Flawless in other words the organization
of it the the attendance the design of
it uh Trump's performance the equipment
you know all the
logistics
Flawless now compare that to Biden who's
hiding in his basement pretending to get
ready for a
debate I tell you there's a little bit
of the dog non barking here but every
day that Trump does doesn't do a trump
like provocative thing that makes you
say why did he do that everything was
going so well until he did that and he's
not doing that it's not an accident it's
not a
coincidence that Trump is running a
Flawless campaign he's got skill that is
employed in this I don't know who
exactly it could be a combination of
people but he's got really really smart
people working on this campaign and you
can just see it you you can see it every
time he does something that it just has
this little extra envelope of smartness
around it that you didn't see the first
the first two times he ran you didn't
see it but you see it now and you see it
just so clearly here's another example
um some Republicans are suggesting that
his best campaign strategy would be to
be not Trump in other words don't um
don't talk over don't be competitive and
in a non-debate way you know just don't
go too
hard and the thinking is he just has to
describe you know the path that he gives
you the path that Biden will probably
give you the fact that you've seen both
of them at work you have you have a full
four-year interview essentially for each
of them and he that Trump can simply say
here's what Biden gives you here's what
I give you there's no
contest I agree with that
with the caveat that nobody can really
advise Trump so he he still is the one
who's going to decide and a lot of it
will be
spontaneous I don't think he's really
not prepared you know he he's kind of
playing it off like he's not preparing
because it'll be more impressive if he
does well but I assume he's preparing
he's just doing it his own
way anyway so uh and I would agree if he
just plays it straight he's going to win
I had some actual suggestions
here I had an actual
suggestion
um all right here's here's my debate
advice besides not don't be too
aggressive we're very close to the point
I don't know if we're there yet where
Trump could say what I call the uh the
Bob Dole strategy now it's a strategy
used against Bob Dole by um by the
Clinton campaign when they were running
for reelection but the Bill Clinton
Campaign which was to treat Bob Dole
with respect because he was elderly and
a vet so once you get a lead you know it
looks like you're going to win anyway
you stop being an and you start
showing empathy and
respect and I think that Trump of course
he's going to keep keep going hard at at
uh Biden all the way to the finish line
but could you imagine him
saying that we need to respect the
elderly and that Biden had a good
run imagine imagine Trump saying you we
have to give respect to the elderly now
people would laugh at that because Trump
is almost the same age but it would be
funny and you couldn't ignore it you
know we should we should have respect
for the elderly Joe had a good run but
we can all see that his time has come to
an
end just imagine that coming out of
Trump's mouth or some version of
it we should respect the
elderly and I'm going to go hard this
election if you know if you go hard I'm
going to go hard but honestly Joe you
had a good run you made it all the way
to
president but now I think you know a due
respect to people who have reach your
situation in life is that we should
allow you to make a graceful
exit and it looks like the voters are
going to do that for you and if you go
hard at me I'm going to go hard at you
that's our system but I think at this
point we can only see that maybe empathy
is the way to go here it would be
devastating it would be devastating if
Trump said we should maybe go a little
easy on you because everybody can see
what's going on at this point point but
then don't go
easy you know don't be a bully but
definitely don't go easy just just
pointed out as something we should now
consider that since we can all see he's
gone that maybe we should take a
different approach to this it would be a
killer well uh also Trump said we should
stop giving attention to Bill Mah uh
because Bill Mah has got a failing show
and he's unimportant blah blah blah blah
blah well I'd like to talk about Bill
Mah because I don't take that advice
whatsoever I think Mike cerovich is
saying the same thing stop giving oxygen
to Bill Maher I'll stop giving him
oxygen when it doesn't work to my
advantage if that starts happening I'll
stop doing it but at the moment with the
story I'm going to tell you right now
it's very much working to my advantage
as a
communicator here's what Bill Mah said
see if this sounds familiar to you see
if it's something that maybe you heard B
say once or twice or 10 times all right
here's what Bill Mars said on his show
he was talking about uh all the polls
about Biden losing support among various
things he says he's uh losing 14 points
among Hispanics 43 points among black
voters I don't I'll just give you the
big line I I think these details are
misleading but he's basically saying
that every category for Miss spanic the
blacks to under 50 student debt holders
even the people as student debt were
more for Trump and uh something about
even losing support for women so Bill M
says Bill M
says how can they be
tied if the polls say he's losing ground
in every
category how can he be tied at the Top
Line if we know he's losing every
category have you heard me say that
that's exactly what I
said I said how do you explain that he
looks like he's
Tai when they're also saying he's losing
every
category Well it can't they can't both
be true but here's what I posted on this
bill Mah is so close to understanding
the world he lives in he doesn't yet but
he's so close I think think he might get
there and what he needs to understand is
that nothing's
true that that that the polls that are
coming out from respected entities are
legitimately faked they're
intentionally obviously
observably
transparently fake so there's no real
mystery here there's no mystery at all
the polls are fake now are some of the
polls accurate
probably because they're not all the
same but no you should expect tons of
fake polls that would and he's he's seen
the glitch in The Matrix now you know he
lives in a world where he thinks that at
least his news is real so he's still
locked into the world where if you look
at the if you read the credible news as
he would Define them that that's not
right every single time and he points
out when they're wrong but that you know
you get a pretty good idea of what's
true By ignoring the bad news sources
and focusing on the good ones he hasn't
quite caught on that there aren't any
good ones and maybe there never were I
mean my personal theory is that there
never were here's
why if the CIA can control the news they
will there's no doubt about that but
they're not going to try to control it
for you know every little story you know
not the local stuff but they're
certainly going to control it completely
when there's some argument that there's
a national
interest that would be their
job arguably that's what we pay them for
to make sure they're no gigantic
national interests that we
ignore and so it seems hugely unlikely
that to me that even during the days we
trusted the news and the kronite days
everybody said he's so so trusted he's
so trusted my current view is that
almost guarantees he was a CIA asset do
you know why people said he was
trusted I
don't I don't know why I think it's only
because he didn't get caught with fake
news and probably the CIA started the
idea that he was so
trusted I think it's always been
fake and and but what I mean by that is
that the news about anything important
you know like why did Nixon get removed
from office I don't think we've ever
been told the truth about that you know
why did Kennedy get
killed yeah probably a lot of things
were not being told the truth so yes one
if you believe that your news is real
and the other is fake you end up being
confused about why the polls are giving
you something that is logically
impossible I'm not confused I know exact
what's going on they're fake
polls so as soon as you get past the
idea that some of it's true everything
makes sense it's a it's a good
feeling well you remember Jack dorsy
founder of old Twitter uh he's saying
that the issue with the algorithms is
not just that they're politically
biased it's that they remove your free
will how you like
that the algorithm
effectively determine how we think you
know it would be easy to demonstrate
that if you were fed a certain algorithm
you'd have a certain point of view if
they fed you a different algorithm you'd
have a different point of view it's the
tick tock effect it's well understood
right there's no argument about that so
if somebody else is
deciding what things are going to the
front of your brain and that's what
social media is doing with the
algorithms if something that's not your
brain decides what you're going to think
about the most and even the narrative
and and the way you're going to think
about it do you have free
will well you're going to say you do
well I'll just look at different sources
and I won't believe it and I'll know
there's more context
no
the uh like other machines work miracles
do things like humans there there's
somebody in all caps who is imagining I
said the opposite of what I've ever said
and that uh and he's really mad about my
point of view that's the opposite of my
point of
view there's somebody yelling in all
caps that I believe that robots will be
magic and do everything that humans can
do I just got done saying the opposite
of that that they won't be able to do
art and
why so all caps guy seems pretty drunk
morning Drinker looks like anyway yes uh
I I would go further Jack dorsy says
we're going to lose free will because
the algorithms will effectively program
our brains that's a reasonable
frame but I would go further to the next
level of awareness and
say that Free Will is an illusion and
what we will lose is the illusion of
Free
Will so once you realize that your
opinions keep matching your Tik Tock
feed you're going to realize that your
illusion of Free Will is starting to go
so you'll probably paper that over with
some cognitive
dissonance well I told you before that
there's a Swiss firm that's making
organic computers so in other words they
have a fake organic brain didn't come
from a person it just I guess I grew it
in a lab and it can do all kinds of
computational tasks like a regular
computer while consuming a million times
less power than silicon chips a million
times less power
now keep in mind our biggest problem is
we're going to run out of power with all
the robots and EVs and
AI but we might be able to reduce it by
a
million if there are some kind of
organic brains now I think that the
problem is they don't last very
long um because they're
organic so I don't know what happens
when your organic computer gets
Alzheimer's or dementia
and would you pick up on it right away
and is that even a thing can it actually
happen What happens when the brain
starts to degrade a little
bit you know does it stop working
suddenly or you don't notice and it's
just sort of off for a while I don't
know lots of questions but it's pretty
exciting all right here's uh sort of the
big question for the day as you know
President Biden ran on the fine people
hoax that he tried to sell to the
country and the people who don't follow
the news too closely as true Did you
know that Snopes the fact the most
famous factchecking entity which
traditionally has leaned
left says in a full-throated way that it
didn't happen it's a hoax now they don't
say hoax but they do say clearly and
unambiguously president Trump did not
call the neo-nazis fine
people and so
um as I I included uh Michael Ian Black
in my uh in my comment on that and I
said that one of the ways you can tell
the truth in our world of lies about
everything is if people on both sides
have the same version so if Fox News and
CNN say the same thing that's much more
likely to be true if only one of them
says something is true and the other
says it's not true
H could go either way but if there are
people on both who say something's true
or not true that means something for
example even CNN's legal analysts and
lots of other Democrat legal people said
that uh Trump's uh Stormy Daniels push
payment trial was pure lawfare and that
if it hadn't been Trump nobody would
have brought the case now if only Fox
News told you that or only Breitbart
you'd say to yourself maybe true maybe
spun but if you hear it from the legal
analysts on both sides exactly the same
that's a real good
indication that you're seeing something
true so now you have uh Fox News ran an
article today about Snopes pointing out
that you know the the Fox News approach
has always been it's been fake so now
you have Fox News agreeing with Snopes
and breit Bart Joel Pollock also writing
about this um also
noting that snopes is now in
Conformity so just keep this in mind
right the T pole in other words the most
important structure in the tent the tent
pole
hoax that got Biden
elected is now known by both the left
and the right to be based on a hoax but
have I ever taught you about the hoax
funnel where once you debunk a hoax
people don't say oh I guess you got me
you're you're totally right and I'm
totally wrong and now that now I see the
evidence of that they don't they back up
to a related hoax that had nothing to do
with the original and they try to claim
that the related thing is the thing for
example when Russia collusion fell
apart the Democrats didn't say oh God I
guess that was just a big old hoax no
they said Paul manord went to jail for
uh giving some uh let's see internal
polling data to a Russian oligarch so
really it was right all along no that's
going down the hoax
funnel that it was never about Paul
manfor doing something with this one
Russian that was not the Russia
collusion
hoax but once once they lose their main
claim as they did when the Muller came
out that they had to retreat down the
funnel to something that sounds like it
and has some factual basis but it's not
really the same thing it's not even the
same general
point so here's what Snopes did going
down the funnel yes I'm very glad that
they said Trump did not call the
neo-nazis fine people but snob said it
is false that there were any normal
people there now um those are my own
words normal people in this context
would be be people who were not racists
did not agree with the racist did not
march with the racists but still wanted
the statues to remain you know they had
an opinion they just wanted to be there
for
that now snope says that is not true
they
existed how did they explain that I
actually talked to them
personally I talked to to locals
Charlottesville locals who saw on the
news that there was a protest just down
the street and they saw that a whole
bunch of people from out of town this is
important a whole bunch of people from
out of town were coming to their town to
tell them what kind of statues they can
have and so some of the locals said well
how about all of you how about we
decide if we have these statues and you
know they like them for historical
reasons I asked directly directly do you
side with agree with or disavow the
racists they said very directly oh we
totally disavow them we want nothing to
do with the racists we're we're not
racists they they are racists we want
nothing to do with them so now once I
say that what where do you go on the
hoax
funnel do you know the third ring of the
hoax
funnel once I say I have personally done
the research and I'm talking to you and
I'm telling you that there were fine
people there who were not racists and
not with them what did they say well
Scott why would they be marching with
the racists
then but that didn't happen they were
physically separated nowhere near them
didn't plan to march with them never
would have marched with them hated their
guts so then when I point that out that
they weren't physically there in fact
the police kept everybody away from the
Marchers so even if you wanted to march
with them you couldn't have got near it
you could have been in the area of the
protest but you could have gotten
nowhere near the Marchers even if you
wanted to jump in and help them you
couldn't the police were preventing you
from getting near
them for good reasons so what comes
next how could
anybody not know it was a Nazi
event so Scott since they all had to
know it was Nazi
organized I'm not really believing that
they went there for their own purposes
because who goes to a Nazi event Scott
who goes to a Nazi
event to which I say again I talked to
him and I asked that question and they
said I didn't know it was a Nazi event I
just heard there was a a thing on on the
news so the local news reported it that
there's people protesting statues and
they had an opinion so they got in their
car and they drove down
there that's what it was they had an
opinion they drove down there to you
know maybe to watch but maybe also to
have their opinion known
so uh there so so snopes is not credible
in the sense that they're still lying
and they have to know they're lying
because they did the same thing not
Snopes necessarily but the way the uh
the 2020 election is covered they act
like if they don't do the research they
can say there was no problem with the
election well nobody found anything so
therefore there was nothing to be found
that's not how anything works if
nothing's found you only know that
nothing was
found it it would be a rare
situation where such as looking in a box
that you have in your hand where not
finding it would conclud ively tell you
there's nothing in it right if you're
holding a box and you're looking in the
Box well yes you can tell that if you
looked in it and it's not there there's
nothing in the box but you can't tell
that about this big system where you
couldn't possibly see all the moving
Parts yeah that's not a thing so to say
that there were no fine people when the
only people who tried to check found
them the New York Times found some and I
found some
easily so that's the third ring of the
The hoax but it's enough so that Trump
if he chose to could say you know this
Snopes which leans left said the fine
people think was a complete hoax if he
said that during the debate that'd be
pretty strong because the Democrats have
heard of Snopes and they would take that
seriously I
think well there's new news about the
alleged Badness of Paul Ryan uh cash
Patel is saying that there's a British
Court there was some kind of case over
there that somehow has produced
information that we hadn't seen before
that alleges that Paul
Ryan Democrat some would say uh you know
anti-trumper but I'm sorry a republican
yeah he was a Republican leader but an
anti-trumper so an anti-trump Republican
who is also on the board of Fox News I
believe but uh we're finding account or
the allegation is that he got a copy of
the steel dossier in
2016 and never told
anybody in other words he was one of the
first people to have a full copy of the
steel
dossier and never till this day
mentioned it now the question you have
to ask yourself is since we know the
steel dossier was created as a fraud for
the intention of destroying
Trump doesn't it raise a little question
about why they would give one to a
republican if you suspect suspected that
Paul Ryan you know maybe more uh
connected to the military-industrial
complex and not so much a
republican this would be evidence for
that claim that they knew that it wasn't
his party that mattered it just mattered
if he was in favor of big Wars and maybe
he was now I'm just speculating we don't
know what was in the mind of Paul Ryan
we don't know why he kept it you maybe
he has a perfectly good reason I mean
the re the reason could be as simple as
he didn't think it was real so he just
didn't mention
it it could be just that so I wouldn't
jump to the conclusion that we know what
this means but is it
disturbing
very how did we get to that today
without knowing that he was one of the
first people who had a full copy of the
steel
dossier and what did he think about it
when he saw it did he believe
it so we do have some questions don't we
we have
questions all right um now Biden is
gaslighting Israel so the Democrats are
very
consistent uh they're they're in full
narcissist mode where they'll tell you
that what you're looking at you can't
see so as you know when we look at Joe
Biden walking like a cadav and and
babbling we know his brain is
gone so what do the Democrats say no
he's fine what are you talking about oh
in private he's fine yeah it's probably
just some cheap fakes no you're not
seeing what you're seeing no no he's
fine so if they can sell
that if they can sell that um they can
sell anything and now they're
gaslighting Israel Joel poock had an
article on this and bre barart um so
apparently the uh who is he uh yova
Galant he's the head of the military um
had to come to America to see if he can
get the Biden Administration to release
the shipment of arms and
ammunition that Israel says it needs but
the white White House claims it is not
withholding so Israel believes that
they're not giving them the weapons and
what is the Biden White how saying yes
we are well well no you're not because
you have the weapons we need the weapons
you know what the weapons are you've
agreed to give us the weapons we don't
have the weapons you have not given us
the weapons that's why we're sending our
top military guy to see what can change
so we can get the weapons and what does
the Biden Administration
say oh you have all the weapons no we
don't have the weapons I swear to God we
don't have any weapons that you said you
were going to give us you did not send
them yeah we did sure we
did that's their entire
Administration it's just telling you
that what you see you're not seeing I've
never seen anything like this before the
the fine people hoax is an example of
that all you had to do was look at the
transcript and they would say
that's not there how about the the
drinking bleach Oaks uh it's obviously
he was talking about light you can see
mentioned light before and after his
comments it was always
light no it wasn't what what are you
doing what are you doing to me it's just
pure
gaslighting but now the Democrats are
even gaslighting their peers with fake
dissertations so there's an allegation
now that uh Democrat Congressman Jamal
man of New York uh there's an accusation
that his uh
dissertation uh was got has a whole
bunch of stolen parts from other
people's
work so do you know what is going to
happen when somebody says look we found
this quote from somebody else's prior
work and here's the paragraph you wrote
and you can see that yours is identical
to this other one and therefore pretty
obvious in case that you stole it do you
know what Jamal Bowman's going to
say no I didn't well see but here it is
like it's well documented and then
here's yours right next to it you see
they're the same
right no they're not but they are
they're actually actually the same look
look look at the words these words are
the same as these words and the data on
it is clearly before yours and you even
You' incited it
no I didn't well here's the
citation and here's the exact wording
and you didn't put it in
quotes yes I
did now I'm just joking about Jamal
Bowman but it feels like every
conversation is just going that way now
no we didn't I don't know what you're
talking
about all
right um now there's an interesting
question
and um I was reading about this in uh
let's see John Solomon and Stephen
Richards reporting on this in just the
news
website uh the question is from the uh
there's the committee that's trying to
figure out what the so-called Biden
crime family was up to
and uh they're wondering now if Biden
was giving quote defensive briefings on
what Hunter was doing
overseas now a defensive briefing would
be you should just know this yeah do you
know what your son is
doing maybe we should mention that we've
picked up some indication that your son
is doing some sketchy looking things in
another country now I feel like that
would have been normal business meaning
that surely the government had an idea
what Hunter was doing in Ukraine surely
some of the Intel people thought maybe
we should tell Biden since he's in
office this is when he was vice
president and it seems likely they would
have clued him in which would mean that
Biden was lying when he said he didn't
know anything about his son's business
uh Etc so it could be an important thing
um if only because it would show some
deception but uh here's a little
reminder of things we do know according
also to just the
news uh according to them there's a
mountain of incontrovertible evidence
now that's that's narrative by the way
uh if you want to learn to spot
narrative versus fact it the what
follows are facts but the
characterization of the facts as a
mountain of
incontrovertible that's narrative right
because I'm sure that there's somebody
who says it's not true so everything's
it's hard to be
incontrovertible but anyway here are
some things that we're pretty sure are
demonstrated to be truth now um let's
see that hundra Biden made Millions
while his father was vice president so
they now have a good idea the timing of
things from business associates with
unsavory
backgrounds including a Ukrainian energy
firm deemed corrupt by the state
department a Chinese executive convicted
by the Department of Justice of
corruption a Russian oligarch unable to
get an American bank account because of
red flags and a Romanian oligarch
charged with bribery in his country and
two Americans convicted of Securities
frauds
so I don't have an opinion about any of
that being especially
illegal but it does seem hard to believe
that Biden wasn't briefed on it so keep
an eye on this one I think they're going
to show that he was briefed somehow I
think they're going to be able to find
that
out well meanwhile there's still two
astronauts stranded on the International
Space Station and Boeing's struggling to
fix some uh some Hardware software
problems in their ship to go and and get
them if they miss the window they have
to wait a bunch of time because you
can't go up there anytime you want
for physics reasons um
so is Boe always going to look like a
Dei
problem now I have no reason to believe
that Dei has anything to do with any of
their
problems but it's happening at the same
time as
Dei so don't you assume they're related
as just a working
assumption now it's unfair and it's like
super racist to even imagine that this
could have any anything to do with their
sudden decrease in quality but remember
it's not racist because you could
replace the races or just even reverse
them and you get the same impact so if
you can put any race into the situation
let's say the system you can put any
race into it and you get the same
outcome I'm not sure that's race that's
about the system if if the if the race
is irrelevant to the outcome it's the
system and what I mean by the system is
the demand for a specific kind of
qualified person far exceeds the
supply and in the normal American not
American but human way that we deal with
things people are going to hire people
underqualified so they can meet their
diversity goals because that's your
that's your bonus this year you won't
know if the hirers did a bad job for a
few years but you want to get that bonus
this year so you're going to you're
going to bend things a little bit to get
your diversity goals
met in theory planes should be falling
from the sky because of Dei as a system
not because of anybody's demographic
group just as a system they can't
possibly work on paper on paper it can't
work it'd be one thing to say well we
implemented it poorly that's not what's
happening on paper it can't be
implemented correctly because you don't
have enough apply the only way you can
do it is in the the very long run where
you do a much better job of training
young people so that you have a better
supply of diverse candidates in which
case you wouldn't need
Dei let me say it
again how many unemployed black
aeronautic Engineers do you believe
there are in the whole
world black
qualified Aviation
Engineers that can't get work none they
are exactly zero so if you want
diversity you fix the qualifications of
the people starting in preschool and you
just make sure you don't let up make
sure everybody's got a good shot then
takes care of itself you would have full
employment of all qualified people of
every every demographic group now if
you've got a bunch of people who can't
get jobs because they're unqualified it
just means you didn't do a good enough
job you know training them and maybe
they were trained for the wrong
stuff not everybody can be aeronautic
Engineers I know I
couldn't well anyway Kathy Wood who's
the uh CEO of Arc Investments big
investment company she's a big name in
the investment world you should know um
is going to vote for
Trump so yet another smart
person in the Pro Trump uh family now
remember when you could really say that
out loud if you had a if you had a
business you just couldn't say
it but uh apparently she doesn't mind I
think she's Pro Elon Musk as
well all right
um so on Tuesday I'm going to talk to
michaelan black um I'm G to have a
special live stream it'll be after this
one at 11:00 a.m. my time on Tuesday
which would be 2 p.m. on the east coast
and uh assuming that you know nothing
comes up between now and then the
question will be not not is Trump good
or bad you know I I know where that
conversation would go so there's no
point in having it but rather he asked a
fascinating question how do you know the
news is real and I've got about 20
things to answer that question uh but
one of the things he posted this morning
was there was was a MSNBC interview uh
in which somebody from the Heritage
Foundation was being
interviewed and he said and again it's a
reasonable reasonable observation isn't
this real
news because where it all started was me
saying all the news is fake so here was
somebody on the right a respected voice
on the right talking to a host on MSNBC
who obviously leans left I think it was
Bernie's old campaign manager and
and and isn't that real
news well I would call that
opinion there was one person brought on
to say what do you think about all this
stuff and then he did now it's useful
but it's opinion I wouldn't call that
news so we have lots to talk about about
what's news and what's opinion um but
opinions are true in the sense that the
person saying it often believes it it's
a it's a true opinion but that doesn't
mean it's news exactly that's just an
opinion all
right and that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the exciting
conclusion of my prepared
remarks um you may have noticed I did a
little tease on the
xplatform of the Dilbert Sunday comic uh
Dilbert's company is going to start
making
aircraft it might remind you of a
specific company that that's having some
issues right now with the quality of
their
construction um but you can only see
that if you subscribe on X see my
profile or if you are on the locals
platform also subscription but on locals
you'd see robot reads news my other
comic and uh man caves and all kinds of
fun other content a lot of political
stuff if you only want the comic get it
at X all right um
thank
you all right I'm going to end uh now
for the three other platforms and just
talk the locals thanks for joining
everybody else see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e