[Music]
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
hey everybody good to see you it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams hello
Andrew Chris come on in there are still
seats available if you hurry somebody
says have you thoughts I know you've
been thinking about it well I don't know
what the topic is I probably do have
some thoughts and I probably been
thinking about it but you know right now
it's time for that special special
moment in your day the day that tells
you today is gonna be a good day if this
is going so well I like to think the
rest of the day is gonna go well - it
starts with a little thing I call the
simultaneous up it starts when you grab
a cup or a glass or a mug it might be a
Steiner a tankard or a chalice it could
be a thermos might be a flask fill it
with your favorite liquid and join me
now for the simultaneous sip I like
coffee savor it enjoy it it's good stuff
well we got a lot of crazy stuff going
on today I barely know where to start
let's start with a parody account for
AOC that was apparently suspended by
Twitter it was called the AOC press
account and it was clearly labeled
parity with the actual word parody but
it got banned I usually wait a little
while because I like to see what it was
that got AB and exactly I don't know if
the problem was only that it wasn't
labeled clearly clearly enough in
somebody's opinion I will tell you that
even though it did say parody clearly
and specifically I have to think a lot
of people were fooled into thinking it
was real because it was such a good
parody that you could you
was hard to distinguish from the
original which is why it was so good I
had even called it out on my Twitter as
being one of the best parody accounts
I've seen one of the best because
sometimes you really couldn't tell you
just couldn't tell they were the account
would always say insanely stupid things
but there were there were the kind of
insanely stupid things that you could
really imagine she might have said so it
might be the first parody account that's
ever been removed for being too true to
the original even labeled parody now I
would say if we don't learn more about
what happened this would certainly be an
obvious overreach in terms of you know
blocking certain types of voices but I
have to think that the main reason they
got blocked was maybe not written in the
Terms of Service but rather it was just
so good that I have to admit I've read
I've read that account a number of times
because I followed both the parody and
also a or C and I couldn't always tell
and I would have to actually you know
look at the profile and say okay is this
the parody one or is this the real one I
can't tell and I would actually have to
check every time to make sure it was
really a parody but so we'll be watching
that I don't know if there's more
information to come I don't know if that
decision will stand but certainly on the
surface it doesn't seem to be consistent
with Twitter's own rules based on what
we know I always like to say it's fog of
war wait two days and see if any of the
data changes all right you may have
noticed that the the anti-trump press is
getting a little agitated at the fact
that the the fine people hoax has been
so completely dismantled now if you've
seen who was it was a daily beast or
BuzzFeed I get those two confused but
neither of them are serious publications
but one of them came up with the you
know push the hoax again the Washington
Post had a big article today pushing it
Jake Tapper retweeted that with a with a
pull quote and so we're seeing massive
pushback now just just just listen to
these facts and see how you process them
so the the Washington Post does a very
long article saying that the president
and his people are trying to rewrite
history about the Charlottesville fine
people hoax
in other words Trump is saying I said
the right thing and it was reported
wrong and it was hoax
now they go through the the whole thing
blah blah but interestingly they do not
they do not back the original hoax
so the original hoax was that the
president called the neo-nazis fine
people it's a whole article debunking
the debunking the debunking but they
don't really talk about the main point
instead they they throw a lot of
confusion at you until you start to
think well that maybe the problem was
that it was organ and this is obviously
it is a problem but it was organized by
neo-nazis racists and so that's the
problem I remember that was never the
fine people hoax claim the claim right
they they've changed it so it's so it's
a different claim that they can try to
try to support now that claim is a
little bit off point because it's a true
fact
and as Jake Tapper mentioned in his
retweeting of the Washington Post
article he pulled out the fact that it's
true there was organized by neo-nazis it
is however not relevant to the prior to
a primary point it's very relevant to
understanding the whole situation so as
context it's a hundred percent relevant
but in terms of the fine people hoax
not relevant because we do know that non
racists who were not with the neo-nazis
and not with the organizers and in fact
didn't know it was just supposed to be
neo-nazis so the New York Times reported
it I've actually talked that length was
somebody was there was not a racist and
was surprised to find out you know what
what the nature of the event was and it
all ended very quickly as soon as people
got there the trouble had already
started so the president having
specifically mentioned his assumption
that there were people there just about
the statue it doesn't matter
to the main point who organized it he
said my assumption is there are people
there I mean in pretty clear language he
said people there on both sides of the
statue and then he called out in very
specific language I'm not talking about
the organizers I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis I'm not talking about the
white the white Nationals so he said
that specifically I'm not talking about
them so he very clearly were saying that
his assumption was there were some
people there who were not part of the
the organized group and that was in fact
confirmed by New York Times reporting
and my own reporting because I've
actually talked to somebody who attended
so yeah so it doesn't matter but they're
trying to make it sound true while
simultaneously debunking the original
claim and they're trying to act as
though it was true all along or true ish
or true if you if you look at it at a
concept level or true in some indirect
suggestive way that there might be a
racist whistle it's also confusing and
what about the day before and he was he
was not so clear so it reads like a
bunch of word salad trying to make a
point and missing
Joel summed it up perfectly in
the tweet in which he pointed out that
the that they've already abandoned the
central claim the central claim that he
call
the called the the neo-nazis find people
and they're trying to make it seem as
though his lack of specificity in his
first statement where he just he said he
was against all all bigotry and and made
it a general statement that the fact
that he didn't single out the neo-nazis
by name in his first comments means that
that's sort of a racist dog whistle
that's what tried to suggest now why
would the president have to call well
that specific group this is Joel
Pollock's observation and I love it why
would the president need to call out the
neo-nazis specifically when he has made
a statement that clearly includes them
all bigotry is bad well he would have to
call that out because the press created
another hoax
the original hoax is that the president
has been whistling at this group that's
not true
that's the first hoax so the second hoax
that he's whistling that he'd that he's
whistling to them again by not
mentioning them by name is based on the
first hoax it's not based on facts it's
based on their first hoax that
everything he says is a secret whistle
once you believe that hoax then it
starts to make sense
hey why didn't he mention them by name
well if they had never started the first
hoaxes nobody would be confused by the
fact that he said bigotry which should
have included every group you know it
gets everybody was it was a great point
I thought so but here's here's the most
interesting thing about the Washington
Post article it's obviously being
written because there's being pushed
back from the president and his
supporters on on that hoax now how does
the Washington Post write a very long
article on this topic without mentioning
me
how did they write that topic without
mentioning Steve Cortez who's been
hammering it in the press hammering it
uncie annette tweeting about it how did
they do that without mentioning jewel
 who has been writing articles
about it and tweeting it especially
recently how did they write that article
without linking to my blog post that
explains the entire sequence and how the
hoax is created and how they go down the
hoax funnel they actually can't show the
context of their own article the context
of their article is not just what the
president said and Kellyanne Kellyanne
Conway said about it that's not the
whole the context the context is that
his supporters and that there's a
there's a big pushback that's a big big
big part of the story they just left it
out yeah they can't put that in there
because it would completely demolish
their entire argument so my blog post on
the fight the fine people hoax explains
exactly what the Washington Post did in
the article before they did it that's
the clever part so the clever part of my
persuasion in writing it as a hoax
funnel is that the the hoaxers always
start at the main claim he called the
fighting it was neo-nazis find people ok
the transcript says he didn't very
clearly he said the opposite of that but
we'll just move down to well he should
have known or you know is he
secret whistling or why didn't he say it
differently how do you explain why
didn't those people leave you know so it
just it just goes down to smaller and
smaller claims until it's just vapor and
if they were to point to my blog post it
would predict their article before they
wrote it my blog post tells you what
their article is going to do before they
wrote it it's kind of devastating so of
course they can't mention that
but when you see the pushback this heart
they're they're desperately trying to
cling to that hoax because if they and
by the way they never call it the fine
people hoax given all the number of us
who've called with that it's got a hash
tag the fine people hopes they never
refer to it as the other people call it
the fine people hoax they say things
like well they're trying to rewrite
history when you put it in those terms
and you say somebody's trying to rewrite
history you're trying you're trying to
get to the conclusion without the
without the argument so if you say to me
Scott you seem to be a cartoonist if I
if I deal with the facts that's one
thing but if I say oh trying to rewrite
history I've gone right past the facts
too to an unsupported conclusion so when
the Washington Post says that the
president's trying to rewrite history
they don't they don't back that claim
because rewriting history would be
dealing with the specific hoax who was
he talking about when he referred to the
fine people and he was very clear show
the whole quote said I'm not talking
about the do disease and the white
supremacists enough about that I heard
the news that the president was thinking
about having some kind of a three-way
nuclear deal he floated this idea with
Russia and China in the u.s. to get
their nukes down China has put the
kibosh on that idea because apparently
China we has a few hundred nukes where
the US and China has thousands each and
so China fairly reasonably says why
don't you work on your own nuclear
problem because you know get down to our
level and then we'll talk essentially so
I don't think China is wrong about that
because they're saying eh if the US and
Russia has so many more nukes get down
to our level and then maybe we
something to talk about they didn't say
it that way but that's that's the the
inference now I would say that the
president's instinct to have a three way
nuclear deal is a mistake so it's a
persuasion mistake here's why it it gets
too specific about the nukes personally
I think the lowest risk that we have is
that the US Russia or China would try to
Duke each other because of mutually
assured destruction it probably isn't
the biggest problem you know we can
imagine that big and if something went
wrong it would be the biggest problem of
course but probably that risk is pretty
well controlled because we're not
intentionally going to love a nuclear
weapon at each other it just won't
happen and it seems to me that the
president would have made more progress
saying let's make a three-way deal for
the benefit of North Korea
that's the three-way deal you want to
get going because if you make that one
work it's small everybody has the same
interests there shouldn't be that much
difference between what Russia China and
the u.s. want in terms of North Korea we
would like them denuclearized we'd like
them to be prosperous and not a problem
we'd like them not to be messing with
our countries so if we could get
something smaller
there was a defense related
military-related
agreement even the small one they had
Russia US and China as signatories we
could gain confidence that the three of
us can work toward solving these smaller
problems working against the terrorism
threats and keeping the world a stable
place when when you've got three
countries that are the winners let's say
you know they're not the only winners in
the world but they're there they're
dominant countries militarily in
Russia's case they're not dominant
economically they have a smaller smaller
economy than Italy
apparently but militarily and in terms
of their punching they you know they
punch above their weight so we're three
countries who should make a pact not to
fight with each other and make a pact to
solve our mutual problems because we you
know we would pretty be pretty effective
and for the three of us said all right
we're just going to work together and
solve these problems
anyway so I think smart the star smaller
and then the nuclear question becomes
less relevant you know what what are the
odds that China Russia and the US would
be working productively to solve North
Korea and then also nuke each other you
know it guess it gets you to the wrong
place somebody says that's a bit naive
now the the naivety that I imagine you
were speaking to is that each of these
countries would pursue their own best
interests and historically if they
thought that hurting the United States
in various ways would be part of their
self-interest
so I acknowledge that if our mental
frames of how how the three countries
were approaching it stays exactly the
same as it has been that any agreement
would just be BS because nobody would
intend to follow it they would decide to
things like yeah yeah yeah then they
would just keep doing all the bad things
they do now I'm not in favor of that
agreement I'm in favor of using a small
agreement with North Korea to build
trust and show that working together can
solve usual problems
so if you do it small you might be able
to start changing the framework where
people say it's just not helping us to
poke this other big country that can
poke us back what what good did it do
Putin to interfere with US elections did
that help Putin I don't think so right
all right enough on that somebody asked
me why do I this is a common question
I'm getting so once I've taken people
down the define people a hoax funnel and
they come all the way it out the end and
they realize they've been hoaxed they
come at me on Twitter
and they say this as somebody did this
morning why do you spend so much time on
that hoax the fine people Oaks but you
don't spend time debunking the
president's lies as they call them and
then he shows me an example of a lie and
the lie that he says I should be
debunking is that the president is
claiming he added 8-point he created 8.9
million jobs but there's a study that
says it's some small number like
trivially small number and he says why
don't you debunk the president's claim
that he made the economy gain all those
jobs why are you only doing the other
the other hoax to which I say there's a
real big difference between hyperbole
that is used to boost the GDP so every
time the president says he's done
something good or he's doing something
good or something he did makes a
difference it makes people feel
confident they buy more they invest more
and that's what makes the the GDP go up
the economy is a psychology engine the
president works directly on the
psychology of it and he is you can see
right in front of your eyes he has he's
a big part of why it's at the highest
point it's ever been now I unlike other
people do give Obama credit for creating
the strong base and for getting us off
of the the edge of the cliff he did
those things I don't take that away from
them but growth when you're coming out
of a hole it's got it is sort of easy to
get that's the easy growth so I give
Obama full credit for keeping us from
falling off the ledge getting so strong
base and getting the easy wins you know
it's easy to put somebody back to work
if they're already trained for exactly
that job this part of the the economic
the economic climb is the hard part if
you're hiring somebody today you're
probably hiring somebody who is not
trained for the job and might not even
be able to get a job on during normal
so you're trying to hire the hardest to
hire people and so if you have good good
performance when you're already good
that's hard that's the hard stuff and
the president has delivered that so so
the reason that I that I talked about
the the Charlottesville find people hoax
is that is destructive to the country is
driving us apart it's causing a racial
divide that's not real and it and it's
going to convince people it's real it's
terribly destructive the Russia
collusion hoax terribly destructive to
the country the president saying that
he's doing great things for the economy
a hundred percent positive unambiguously
completely on point exactly if you were
gonna create a president like just
invent one and you could do it invent a
president you would invent this
president to be in charge of the economy
I'm not talking about every part of his
job but if you were to invent a perfect
character for the times and for this
economy which is already doing well you
could not pick a better person than
President Trump with his hyperbole which
keeps our sense of the economy high
which keeps the economy high it is not
unrelated these are direct strong points
likewise when the president says you
know Isis is defeated but it turns out
that you know they're they're still
scrappy a little group is hyperbole but
do you want Isis to think they're doing
fine or do you want the potential people
who might join Isis to hear the
president say yeah we just wiped him out
there's not much left we're just mopping
up the rest which message gets you to a
better world for the United States well
that's a lie hyperbole that's entirely
positive when the president's
white supremacy doesn't think it's the
biggest problem in the world and people
say why are you saying that why would
the president make it a tiny problem in
terms of statistics not in terms of how
it affects us emotionally but if you
look at all the ways people die in this
country there are far more bicycle
accidents than there are waist
supremacist or even or any other kind of
terrorist acts right so it's it's a tiny
problem the president tried to describe
it as a tiny problem so the people who
might be drawn to it look at it and say
well that's not really a growing thing
maybe I don't want to be part of that so
the president downplays things that he
wants less of he he tends to exaggerate
things he wants a more of and he's
managing the public's impressions of
things directly so you can't compare
that to a negative hoax a negative hoax
to tear the country apart is literally
the opposite of what the president does
when he uses his hyperbole and he yeah
he let's say he drifts from the the
fact-checking I I know did today that
were what six hundred attorneys who
signed some kind of a letter saying that
they believe that the president would be
guilty of obstruction of justice if you
were not the president did you catch the
trick six hundred attorneys and signed a
letter saying that if President Trump
were not the president he certainly
would have been indicted for obstructing
justice there are two tricks there do
you see em both trick number one how
many how many attorneys disagree if you
don't know that you don't know anything
do you does it matter how many people
signed a petition if you don't know how
many people were opposed to it doesn't
matter it is a data point taken and the
context to make you think that most
attorneys would agree complete
deception now if there were a poll of
attorneys and 80% of them were on the
same side I'd say oh that's that's
telling me something that's real
information no matter how big that
number is six hundred a thousand it
doesn't matter unless you know how many
are on the other side if it's roughly
even then all you know is its political
statements is it roughly even I don't
know but there's a second trick did you
catch it so the first trick is it
doesn't matter how many are on one side
you have to know how how many are on the
other side or you don't know anything
there's literally no information except
that there are some people who were on
one political side for sure
you're here's the other part they say he
would be indicted if you were not
president do you know why he wasn't
indicted because he was president and if
you're doing the job of a president it's
not obstruction of justice to do your
job so a lot of what they were saying
were clearly indications of obstruction
of justice were also a president who
knew that there was nothing there and he
was you know he was managing to that
fact that there was no substance to the
claim now was that his job were we the
people would we the people have been
better off if he could have made this go
away absolutely absolutely
was firing no by the way I'm not saying
that that was his intention I'm just
saying that if it had gone away we'd be
better off and I'd be happy with my
president because we now we know now why
he knew all along which is that it was a
witch hunt so so if the president fires
Comey that's the president's job
likewise so anyway the the main point
here is that when the when the lawyers
say he would be indicted if he were not
president the answer is that's what
everybody says
both sides say that the fact that he's
the president means that it was his job
to manage these people which means it's
not clearly obstruction and if it's not
clearly obstruction you're not guilty of
anything in this country in this country
you need evidence of a crime that's
beyond a reasonable doubt or we say you
didn't commit a crime the president
because he was the president
these were within his job descriptions
and therefore it's not clear that there
would pass the Supreme Court etc anyway
that's the Dershowitz argument I hope I
didn't get it wrong which is that you
can't can't find obstruction of justice
with a president who is doing the job of
a president so that was a tricky thing
in the news I would call that a hoax
wouldn't you wouldn't you say that's
just a clear hoax because they leave out
the number of people who who who think
he would not be oh and by the way here's
the other thing they say if he were not
a president he would be indicted that's
that's three tricks right
I believe it's actually possible that he
would he could even get indicted even
even as president could he be convicted
do you think do you think this president
could ever be convicted by 12 jurors for
doing something that's clearly in his
job description
and the only evidence that it was a
crime is that we imagine what he was
thinking which isn't the thing that's
not evidence you can't imagine what
people are thinking and it was a witch
hunt and he knew it was a witch hunt he
didn't he didn't have to wonder the
president was the only person who knew
for sure it was a witch hunt everybody
else sort of maybe thought well I think
it isn't I think it is but we don't know
he actually knew so know when so there's
the three tricks they say 600 attorneys
but you don't know how many would have
had the opposite opinion they say if he
weren't present
but of course the fact that he was doing
the job of a president makes it not
obstruction of justice so that's a trick
word and then lastly they say he would
be indicted well maybe but he wouldn't
be convicted there wasn't the slightest
chance you could get 12 jurors to
convict him given the set of facts
there's not even the slight chance so
that would have been that would have
been a more honest way to say it he
couldn't have been convicted let's talk
about oh the president's approval has
reached 46 to 50 percent depending on
what poll you're at apparently it's even
higher than Obama's not that anybody
should be proud of that
I don't think Obama's approval was so
high most of the time but if you reach
50% approval s President shouldn't we
call that a hundred percent approval
think about it if I said to you we did a
poll to find out who approves the
president and I asked I asked my
headphones and the headphones do not
approve whether the president should I
include the headphones in my poll and
say okay I asked the headphones and they
did not approve of the president know
you'd say that's stupid you say why are
you doing a poll of headphones and by
the way headphones can't speak and they
don't have opinions that'd be dumb makes
no sense likewise when you do a poll and
you ask a hardcore Democrat what do you
what do you think of this Republican
president does it matter which President
it is I mean really does it matter it
does not right so why do you include in
a poll an opinion poll people who are
not operating on the basis of opinion
they're simply on a team the only people
who matter are the persuadable z' which
is probably this thin sliver of people
who could at least demonstrate that they
voted for presidents on different sides
of the aisle so
in the last 20 years wouldn't that be
interesting would you like to see a poll
of people who have voted who have voted
Democrat at least once and Republican at
least once for president in the past 20
years and just ask that group what do
you think of this president do you think
it would be 50 percent because you would
be taking out of it all of the people
who first of all definitely would say
yes just because he's Republican they
would be eliminated but you would also
be taking out the people who would
disagree with him just because he's a
Republican these are not real opinion
polls because an opinion poll would be
talking to people who form opinions
these are polls of people who do not
form opinions they adopt opinions
there's a big difference there simply
they accept opinions that are presented
to them that's not really having an
opinion
all right enough about that let's talk
about immigration immigrations better
understand still for some reason we've
got this great crisis at the border that
the news just decided doesn't they don't
want to talk about it because obviously
the more the news talks about the
humanitarian crisis at the border the
better it is for Trump because it's just
proving that everything he's been saying
about that danger is true but we're
still stuck and so I'm going to go to
the white board and suggest some
reframing ideas to get us off of 0 on
the immigration question number one
reframe there's going to be two reframes
here's the first one as we've learned
recently we do not have a problem with
the border between Mexico and the United
States because Mexico and the United
States do not share a border if that's
the first time you've heard that you
might have some trouble believing what
I'm going to tell you right now but you
can do your own do your own research
Brandon Darby would be a good place to
start you could google him Brandon Darby
dar bee why
and he writes about this travels here
all the time and he will tell you that
the the border zone and this is not
drawn to scale but the the border zone
that would have been between Mexico and
the United States is no longer
controlled by Mexico this is actually
controlled entirely by the cartels at
least the parts of the matter right
there are some rocky places that nobody
cares about but the parts that matter
are controlled by the cartels because
they make money by controlling the
people who try to get across the border
so they charge them they charge them
basically an access fee and you know a
safety feed to get across the border
they also do a lot of raping and God
knows what else so we've been talking
consistently about a border between
Mexico and the United States when no
such thing exists and I'm not using
hyperbole have you ever seen the Mexican
army operating on the border have you
ever wondered will the Mexican army you
could just sort of put some people there
they could stop this tomorrow couldn't
they well why wouldn't they why wouldn't
they want to stop it dad I'm sure they
have good reasons for not wanting stuff
the reason you don't see the Mexican
army in this territory is because it's
not their country they don't own this
territory and it wouldn't be safer for
them to go there the Mexican army can't
enter another country without starting a
war and that's exactly what would happen
so every time that we say we're talking
about the border between Mexico and the
United States that's simply not true in
in any real-world way it's true in a
technical way it's true if you look at
the map it's true if you see whose
embassy claims the territory it's true
in a technical way but we're not we
don't live in a technical world we live
in the real world and in the real world
we don't have a border between Mexico
and the United States it just doesn't
exist now if you're trying to sell
people on a border borders
what's easier we'd like to build a big
scary wall between Mexico one of our
closest allies who are filled with
people we like who just want a better
life for themselves that's what we've
been trying to sell we've been trying to
keep out people we like who are you know
the country of Mexico is very much an
ally at the United States most of us
personally know people who came from
Mexico and we love them I love the
people I know who came from Mexico
Mexico has a lot of loss of people so if
you're telling me to spend twenty five
billion dollars keeping these awesome
people from getting good jobs and
helping our farmers well that's not much
of an argument like that just sounds
kinda racist honestly sounds a little
racist doesn't it it's like well they're
awesome they just want a better life
they're allies but they're brown so it
must be the brown part that wants you to
wants you to keep them out now I'm not
saying any that's true I'm saying the
way we process it is it's hard to get
people to understand why you need a wall
to keep your friends away cuz Mexico is
our friends in general well you do need
a wall to keep the head chopping cartels
away in fact I was going to draw this
bigger so I could draw a little severed
heads a little little severed heads lay
ground and there are a lot of severed
heads and dead bodies in this territory
in Mexico in general alright so that's
the first reframing we should just stop
the saying we're building a border
between Mexico and the United States
because that doesn't exist it's not real
in any important way
here's another reframing I talked about
this but it helps to make it visual
excuse me while I awkward lis turn my
amazing whiteboard around there we go
yes it's a whiteboard with two sizes now
this is a
I'm going to show you here is just sort
of that an example don't take this too
literally say so this is at immigration
plans this this is the way that the
united that the citizens of the country
need to see the argument presented so
that we can be part of the decision and
maybe move it off off the log jam
situation it's in we should figure out
what the major plans are and let's say
just for simplicity let's say there's a
do-nothing plan I put it as zero it's
not really zero we still spend money on
it all the time but there's something
like a business-as-usual plan where we
do nothing beyond the baseline I'd be
zero then there's a Democrat plan I'm
just throwing an example number and
maybe they say over ten years
throw five billion dollar hole set
cetera if we're talking about whether we
should have a wall or not some some
somebody's telling me that this is
cutting out isn't it interesting when it
cuts out let me see if we can get the
audio to work yeah I know
I'm just waiting just waiting to see if
it comes back all right I'm looking for
your comments to see if we have okay
you're back let me just summarize in
case you missed some of it so the idea
is that we the citizens would like to
see this border debate broken down in a
way we could understand so that the
citizens can participate in persuading
the government and whatever the way they
want there's sort of a there's always a
do-nothing plan which is the the
baseline spending I set it as zero but
of course is now zero the democratic
plan where they wouldn't spend as much
and they might put
or an electronic surveillance and they
might put more of it toward the
humanitarian parts and let's imagine
there's a GOP plan which takes care of
everything from Iver fi to you name it
and it costs a lot more whatever that
number is I'm just putting in numbers
for an example then you would say what
are the things that are the most
important and again these are just
examples I'm not suggesting this is the
order of importance or that it is
complete I'm just saying this is how you
would this is how you would express it
you say it for each of these plans what
would you expect over 10 years in terms
of drug overdoses so the zero plan would
be the same amount of drug overdoses we
have these guys would be kind of similar
and then maybe you decrease a little bit
if if you thought it would really make a
difference I don't know if it would
number of sex assaults how many how many
rapes are you getting in the baseline
how many rapes would you get into the
Democrat plan how many under the GOP
again murders GDP unemployment rate and
maybe you could maybe you could come up
with a few other things now somebody
saying papers please and Eve Arif I if
you're talking about that you need a
wall or e-verify if you're talking about
the details I would say that's how you
get the log jam because as soon as you
talk about the details people disagree
in the details they don't know the
details don't understand that you just
can't get there from here what you need
is just three plans let's say the Geo
plan GOP plan has a merit-based system
they've got all kinds of things built in
alright we don't need to do know the
details we just need to know what's a
good cost and then what do you think
you're gonna buy with this and then have
some kind of independent groups look at
it of course they will disagree on the
estimates but we should have estimates
the the exact accuracy of the estimates
is less important than that there might
be a difference
that's identifiable
so for example let's say let's say just
take sex assaults the do-nothing plan
gets you a hundred thousand just making
up a number but probably a hundred
thousand rapes in ten years I don't
think that's even high right don't you
think if you do nothing your plan is to
have a hundred thousand rapes that's
what you're planning for the Democrat
plan depending on what it is maybe that
would be a smaller number maybe not much
smaller and the GOP plan is not going to
eliminate it but if you stop the
caravans you stop most of the flow you
can make an argument that you could cut
it by 25% cut it by 50%
all right and you could be way off maybe
you thought you would cut rapes by 50%
but you only cut it by 25% this still
might be the best plan so you don't have
to be exact in these estimates but you
do need to see what are the priorities
and what's the best guess based on ask
you experts for how that would play out
if you don't break it down into this
simple forum and you start arguing about
the details oh we need to verify we need
you know our farmers need workers what
about this what about guest workers
those are all good things to talk about
but we as the public we just want to
know two things what's it gonna cost and
what are we going to get for it if you
give us more than that then we're too
many cooks are getting into the into the
soup so let the GOP say we want to put
these these steps in there these
elements these changes let the experts
figure it out let the experts figure it
out we're not experts we don't know
where a wall belongs we don't know when
a fence works and what situation we
don't know if a wall might help sex
assaults but it doesn't help at all on
drugs we don't know but there are people
who could make those estimates let's see
them otherwise we're just spinning no
it's pretty clear at this point that our
we can solve this problem and if the
government can't solve it what do you do
what do you what do you do if you're in
a company and you're a worker and you
and your co-workers can't agree on
something you just can't agree then you
don't know how to go forward what do you
do you kick it up to the ball oh sorry
you kick it up to the boss if you can't
figure it out you ask the boss to to be
the decision-maker in this case the
public is the boss where are the ones
who are going to fire these politicians
in the voting booth if they don't do the
job for us so if they can't get it done
and they've proven that they can't it's
obvious it's obvious that the Congress
is not the right body to do this they
don't have they don't have their
resources the will the personalities
they just don't have what it would take
to solve this largely because of
politics so they got to kick it upstairs
you got it you got to turn it over to
the boss and the boss is you or at least
most of you who are American voters yet
you are the ones who are gonna have to
solve this but you can't help until
somebody's given you the PowerPoint
presentation as as you would to your
boss here's the simple thing we're gonna
we got three plans now here's the beauty
the GOP does not need to wait for the
Dems to come up with a plan they don't
have to wait they could just say here's
our plan and here's what we're gonna buy
with this money half as many rapes etc
they can just plug in the Democrat plan
as best they know it because there's
sort of the bones of a general consensus
of you know don't build a wall put this
much money in for electronic stuff and
better better checkpoint security etc we
we kind of know what that would look
like
so just plop it in there let the let the
Democrats revise it if you put in the
Democrat plan and the Democrats
collectively let's say Nancy Pelosi if
Nancy Pelosi says no that's not a good
look at a Democrat plan just say we'll
put in whatever plan you want just tell
us what the plan looks like which which
parts do you want to change and then
just put it in there so if you wait for
the Democrats to make up land you will
wait forever you have to plug in their
plan as best you can understand it to
give the voters some kind of an option
and let them let them revise it if they
need to which I'm sure they would
so here's how I that's how I would get
us off of off on zero on this you got to
kick it up to the people and the only
way the people are going to understand
it Justin first of all explain that it's
not a border between US and Mexico
Mexico we freaking love Mexico Mexicans
I love Mexicans DJ how many Mexicans I
know like you know I live in California
do you have any idea how many Mexicans
and people of Mexican heritage that I
know personally a lot they're great I
not met a lot of people who have
immigrated here the stories about the
criminals and blah blah blah and there
is crime and there's a lot more of it
closer to the border where I'm in
Northern California you really just get
the people who wanted a better life they
want to work for it and they're not
complaining really awesome people I mean
really really good people
Mexican here and you're all good people
there are criminals so we can't ignore
the fact that there are criminals but in
general as a general statement awesome
people somebody says yes we are so I see
some people agree with that statement
yeah I mean I have such good experiences
with that community that I have whatever
is the opposite of bigotry like I start
to think well
like extra good and then I think okay I
shouldn't be thinking that way but but
my impression of the people who have
come from Mexico is that they're kind of
extra good but I don't think I'm allowed
to say that yeah we talked about the aoc
parody account and I think I've said
what I need to say and I'm going to cut
it off here I'll go back to fighting the
fine people hoax and I'll post this and
see if it makes any difference I will
talk to you later