now let's see if this works any better
pom pom pom pom
uh a little technical issues here Obama
to go so this will be attempt number two
this will be the one that matters good
morning everybody
thanks for waiting around appreciate you
working through that technical
difficulty I knew there was a problem
when I saw the user account locked and
it stopped stopped going so where was I
I believe I was here bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum yeah the theme song you don't
want to miss the theme song you know you
don't so get yourself ready it's time
for the simultaneous it yeah you've got
a moment just a moment grab your
beverage you got a warning here goes
here's all you need all you need is this
a couple of mugger glasses time to tell
us the tanker to thermos Alaska Cantina
grail of vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the best part of the day the
dopamine hit that makes everything else
worthwhile this simultaneous hip sip go
now as I said I'm going to invite dr.
Shiva to join us and he's already
available I'm gonna put him right on
dr. Shiva coming at you dr. Chiba can
you hear me hear me I can hear you
good morning I'm amazing and thank you
so much for joining us so I'm gonna give
for those few people watching this who
don't already know you most of my
audience already knows you but let me
give you just a quick bio so dr. Shiva
has four degrees from MIT including a
bachelor's in electrical engineering and
computer science a dual master's degree
in mechanical engineering and visual
studies from MIT Media Lab rhetoric and
then he also returned to MIT to complete
to complete his doctoral work in systems
biology within the department of
biological engineering and that's where
he developed Kratos self a scalable
computational platform for modeling cell
by Dan by dynamic integration of
molecular pathways models which is
awkward because I do that my spare time
I didn't realize dr. Shiva I didn't know
you needed a whole company just to do
develop scalable computational platforms
for modeling the cell of dynamic
integration by molecular pathways but
but apparently you do
barely you're doing it the hard way yeah
just kidding so you're the CEO now yes
greater self and I'm sorry
it's cytosol Oh Saito Saito is like cyto
means cell and solve means solving it
see what I do solve yep cytosol yep okay
see yto solve and that company looks for
multi combinational drug opportunities
or it could be the yeah it stop lying on
that company yeah it's just very quickly
just leading with my background Scott
you know you've talked about my
technology stack this is sort of the
sweet spot it's the integration of
computing and biology in 2003 Scott what
happened was when the genome project
ended we turned out it turns out human
beings only have 20,000 genes we don't
have a half a million the same as a worm
so it's a big inflection point in
biology it flipped biology on its head
so we recognized that we need to move
out of the nucleus
and actually start understanding all the
very powerful chemical reactions that
take place in the cell so in 2003 the
National Science Foundation put forward
this grand challenge was could someone
model the whole cell so think about the
cell is a bag of chemical reactions we
know pieces of those chemical reactions
that are being you know published in the
literature could you extract those and
imagine building it's like reverse
engineering the whole body so that's the
challenge I took on I came back to MIT
2003 during 2003 to 7 Scott the approach
I took was not a biology approach and
not an AI computer science approach
which is just fitting lines to curve I
said this is an engineering systems
problem biologists are essentially
little knowledge engineers working in
their little silos they're finding
little pieces of the puzzle and and and
and these puzzle pieces are diagrams you
know like Little John Madden diagrams a
plus B gives see like the Monday Night
Football diagrams right they're called
pathways and some of those pathways in
2003 were becoming predictive models so
if you could interconnect those models
we could technically use the computer
long before we kill the animals long
before we did stuff in humans to model
biological mechanisms this is how we
build airplanes right we don't people
just don't fly airplanes and kill
themselves
we don't put monkeys in them we do it on
the computer so that's what I did Scott
it was one of my big personal goals
because you know I was very interested
in understanding how to do drug
combinations I grew up in India watching
my grandmother as a village healer do
these combinations so this to me was a
40-year quest cytosol emerged out of
that and then between 2012 just to you
know this is not by the way an anti
vaccine discussion I want to have I work
with Big Pharma I work with the biggest
consumer goods companies who look to me
I get invited to the NIH the FDA to
speak you know as a keynote speaker so
you're talking to a real scientist who
does this but cytosol emerged just like
we do build airplanes on the computer
cytosol was this enabling technology to
do this on the computer so
during 2007 and 12 my advisor and I at
MIT
Forbes do we've spent a lot of time
proving this we published in like nature
and sell you know the Nature
Neuroscience so so cytosol is really an
engine for understanding molecular
mechanisms before we go to kill animals
this really the Rebs risk talked about
okay good for the the lay people for us
could we imagine what you're doing sort
of like seeing the cell as a machine and
trying to figure out what the parts are
so that you can predict how the machine
will act on an exact state yeah so
basically typically in engineering we do
forward engineering I want to go build
an airplane I build the parts put it
together
biology is quite interesting we don't
know the parts nature if you believe in
evolution did that over many many
billions of years the individual
biologists are finding parts what's
called reductionism they're finding
pieces I coming as a systems biologist
I'm trying to connect the parts to get
an understanding of how nature put this
together and if we can understand how
the ankle bones connected to the foot
bone we now get a mechanistic
understanding which means it's a very
powerful platform for drug development
risk so we can develop stuff faster and
cheaper so we're not throwing stuff in
that's what it's all about so when you
talk about technologies that can I've
spoken before about like the Postal
Service and climate change but this is
like what I do for a living you know for
the last 30 40 years so you're such the
perfect example of what I call a talent
stack where you've combined exactly the
right types of skills so that you you
just have a vision that somebody who
doesn't have the same combination of
experiences and background in education
just wouldn't see so you're combining
like you said you combine anything sort
of an engineer's mindset with the
medical mindset to get something that's
better than both so so now take us to
vaccinations you said you're not an
anti-vaxxer let me say from the audience
I'm not anti-vaxxer because I haven't
looked into it right I don't know if I
looked into it I would have a different
opinion but tell us let's start with
what do you think the public
understand about the issue of requiring
vaccinations and where we are there
let's start with what we get wrong yeah
so I think what we get wrong and this
unfortunate split that unfortunately
seems to occur quote-unquote left quote
unquote right anti PACs VAX has really
occurred because for whatever reason we
don't go at the deep deep issue and the
real issue is about the scientific
method
okay the scientific method is about you
have a hypothesis you do testing you get
results from that test you have an
understanding of what you've figured out
and you go back and test it is a
recognition we have deep respect that we
don't know a lot of stuff right now when
you say test you when you say test
you're specifically saying double by
double blind yeah well in biology and by
the way it's called double-blind
placebo-controlled studies and I'll
explain what that is you know when we in
the you've made a very important point
Scott about medicine and engineering
just as an aside in 2003 MIT created a
department called biological engineering
not biomedical because they felt as new
discoveries were coming in biology we
needed to take an engineer's mindset to
understand biology not a device asynch
biologic was a completely new Department
set up from scratch so the vision of
modern science whether you talk to
Francis Collins at the NIH is that we
need to use engineering principles to
understand biology part of those
engineering principles is I build
something I put it out there I mean you
build software if it doesn't work you
listen to your customers you got to go
figure it out
if they even one customer upset you go
figure it out but as this mindset of I
put something out there I got to figure
it out now when it comes to vaccines or
drug development the historical process
is you do some testing in a test tube
and you hope because you do that
hopefully you're not killing too many
things then you go into an animal and
you test your stuff there and you test
for toxicity and efficacy in the area of
medical drug dolmen there's two acts a
Scott doesn't work
and is it safe the Food and Drug
Administration is truly concerned about
safety okay not really
efficacy they you know you can put
something out there may not have a great
effect but they want to make sure you're
not killing people and by the way but so
what would you say there they're
certainly concerned with efficacy
because as to have some yeah at least a
little bit yes yes yes you know there's
a whole discussion here how some stuff
gets throughout but the issue is
efficacies funded I mean the toxicity is
a fundamental thing FDA is focused on
right when it comes to vaccines let's
look at the history of it you know it's
fascinating because whenever you say
modern medicine what's the first thing
that comes to people's mind polio polio
vaccine oh my god you know it's almost
you can put the word modern medicine
Jonas Salk and polio as the three
pillars of the of the wonderful thing
that that came out of modern medicine
what's fascinating is when Jonas Salk
was creating the polio vaccine he wrote
an imploring letter saying that he was
again scible blind studies okay fast
okay why yeah I just found this in this
in this effort to really you know I went
back and actually read the original the
actual the actual results of the polio
you know thing and and Jonas Salk makes
this imploring letter saying all we need
to do is show efficacy so when you give
a vaccine to someone the body will
create antibodies right because you're
giving an exogenous or a foreign body in
the body creates antibodies and his view
is as long as it creates antibodies
everyone should be happy because polio
is killing children you know we need to
just make sure the antibodies are
created he was against double-blind
control studies and you can read his
letter that he wrote at that time to the
env is the National vaccine Institute
No so well what was he B was he against
them because he didn't want to wait
around he wanted to get rid of polio
yeah yeah it'sit's that exactly so let's
give him I'm not gonna put any
conspiracy theories here it's basically
he was more focused on let's get this
out let's save people's lives this is
kids lives we got to get it out there
okay come and when you so but I want to
give that the original entire one of the
great wins of modern medicine was polio
and the man behind this Jonas Salk who's
revered was was not for double-blind
placebo-controlled studies after the
polio vaccine was given 1954 1955 ever
anyone can look this up called a cutter
incident where cutter Wyeth gave a one
set of the polio virus you know where
you actually deactivate the polio virus
Scott it wasn't fully deactivated and
was given to 400,000 people and about
250 300 of those people actually got the
paralysis okay Wow this was after the
fact so why do I bring that up my point
is Salk polio this huge victory for
medicine efficacy was always the goal
safety was in the background right and
again not against vaccines I just want
to say where the emphasis was in that
line you go now to drug development
separate from vaccines you know you're
building out on a lipitor all these
different drugs the modern process of
drug development if you go to clinical
trials.gov there's a huge focus on
double-blind control studies you know
you have to make it safe that's why you
go to phase 1 phase 2 phase 3 there's
this huge emphasis in the drug
development on safety and in that field
the biggest development there Scott has
been the recognition oh my God we're
creating drugs that take five billion
dollars roughly one to five billion
dollars 13 years and what comes out of
that process has lots and lots of side
effects most of those drugs were
developed for a single not for you Scott
Adams or me Shiva right they were
developed for a statistical blob of
people let's say with some cancer or
some cardiovascular issue so most of
those drugs coming out have side effects
so that's when you watch your commercial
they'll say by the way this could do
this and this could do this
that's why I turned off those
commercials are too sad
they're very sad let me let me let me
jump in just for a fact check here when
I was in my 20s I signed up for a drug
trial so details don't matter but I I
turned out to be in the placebo group
yeah now was there any reason why they
tested that particular meds years ago
with a is't I believe it was a
double-blind I only knew I was in the
placebo group after they said it's
obvious you're in the placebo group
because it's working for everybody else
they actually they actually ended the
test because single-blind would be where
you didn't know and the doctors did
double-blind is you don't know and the
doctors don't know who got what and it's
just data that they get anonymized data
then they have to do correlations to
figure it out okay
so if you knew after it definitely was a
single blind and potentially a double
blind okay okay all right go ahead
the in in 2003 in particular the reason
MIT set up the department of biological
engineering is and other institutions
got into this field called systems
biology this is the 23rd century
medicine is they recognized that drugs
one size does not fit all that we need
to take a personalized precision
medicine approach in fact France is
calling the head of the NIH in fact when
Obama was there he called it future of
medicine precision medicine so what that
means is that we need to find the right
medicine for the right person at the
right time this is the future and
therefore that's why people said let's
start using the computer let's reduce
risk so reduction of risk creating drugs
that work for Scott Adams let's say you
have the same disease I do you may get a
different drug than I should right right
medicine for the right person the right
time right I'm here in Cambridge are
companies in Cambridge the center of
biotech all of these guys are buzzing
around about right medicine for the
right person at the right time so I'm
giving you this background that's where
we are at today so when and safety is
one of the predominant things here so
when we look at vaccines it's almost
like vaccine
like stapler man in office space no way
let me let me let me pause here because
you said two things I'm trying to
understand together one is that people
are trying to develop specific
combinations of drugs for a specific
person and the other is you you would
want double-blind tests for drugs
because they have sizes for safety but
wouldn't wouldn't you have the the worst
safety potentially trying to make an
individual drug for a person because by
definition that combination has never
been tested on that exactly
yeah so you bring up a great point Scott
so basically there's these two so on the
one hand I think we can all understand
one of the goals in any engineering
exercise is reduced risk so you
understand what the risk was the foreign
intervention you know you have bridges
say hey hurricanes are affecting 1 out
of 100 bridges falling down right ribs
you put some technology to that the risk
that more bridges are falling apart you
say wait a min something's wrong here
maybe this stuff we put in hurt
something but it is all about risk you
brought up the most one of them two
pillars I want to talk about is risk
every day we as human beings are making
decisions on risk so there's a you have
some calculation of risk before an
intervention and some calculation after
and then we as society collectively and
actually say well do I want to move
forward in that our cars but there's a
personalized risk the 18 year old who
has 20 duis is paying a much higher
amount for his car than you or I are
when it comes to drug development we are
dealing with a highly complex system the
human body there's so many gears in
there that we don't fully understand so
the current process is I give something
in a test tube okay I don't see any
issues if then I go to ml test day and
then you have to get allowance by the
FDA to go to what's called clinical
testing small groups of human days want
larger groups face to him big groups
phase three so this is how we do it in
medicine today no although and when we
get to that biggest group are you saying
that typically with the vaccine
there's still not double double-blind
the reality of this we have and in
particular you know we're talking about
just to be specific so we can focus it
is a discussion childhood vaccines right
we're talking about kids all right kids
childhood vaccines there's seventy doses
of childhood seventy doses a kid
typically gets and the vaccines are
today not really managed by the Health
and Human Services in 1986 an Act was
passed when Reagan was there that it
basically removed liabilities very
interesting away from the pharma
companies and basically said that if you
had vaccine injury you go to Health and
Human Services and they cap the amount
of liability or you could get payout I
think it's two hundred fifty thousand
dollars it's called a vaccine court all
right in the discussions with HHS Health
and Human Services they have said Oh
things were placebo-controlled and the
discourse has been with them that would
you actually look at the vaccines so
I'll give you an example there are a set
of vaccines that are given to kids from
one to six months of life DTaP api be
happy
pneumococcal polio and combination
vaccines okay so if you add those up one
two it's about eight vaccines okay none
of them have been placebo controlled not
one of them that means you split the
group into two some people got saline
with nothing in it injected and other
people actually got the vaccine this is
just facts I can put this up if you want
to send it to you but now is we would
you say that none of those vaccines have
ever been double-blind placebo tell nope
no double-blind control let me repeat
that so babies receive three injections
of the following vaccines DTaP HIV
hepatitis B pneumococcal polio and a
combination vaccine where they get a
bunch of them together okay okay
none of the hosts have big was even old
okay none of them fact
now after between six months to the
second set is between six months
eighteen years of life they get to one
or two injections of the next set of
vaccines hepatitis A MMR Bymark
chickenpox combo vaccine and flu none of
them had been placebo control tested
none of them okay can you give me just
an idea what the what the people who say
that's a good system how would they
defend not having double-blind placebo
tests I was okay 18 months eight
Americans from zero to 18 years of life
hepatitis B have the hepatitis vaccine
he's given to them the day that they're
born Scott okay
untested now when you go to 18 months
and 18 years of life they get one two
three injections of deep tap HPV
meningitis combination and flu I'll give
this to them there's only one vaccine
which was double-blind controlled you
know what that one was
Gardasil HPV okay okay
so I listed 30 vaccines that kids are
given from 0 to 18 only one of them was
double-blind tested it gets even so when
but the interesting thing is if you
actually go read the package insert and
I actually went looked at the clinical
study
Gardasil when they did the doublet so
double-blind studies you give one people
the vaccine the other people get a
saline placebo when they did Gardasil
what they did was they give 10,000
people the actual vaccine
all right if people want to write these
numbers down 9,000 people got to say a
brilliant placebo Scott guess what they
got they got the adjuvant all of these
vaccines have a a Juventud called
something that carries a vaccine
protocol makes it more effective in the
case of gardisil it's aluminum hydro
phosphate sulfate a ahs okay so some
people women got the vaccine 9090 two
women got the na it's called the control
not a placebo control they got a control
which included the adjuvant and then the
third group
three hundred and twenty women got the
saline please bow when we say placebo
we're talking about nothing in it
no God no just pure saline right when
they reported the results in the insert
it's quite incredible and I is that they
combine this oh by the way they found
out two point three percent of the
people had autoimmune disorders people
got the vaccine and the control okay but
no one in the pure sampling placebo any
autoimmune disorders however when they
combined the date when they reported it
they said Gardasil was two point three
percent and they said that full two
point three percent combined the Sailing
plus of control with the adjuvant group
it's quickly bad science but uh but
weren't they being weren't they being
conservative by by lumping those two
together
wasn't that the more conservative way to
go nothing no one should get it no God
any in that group it was zero out of one
got any autoimmune disorders the people
of the Saline right but when you combine
the troop but when you combine the true
placebo with the the less pure not
really see Bo that that shows you a they
shows you worse results then if no know
what it does is it shows that there was
no difference that's why I got allowed
they said this group was two and three
percent this group was two point three
percent and that's and again the
toxicity issues is it the aluminum
hydroxide which caused at two point
three percent because clearly the Saline
had nothing right so but it was a
failing group was the Saline group big
enough to be okay twenty no one in there
got it the the control group which is
not placebo okay it's a control group
they gave something else got two point
three percent of the people got
autoimmune and saying with Garda so so
it's a set up see on force like you came
up and consider
sir troop saline placebo control because
right one group you see what I'm saying
so just her but to summarize 30
different vaccines only one had
double-blind saline placebo controlled
and that one was not truly they didn't
do a clear distinction between the
saline and they lumped this together and
they said there was no difference
alright then
and then on top of all that of course
there's been no studies of any
combinations of those things given
together exactly right and and that's
why you know we create a cytosol to help
with this but let me go back because we
you know we help major companies do
combinations all these supplement
companies because we can understand on
the computer now going to your
fundamental question what does the other
side say why aren't they doing this if
it's that remember I told you Jonas Salk
was against doing he was he was
feverishly against he said this sort of
ethos came in medicine which said it's
unethical not to give people something
if it works let me read you from one of
the the vaccine what the site says this
is what their issue is it's called the
ethics argument Scott now listen to me
and tell me if you can see the
incredible tautology here in the chicken
and egg this is how it goes if there is
already I'm quoting a known vaccine that
is safe and effective , it is unethical
to randomize children into vaccinated
group which is double-blind control
studies because we would be denying them
the benefits of being vaccinated oh my
god
okay let me suppose I say this if there
is already a known herb that is safe and
effective like tumeric been used for
India for thousands of years it is
unethical to randomize people into a
group not receiving the herb because we
would be denying them the benefits of
the herb let me give you that doesn't
want to take this if there is a already
known yoga posture that is safe and
effective it is unethical to randomize
people into a group not receiving a yoga
posture because we we denying them the
benefits of the yoga posture if there is
already a known chiropractic
manipulation that is safe and effective
it is unethical to randomize people into
an age group not receiving the
chiropractic manipulation you see what
I'm saying
the last examples that the the
mainstream bowtie you know steamed
medical community which we all are
supposed to
think they are gods you know whether
they're trying to make you think pass
the sales yeah there yeah yeah but but
they have said complementary alternative
medicine tumeric spin use you got or do
double-blind control studies when it
comes to their vaccine listen to this if
there's already known vaccine that is
safe and effective
how do you know it's safe and effective
oh it's been used and we're getting the
immune antibody response okay of the 30
vaccines none of them have been proven
safe and effective they're saying by
their use and this is how it goes if a
new vaccine comes out that is let's say
there you are Merck and you create the
hepatitis vaccine okay and there's no
thing for hepatitis even according to
their own rule of ethics they say in
that case that you should test it okay
on your P so if a new vaccine comes out
they're saying you should do that some
of the you know what we call the probe
acts people Health and Human Services
says you don't even have to test it in
that case the bottom
vaccine safety vaccine testing I can
tell you as an expert who works with all
these guys
it's like stapler man remember stapler
man in office space it's somehow he got
left there the drug give up food but
he's still in the basement because we
Revere Jonas Salk and polio so much that
story that we have let them get away
with the high strict standards of
limousine double blind clippings they
let me let me play devil's advocate here
because I don't have anybody to
represent that side so I'll do my my
best job of it in the case of polio
would you agree that Jonas Salk has been
proven right if we just limited it to
that case that the moral and risk
management based on what they knew at
the time that he made the right call
because he probably prevented more
people from getting polio than if they'd
waited say for however long it took to
take the test would you say and before i
extend the argument would you say that's
true even though he didn't know he was
making the right call we can look at it
in hindsight and say yeah that was
probably the right call even though we
prefer he had been that done a
double-blind experiment would you agree
with that or no yes so Scott what I
would agree with is the following it's a
very important question I went and read
the original night duty before paper
they gave them up singing pattern I've
symptoms of polio okay and there's some
question about this what was polio
before 1954 and what was polio after
1954 but I would let's give Jonas Salk
for his work he did great work we
reduced polio let's give that however my
point is that safety was not at the
forefront of that and also what were the
marker what is the threshold we're
collateral damage is okay 1% 2% what's
that number that you say we have victory
okay now let me ask you this is what the
issue is what is it we are willing to
agree is safe and that safety discourse
needs to occur
vaccines but now wait yeah yeah I'm
sorry now what when you're looking at
something like polio the odds of getting
polio yeah that's that's a that's a
pretty bad bad situation let's say the
odds of getting one of the lesser you
know mumps or measles they can still
kill people but most people are gonna
recover you know I have those things as
a child so wouldn't you take a
completely different risk management
approach to how how risky it is before
you let people have it you have to
separate those right exactly in fact in
that video that I you know put up there
I entire issue use these two words risk
management this entire thing is about
engineering risk management you brought
up measles
why was the measles vaccine created
someone decided prior to the measles
vaccine creation one out of a hundred
people I went out of a hundred thousand
people at the CDC post-talk studies and
I went to the CDC site about one out of
a hundred thousands of people were
getting what's called subacute
sclerosing pan and stuff lightest simple
thing brain inflammation deadly brain
inflammation one out of a hundred
thousand so that risk point oo 1% Scott
we someone decide who's decided decided
oh that's too high therefore we need the
measles vaccine got it right because of
the bad risk management the number we
consider one out of a hundred thousand
we said it's too high and the measles
vaccine and what do you say
wouldn't you say based on what you've
said already that we would never be able
to tell if if we had created more safety
than problems because we didn't do the
kind of testing that would have surfaced
that so so so would you would you
summarize to say at least on let's just
say measles because it's easy would it
be a safe summary to say that we don't
actually know if we're hurting or
helping more exactly we don't know what
the baseline is we don't know where the
goalpost is you want you hit it on a
nail so recently in a German study so
the the 0.001 percent risk of getting
sspe which is brain inflammation was a
motivation to create the measles vaccine
between 2014 and a
I'm gonna that number people said a
German study said one out of 1,700 which
means now it's 0.05 6% okay so let's
even give that higher number okay
so again the reason for measles vaccine
is justified that people without
vaccinations have a risk of 0.05 6% or
0.001 percent of getting this horrible
brain inflammation
right now check this out this is why the
mothers are so upset this is where this
is coming from and III didn't understand
Santa like this is when I had the
epiphanies got again after vaccinations
people are getting what's called autism
defined by it's it's scientifically
designed by a particular marker called
the HM gb1 inflammatory marker which
comes out in what's called autism
spectrum disorder okay it's an actual
biological marker which is associated
with neural inflammation the same neural
inflammation similar to SSP wait hold on
hold on are you telling me that the to
be on the autism spectrum that's not
genetic there's a lifestyle component
well know what you know it's a marker
which could remember we've as a spectrum
genetic non-genetic but there is a
inflammatory marker which is associated
with neural inflammation and one out of
88 kids now have that marker okay which
is one point one three six percent
although a marker they were born with or
they acquired
we don't know we don't know how that
marker is well remembered remember this
is an inflammatory marker it's a protein
okay okay so that could it's a it's it's
something that's being upregulated okay
this is why we need to understand the
molecular mechanisms it's not a genetic
marker it's a protein marker okay which
means it's coming out as the result of
its set of biomolecular reactions it's
being upregulated that mechanistic
understanding we need to understand
which had not been it's something I
would want to look into but because of
that one out of eighty eight which now
is one point one three six percent so if
you compare one point one thirty six
percent versus 0.05 six percent that is
nearly 200 times more brain inflammation
among kids or a thousand times more okay
but but the quote but the cause the
causes not established though we're not
saying the cause exactly I agree with
you it's the bridge example one out of
100 bridges are falling down before
after hurricane we put in billions of
hours to rework some to fault I can't
say it was what I did we would as
engineers would say hey man let's go
look at this we got to understand this
we would at least not have an arrogant
attitude we would say we need to
understand this phenomena logically
mechanistically what's going on and I
think this is some crux of the issue the
scientific method engineering basic
analysis even what Trump pulled those
what is it when the three Boeing's fell
out what did he do he grounded them even
if you have one failure in engineering
you don't say oh that's a statistical
risk an engineering systems approach
says when you have a problem or when
you're selling a piece of software even
if one customer complains you go look at
it because that bug can affect other
people right if they're using that
particular feature so we don't
fundamentally have an engineering
approach in medicine we have a Jonas
Salk approach of Public Health telling
medical doctors what's right and the
medical doctors execute protocols are
basically executing recipe Scott in this
case do this this this it is not a in
some ways a humble approach to
recognizing hey I'm seeing this
difference the reason I did measles was
because it was point oh five six percent
1% of brain inflammation now I'm seeing
a higher incidence mothers are bringing
this up so do we just say they're
crackpots or we say hey I'm gonna listen
to this
let me unravel this and understand the
mechanistic tuning but but isn't the
problem that basically all the kids get
the shots now so if there were some
other completely unrelated reason that
this marker was was being seen let's say
you know somebody suggested for example
the fact that Microsoft exists and it
attracts people to a place and those
people get married it's actually
attracting people who might have let's
say a latent I don't know if this is the
right medical word but you know Layton
autism that isn't expressed really in
any way but when two of them get married
there's more odds is it there isn't it
possible there's more autism and
everybody's getting the measles so that
that's that's just a correlation that's
not really yeah that's what I'm saying
so so that's what I'm trying to say you
know correlation does not mean causation
but what you do in epidemiological work
when you see signal it's called they do
this in pharmacovigilance when you see
some signal you are you want to go
investigate that with an understanding
of understanding causality and I think
this is a crux of it so if you look at
this there is some signal in the society
and I you know 1 out of 88 these people
have the same brain inflammation the
neuro inflammation as similar to why we
gave me Zoe's vaccine and mothers are
breaking this up and there's a sense
they're not being listened to so that's
and in that backdrop we we do have the
legitimate issue of the fact among those
30 vaccines only one was given a little
blind Saline placebo Kunal study and on
top of it the good and on top of it
science is moving to personalized
precision medicine we should be
understanding mechanisms we want to
understand this and the question is why
isn't the vaccine research community
embracing this because the drug
development company is
so there's there's a yeah there's a
question being asked continuously in the
comments here if I could jump in just
are you done with that point yes okay
they're asking to comment on aluminum
apparently they're some alleged problems
with aluminum as an ingredient in the
shots cancellous about that yeah so
there's been a number of people this has
been a big debate you know I was one of
the things that we've been involved in
is looking at Alzheimer's you know in
inside us all we've been modeling all
the pathways and we work with some of
the establishment scientists some among
them when you bring up the aluminum
issue they go oh that's nonsense
you know aluminum does not cause any
issues among another group of
researchers there is they present data
that aluminum crosses a blood-brain
barrier and it has effects in affecting
neurovascular diseases of all different
kinds and then and there's a link
between the aluminum and also the
microbiome it got okay so this is what's
going on in the example like that's why
the guard is a liquid Burton because
they hit it and this is why people
Russian scientifically you know I'm
frankly a little bit miffed because you
didn't do a pure vaccine placebo you
shoved in the aluminum's of aluminum was
in fact causing something it has noise
right you've shoved in the noise to the
controller so I have not looked at it
but there is a you type in aluminum and
you know and stuff out there there's
this thesis that aluminum affects it we
just finished an NIH study which were
funded on looking at green teas use in
modulating the immune system we're gonna
be adding aluminum to that and seeing
how aluminum affects green tea because
there's a theory that in China people
have green tea with heavy metals in it
right so I'm gonna be exploring that in
the next six months cup but I can tell
you I don't want to make unscientific
comments here because I don't want to
get into this anti back slack saying I
can definitively say that we are not
applying real risk management safety
unbiased risk management standards
period and this is the real issue so dr.
Shiva if if the law allowed you to do
anything you wanted
and this domain in terms of your own
children and you and your your small
child is offered the shots just as
they're given or you could say uh I for
my own personal risk management based on
everything I know because I've really
looked into this I'm going to adjust
what we're doing from the standard and
how would you adjust it to feel
comfortable with your own child
understanding that this is not advice
for anybody else's child yeah I mean
from my standpoint when you look at the
body it's a very very complex system we
don't understand this engineering system
and so it really comes down to my
relationship with my physician which is
it's supposed to be a interaction
between the physician and the parent in
this case and the child it should be
this this this thing that emerges out of
that discussion some children if they
come from a history of immunocompromised
families right a lot of autoimmune
disorders you would take a very
different approach than if you came from
a family which didn't have those issues
and you're saying you know what I'm here
I came from India I saw all sorts of
disease and I don't want to see that two
very different approaches in fact the
Institute of Medicine I have a lot of
respect for them this is the National
Academy of Medicine in 2011 they put out
their report called the adverse effects
of vaccine this is like the most
conservative groups got in their report
at the end of it they admitted there is
now a causal relationship between the
measles vaccine and I mean HPV and
anaphylaxis MMR and joint pain so they
finally admitted across studies
independently that there are
correlations between HPV MMR MMR and and
those vaccines and other phenomenon
however in their report and some people
on the anti-vaccine are not going to
like me for this they said there is no
correlation between MMR and autism MMR
and type 1 diabetes or DTaP but they end
there one of the important things in
their concluding paragraphs in their
final report they said however there is
much to learn about the human immune
system autoimmunity and the effects of
genetic variation all of which may
influence how people respond to vaccines
precision medicine so what I'm saying is
in the backdrop of where we don't we do
not really tested these vaccines by any
scientific gold standard we have the
movement towards precision medicine in
that given that background it really
should go down to the parent and the and
the doctor having a conversation however
what's happened in medicine is a doctor
in many ways is made to be think that
they just have to prescribe and follow a
process because there's so much
licensure issues if they don't do
something they could be canned and
people who give exemptions you know 95
doctors in California are not being
questioned and they're they could have
their licenses removed so then I guess
what I'm trying to say I want to have a
relationship with my doctor it's my
child you don't have the vaccine studies
I should have there should be a sense of
respect freedom and choice to make this
decision when you don't when you don't
have data in particular how but you know
the vaccination thing is different than
a lot of a lot of other topics because
what you do will affect me and my
children so if you you know if you don't
give AXA dated and even there we don't
know so for example the herd immunity
question so we don't have any
double-blind control studies of where
you gave people vaccines and you didn't
give him and then did it was that it
could be that the vaccine itself what
they call shedded you know there's a
story with the mumps vaccine right they
gave the soldiers 133 soldiers they've
been in quarantine I don't know if
they're still out of it off the coast in
in the Middle East American Navy
soldiers were all given the mumps
vaccine they all got mumps it's a
massive massive massive outbreak so what
I'm trying to say we don't know the
mechanism Scott Jonas Salk polio modern
medicine big that is the you know the
big win and it almost seems like there
is kids gloves about questioning that
and we're in that we're moving in you
know 23rd century medicine demands that
we start looking at safety issues start
applying engineering principles and this
is what we should be doing doctors the
old model of Marcus
being the doctor comes in with his white
shirt and there is some thing in the
background noise that we're supposed to
bow down to the doctor I don't look let
me let me make my best devil's advocate
argument here based on what you're
saying it sounds to me that giving my
they're giving kids vaccinations you
know might Mike was you know one or two
percent of them to have a problem but
the vast majority of them would avoid
problems would I not still be unsafe ER
ground saying that we can tell I saw
make a statement you can fact check this
I believe we can tell that on average
the people who got the vaccinations had
better outcomes but with the
understanding that there might be
individuals who are worse off because of
it can I make that statement that more
people are better off with vaccines on
the whole then there are people being
injured by it I think I think I don't
know if you can say the first statement
scientifically Scott what we can say is
there are groups of people who may be
injured what we don't know is that risk
number we don't know the number Scott
that's what I don't know and in lieu of
that it's hard to say what that number
is if we had double-blind control saline
studies there will not be an issue let
me yeah let me reword it as a more of a
business than a medical question if I'm
looking at if I'm looking at a situation
where I can't know the precise place I
want to be so let's say precision is not
an option so I could either go too far
or I can go now far enough those are my
only two options so in the case of
vaccinations too far let's define that
as where we are too far is taking taking
some known substantial risk of not
having double-blind placebo studies but
still knowing a lot about what's going
on and the other is that you understood
the mark do we know enough yeah that's a
great question yes and I'm saying we
don't know because we don't have the
risk assessment models for vaccine
safety so if you take the
if you tend easels which is the one that
everyone brings out did giving the
measles vaccine so you know I got
measles in India I didn't get it you got
a rash in the thing and went away I got
chickenpox it went away right now there
I think this is a fundamental question
you're asking SOT is after you got that
vaccine is the thesis that you saved
that 1% of people from getting sspe
right or are you saying you diminish
that that adverse effect those number of
people versus people who let's say
vaccines never came right what was that
we don't know those numbers alright
let's let's so I accept your your
measles your musical example is very
strong because it's very by the way each
of these each of these vaccines are
different each of the vaccines behave in
very different ways the etiology of them
how the adaptive immune system responds
but one question is why are we giving
hepatitis B vaccine to the instant a kid
is born when that is for IV drug users
and people with STDs you said I'm saying
right yeah questions of the 30 vaccines
and the 70 different doses that are
given between 0 to 18 months all right I
don't have an answer to that yeah let me
ask this is the dumb guy statistical
question which maybe will be helpful to
the audience if I were looking at the
situation of let's say hypothetically I
only had one choice to make the the
measles vaccine the mmm or whatever it
is or not so it's just yes or no and
that one you've you've described a
compelling argument that we have a
pretty good idea that we don't know that
the benefits are greater than the cost
but statistically speaking if I were to
lump all of the vaccines together and
all the people who take all the vaccines
could I say that that class the whole
class take all the vaccines has better
outcomes than the entire class of people
who took not
I don't know we can say that Scot we
don't have the data right you know and
the other thing here let me give you a
very it's not even analogy the average
80 year old today takes 12 different
drugs
it's called drug drug interaction there
is the ring field of saying what is
going on how many drugs are we giving
and what effects do those combinations
have I mean 0 to 18 we're hitting
someone 270 doses we don't know what
those combinations have they've not been
tested and nor are we using modern
systems biology to model them
mechanistically understand them and that
is what I have a concern even is
significantly scientists that I respect
they're afraid to even broach this topic
and I think that it's a very important
aspect of the scientific discourse as it
doesn't take place around vaccines
because it's sort of the foundation
hallmark of modern Western medicine well
well dr. Cheever this is this is amazing
and helpful and very illuminating I feel
like for the first time literally for
the first time I feel like I have some
you know layman's understanding of the
situation I need to I need to wrap up
because I want to add a couple of things
well I got my audience here but thank
you so much for for coming on here and
give us your your Twitter handle for
people call your handle is act VA
underscore Sheva at VA B is in victory
underscore sheba I don't know Scott if
you know I'll be also running again as a
scientist for Senate in Massachusetts
coming up in 2020 and we really want to
have more discourse around a lot of
these veneering and science issues it's
not going to be the fake Indian versus a
real and it's the MIT PhD for us the
techie stack which I think you nailed
the first time but I think there's I
think vaccines offer great opportunity
Scott for modern medicine group odder
medicine discourse it's a wonderful
opportunity for discourse and I really
appreciate you having me on Scott giving
me the opportunity it's a really big
public service you the very objective
way that you look at issues I thank you
doctor
I hope we helped today and I'll talk to
you stop thank you
all right that was terrific he is so
good at explaining stuff in a way that
yeah the way you can follow even if you
don't know what's going on let me talk
about a few other things here while I
got you
the New York Times issued let's say an
update not a retraction but an update so
there was this book saying that Brett
Kavanaugh had done some naughty things
in high school and then they they
quietly revised it to say that the
person who is the alleged victim of this
alleged act has no memory of it so in
other words the victim alleged victim
doesn't think it happened as far as she
knows think about that that was like a
major story in The New York Times and
just totally made up as far as we can
tell or at least that important
clarification was left out a bigot deals
at North Korea's invited President Trump
to come over to Pyongyang am i
pronouncing that right young yang I
don't think I've ever said Pyongyang in
public before it's the first time and
that looks like a good sign to me so
we'll see how that goes I'm happy when
Kim and Trump are talking and you know
making plans because that feels like the
safest situation we've ever been in
would you not say that our current
situation with North Korea is by far the
safest it's ever been
wouldn't you say I mean it just doesn't
look like he's heading in the wrong
direction anymore it looks like it's
fixed you know it's it will it will
change forever but it looks like the
dangerous parts over
let's talk about Saudi Arabia and the
RAM coefficient that the Houthis in
Yemen took responsibility they said it
was them but apparently our
administration is saying well not so
fast it might have been Iran or the
attack may have come from Iraq which
would still be Iran in terms of
influence and I'm just wondering this
was a tough one because everybody lies
in these situations I don't think you
can necessarily believe what the United
States is saying about this because
they're gonna say whatever gets the best
effect which you'd want them to so I
normally would be you know opposed my
government lying to me the exception is
National National Defense national
interests like this so if my government
is stretching a fact to put some
pressure on Iran well that's okay with
me yeah as long as they know what
they're doing as long as there are
enough people involved who who are
adults who know how this stuff works
I don't mind my government doing a
little bit of stretching the truth if
it's useful for persuasion so we don't
know what's going on there who bomb to
but the interesting thing is that we
can't tell how how scary is it that some
number of drones took out a major
facility and we don't know where it came
from and it came from a long ways away
so in other words it's not like there
were airplanes above it may just drop
stuff do we said hey it was that we're
plating up there some number of small
flying things when a tremendous distance
without detection what's up with that
we're gonna need to figure out how to
detect those little guys my
understanding is that there is a company
now and I might maybe I can have
somebody else to talk about it I believe
there is a company now that detects
drones
so they can detect incoming drones and
actually automatically initiate some
kind of counter of defense so we'll talk
about that sounds like that's something
that everybody every oil for site
refinery is going to need
I guess Joe Biden's gonna release his
medical records I would not expect to
find anything interesting in there or
I'll see one we wouldn't release them
all right I got to talk about the
concert I went through last night
and this this is gonna sound like old
man yelling at the yelling at the sky
but I went to the Elton John concert
last night because it was local and
normally I would never go to a concert
because I don't like the the whole
situation of the travel when the crowds
and takes too long and everything so
Elton John's doing his farewell tour so
I was like I'll never get to see him
again it's a farewell tour and you know
big fans and and Christine the place of
piano so it's a little extra interesting
because the piano and and it said it was
in the new facility in the chase center
so I wanted to see the new facility
anyway which is amazing the new place
the Warriors are gonna play really well
done so I went and we we get these
somebody dropped out didn't either take
it so we we got these amazing seats in
the fifth row on the floor so I'm
looking at Elton John like he's just on
the other side of the living room
it was insane to be that close to him
you know with no security or anything
like we're just standing there and there
was Elton John right there so that part
was cool now the part that I tweeted
about and I complained about is that and
I left this out of the tweet so here's
the here's the key part I was
complaining because there was a woman in
the seat in front of me who stood most
of the show now everybody who saw that
tweet said old man don't you know it's a
rock concert people stand what did you
expect
get off your get off your can it's for
dancing you should stand below blah blah
here's the part I left out
the people standing weren't dancing for
the most part the little video I showed
you us but mostly this is what they were
doing they were taking pictures of like
minute after minute of the live act they
were standing in front of me and
blocking my view with their cameras as
well as their bodies for the first 15
minutes it was just a couple of large
guys who stood up in the front right in
front of us and decided to film a live
act now here's the thing if you're
filming a live act in the first few
minutes I totally get taking a little
clip I did it too so certainly no
complaints about somebody using their
phone taking a little video clip and and
almost everybody did so nearly a hundred
percent of people at some point lift is
different I took a clip but if you're
standing in front of me with your phone
up not dancing just so you can get a
better picture and all you're doing is
making everybody behind you not be able
to see and you don't once in 15 minutes
turn around
to now somebody's saying yell to sit
down it was like 10 people there were at
least 10 people in my sort of zone in
front of me who thought it was perfectly
okay to stand not dance stand and become
cameraman and block the entire view of
the people who spent outrageous amounts
of money to have those seats now here's
my point yes I know I didn't have to go
to the concert I get it yes I know
people stand up at concerts of course I
expected that yes people should stand up
to enjoy it and dance in the parts that
you know the parts that are called for
and of course I did alright so you don't
need to explain to me how standing works
versus sitting you don't need to explain
to me how concerts work I get that all
right that's not the complaint that
would all be fine if they hadn't had
their phones out I think I would have
been okay or if they hadn't filmed there
was that there was a big guy in front of
me who stood for a baby a third of the
concert filming it with his phone now
who the hell
is gonna watch that video do you think
there's one person in the world who's
gonna say hey wow you got Elton John on
a tiny little screen with bad sound
system can I watch 15 minutes of that
now nobody the guy who took the video is
not going to watch it again you might
watch 10 seconds of it that's why a
10-second video is a good idea might be
fun to see how close you were see how
good your seats were but oh my god so I
found myself seething with hatred for
human beings not all of them but here's
my here's my bottom line if you were a
person who stood up that entire time in
that group and it wasn't everybody it
was maybe 20% of them and you never
looked behind you to see what you were
doing to the people behind you the whole
time and that would describe most of
none of them turned around they had
ruined the evening for a whole swath of
people who were hating them with the
same amount of white-hot hatred I had
for them and I thought to myself there's
no way to explain this they're just
 all right
and let me say it to those of you so
some of you are
I see the criticisms coming in from this
in the tweet so some of you are
criticizing me for not understanding
that people stand up during these rock
you know these concerts yes idiots
I understand people stand up yes 80s I
understand I can stand up yes ideas I
understand that if I stand up I can see
yes idiots
and that that's what people do
but lots of times people were up and
down in a situation where people are up
and down they're not standing all the
time if you've never looked behind you
to see if you're blocking somebody's
view you're just an all right so
I'm talking to you who are watching
because a lot of you said I went to the
concert I stood the whole time you're an
 if you never look behind you to
see what you're doing to the person
behind you you're just an all
right there isn't any way to soften that
I'm sorry that you're hearing it from me
for the first time if you stood the
whole concert with your phone you're an
if you stood up during the fun parts
with everybody else
you were standing you blocked my view
sometimes sometimes you didn't I fight
with that I'm fine with having my view
blocked with somebody who was having fun
and is considerate and etc all right so
old man yells at this guy I know what
that sounds like I did it anyway I don't
care that's all for now I'll talk to you
tomorrow