did you do bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
bum-bum-bum pom-pom
hello everybody come on in here
it's Friday I think and it's time for
the simultaneous hip it's the best one
of the day because it's the first one
and the first simultaneous sip yes fresh
and yeah that's good stuff all right you
might know there's a live shooter at yet
another high school we don't know the
details yet but I'm gonna go out in the
limb and say it's a guy just a wild
guess
and that he plays video games
another wild guess one of the things
that people ask is whether playing
violent video games and watching violent
movies causes violence and when I was
young and didn't know a lot I said to
myself no way there's no way that
watching video games can cause you to
actually want to be violent because
everybody knows the difference between a
fake game and reality that's before I
knew how the brain work
turns out it's almost I would say close
to a hundred percent chance yeah
probably close to a hundred percent
chance that video games make some people
not most but some people more likely to
grab a gun and go into a school and
shoot people why is that simply because
they just wouldn't have thought of it
before they just wouldn't be on the top
of their mind they might have bad
thoughts they might have guns they just
wouldn't put them together but if you
spend all day playing a game in which
you shoot lots of people with a gun
and then you're in a bad mood and you
have a gun
are you slightly more likely to do the
thing that's at the top of your mind yes
now that doesn't mean we should ban
video games or bamboo fees or anything
but let's not you know let's not be
children about it if you put somebody
with a you know somebody who's disturbed
and you pair them with access to a gun
and a video game or movies in which
people are using guns to shoot lots of
people what's the first thing they're
gonna think about so yes the the popular
culture does contribute to this stuff
it's not the reason it's not the thing
that needs to be banned but let's not
kid ourselves or our entertainment makes
this probably makes it I don't know ten
times more likely something like that so
we'll learn more about that tragedy
that's going on right now well let's
talk about some other things that are
not that tragedy because that's sad to
think about how many of you have seen
the other video or audio clip which is
also an audio illusion so it's not the
it's not the vani and laurel one but
it's another one and this is the one
with brainstorm or green needle so most
of you probably saw this one now if you
haven't seen you haven't heard it I'll
play it but I don't know that it's going
to work you'll be able to hear it but I
don't know if the audio effect will work
so alright so if you haven't heard it
here's the thing I'm gonna play the same
sound I swear to you this time there's
no trick it'll always be the same sound
every time you hear it nothing will
change but if you concentrate and expect
to hear the word brainstorm you will
hear brainstorm very clearly and all you
have to do is change what you're
expecting and say to yourself alright
this time it's going to be green and
needle and you just repeat that in your
head and when you listen to it it's
green needle
now green needle and brainstorm they're
not that close so if you can hear
yourself and you can go back and forth
as I can between the two this is a much
stronger audio illusion than even the
Laurel and of anyone so let's see if I
can play it all right what are you here
brainstorm or green needle all right
let's do it at the same time everybody
think brainstorm brainstorm brainstorm
brainstorm all right think brainstorm
we're all on brainstorm everybody's
gonna brainstorm let's see recess
brainstorm really all right all right
now everybody think green needle green
needle green needle everybody at the
same time green little green needle
three needle three needles we evil clear
as day all right so so how many of you
could clearly clearly hear both just by
resetting your brain I know not
everybody can but for those who can't
see how many the can as the answers go
by now somebody said are you tricking us
all right I promise you here two
promises if I tell you directly like I
am now I am NOT tricking you that will
always be true if I don't tell you
whether I'm tricking you or not
you can always wonder well maybe it's a
trick and you know
sometimes it might be something clever
but if I tell you directly this is not a
trick which I'm doing right now it'll
never be a trick all right so let's have
that bit of trust this is real this is
your best example of how what you
believe is your objective reality is so
malleable that in real time you can
change what you hear from one word to a
completely different other word now that
is the world I live in all the time if
you study this stuff if you're a
hypnotist if you spend a you know
decades dealing with this this field of
field of knowledge this is my normal
reality my normal reality is that if I'm
sitting here I know that you and I are
not hearing the same thing we're not
thinking the same thing and we're not in
the same experience right but most
people think they are i I've left that
behind now let me give you an example
from Nick Gillespie of a reason reason
TV and reason.com
I could think it is he he of course made
the connection between Laurel and Vani
and the topic yesterday with President
Trump was he calling ms-13 animals or
was he calling immigrants and general
animals and as Nick pointed out we're
hearing different things based on what
we brought to it so those of us who
thought President Trump has said
something that was either offensive or
not that's not the world I live in what
President Trump said is completely
divorced from what we heard I heard what
I expected to hear other people heard
something completely different that they
expected to hear and it's even more
interesting when you replay the the
ms-13 animals conversation and you play
it in this full context you say to
yourself okay we can this is not the
same as Laurel and Fannie the the ms-13
is too
in case something taken out of context
so they put it so you put it back in
context and then you show it to the
people who thought he was talking about
all immigrants do they say to themselves
oh I I guess I was fooled it was taken
out of context now that I hear the
context it's obviously he means ms-13
well some do the AP for example reversed
their story
CNN clarified their story so that it
didn't look so much like a reversal but
a few people did they said oh shoot this
was just out of context but a lot of
people and you saw them on Twitter a lot
of people said well ms-13 we shouldn't
call them animals they're people too now
that's not really the kind of argument
you would have heard from them before
they got caught misinterpreting that
video so the weird impact was to get
people to defend ms-13 so they didn't
have to be wrong about the last thing
you say which is kind of mind-blowing to
the people observing it who are not
experiencing the the cognitive
dissonance but once you start
understanding that these little audio
illusions are not the exception they're
not the exception
they are the rule that we're all
experiencing reality completely
differently a good example is there's a
story I tell about my my mother's
experience it doesn't matter what it is
there's a famous story from my childhood
something my mother did one day and I
was talking about that with my brother
and my brother said no that's not what
happened
this object was not involved it was an
entirely different object a very
different object not even close
except they both have a handle that's
about it and I was positive of my memory
he has a better memory so I've changed
my opinion to whatever he said must be
right but we both lived in a world in
which we were for sure of something and
at least one of us was just
lately wrong I think it was me in that
case and though and the in our histories
and our memories are like that until
somebody has observed something in a way
that that refutes your memory you can
hold on to a false memory forever until
you see proof it's not real and then
even when you see proof
you're gonna interpret it as the proof
that the proof is not approved so we're
walking around in these completely
different fictitious little movies and
our heads some of us see Trump doing
lots of good stuff some of us see a
monster who's you know needs to be
removed from the public some of us see a
Russia collusion involving President
Trump others people other people see an
intelligence service Democratic Russian
collusion to try to remove a fairly
elected president these things will
never be resolved indeed let me take
this to another another extreme if you
take all of these things to their
extreme here's what I believe about
reality and I know when you hear this
this will not be convincing so I know
that what I'm saying is so I'm not
trying to persuade you because I know
there's no chance I'm just telling you
where you might end up so if you don't
hold this opinion yet remember you
didn't hold that opinion about that
audio illusion long ago either so your
your your impression about reality is
going to start to evolve this is what
I've been predicting would happen about
now a couple years ago I predicted this
and here's where I am
and have been for a long long time if I
receive a sealed envelope in the mail
and let's say I know the topic and it's
going to be either good news for me or
bad news for me my view of reality is
that the contents of the envelope are
uncertain until I see them in other
words it is not true that the contents
of the envelope are objectively already
determined because I haven't seen them
that the contents of the envelope only
become real when I view them now that
would be wrong if I had talked to
somebody who viewed them because they're
viewing of them would would seal it into
reality until something changed but and
somebody's saying that's magic now it's
not magic it's simply a different way of
understanding how limited our
perceptions are right so there might be
some underlying reality but it's pretty
clear that humans don't have access to
it so in other words when we're
listening to these audio illusions we
feel like we're experiencing something
like reality but we're not you know it
with the Audio illusions it's obvious
that what we're dealing with is an
interpretation of something we don't
understand
and so while it might be true that
there's some objective reality about the
envelope before before I look at it it
could also be true that that objective
reality is that it's not an envelope
this nose is not even there so there
might be an objective reality but it's
not accessible by human brains so we
just have movies that that are coherent
within our own minds and that's the best
we can do now let me let me put a bow on
this if it were true that reality is
more of a perception than an objective
thing that we're looking at then it
would also be true and here's the freaky
part all right this is my Friday kind of
a topic if reality is mostly a movie
that we're inventing in our heads even
if there is a base reality that we just
can't see and never will if our reality
is a movie you should also be true wait
for it that we can rewrite history right
so if my view of reality is correct we
can rewrite history under the condition
that it hasn't been observed
right so if history has not been
observed we can rewrite it so if I say
if I notice that there's a leak in my
ceiling and there are several possible
things that could be causing it that
history of what it was that got us to
the point where I noticed the leak is
fungible it's it's movable that can be
rewritten as many times as I need until
I open up the ceiling and see the actual
leak and I see where it's coming from at
that point the reality in the history
becomes solid now has anybody heard of
the double yeah here it is somebody beat
me to it so where I was having with this
was the double slit experiment I am NOT
going to try I'm not going to try to
explain the double slit experiment but
google it if you're not aware of it so
it's a it's a an experiment roughly
speaking in which they're two slits and
you put light through them and you
measure the photons versus the waves and
there there's some freaky thing that
happens where your observation changes
what happened in the past or it appears
to now that's the best explanation that
I can give you but it does seem that
physics has confirmed that you can
rewrite the past based on what you
observe and in the present now imagine
what this point imagine what this
worldview does for people all right so
my worldview is that basically anything
is possible in part because I can
rewrite my past so if I need a new past
to make something possible today as long
as there's no observation that makes it
impossible I'll just rewrite the past
until it's compatible with what I want
in the future now is any of this real
don't know because our are our realities
or sort of things we write ourselves so
do I know if anything would I know if
anything I'm saying make sense either in
the world objectively or to you no way
to know
but there's there's my so so here's the
other thing if my view of the world is
accurate then there are a lot of things
that you would think are impossible that
I would not think are impossible you get
that so one of the implications of my
world view there's really just a
artificial movie we're all writing in
our heads is that I can rewrite my movie
far more flexibly than you could if your
view is
everything's just determined I'm just do
just just trucking along according to
you know the variables that are coming
in now how would that make you act if
you believed anything's possible versus
you believed you don't have any options
things are just gonna be the way they're
gonna be well in my case I would say hey
why don't I pursue the best job I could
ever want in my entire life let's say I
want to be a cartoonist because it's
like easy fun work and I want to be one
of the top cartoonists in the world
seriously what are the freaking odds of
that happening what are the odds that a
little boy says hey I think I want to be
a famous world famous cartoonist pretty
low didn't stop me
what are the odds when I said to myself
I think I'll write you know a book in a
in a field in which I have no experience
you know how will that do
turned out pretty well so you know and I
and when I transition to you know
predicting things about politics
first of all predicting the future is
impossible right but it's not looking
that way is it because I keep predicting
the future and I'm predicting very
unlikely things you know Trump's
ascension the North Korean stuff which
I'm still predicting will will turn out
well after after the usual number of
walk away is in heck
we should get something we like
yeah then somebody's saying but maybe
I'm creating the future
am i influencing the future or a
predicting it and here's the cool thing
they look exactly alike there's no way
to know there's no way to know if I'm
predicting the future or causing it or
if your future and mine are different so
I'm not causing anything I'm just
rewriting my own movie all possible in
my world so this is where the power of
positive thinking kind of overlaps with
this topic the power of positive
thinking is that you can essentially
author your own future you just have to
think about it positively do the things
that positive people do and you and
you'll notice that your environment
seems to be serving up things that you
needed things that you wanted now that's
not actually what's happening but that's
what it feels like is happening and when
you see how malleable reality is and
that you actually can hear brainstorm or
you can hear a green needle and you just
have to want to then you can also rewire
your ego you can rewire your optimism
your ambition there are a lot of things
you can just rewire for optimization you
don't have to you don't have to put up
with them daily affirmations work thanks
for the new job so somebody here is
using these concepts and just got a new
job now you can't tell of course whether
that new job would have happened anyway
but here's what I would suggest the
first few times you see yourself
authoring your own environment you're
going to think it's a coincidence for
example you say to yourself I want that
job that's very unlikely I would get and
then you get that job what's the first
thing you say to yourself if you if you
achieve the thing you thought was
unlikely you rewrite your history and
you say
well wasn't that unlikely I just I just
thought it was unlikely but I was wrong
and obviously it was fairly likely
because it happened
not necessarily you may keep trying keep
trying to author your reality and after
a number of times when you see that what
you wanted to happen focused on you know
really put your mind to
and and visualize as much as you can
watch how often it happens even when you
thought it was unlikely and the great
thing is even if that's not what's
happening even if you created an
illusion that your thoughts were
authoring the future even if it's just
an illusion it's going to make you
really happy because you will have
author to life in which you have control
over it that will make you happy even if
none of it is related to a base reality
that is not accessible by her tiny
little human brains all right so here's
the bigger point so we saw the we saw
President Trump getting elected and all
these unusual things like you know North
Korea progress and and such so our minds
were already a little bit attuned to the
unusual we believed that things that we
thought were impossible can actually
happen so if so Trump put us all in the
in the frame of mind that no I guess I
guess reality is not so predictable I
guess I guess we have more options than
it seemed so that's the first thing then
then when we saw this Vani or Laurel
situation people started really
realizing that two people could sit in
the same room and watch the state you
know two different movies on the same
screen this is the analogy I've been
using for a while and and they can
actually experience it it's one thing to
read about it and have somebody say you
know in a conceptual level people are
not seeing the same thing and you read
that and you go yeah yeah yeah
conceptually I get it but it doesn't
really affect you all right it's just
something you read and then you
experience it like in real time you're
so yours you're standing right next
somebody you're listening to the same
thing and you're looking no this is Vani
and the other one says no that says
Laurel what's happening and then that
one's freaky enough but the one we did
earlier in the the periscope where where
you can just make yourself here
brainstorm or you can in seconds just
tune your brain to hear green needle and
they are so different once you realize
how malleable your perceptions are you
have a super power
everybody who experienced this
phenomenon just became more powerful you
don't know it yet but it happened let me
give you let me give you an example I've
talked a lot about the experience with
psychedelics now the reason that
psychedelics are powerful is not just
that when you're on them you have an
experience that's awesome
if you don't freak out and die I suppose
but your experiences a specific kind and
the specifics perience you have I'll
talk about psychedelic mushrooms in
particular that's my only experience but
people have done LSD and other
psychedelics will report similar things
and that is that that when you're on
psychedelic mushrooms or LSD you you
recognize the world you can operate in
it you you know if you saw a pen you
would know how to pick it up you know
how to use it you know how to write but
everything would look like you're
offering it it wouldn't look like it's
necessarily an objective quality of the
universe you would see behind the screen
so when you're when you're on
hallucinogens you can see reality behind
the speed it's like it's like you walked
up and you pulled the screen apart and
you could see the mechanism behind it
and you're like oh shoot now I get it
everything on the other side of the
screen is just a perception caused by
all this stuff happening
behind the screen once you get that
model of the world it doesn't leave
after you're no longer on the
hallucinogen alright you seen some
people confirm this with you look at the
comments you'll see the people
confirming this once you see reality as
a construct meaning something you have
put together in your mind that is
independent from whatever base reality
there might be it's just not accessible
to us right brains are not we didn't
evolve to understand reality we evolved
to just survive and apparently that's
good enough yeah so once you've seen the
base reality now some people sort of got
the the weak version of this by watching
the The Matrix movies because if you
watch The Matrix movies it's the first
time you say to yourself holy cow the
the real reality of the the organic
humans were connected to machines and
that movie the matrix they're having the
same experience as if they were real
people operating in what was really
their imagination or something like it
so once you get the mental model that is
possible to have two completely
different realities this sort of look
alike
and feel alike you start thinking well
maybe there's something in the real
world that's like that movie and then
when you hear these audio allusions you
start to confirm it you also notice that
the there's a lot of entertainment media
that's coming around to the same concept
that reality is a little bit author Abul
yeah if I could say it that way now the
thing that I noticed about candidate
Trump early on and why I started writing
about him is that I could see that he
was authoring reality in other words
Trump was not Trump did not to find a
set of rules and then say watch me be
the best one within these set of rules
you didn't do that when Trump entered
the reality the reality started to form
around
he was authoring reality in real time
and we were making it real by observing
it alright
he was doing that he is still doing that
people he is in our heads in ways that
nobody has ever been in our heads his
reality is not ours
true but he is changing our realities
he's changing him in two different ways
the haters are changing it in a more
hateful way the people who like what
he's doing they're seeing a golden age
emerge now how is it possible that those
two worlds can ever come together well
probably they never will but we might
find a way with that all of us can get
by people perceive objective reality in
different ways that is correct and which
is another way of saying that objective
reality may not be anything that any of
us can perceive accurately we're just
using something that's real to create
our artificial memories of things now
let me let me transition from this this
topic to something that's slightly
related but I'm gonna bring it back to
what we imagine to be the real world
right and my favorite topic lately a lot
of people's favorite topic is Candis
Owens now if you know if you're not
following her on Twitter first of all
you should because you know it's like
all the fun is happening on her Twitter
feed one way or the other because Candis
has carved out a position by being a
young black female that she can just
talk about the stuff and and a
conservative at the moment who used to
be liberal
so she's carved out this unique position
in society where she can just say stuff
that other people can't say and she can
certainly stasis a stuff that I can say
and or I mean I can legally and every
other way
but the risk would be higher than a
rational person that should take now the
other I think yesterday the other day
she tweeted that she was talking to some
friends and her friends had suggested
that and before I start let me tell you
I'm not going to give you my opinion on
this topic I'm going to talk about it
but I'm not allowed to have an opinion
on this topic and you're not going to
hear one okay so before I'm taking down
the context I have no opinions I'm just
going to talk about what happened just
describing the facts so Candice said
that she was having some lunch with some
friends who suggested that maybe single
women who don't have kids might have
some biochemical negative effect from
that that would make them crazy
essentially and then she used as her
examples
she's Sarah Silverman Chelsea Handler
and Kathy Griffin who are all without
children I think in all cases by choice
[Music]
now of course the world blew up on her
and said you can't be saying things like
that because that would suggest that
women are only only whole if they've had
children or whatever it's suggesting now
she's not suggesting anything like that
she is literally just recounting the
conversation and saying what do you
think about that and then the world
threw up on her because you can't even
ask that question in Candace and then
Candice the the reason that that she's
so popular Candice says essentially yes
I can't watch this I'm gonna do it again
and then she does it again right in
front of you it was like I absolutely
get and talk about this because what I
said wasn't even a little bit crazy
there was something I didn't know the
answer to and so I asked the question in
public I can't do that who says I can't
ask a question in public you know I
didn't say I knew the answer I asked the
question so you know that's the type of
attitude that n dear sir to so many
people but here's where it gets
interesting so Jake Tapper
macht her tweet with one of the
traditional mocking forums that you've
seen and this mocking forum is you don't
criticize it
you simply state a fact where and you
and you say it's just so obvious what
the criticism is that I don't even need
to you know define what the problem is
I just sew Jake's tweet was something
like you know Candice Owens you know
director of communication for America
first you know pro-trump so basically
Jake mocked her for simply being who she
is and having this opinion like like
those two things can't be together and
by the way when I say opinion that's not
exactly correct
I overdid it so I did what I'm hoping
you don't do she did not give an opinion
she asked a question right so Jake was
Maki or even essentially addressing this
topic and here and it gets better so I
thought to myself you know the first
time you hear this that you know
Candace's question are women who don't
have children you know does it have some
negative effect on them biochemically
this is her question not mine and the
first time I heard it I thought yeah
that doesn't sound right
but I thought well takes me five seconds
to google it
so I google it and one of the first
things that comes up is an article in
Time so Time magazine famous you know
not not conservative publication in 2014
had an article by a woman
so I woman wrote an article in which she
talked about research and you always
have to be careful about these articles
about research because that doesn't mean
they're reproducible but there was some
early indication there women who didn't
have children and and this was the
important part of the article and wanted
them were they had mental problems
because the thing that they wanted so
much
they didn't get and it even included
women who had children but wanted more
and couldn't have them for whatever
reason right
so those women were very unhappy but the
women who never wanted kids in the first
place and then didn't have them they
were fine so the three people Candace
mentions Kathy Griffin and Chelsea
Handler and Sarah Silverman I don't know
their situations but to the extent that
they chose and I think they probably all
chosen to be child free that should
predict that they are actually
well-adjusted so in other words the time
the time article did not agree with
Candace about those three people but it
did it did confirm that it's a
legitimate topic of research and that
there is an actual mental risk that
comes more with the the psychological
element this sounded like now the
psychological element and the physical
element I don't think there's as much of
a clear distinction between what your
body's doing and what your brain is
doing I always think of the body as just
an extension of the brain yeah for me
it's just one system I don't like to
make that artificial separation because
your body helps your brain it's really
just an accessory to the brain so in my
mind the question that the Candace asked
was first of all legitimate question
second of all it is the topic of
legitimate scientific research and
lastly the speculation that her friends
were making that she reported that there
was some biochemical change about not
having children was almost completely
right the part that they didn't include
in their speculation was that it's has
to do with what you wanted so it's more
a case of getting what you want versus
not getting what you want and so it
would have so Candace's speculation that
that might be some part of what's making
in her opinion people bitter about Trump
and about the right might be the child
thing but that seems to be not confirmed
by the studies in time but the larger
question was quite valid and wondered
what is the mental physical health
outcome for women of having children or
not or not having children I think that
was a fair question but in Jake's
response you can see that he dismissed
it as on its on its surface ridiculous
to ask the question but was it
ridiculous when Time magazine wrote an
article about it I don't think so
alright tagging the women makes it not
fair Scott yes
identifying those three specific women
was not fair but I don't I don't think
it was intended to be fair was it you
know in the context of these political
back-and-forth you would expect they
would mock her she would mock them so
yeah as I've said before politics is
sort of a an insult contest
if you enter a contest that's called an
insult contest and then you insult
somebody I'm not going to criticize you
the same as if you just walk down the
street and say hey you idiot you know
hey fatso you know it like if you're
walking down the street and randomly
insulting people there's something wrong
with you but if you enter an insult
contest which is what all this Twitter
politics is it's volunteering to be in
an insult contest so in that context if
Candace says something about what the
three critics who are very vocal and
very involved and very political and
around the other side that that's the
contest they entered right everybody
read the same rules so was it accurate
to mention those three people I don't
think so but it also wasn't wasn't an
accusation it was
a question and we can see from the Time
magazine article that it was a
reasonable question it turns out there
was not a correlation the way she
thought between those three people but
it was a fair question they took it
personally and they should it was
personal as as much of politics on
Twitter yes I know somebody said what is
the Bible code error so I tweeted to
somebody who was seeing patterns and
things and I I mentioned the Bible code
the Bible code is a book that came out I
don't know 20 years ago whenever it was
might have been thirty years ago and
it's the Bible code book imagined that
God had put secret coded predictions
that you could deduce from putting the
Bible words through an algorithm that
would do stuff like I'm making this up
but it was stuff like this you know take
the first letter of each of each word in
the sentence and it would form you know
or the third letter where you take the
first of this sentence the second of
this one the third of this one they run
a bunch of algorithms against the Bible
and find out they would produce full
sentences that look like predictions
that look like things that had happened
or would happen and so people said my
god this can't be a coincidence all of
these full sentences that are hidden in
the Bible it's obvious that God put a
code in there that is being revealed
over time but the debunkers said let's
try running this algorithm against any
other book and they just took war and
peace and they ran the same algorithm
against it and it was full of full
sentences and predictions and so it
turns out you can take any large book
run it through the algorithm and you'll
you'll see what appears to be full
sentences and messages from God so the I
use the Bible code as an example of
where people see a pattern and they
can't imagine
that it is not meaningful they imagined
the pattern must mean something that's
the Bible Code but patterns don't mean
something quite often a pattern is
nothing but you being reminded of
something that's it
just you being reminded of something
this is similar to my point that
analogies are not persuasive analogies
are nothing but something that reminded
you of something else right so a banana
and a penis are not the same thing even
if one reminds you of the other you you
can't you can't make any conclusions
about the fact that one reminded you of
another how long do you think we can
make the Golden Age last well if it's an
age it's gonna be a while we'll see I
mean a lot of where we go ends up ends
up to be about stuff like robots and AI
and stuff like that so so there's lots
of good stuff ahead there's no reason
that we have to stop having good times
any new books from me this year no but
I'll be updating wind bingley for the
paperback version so I'll be adding some
at least a new chapter do you know
what's the hardest thing in the world
imagine you're me for a moment and your
publisher has asked you to write an
update in an updated chapter for your
book when Bigley for the paperback
version when that comes out many months
from now um how do you do an update on
the topic of Trump because every time I
sit down to start writing I think to
myself I'd better check the news because
I think everything's already changed
like by lunchtime everything I've
written will be obsolete I don't know
how to write it until the last minute so
I'm just waiting to the last minute
before I write anything
Kiernan has been debunked he should have
been debunked yeah someday we'll find
out who q anon is but I don't think you
should assume those predictions are
accurate update with the Charlottesville
hoax well I think people are becoming a
little more open-minded to the idea that
they could have seen things wrong so the
audio illusions the the Trump saying
that the ms-13 are animals and people
hearing it the wrong way I think people
are starting to see some examples of how
wrong they were how wrong they were that
Trump would you know crash the economy
that you would be bad for North Korea
all the things that people thought were
true yeah all the things that people
thought were true they're seeing they
were wrong and that that's going to help
alright I'm going to sign off and do
something else I'm working on a another
whiteboard presentation I might do to
this afternoon we'll see bye for now