[Music]
boom-boom-boom-boom
hey everybody come on in here did all of
you see the there's a couple of great
memes car paid anthem has a great one
that I tweeted yesterday you gotta check
that out about who's scarier the the
accused or the accusers also check out
if you haven't seen the the funny video
of Sarah Sanders with words added to her
or lip sync during a during a press
briefing you have to watch that if you
don't do anything else this weekend go
to my Twitter feed or you could just
google it and there's a Sarah Sanders
meme video in which words are added to
her lips and it is the funniest freakin
thing you've ever seen in your life do
not miss that alright
we have lots of things to do but
probably nothing more important than the
simultaneous sip it's the weekend and I
know a lot of you have your coffee ready
your tea your beverage in a vessel a cup
of mug a glass and you're ready for the
simultaneous end by the way would you
like a little hypnosis trick alright I
know you do
actually that was a trick to one of the
techniques of persuasion is that you
anticipate what someone is thinking and
you say it just as they think it so what
I said would you like a demonstration a
little lesson on hypnosis I knew a lot
of you thought yes I do
and then I anticipated what you were
thinking and said well I know you do and
here it is so it's always good to
anticipate what the other person is
thinking and
that's a technique but the other
technique the one I was going to mention
is have you ever noticed that when I do
the simultaneous app that I often make
it permissive in terms of what beverage
or what kind of a vessel you're keeping
it in
is it a mug a glass a cup or another
kind of a vessel and is your liquid our
coffee a tea or any other kind of liquid
that's actually standard hypnosis trick
because you want as many people as
possible to say oh yeah that's me you
don't want anybody to say oh darn I've
got a cup of tea I can't I can't play
along so whenever you can be as
permissive as possible in trying to pace
the people you're trying to try to make
like you alright that was your bonus tip
of the day I noticed that Jack Dorsey is
going to testify to Congress about all
these social media conservative shadow
banning allegedly and what caught my eye
is that have you noticed this that
Twitter is being treated differently
than Facebook and Google in that an
apple I suppose and that people are
starting to distinguish Twitter being at
least saying the right things about
transparency being willing to talk about
it
in fact you saw jack actually say in an
interview recently that they understand
that Twitter is left-leaning and I think
a lot of people said what oh that seems
refreshingly honest now that's a long
way from everybody getting what they
want but it's a really good step so if
he's talking about transparency he's
admitting that they have a bias he's
admitting there's a problem they need to
fix it he's admitting that the algorithm
needs to have smart people looking at it
to make sure that they have the best
product they could have
and that seems to be making a difference
in terms of the public's opinion of
what's going on here
so we'll see what comes out of the the
Senate hearings September 5th I think
four six six I think I'm not sure what
but you're gonna get a lot more clarity
I think what is or is not possible and
what everybody's thinking about that so
the only point I was gonna make is the
contrast principle it seems to me that
Jack has successfully put some distance
between how Twitter is handling things
and how the other big tech companies
Apple Google and you know including
YouTube and Facebook grant my things so
that's smart
all right let's talk about Trump's many
many legal risks here according to his
critics so we've gotten this far to you
know this day in history and almost that
entire journey what people have been
saying is Trump is dead any moment now
this will kill him well okay that didn't
kill him but this is going to end okay
that didn't end him either but this next
thing this next thing okay that's not
working either okay we got something
else and how many times have you seen me
come in front of you in some public way
we're writing a blog post saying no I
wouldn't worry about this as much as you
think you ought to this is probably not
as big a deal as you think it is I think
we might be in one of those situations
again now the qualifier on this is that
there are more variables and play than
there ever have been so you lose a
little bit of you know ability to
predict as there are more more variables
so there are more people who have
immunity more people talking to more pee
more lawyers more everything so that
always introduces risk and you can't
ignore that but let's look at a couple
of things that look like the big risks
of these days I saw bret baier talking
about this in the video it wasn't too
many days ago that Lanny Davis attorney
for Michael Cohen was saying the michael
cohen had evidence that President Trump
knew about the Trump Tower meeting with
Don jr. and the Russian but now it turns
out that's just not true it's just
simply not true
so one of the biggest things we were you
know if you were a trump supporter one
of the biggest things you are worried
about just a few days ago just wasn't
true just went away
a David Becker of the National Enquirer
allegedly has a safe or it was a safe
but maybe it's moved now a of Trump
related secrets that the National
Enquirer has bought and put in a put on
the shelf just to protect the president
and people are thinking oh man man if we
could get to that treasure trove of
stuff well here's what I think do you
imagine that any of that treasure trove
alleged treasure trove has anything to
do except personal behavior do you think
it has anything to do with crime
probably not this seems very unlikely
because the National Enquirer doesn't
even buy stories like that really I mean
I suppose they have but they're more
about the you know who's seen with whom
and who had plastic surgery and that
sort of thing
so my guess is that there's a treasure
trove of nothing
meaning more stuff like the things we
already know there might be you know
more of it but it's not going to change
the interbase opinion of anything even
if we had access to it even if and maybe
the public will never see it but even if
Muller's team had it they would just say
well that's exactly what we thought
would be in this treasure trove but it
doesn't really help us has nothing to do
with anything legal so my guess is that
the National Inquirer safe full of
Secrets is about as important as
Geraldo's Al Capone's safe probably all
hype and nothing that a lot of a lot of
wishful thinking going on there then
what else we have oh we have is a Lhasa
burrow the I guess he's the CFO of the
Trump Organization he's been there since
Fred Trump
he's the one who knows where as they say
where all the skeletons are he knows
where all the bodies are buried
oh no he's granted immunity he's going
to give it all up it's it's the end of
the Trump Organization and then it turns
out probably he just had limited
immunity to talk about Cohen related
stuff which probably would be a big
nothing because I think we already know
what's going on there so probably that's
a big nothing
now suppose suppose it turned into a big
something so let's say it started small
and you just have limited immunity about
Cohen and that was no big deal but
suppose they used that somehow to
leverage something to get more access to
the Trump private company statements and
documents and tax returns and all that
would that be the line that the
President had drawn for just firing
everybody I believe it was but more
importantly it doesn't matter what
anybody said in the past do you think it
would be a line people are talking about
tax evasion but you know the IRS looks
at tax returns how could how could you
be involved in tax evasion on some you
know some obvious illegal scale when you
file your tax returns every year and you
know that the IRS is looking at them
pretty carefully it seems to me that
would be a tough thing to do and I
suspect that there's you know nothing
big there that that is intentional any
big company's going to have some errors
because there's a level of complexity
beyond which there's just always an
error but that doesn't mean it's much
risk so we could be in that situation
where there's a lot of nothing about
nothing now caught my eye this morning
was a
article that says Trump is latching on
to a popular right wing talking point
about Michael Cohen that experts say is
nonsense
and the right wing talking point he's
talking about is radio radio host Mark
Levin now first of all they describe
Mark Levin as a right-wing radio host I
don't know that's how he would describe
himself so first of all the description
of Levin
I'm gonna guess is not fair
secondly Levin is both he's not just a
radio host he's a television host a
radio host I'm guessing he has books
he's probably an author yes I think how
about we call him instead of a
right-wing radio host why don't we call
him author television radio star
conservative wouldn't that
constitutionalist that might even be
closer
oh it's Levine I thought was 11 okay
we'll call him Levine I'm being
corrected in the comments here so the
the article starts right off by
diminishing his his resume from insanely
impressive you know one of the best
resumes you're ever gonna see in your
life to a right-wing radio guy all right
so now it yeah and is he a lawyer is
that is that true that wouldn't seem
seem to be true so here's the argument
about Levine's arguments so Levine and
and I and Dershowitz notice that they
don't mention Alan Dershowitz in this do
you know why because it's a little bit
harder to call Alan Dershowitz a
right-wing anything so they they cherry
picked first of all you know
Levine isn't the only person saying this
he's just the one that they can they can
label a little bit more easily so you
know where's Alan Dershowitz so leaving
Alan Dershowitz out of this story is
clear by us and by the way I'm reading
Business Insider owned by at least in
part by Jeff Bezos so just so you know
your source and so the argument here is
that it's not Sullivan's argument and
also my argument and dershowitz argument
is that it can't be illegal to spend
money on stuff that makes you look good
just because you're running for office
so for example I've said would it be
illegal for Hillary Clinton to improve
her wardrobe
if she was doing it just for the
campaign okay Levine Levin am I still
saying it wrong love-in I guess
apparently I'm still pronouncing his
name wrong I apologized to mark for
pronouncing your name wrong apparently
700 times in a row but here's the thing
the article just makes the assumption
that Cohen can demonstrate that the only
reason they were doing this pay off is
because of the election how could you
possibly demonstrate that so they so the
article makes an assumption that just is
completely unsupportable and then they
build their argument on the
unsupportable assumption and so since
Levin and and other people don't make
that assumption they get a different
answer and the assumption is that there
could be something that is only only to
make you look good for one reason and
that just doesn't exist it would be a
standard which could never be applied
because as long as there are lots of
things that make you look good for
multiple reasons and you have multiple
good reasons to look good one is to look
good with your wife another is to look
good just because you like how you look
in the mirror so you know let's say you
got your teeth whitened there's no way
this could poss
to be an enforceable law but you don't
see that argument in this article
because there's either some TDS or maybe
some well probably just in TDS going on
and that's the two movies situation it
all all revolves around that assumption
that somehow there could be this class
of things that you know are only good
for making you look good for one reason
that's just not a thing let's talk about
the new attack some have noted Joe
concha I saw him tweet about it is that
if you were to text I'm not text if you
were to google the term mob boss you'll
find that all the anti-trump errors are
suddenly using the phrase mob boss all
at once they all got the the memo now
let me ask you this why would the
anti-trump arse
start calling Trump a mob boss what
advantage does that have well let me
tell you what advantage that has the mob
boss is the one who is first of all
subject to a Rico investigation which
would be you know a more intrusive
dangerous investigation so it might be
trying to trying to influence the
investigation somehow but more
importantly mob boss is wait for it the
person who doesn't have any evidence
against them because the mob boss is the
one who whispers to the lieutenant's go
do this bad thing and then if the crime
is committed the only people who have
fingerprints on it are the people who
committed it and they can't they can't
attach it to the mob boss so calling
Trump a mob boss is an acknowledgment
that there's no direct evidence of Trump
being involved in something criminal
right
you wouldn't bother using this
particular label unless you had already
conceded there's no direct evidence of
Trump being involved in anything illegal
you just wouldn't do it
so if the anti-trump errs are looking
for a way to get him impeached which is
a lower standard than any legal problems
they would try to reframe him as a mob
boss so that it would make perfect sense
why there's no evidence of any crime so
a mob boss is the only thing you can
think of where we all agree that they're
a criminal but there's no evidence
that's that's what makes them a mob boss
yeah otherwise we just call him the guy
who murdered somebody or the guy who
committed a crime you wouldn't need to
give him a special name of somebody
who's the one you can't get any evidence
for all right so that's and I would say
that mob boss is the new Bigfoot here
Bigfoot is what you see you know that if
some people are seeing Bigfoot and some
are not
my general argument is the one who sees
the positive hallucination is the one
that's got a problem so if somebody is
seeing a mob boss and other people are
looking at it and saying well I don't
see it just don't see it chances are the
one who doesn't see it is the one who's
got the clearer vision it's the one who
introduces an illusion into the reality
oh he's not just a president he's a mob
boss you know something that's like a
new thing added to the to the
environment is usually the hallucination
or the way I like to say it is have you
ever heard of somebody having a
hallucination where they walked into
their living room and they couldn't see
the couch everything else was there it
just looked like an empty room there was
no furniture in it
that's not how hallucinations work they
don't subtract things from the
environment they add things they add a
ghost they add a UFO they had
foot they add the Loch Ness monster so
look for who's adding something as long
as you know they could be adding
something real if everybody can see it
once it's added all right so it's
different if you're adding something
that everybody can see but if you're
adding something that only half of the
people can see probably that's a Bigfoot
situation going on there let's talk
about the China and North Korea
situation so as you know we're having
these tense discussions with China about
trade but at the same time we're trying
to get something done with North Korea
it seems that China was letting North
Korea cheat on its sanctions as they may
have been tied into our negotiations on
trade President Trump just took that off
the table by saying that Pompeyo was not
going to go back to North Korea right
away apparently there was some talk of
Pompeo going and meeting again because
there hadn't been enough progress on
denuclearization and that probably has
to do with China's getting a little a
little permissive with North Korea to
possibly put a little pressure on the
United States on trade so the president
has done what any good negotiator would
do there was a variable in the
negotiations that was problematic which
was North Korea and so he just took it
off the table and he said oh well okay
you know North Korea isn't testing any
weapons there's you know we're kind of
in a steady state there let's just take
it off the table
and let's get this China stuff taken
care of first so by putting them first
this one and then this one instead of
let's do them at the same time the
president decoupled them a little bit
anyway and so that he can just negotiate
entry so it was exactly the right thing
to do
but of course it'll be reported as you
know another crazy unstable sign of
things not working but of course it was
exactly the right thing to do
did I watch Brendan on Maura last night
I did not but I might go back and look
at that because that sounds like it
would be interesting let's say I saw a
report that you all know that there's a
Jared Kushner is working on prison
reform so there's some kind of a big
prison reform bill that seems to I think
the emphasis on is on training people
who are in prison so that when they
leave they have a skill but that
training would buy them credit toward an
earlier release I think I have that
right there probably more details so
don't don't Bank on what I said about it
but for today's purposes there's a big
prison reform the thing that was
shortened sentences and let people out
in some productive way and a report I
saw that I don't know how credible it is
but it won't matter for this purpose the
report was that the president thought it
would be better to do it after the
midterm does that sound right to you if
there's a prison reform bill and
apparently there are some some
Republicans who are not quite on board
and that may be the issue but does it
make sense to you that you would do a
prison reform bill after the midterm
because I can't see that argument it
seems like before the midterm and
October in particular would be exactly
the time to do it how in the world does
that not get pretty much the whole
country saying woops that's not what we
thought you know this is president who's
probably single biggest problem I think
you would agree he is single biggest
problem in terms of it if you don't
count the attacks which are about is you
know finances and campaign reform and
stuff like that those are really just
political attacks because the people
attacking him they don't they don't give
a fig about any of the things that are
attacking on they're just things they
think will work the reason
attacking him more than any other reason
is race relations prison reform is such
a direct contradiction of that
impression that his critics have that I
can't imagine any good argument for
waiting now I often caution you that my
lack one's lack of imagination should
not be confused with a reason and this
is a perfect example of that so I don't
know a whole lot about this topic but
from the the part I can see I'm just
expressing my lack of understanding of
why is there any reason to wait even if
you tried and failed before the midterm
it feels like the trying would be
important you know if you saw the
president just hypothetically get it
getting behind a prison bill there's so
clearly benefits you know that the black
community and the Hispanic community
disproportionately because there's a
disproportionate number of people in
prison in those groups how in the world
would that ever look wrong how could
that possibly be a bad idea I just don't
know now there might be a reason so when
I say I can't imagine why there would be
or is be any reason to wait on that I
mean it might be that I just don't know
what's going on and they don't quite
have the votes or they there are a few
things they need to take care of or a
few more people they had need to
convince so there might be perfectly
good reasons for waiting then I don't
know but the big picture is that it
would be an enormous wasted opportunity
to wait even if you put it forward and
have failed on the first try
it just feels like the right right thing
to do you know get it out there show
show where your priorities are and if
they're reflective the Democrats want to
shoot down prison reform right before an
election let them have it
all right um let's see what else we got
going on here I think those were the
topics I had for the day what other
topics are you worried about well let me
just wrap up the whole president Trump
Jeopardy thing right how many well let's
just get your opinion tell me in the
comments how high you see the
president's jeopardy let's say legal
impeachment jeopardy right now compared
to the past higher highest is a critical
so some people saying 10 but a lot of
people saying 0 so 0 and low seems to be
25% some saying very high and higher but
do you notice how different these
opinions are so the middle has just
disappeared there's almost nobody saying
well looks like about a an average
amount of risk people are saying zero
and people are saying no no it's a 10
it's it's much higher it's the worse has
been so that the opinions have just
diverged and those are those are the two
different movies no longer do we have a
shared movie in the middle or either
tens or zeroes now on every every topic
okay so he says higher but not
significantly higher yeah so we've been
through this cycle many times where it
looks like the end of the world and then
a week later we think okay that was
nothing or no I guess we heard that
story out of context that was nothing it
seems to me that at least a half of the
country is enjoying something that can
only be called impeachment porn and I
don't think that's I don't think that
description is too far off to you
imagine if you will I'd like to give you
my impression
of a Trump critic who's watching the
news which is mostly fake news these
days talking about the president's risk
of impeachment tell me what this looks
like
all right here it comes this is Dale the
presidential critic reading a story
about the president and maybe being
impeached hmm I think I'll look at the
news today I hope there are some news
about the president maybe being
impeached let's see what we got
don't steal stove there's some news I
[Music]
hope there's another story that was a
good story
now Nancy tell me I'm wrong the people
who have for three years been edged on
this idea and they have been edged for
three years it's like Oh any moment now
the president's just he's out of here
he'll probably be fired or arrested or
he'll be impeached or he'll he'll be
he'll be a no office he'll never win
this thing imagine being edged for three
years and then you finally see an
article by Chris Cuomo that says oh he's
a mob boss
you can't tell me and I mean this in all
serious seriousness this this next point
is dead serious you can't tell me that
the anti-trump are how do I say this
without a double negative I'll say it in
a positive form anti-trump are almost
certainly receive some kind of physical
mental psychological
measure when they read an article that
tells them that the president's going to
be impeached any minute now
it absolutely is
impeachment porn at this point now I
wouldn't use it I would not use a term
that let's say aggressive unless I meant
it literally I mean that literally
when an anti-trump critic reads that oh
there's this new thing
Wasel vergis is talking cullen is
talking every time they read one of
their stories I believe there is a full
body experience because they've been
edged for three years about this this
thing that could be good if only if only
we get that if I only would he gets that
one and P chable
proof uh oh so close huh
yeah there's no way that this is not a
physical pleasure at this point so what
I call it impeachment porn you know it
might be a dry orgasm but there is
something going on that is very
analogous to a physical release and you
know it no there's nobody here who's
even doubting this this for a moment
right
they've been edged for three years on
this topic there's no way that reading
reading about an impeachment coming
doesn't make them physically respond it
guaranteed all right so let's call that
impeachment porn and uh let's see if
that sticks your brother is pissed off
all the time but I'll bet he's a lot
happier when he reads about impeachment
now I have to admit that I have a little
mixed feelings about this impeachment
business because having impeachment
hearings you know or you know starting
there the
whatever that looks like would be kind
of entertaining in a reality-show kind
of way and you know even though it's
completely unproductive be very
entertaining and I think that in the end
probably he would prevail but it would
be fun to watch and I can't ignore that
but I don't wish it I certainly don't
wish it on him it would be bad for the
country bad for the president don't want
it
impeachment fever
somebody said Clinton's impeachment
causes approval to go up yeah let me let
me run this idea past you would
Republican turnout be more or less if
the risk of impeachment were more let's
say the risk of impeachment is high
higher than it is now it looks really
really high if the Democrats win power
what would that do to Republican turnout
now my theory is that people hate and
losing something more than they like
winning something so that the people the
Republicans who thought they had
something wouldn't want to lose it now
look how much the Republicans have to
lose if if the Republicans lose they
don't just lose their president they
don't just lose the policies that they
like they don't just lose all of that
stuff which is enormous they lose
something personally because if the
president is impeached who gets to write
history history is written by the
winners right and history would record
that president Trump and all the people
who supported him
such as me were not cedar bags and isn't
it good that their movement was stopped
just in time so if you want to go down
in history as the Nazis that didn't
succeed don't vote but if you don't want
your reputation to be written in the
history books as the the racists who
tried to take over the country but were
beaten back then you're gonna need to
ride this out and make sure that this
president secures some things for all
the people in this country including
prison reform including better
employment for African Americans and
Hispanics and other groups who have been
disadvantaged in the past so if you want
to get to that better place you're gonna
have to vote the downside for not voting
this time if you're Republican it's
pretty freakin big I'm actually
considering voting just for my personal
safety as you know I haven't voted in
the past or at least not in the past
many years I voted when I was much
younger but possibly for my own physical
safety
I might have to vote yeah I think I
might actually and I would again it
wouldn't be because I think I have a
good idea what's good for the country it
wouldn't be because I favor the
candidates I voted for it wouldn't be
any of that I would just vote straight a
Republican for safety alone I mean
actual physical safety
still going to vote all right I think
that's all I got for now so we've said
enough I've got some work to do you know
we'll talk to all of you Oh before I go
make sure that you check out blight
Authority calm or we're racking up lots
of ideas for what to do in urban areas
and if you'd like that effort to
continue please retweet the site blight
Authority calm and go check it out baby
had some ideas for things and you could
read some really interesting ideas
people have put some great ideas for
what to do with those urban areas and
see what you can do to help out and then
I'll talk to you all later bye