oh yes I know what you're expecting to
get today you're expecting to have the
simultaneous set but today I'm gonna do
something better than the simultaneous
sip ah just kidding there's nothing
better than the simultaneous lip oh I
had you there okay you know how to
participate I know you do doesn't take
much all it takes is a cup or a mug or a
glass this time the chalice the tankard
a thermos of plastic int√©grale a goblet
a vessel of any kind of filler with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous imp go oh do you like
somebody says you got me well well well
I don't know if the news has ever been
more interesting there's just just
interesting news the kind that isn't
terrible it's sort of faked terrible
news you know what about the Republic
yeah probably not
you know we don't really have a lot of
problems or news our news is really just
was whatever's interesting these days
one interesting thing is the the Adam
Schiff parody if you didn't say this is
hilarious
so Adam Schiff who apparently has no
comedic timing of whatsoever or a
comedic sense decided that he would do a
parody exaggerated version of the
president's phone call with the
Ukrainian president and so he simply
added things to his parody that weren't
actually present in the call now here's
the problem as I
often told you one third of the public
approximately that's my professional
estimate about one third of the public
can't tell the difference between the
joke and not a joke actually literally
in my experience over decades of
producing humor and watching the
feedback roughly a third of the public
doesn't have a sense of humor and can't
recognize humor in the wild so what
shift did assuming he doesn't get he
doesn't get fired for it or something
fired meaning doesn't win re-election
but probably turned out to be a really
good move I mean not good for the
country not good for the president not
good for you but good for Adam chef
because he puts that out there a whole
bunch of parody like lies and they goes
whoops whoops I sure wish I hadn't done
that parody that everybody heard and
that one third of the people who heard
have thought it was actually true whoops
whoops
so as mistakes go it was a little bit
too clever persuasion wise so Schiff
gets the win for persuasion you can make
your own decisions about the ethics of
what he did but it worked I hate to say
that it worked let's talk about the word
grifter is it my imagination or did the
word grifter suddenly go from an obscure
word you rarely would ever hear except
on some old-time movie or something to
something that somebody accuses even
other citizens of you've seen me be
accused of being a grifter you've seen
everybody being accused of being a
grifter and I thought the first thousand
times I saw it I thought to myself
here's a new word it's just replacing
whatever the last word was that was an
insult for the president
but the more I thought about it the more
I started to wonder if there isn't
someone especially talented in
persuasion who may have entered the game
and I didn't notice for a little too
long do you remember some of you
remember back in 2016 when Hillary
Clinton went from having no persuasion
game whatsoever she couldn't do a tweet
her message was weak and then suddenly
around May boom it went super strong it
was about the same time that Bernie
dropped out Bernie had the best
persuasion game until until he dropped
out he had the best commercial for
example and he was outperforming
everybody's expectation his but when he
dropped out the suddenly Hillary's
persuasion went weapons-grade and she
started using this word dark and I said
at the time that is a professionals word
that's not a politician word that is
somebody who knows persuasion at a
really deep level who is who's saying if
you say dark it's a new word introduced
to politics you don't hear that word a
lot and it's open it allows people to
read into it whatever is their worst
fears it's a super strong word that
everybody started using at the same time
the Democrats I acute not accused but I
speculated at the time that there was
somebody that I nicknamed Godzilla
because I wasn't a hundred percent
Schumer and I said I think the Godzilla
of persuasion has entered the game this
is 2016 and who I was referring to was
Robert Shi aldini if I'm pronouncing
u''s I always say his name wrong
when I when I was doing my audiobook I
tried to pronounce his name and my audio
producer kept making me say it over and
over again because I was saying it wrong
so however I just pronounced it probably
wrong but I speculated that he had
answered the game
because that word was so strong and it
reminded me of his his teachings that I
thought man I think it might be him the
Godzilla of persuasion the most
effective author about influence of all
time and he was asked by reporters and
others if if he had been helping the
campaign the Hillary Clinton campaign
and his answer was no comment who says
no comment when asked if they're
advising a campaign well make your own
conclusions I would think if you're not
advising the campaign and somebody asks
you if you are there's only one answer
no no there's only one answer if you are
advising a campaign there are two
answers yes and no comment now again
it's not a hundred percent but other
people who who apparently are familiar
with Robert eldini in person have
confirmed in their opinion they say that
it was him so let's say it was is he
back
and so I asked you where did the grifter
word come from
Bernie's back in the race does Bernie
have a little bit of help this time
again does Bernie have Godzilla on his
team or or I think I think you know
chill DeeDee has reached a certain age I
don't know if he's still would have an
interest in directly participating but
would one of his protegees somebody with
similar talents be advising now some of
you gonna say yes got that words been
around forever so I'm only talking about
the frequency of it and how it's being
applied at the moment it's being applied
more vigorously and somewhat thoroughly
by Democrats it feels like a
professional
work and not a politician's work
professional persuader not a politician
and I didn't catch on for a while how
powerful this word is until somebody on
social media accused me of said that the
word was sort of getting under my skin
that it was bothering me and I thought
well you know you're right it actually
does get under my skin it's a good word
here's what's good about it let me let
me call it down for you what's good
about grifter is you don't know exactly
what it means and you don't hear it a
lot in politics so introducing a new ish
word or one worth it were the people now
from another context but moving it into
politics is a real good start that's
what happened with dark it wasn't really
a political word but then it became one
and then you could read all of your
fears into it grifter is like that if
you label somebody a grifter everybody
who sees that label says ah they're
doing something to get away with
something to make money so really
they're but how well I can imagine a
thousand ways that somebody could have
wrote be running some scheme to make
money so because it's nonspecific it's
also not falsifiable
that's the magic if the if the label was
so specific that you could check to see
if it were true let's say you say
somebody who was murder well you could
check did they murder did they not look
at the evidence and maybe you could
falsify it nope no evidence of a murder
so that wouldn't work but if you call
somebody a grifter that means something
different to everybody now others have
said it's not that good a word because
not everybody knows what it means so I
did a little poll on Twitter and last I
checked about a quarter of the people
answering we're not quite sure what it
meant and I'm not even sure if that
matters because if three quarters do
know what it means that's fine
the others might look it up or they
might think it means something bad
also reading their fears into it so it's
this word that's like a like a battery
that's getting charged with everybody's
fears but they're different ones
you know everybody who uses that grifter
label was thinking ah he's making money
this way or maybe it's this way it's
really beautiful so I'm going to start
using the word a lot when talking about
my my my nemesis's what's the plural of
nemesis Nemus I my nemesis's then I'm
going to start using it and deactivate
that word I've got a question about
China and their pharmaceuticals
apparently we get like almost all of our
pharmaceutical base chemicals from China
the stuff that the stuff that we use to
make our pharmaceutical products pretty
much all comes from China that's a
pretty big risk why is it that the
United States can't designate some
industries as security risks and just
bring them home couldn't we say yeah
China will keep dealing with you but
just pots and pans and pencils but you
can't have high tech we won't even let
you touch it you know you we're not even
going to stand in your country with a
new technology and you can have
pharmaceuticals because they're too
important and God knows what you're
doing over there with your
pharmaceuticals there should be some
industries that we just sort of start
picking off highest priority and then
working our way down you know the
technology stuff that would especially
that would have a any kind of a military
a possibility or any kind of spying or
IP theft or any of that those would be
highest priority but right behind him
has to be pharmaceuticals and it seems
like this country could simply say look
we'll we'll give somebody some gigantic
loans government back loans to start a
factory here to make those chemical
precursors for pharmacy
chuckles should be a mattress national
priority to bring this stuff home one of
the many scandals of the day because
there aren't any real scandals so there
were all these mini scandals mini
scandal of the day is that Trump was
recorded in some kind of very private
ish gathering saying that the
whistleblower is almost like a spy and
you know what we did with spies in the
old days and people said to me on
Twitter explain mascot explain them no
let me do this right Dale Dale tell us
what people said to me on Twitter well
Scott explain that explain that mr.
Trump's blaming mr. Trump ologist how do
you explain Trump saying then maybe that
whistleblower is kind of close to a spy
and we used to you know do up to spies
that's what he implied how do you
explain that Trump explainer Scott and
scene here's how I explained it has
Trump shot anybody on Fifth Avenue yet
and are you expecting that to happen
have you noticed that the president
sometimes uses a thing called hyperbole
have you ever noticed the President to
talk tough for effect sometimes for
humorous effect sometimes just to remind
people that he's the toughest one in the
room have you ever seen that first time
you've ever turned on the TV first day
on Twitter it's what he does all the
time if you're if you're interpreting it
as a literal you haven't been paying
attention for the last three or so years
all right
apparently House Democrats will be
holding a quote discussion Friday
unquote adverse childhood experiences
and the Trump administration's policies
and proposals so the Democrats are
holding some kind
a discussion on how Trump is destroying
our children with all of his policies
and proposals that are making them crazy
so the children are losing their minds
because of Trump's proposals and here
again the Democrats are doing something
clever it's actually pretty clever now
it's it's humorously stupid in the sense
that just you know on the surface it's
kind of laughable but it's clever
because it's gonna make people think my
god this monster is destroying the
children and you don't have to convince
most people that something's true
remember politic politics is a game of
millimeters you know everything that you
do is not trying to move the ball all
the way across the finish line you're
just trying to move in a little bit with
everything you do so the impeachment
process is moving the ball a little bit
because they know they're not going to
get an actual impeachment the Ukraine
call moving the ball a little bit
millimeter and this this discussion
about the adverse childhood experiences
of Trump policies and proposals it's not
a big deal but helps move the ball a
little millimeter so persuasion wise
good play
I mean it's despicable but it's
effective so if I'm being if I'm trying
to be objective about persuasion it's
you know Trump isn't the only good
persuader in the game I just talked
about Godzilla for example but the
Democrats collectively are hitting a lot
of you know solid doubles and triples in
in persuasion and this is another one
it's pretty solid
even though it's stupid but persuasion
wise it's not bad it makes you think of
a new frame Trump is damaging the
children now what's the magic trick the
magic trick is that they're redirecting
you to to their frame which is
what Trump is doing is injuring the
children what's really happening what's
really happening is that the press and
the way Trump is covered is injuring the
children the Democrats and their
partners in the press are literally
injuring the children because of the way
they talk about Trump but they have
cleverly decided that the frame is that
it's Trump's fault not the way they
cover him it's obviously the way they
cover him and of course they were
vulnerable when it became clear that
with this Greta sunberg situation it
became a little bit obvious that it was
sort of the Democrats that are scaring
children to death because if you tell
the children well most of you saw my
article in which I was trying to
reprogram children to worry less while
still being productive should the
climate change situation require their
best efforts and ours as well we want
them to be productive but not scared so
I wrote an article to try to do that so
it's very clever of the Democrats to try
to reframe that into the dumbest frame
but it still works not bad not a bad
play I wrote a blog post that I just
posted before I got on here so a lot of
you haven't seen it yet I'm noticing it
just got retweeted by jason Chaffetz
Greg Gutfeld apparently it it's gonna go
viral now you can tell in the first the
first 10 minutes or so I could usually
tell if something's going viral viral in
my case is you know a few thousand
retweets something like that and here's
the argument that I made in the blog
post if you haven't seen it that this
president and I was have has set the
table when he goes to talk to any leader
and here's the question that has not
been asked and I believe I'm the first I
ask it if the president let's put it
this way if there had never been any
such thing as a joe biden or a hunter
biden let's say they had never been born
and didn't exist would it still make
sense
for president trump to withhold funds
from Ukraine beat until the phone call
and the answer is yes yes it would
because what this president knows and
apparently other politicians are just
catching on he knows how to negotiate
and part of that is why he calls setting
the table so that's actually his own
phrase he says you do you set the table
before you walk in so you need to set
all the variables in your favour before
you even talk to the other leader the
other thing is that leaders the leaders
are always negotiating there's no such
thing as a conversation between world
leaders that's not a negotiation it
might be that they're just getting
friendly and pacing each other that's
part of negotiating maybe they're
getting the feel of each other maybe
they're putting in the others mind what
the priorities are they're framing
things all conversations between leaders
are persuasion you want your leader to
be the most effective persuader
in the room so you want your leader to
go in fully armed with the table set
whenever that's possible what Trump does
continuously is he sets the table in the
following ways now that it's more than
one way he sets the table but this is
the way that's important to the story
which is that he makes sure you before
he talks to a leader he makes sure that
leader knows who's in charge so he may
have canceled day he may have cancelled
the deal
he may have withheld funds he may have
taken a little power from Congress
temporarily the temporary part is
important because if he tried to grab
power from Congress forever then you
have a dictator and you have to remove
him but if Congress has approved some
funds who's in charge
Congress right do you want your
president to go into a meeting with a
foreign leader and the foreign leader
thinks I don't who I'm talking to this
guy I only care about Congress because
Congress is giving me the money this is
this guy's just a clown I'm talking to
Trump puts a hold on the money
before he goes and talks to a foreign
leader who's in charge that Trump
trumpets that's the way you set the
table you make sure before you talk to
the foreign leader even if you're not
going to ask for anything during that
conversation you set the table I'm the
guy who controls your funds I'm the guy
you need to deal with I'm the guy you
need to make happy that's how you said
you're president now we give presidents
wide latitude to negotiate because you
want one boss you don't want to send
your president in like like the car
salesmen it's like well I'd have to
check with my boss I can't make any
commitments but better check with
Congress meanwhile you know Congress is
kneecapping and Wally's overseas you
don't want that president nobody wants
that president you want the president to
represent that he's the one or she's the
one you need to talk to you gotta talk
to him like you're the boss Trump goes
into every meeting like a boss so here's
the thing if the if the Biden family had
never existed and there was never any
conflict question whatsoever the
president should show Ukraine and show
everybody else that he's setting the
table and he's going in as the boss now
like I said you don't want your boss to
take power from Congress or from any
other branch of government and keep it
by showing that he has power over it
even temporarily it's pretty good it's
pretty good for you the other question
that the media is completely ignores
because the magic trick of making you
look the wrong way is I was trying to
think what would be a higher priority
for the president in today's time what
would be a higher priority than
protecting the Republic and protecting
our elections against foreign
interference now if we had a war in
progress like a hot war will that be a
higher priority if we had a hurricane
a disaster that would be a higher
priority if we had you know our economy
was crashing well that would be a higher
priority right there are lots of things
that could have been a higher priority
but at the moment most of that stuff is
working pretty well no major Wars
economies well etc I would argue that
perhaps the highest priority that the
president had around that time was
making sure there was no was polling to
win by a large money win by a large
margin the presidency of the United
States the polls say Biden will be in
the next president I know your opinion
will be different but you can't discount
the fact that the polls say at the same
time is public knowledge the Sun is
receiving what seems to be a large
amount of money for us so much of a
resume
not so much did we get a seriously did
we get another periscope glitch try a
try signing off and signing back in yeah
that's getting distorted wow I would
love to think that's all a coincidence
but you probably heard my point the the
point being that you can't have a
situation where the guy polling at topic
for being the next president his son is
taking money from a foreign country
an entity connected with you know the
oligarchs of the foreign country you
just can't have that that's a high high
high high high priority now some people
said well why don't you let the FBI
handle it or whoever handles I don't
even know who would handle such thing
but let's say the FBI for discussion so
why didn't the president just assign it
to the FBI or whoever so that it doesn't
look like foreign interference well
here's a reason
be exactly the same thing if the
president tells the FBI to talk to the
Ukraine it's still the same thing right
it's not that different so if you've
ever had experience with any large
organizations you know it's a complete
waste of time to assign your underlings
to talk to the underlings of the other
big bureaucracy because they won't be
able to make decisions they won't really
know if they're pleasing their leader
because the leaders haven't talked it is
normal business for the leaders to talk
and then you assign your your underlings
to work effectively together but until
the leaders have talked and the
underlings know they've talked can't get
much done you know FBI to Ukrainian
intelligence services or whoever they're
talking to
it just wouldn't get much done so the
president said to his phone call with
zalenski president of Ukraine was quote
a perfect call that's also my opinions
it was a perfect call it was persuasion
perfect he withheld funds as he showed
demonstrated who's in charge as he
should and brought up the highest
priority in the country which is that
are the guy polling highest to be
President as a son who's taking a lot of
money from Ukraine and we're not sure
he's giving value for that how high a
priority is that pretty darn high so the
president goes in sets the table
perfectly brings up one of the top
priorities in the country successfully
gets the president the leader of the
other country to not only like the
country and like like the president gets
along well with him that's good that's
good technique and gets him to agree to
look into our top priority the integrity
of the election and making sure that the
next president whether it's Biden or
anybody else is not being influenced by
foreign government there's no blackmail
potential there
now what would be a more perfect phone
call than that that really was a perfect
phone call he got exactly what he wanted
he did the Publix work it's my top
priority yeah isn't it a high price you
know it's hard to say what's the top
priority because there's so many
important things but is one of the top
priorities to protect the election does
anybody disagree with that so I had to
put it in writing and blog for him
because when I say it on these
periscopes I noted that it got sort of
amplified a little bit but it's just
more portable when he put it blog for
him and people could read it and forward
it around so I did that as a public
service we'll see if that framing
catches on subordinate sounds better
than underlings yeah it does but you
know you want to learn a technique for
public speaking here's a technique for
public speaking I actually used to teach
this line would do presentations for big
corporate groups if you if you can use
the interesting word instead of the
boring word you should use the
interesting one and I use the example of
what would be a better word
for your writing or for you or public
speaking pull or yank yank right it's
just a better word yeah yank has just
more action to it it's it's more
interesting it's got a K sound it's kind
of why there are unusual letters you
know what it means it's just a better
work likewise when I say underlings
I know subordinate is another word for
it it might be the more technical one
which one's more interesting underling
or subordinate Wanderley right it's just
way more interesting and you know what I
mean so peon is more intentionally an
insult and underling
you're not quite sure if it's an insult
or it's just a description of the
organization so that's what makes it a
little more interesting you're like
underling this added an insult
I'm not sure if that's an insult or is
that just a word so that's what makes it
have a little bit extra yeah a little
extra in it alright so make sure today
as you're talking to The Grifters who
oppose you that you label them first
label those grifters as grifters today
I'll be talking to a lawyer on the topic
of business defamation those of you who
were wondering what's happening with my
little situation online I will tell you
having a conversation on business
defamation today and I'll give you
updates as we go and don't let the
grifters get you down okay I'll talk to
you later