I'm pumping pumping hello everybody it's
time for your dopamine the end of the
day the best part of the day that makes
all the rest of the day amazing but you
want to get it right better hurry on in
here
grab a seat up front I see you hello my
dude as somebody else says alright
uh-huh I think it's time for you to do
what you came here to do you know what
that is it's a little thing I call the
simultaneous imp it's where your
dopamine starts to go crazy and now
you're so well-trained that you can
almost feel a tingle on your arm when it
gets close not all of you some of you
some of you are ahead the rest of you
you don't have the tingle yet you'll
feel it in the back of your neck a
little bit on your arms as the
simultaneous sip draws near and to enjoy
it all you need it's a cup or a mug or a
glass let's dine the chalice or a
tankard would work perhaps a thermos a
flask if you like hmm
enjoy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous imp extra
good extra good stuff well people are
telling me where they are somebody's
driving to the doctor somebody else says
they're on the toilet right now I'm sure
some of you are working out some of you
are commuting and some of you or just
sitting around drinking coffee but it's
awesome either way all right let's talk
about one more take on Kyle Keshav and
Harvard you know the story Park Lane
shooting survivor
Kyle cashews was accepted to Harvard but
then some text messages from when he was
16 were released in which he said some
offensive things
mostly involving the n-word but I guess
there were some other offensive things
and Harvard rescinded rescinded their
approval of his application so I thought
about this for a day after my initial
reaction and I have modified in my
reaction I've decided that Harvard made
the right decision probably don't want
to hear that right now
and what I mean by that is that
Harvard's obligation is to Harvard
they're they're an entity that is formed
to take care of itself which includes
taking care of its alumni and taking
care of its students it seems to me that
Harvard did what they are obligated to
do they protected themselves at the
expense of someone else now every time
they reject somebody from Harvard they
are also protecting themselves and their
students and alumni at the expense of
other people at the expense of somebody
who didn't get it so I would say that
Harvard I'm going to modify my anger and
say it would have been nice it would
have been nice if they did something
that was not so good for Harvard but
maybe it was a statement about free
speech and how people can change and
private communication and stuff like
that it would have been nice if Harvard
had taken a principled stand but they're
not obligated to take a principled stand
they are not obligated to do that they
are obligated to take care of themselves
and they're obligated to do what's good
for them even if it's bad for other
people and I think that's the choice
they made and I can't begrudge that
because that's what a corporation does
it's what any entity does and things
work better if they do that but that
doesn't make me less angry at the
situation my anger is now 100% focused
on the people who outed Kyle and sent
his private messages from when he was 16
to Harvard and
his life well probably didn't ruin his
life that's an exaggeration changed his
life we'll see if it got ruined
and here's my rule that I I've come up
with a new rule and I think we should
take this new rule seriously and the
rule goes like this that if somebody
takes a piece of communication in this
case it was old text messages if
somebody takes a communication that
existed in one context which is say
private and they move it to a new
context which is public or showing it to
Harvard which is the same thing whoever
moves the context of the communication
becomes the author of it that should be
the rule so that's that's my rule for an
ethical moral way to treat with this and
here's why communication is not about
the words the specific choice of words
is only part of communication what makes
a message a message is first of all
understanding who said it and what the
context was if you don't understand who
said it which is really part of the
context if you don't understand the
context then the message is garbled or
it could be just wrong or different from
what was intended by the speaker so
anytime somebody takes a message there
was an that was crafted for one context
in this case a private context in which
and I don't believe this is disputed I
believe people accept that this is true
the context was 16 year-old kids who
thought they were having a private
conversation with a small group and were
attempting to be as offensive as
possible for their own entertainment now
if you take that communication which was
completely or probably almost completely
acceptable to the people involved
meaning that they understood and this is
very important they understood that the
things they were saying would be
offensive in a different context that's
why they thought it was funny
in other words they understood it was
wrong if you don't get this fact you're
missing the most important point
everyone involved in saying these these
words or even listening to him
everybody who is part of this thing
about trying to be offensive the whole
point of it is that they do understand
it's wrong that's the point
it wouldn't be funny if they didn't all
understand that it was the wrongness
they made it funny but they were careful
to keep that wrongness in a bubble so
that nobody else would get hurt would
you agree that they were trying to keep
other people from being hurt by keeping
it private and just having a private
laugh now somebody decided to take that
communication which was safely walled
off you know in a private group maybe it
offended one of the members of the group
which would be bad and you know that
should be addressed separately but
whoever took that private communication
and changed its context to a public
context is the author of it in my
opinion because that's not the message
that Kyle had Kyle did not have a
message for the public he did not make a
message for the public it's a different
message as soon as has changed context
it's a new author and a new message now
it's blamed on Kyle because he created
the actual words but when they're taken
out of context it's not that message
anymore it's not a message of we know
these are bad words essentially the the
original message would say we know these
are terrible words we know that we would
never want to say these in front of
people who would be offended
so we're saying this is a private little
group because we're having to laugh
imagining how bad it would be if
somebody actually heard these words who
would be offended now so whoever whoever
spread this message should definitely
not get to go to college in my opinion
because they are authors of horrible
horrible words that they released to the
public not only did the releasing
to the public offend a lot of people
because it is should they were offensive
words they were designed to be offensive
but it was bad for the speaker
Keshav so I reserve all of my anger
whoever did that they are terrible
terrible people and they have to live
with that now imagine living with that
imagine being the people who have to
live with what they just did by
releasing that message and becoming the
authors of it they are the authors of it
all right here's another problem I have
we seem to to easily conflate being
offensive with being racist and if we
can't sort those two things out we've
got a real problem because those are
really different things oh they have
some connection sure but they're
different things you can be super
offensive accidentally you can be super
offensive because you said something
privately but somebody took it out of
context being offensive is unfortunately
a normal perpetual state of being for
humans we're all offended by something I
could tell you I was probably offended
by several things yesterday but racism
is a very specific thing and just
because I offend you and you're some
different group some different race some
could be a different gender offending
you is not misogyny it's not racism it
is simply being offensive
we're offensive to to other humans all
the time we can't can plate those things
and I think it's a big mistake we do
that alright let's talk about Iran did
you see that new photos of the Iranian
boat that was taking the the mine off of
the limpet mine off of the the tanker it
turns out we have really good pictures
of those guys I think we probably didn't
want to release the photos because
they're so clear and maybe we didn't
want to we didn't want people to know
how well we know things
but they have been released so when this
first came out I told you that given
that our our intelligence services are
not reliable and let me say that clearly
again our intelligence services are not
reliable they are sometimes right and
sometimes lying to us like crazy or
mistaken we can't tell the difference
but they're not reliable and I want to
say that as clearly as possible doesn't
mean they're wrong all the time I'm not
saying that but they're not reliable and
so when I first came out I said it's a
coin toss 50-50 that this is even true
the way it's reported I upgraded that to
75% when I saw the videos and now I've
upgrading it to a hundred percent and
that's based on the fact that we have
these clear pictures so obviously we
have better information than we first
knew but more importantly Iran has not
denied that that's their boat so if Iran
doesn't at least try to lie about why
the boat was there if they don't come up
with some story some cover story about
what the boat was doing if they don't
even try well that's all you need to
know right because if it really didn't
happen Iran would be you know screaming
that's not our boat or they'd be saying
yes that was our boat but we were
protecting that tanker by taking that
mine off of there they risked their
lives they would say something something
so it's obvious now that it was an
Iranian mine I say that's confirmed at
this point it's obvious that they did
not mean to release oil into the Gulf
it's obvious that they put the mines
above the water level and that their
intention was to cause trouble not to
destroy the entire shipping situation
right away I'm not sure if that person
swearing at me saw some trouble stuff
there so we're moving some forces there
and then Duran is talking about
Scot is so gullible we'll get rid of you
by the way I'm okay with people saying
they disagree with me but when you say
God is so gullible
that's not about disagreeing with me
that's just about me and my new rule is
that there's zero tolerance for any
troll-like behavior so you don't even
have to be a troll you just have to
remind me of a troll and I'm gonna block
you because I can't write well I don't
have to put up with any kind of
unpleasantness it's optional so I just
made that troll go away now when
somebody said I'm being gullible there's
a good chance that they're on my side on
most things and maybe a trump supporter
and maybe even the fan possibly somebody
who bought my books but I don't need to
listen to you tell me I'm gullible you
can give me reasons you can tell me
what's true what's not you can tell me I
got a fact wrong anything you want but
if it's personal you're blocked alright
so the question is where do we go with
Iran where do you go with that because
it looks like it looks like this
permanent stalemate situation and I
still think where we need to go with
this it's probably probably the
president Trump is going to shake the
box again so the variables that we have
do not give us a path for solution
probably we're going to shake the box
and create a new set of variables that
are unpredictable but at least might
give us a better chance so I would
expect the President to shake the box
again but here's what I think these
happen I think that Iran needs an escape
hatch because they can't just back down
that doesn't feel like an option it
would be damaging for them to do that
and they can't win because we won't let
them so what happens if you can't win
and you can't lose well then you have
the situation we have now where maybe
somebody gets nuked someday pretty bad
so you have to create an escape path the
same way the president Trump created an
escape path for Kim jong-un by talking
to him by embracing him by creating you
know creating a path to victory where we
say okay Kim you can stay in power and
will even help your economy you just
have to be friendly so that was a good
escape path because he gave him a way to
win Iran does not have a way to win at
least with its current leadership so I
think the argument should be changed to
Iran why are you so afraid of ideas why
do you have no confident confidence in
your own God because that's what's
happening isn't it correct me if I'm
wrong is this is this an incorrect
statement if a ram thinks it needs to
use physical weapons to spread their
their their beliefs in the age of the
internet isn't that really saying that
their God is weak because it feels to me
that if they had confidence in their own
God it should be enough to have the
internet simply engage in a in a battle
of ideas because gods on your side right
I mean that's the whole idea if God
isn't on your side then the internet
won't work but if God isn't on your side
neither will weapons weapons are gonna
work if God isn't on your side right
if at least if here in Iran you would
think that so let's take the battle off
the battlefield and put it in on the
Internet where it belongs and invite
them to take their best shot at not
describing their truth maybe their God
will help them my favorite fake news
story today was about Jon Stewart and
the 9/11 fund you also the story about
how Jon Stewart tearfully and
emotionally got angry at Congress for
not doing their job to fully fund the I
guess the what we call them the first
responders health problems so Mitch
McConnell finally responded to that and
you know
McConnell's response was we were always
going to fund it yeah do you don't his
response was too wide there were not
many people in the room and not many
people have showed up for John Stewart
because that's normal
they're busy they don't all show up for
everything and by the way they didn't
need to show up for that in particular
because they were all pretty sure it was
going to be taken care of at the last
minute but McConnell McConnell points
out a lot of stuff gets done at the last
minute
in order for it not to be done at the
last minute you'd have to have somebody
opposed to it and there doesn't seem to
be anybody opposed to it if the
Republicans and the Democrats both want
it just hasn't happened yet
but apparently it's going to happen so
that hole the hole we love Jon Stewart
he's come out of retirement he's
fighting for the little people he's
embarrassing Congress none of that was
real it was all fake news it was
complete theater Jon Stewart was
emotionally lobbying for something that
was going to happen whether or not Jon
Stewart was involved at all completely
fake news all right here's a little
shocking thing that happened to me some
months ago I guess last year I did the
23andme DNA tests if you haven't done
this it's worth doing it's a lot of fun
I don't know how good the science is I
don't know how good it is but it's fun
sort of like horoscopes even if it's not
true it's kind of fun so one of the
things that 23andme does which is
brilliant is after they give you your
original your initial results they
continue with emails about new things
they've discovered that they can now say
about you based on your DNA that they
couldn't say when you first took the
test so I keep getting these updates oh
did you know that you have a high chance
or a low chance of being I don't color
blinds or whatever whatever the the new
test is and they sent me a new one
send me a new one and apparently they
can test now for whether or not you are
likely to have a fear of public speaking
that's pretty specific isn't it can you
believe that can you believe that
23andme can tell you your odds your
genetic odds that you're afraid of
public speaking now if you know much
about me you know that I've done a lot
of public speaking in fact I mean in a
sense I'm doing it right now I have so
here's the the point in my story I have
always taken great pride that I could
overcome the fear that other people had
trouble overcoming so I always hear
about people are so afraid of public
speaking that it's very much like you
know it's like death but I always told
myself man Scott Scott you are pretty
pretty awesome because you you know you
what other people can't do this you
Scott have found a way to overcome your
fear you can under come the fear of
public speaking like other people can't
because Scott you've got good character
that's what I thought about myself
until this week when I read the 23andme
result that said that people who have my
genetic makeup are very unlikely to be
afraid of public speaking so here I had
this whole illusion about myself in
which I imagined I had some kind of
strong character attribute which made me
allowed me to see past my fear I could
see past fear like other people couldn't
I was a brave person damn it I'm brave
but it turns out nothing like that it
turns out that I have genes that make me
not afraid in the first place which is
exactly how I feel
there has never been a time in my life
when I was especially afraid of public
speaking in fact never I can I can think
of no time and I've done a lot of it
both of my corporate days and and then
later for Dilbert stuff I did a lot of
corporate speaking etc I can't think of
a one time I was ever afraid of speaking
to tell you how I'm afraid I am of
speaking I once gave a speech when I
didn't know if I could actually
physically speak some of you know the
story I lost my ability to speak for a
few years and just when it was coming on
I'd agreed to a speaking event and I
told the organizers I don't even know if
I get on stage I don't know if I can
form actual words like literally my
vocal cords I didn't know if I could do
that anymore
because I had this speaking problem that
eventually I overcame so I actually had
the experience of having a huge crowd
waiting for me just for me they were
there just for me and I was off stage
and I hear the introduction and I didn't
know if I walked on stage if I could
form words I didn't know and when I got
out there I I managed to get through it
and I formed enough words that they paid
me anyway it wasn't good because this
was the beginning of losing my voice to
the point where I couldn't do that
but yeah so somebody and somebody in the
comments is saying my gosh that's
courageous how brave you are no no
that's what I used to think a week ago I
would have said man I'm a pretty brave
dude because even in the worst possible
public speaking situation I still brave
my way through that turns out nothing
like that happened my worldview
completely completely wrong what
happened was I have a certain genetic
makeup that doesn't excite my a Magdalen
but whatever it is the part of your
brain that makes you go into fight or
flight so my brain is simply not
wired to make my fighter flight and go
crazy when I do public speaking I'm not
brave I'm just a genetic freak amigdala
yes thank you my amigdala so having to
learn this rather disturbing fact about
myself
it's disturbing in the sense that I
thought it was a character advantage and
it's nothing it's just a randomness of
my genetic makeup and that's it so I
just got lucky you know you know in that
one area I got lucky you know I wish I
had been taller I wish I had that her
hair could have been a better looking
wouldn't it be nice as if I had good
eyesight everybody's got something I got
all this bad stuff that I just mentioned
you know and other stuff but this one's
one thing I got lucky just genetic luck
so here's the bottom line I've lost all
self-respect and I mean that in a good
way I've lost all self-respect because I
used to think that everything good I'd
ever done was something about my
character my soul my my personal self my
my ego the thing that made me me somehow
I had thought past my problems somehow I
figured out good solutions where other
people haven't and you know instead as I
wrote in my book had a failed almost
everything and still wouldn't bake we
are just moist robots we are just
programmed and I've got a program that
gives me a certain set of skills and a
program that doesn't give me skills in
other areas that's it that's it
that brings me to some advice well I'm
gonna okay expand on this room a minute
I hadn't planned on doing this but this
is valuable to you I've said this before
but I can't say this enough your ego is
not your friend
most people go through life thinking
that their ego their sense of self the
part they have to protect the part that
makes them think that they are important
they think that that's who they are that
that part of you this says you're
important and keeps trying to protect
you and make you better and make you
better than other people and stuff like
that in truth your ego is your biggest
enemy because your ego is the source of
all your unhappiness unless you're
unless you have a mental problem but if
you're a normal person
your ego all day long is saying hey how
do you compare to that person hey
compared to this person shouldn't you do
something bit different or better to to
improve your ego all day long your ego
is punching you in the head bump bump
bump your ego is not your friend
when you can release your ego and be
just as comfortable being humiliated in
public as you can
winning a contest then you're free right
the Buddhists I think yes and we
mentioned Buddhism there there are
various disciplines in which you try to
get your ego out of it but think about
that just think about that one framing
your ego is your biggest enemy if you
can become free of its control things
don't hurt I'm going to give you I'm
gonna tell you something that you won't
believe if you can control your ego
you won't even experience physical pain
the same way you'll still know it's pain
so you're not you know you're not gonna
put your hand on the stove and leave it
there I'm not talking about that you'll
see you'll understand the feeling and
you'll know that it's pain and that you
should take your hand away none of that
will change but at the moment you can
get to the point where your ego is not
who you are is rather your enemy and you
can push it to the side your body won't
even feel pain in the same way because
the pain is that is the thing that's
telling you to protect yourself the pain
is saying you're special every time you
feel pain it's your ego telling you
along with your body that you're special
you must protect yourself if you move
your ego out of it you still have the
physical sensation without the panic
because you know you're not that special
it's a pain and if if you understand the
pain is something that what we're on its
course
if it's gonna run its course you're not
gonna worry about it and it's not gonna
feel like pain anymore
all right I know you don't believe that
but I want you to understand this is
something I've experimented with I've
researched it's true your ego is your
source of pain it's not who you are and
you should not protect it you should
look to destroy it and the best way to
destroy your ego is to subject yourself
to embarrassment until you get used to
it and you see that it doesn't argue
once you can do that once you can handle
a deep humiliation and embarrassment in
public do you see this I am I'm actually
I'm actually wiping my nose in public
does that bother me I know some of you
were bothered by it right you didn't
want to say it does it bother me no how
many of you could wipe your nose in
public and in the public forum not many
some of the you some of you could but
get there but you want to get there if
it's the best thing I could ever teach
you get to the point where you can
embarrass yourself just as easily as you
can do something great should be the
same should feel exactly the same I'm
close you know you never get there all
the way but I'm close to that all right
the rock you know the rock Dwayne
Johnson he has some advice that the news
is breathlessly reporting so this is the
rocks advice for you he said you should
be your authentic self that that's how
you will succeed the best is by being
your authentic self that is just about
the worst advice you're ever going to
see
so my advice is do not take your advice
from Dwayne Johnson the rock in fact I
mock that advice in at least three books
I mock the advice be your authentic self
the better advice is be a better you do
not be authentic if you were authentic
you would not shave you would not bathe
you would not wear clothing you would
not be nice to other people you would
not go get a job you would not go help
the public you would not do anything
being authentic is the worst fricking
advice anybody will ever give you in
your life never ever be yourself be the
better version because if you look at
who you were when you were born are you
the same person no you're the better
version do you want to be the baby
that's you know messing its diaper and
sucking around a bottle no no don't be
yourself that baby grew up that baby got
a little more maturity got a little
smarter that look kinder got a little
nicer never be yourself work on being
the slightly better version of yourself
and then when you accomplish that work
on being a little bit better than that
always be working on the better version
of yourself and if you can't get there
right away fake it be a big freakin
phony and pretend you're a nice person
because we do program ourselves by our
actions if you simply pretend to be nice
for a year and even if you know you're
just pretending at the end of the year
you're gonna be a nicer person
you can program yourself by what you do
so you are not your ego so when when the
rock says be yourself do you know what
that advice means respect your ego
because your ego is telling you you're
great just the way you are all right
forget the rock and the president is
reportedly going to start deporting
millions of people but we don't know the
details something about the people who
have violated
that violated the order to return I
guess to court so I think the people
that they're targeting are the people
who had been detained at the border and
then said they would return for their
court date but never returned I don't
know about that so that's not I would
say there's still something I'm big you
atieast ori so wait for that story to
form all right i want to give you a an
update on something i said about the
muller report and it's reference to the
stolen emails by russia i I had said on
a periscope that the Muller report
surprisingly does not say that the
russians hacked the dnc that instead
this is what i said i'm going to modify
this in a minute but what i said was
that they used the word in the report
the Muller report used the word that it
appears that it appears that they did
that which I said wait a minute if he
knew they did it you'd say they did it
if you weren't sure they did it you'd
say well it appears they did it so I
said to myself huh it seems like we're
being lied to but then today I read the
actual sentence so this is my mistake so
let me accept responsibility for talking
about a word in the sentence without
saying the whole sentence okay there's
no way to there's no way I can there's
no way I can justify that that was just
dumb I should have seen the whole
sentence and I should have seen the
whole context before I talked about one
word in the sentence when I see the full
sentence I no longer interpret it the
same way okay somebody says it how
embarrassing but do you note that I
don't look embarrassed I did something
that by any objective measure should be
embarrassing and I should feel
embarrassed right now that I do that but
I don't because embarrassment is not
useful and it's it's something that your
ego does to you and I'm not friends with
my ego so I don't care what it does all
right but here's the whole sentence and
you judge and I'll tell you why
I'm modifying my my view the whole
sentence said that unit 26 165 which you
would have to know in context means the
Russian intelligence agency that does
cyber stuff so unit blah blah blah is
talking about Russia basically so the
the Russian officers and here's the rest
of the sentence appear to a stolen
thousands of emails and attachments
which were later released by wickley
WikiLeaks in July 2016 here's what I got
wrong it's a complicated compound
sentence the sentence does not say it
appears Russia hacked us
that's what I thought is said and if I
thought it appears Russia hacked us that
would sound like we're not sure but
here's the full sentence again and you
can see why I was wrong it says the
Russian officers appear to have stolen
thousands of emails and attachments
which were later released by WikiLeaks
in July 2016 here's the problem there
are three claims in that sentence and
claim number one Russia hacked the DNC
has claim number one claim number two in
the same sentence is that it involved
stealing thousands of emails and
attachments that's the second claim one
is that they hacked two is that they
stole thousands of documents and then
the third part which were later released
by WikiLeaks those are three claims so
when the sentence says this what follows
appears to have happened in order for
them to be sure that it happened instead
of saying appears they would have to be
sure of three claims Russia tried to
hack Russia got thousands of documents
Russia gave them to WikiLeaks and
WikiLeaks released them it's entirely
possible that were a hundred percent
sure they're Russia hack the D insane
but we are less sure how many documents
they got and perhaps again less you are
again that they gave them to WikiLeaks
maybe they gave them to somebody who
gave them to WikiLeaks in other words
there could be some unknowns of
the second part of the sentence about
the WikiLeaks part but they could be a
hundred percent sure about the Russia a
hacking part now I'm not gonna change my
opinion to say that Russia did hack it
because I don't find our intelligence
services reliable so just based on
general lack of reliability I would say
you still can't know for sure but I
rescind my comment which had said before
in which the fact that Muller uses the
word appears I said that meant that
maybe we're not sure but when you see
the full sentence it means that the
entire breadth of the the trail is
something we can't be a 100% sure of but
if we know for sure that the hacking
happened and we know for sure that
WikiLeaks released the same documents
they're saying well it appears that way
all right I made the mistake of looking
at MSNBC in which they have a headline
that Trump quote flips out over a New
York report on the u.s. cyber attacks on
Russia
so MSNBC has says that Trump flips out
I'm pretty sure I read that story on
other sources and didn't seem like they
were he was flipping out
this seemed like Trump was being the
Trump he has always been since the first
day we ever saw he he speaks you know he
speaks forcefully a lot about a lot of
things you like some things he doesn't
like some other things is he really
flipping out flipping out isn't news
flipping out is not even an opinion it's
not even backed up by evidence
it is simply it's propaganda all right
now what's funny about this is
apparently the president pushed back on
the idea that the u.s. is using its
cyber forces more aggressively against
Russia now why would the president say
that so the New York Times says we're
getting aggressive aggressive with our
cyber stuff against Russia and the
president says no no that's not
happening well that's good presidenting
because the
should say in public no we're not we're
not attacking Russia he should say that
if it's not clandestine intelligence
operations if you admit you're doing it
now remember I said Oh somebody yeah I
think the president also said New York
Times was treasonous reporting it and I
agree with that characterization because
you should not be outing what your
intelligence services are doing yeah
that's that's kinda treasonous now I
don't want to get you know hung up on
the definition of the word treason but
in essence in essence is disloyal to the
country to out what our intelligence
services are doing if the intelligence
services are acting in what seems to be
the best interests of the country now
you may remember some of you that I said
long ago why is it that people are
saying the president is doing nothing
about Russia's hacking and I said how in
the world would you and I know that that
we were doing nothing about Russia's
hacking because whatever it is we should
be doing about that half of the might be
public
you know like sanctions and half of it
or more should be stuff we're doing it
under the hood and I said that once we
confirmed assuming we did within the
intelligence community that Russia tried
to hack us didn't you think that the
response would be our cyber guys would
go guys and women would go after Russia
didn't you think that we would do a tip
for tat so every time I heard we're not
doing anything about the Russia cyber
attacks I thought to myself no the only
thing we know for sure is we don't know
what we're doing
the only thing that's that's it that's a
hundred percent of what we can conclude
is that we don't know what secret things
are our own government is doing on our
behalf it seemed to me highly unlikely
that we would experience a major cyber
attack as had been reported in terms of
the election and meddling seem highly
unlikely that we would not be responding
in
and now maybe not to damage them
directly but at least to tap them on the
shoulder and say by the way we know all
of your you know we can get into all of
your systems surprise so maybe the next
time you get into any of our systems the
lights are going to go off I'm not
saying they will i'm not saying how we
got into your system oh but do you
notice well do you notice our bots a new
system we're in there so to me it made
perfect sense that what the president
was doing was in public at denying they
were doing the stuff because that's what
you do you deny it in public that's his
job he's supposed to deny it in public
but then he do it hard under the under
the hood seems to be what's going on
there all right
I was reading up a little bit about
thorium molten-salt reactors a lot of
people have been telling me to read up
on that I've been avoiding it because I
figured I wouldn't understand that it
anyway but here's what I've learned
about thorium molten salt reactors so
these are not the kind that we typically
are using in the United States but they
are being tested and I guess we built
one decades ago and tested that the
basic concept works so thorium is
basically something you can get from
dirt so you don't have to look too hard
and you don't have to worry about
running out of plutonium so you can
basically just take a bunch of dirt
that's left over from regular mining
operations and say hey you were mining
for other things but while you were
mining for the things you created a lot
of dirt that you dug out of these holes
can we use your dirt because it turns
out ordinary dirt has enough thorium in
it that you've got all the all the
energy you would need to power the world
as far as we can tell so thorium is a
little bit harder to turn into nuclear
weapons that's good and then when you
combine the thorium with a I guess a
liquid salt is that the right term so
instead of putting it in pressurized
water to cool it
use salt fluoride or fluoride salt or
something like that which has better
properties for cooling without the risk
and like the design as I understand it
is that that if something goes wrong
you've got two containers I'm so I'm
oversimplifying you've got the reactor
and then separately you've got a
container where all the fuel would drain
into it harmlessly if something goes
wrong with the reactor and that's built
into the design so apparently there are
several of these being tested in other
countries because they have more relaxed
standards for this sort of thing in the
United States apparently our regulations
just don't allow it it's just too hard
to do too expensive too hard to get it
approved but we should see this coming
out of China soon maybe India and the
weird and depressing part about this
whole story is that we might have to
wait for China to develop nuclear
technology that somehow we can copy or
steal or buy so that we can do it we've
actually abdicated our leadership in the
most important technology for the future
which is energy now I see more and more
people coming around to the framework
and some somewhere there before me so
I'm not going to claim that I change
people's minds on this the idea that
energy the kind that's produced by oil
and gas and coal and nuclear power and
solar and all that their energy is the
only thing that matters if you get
energy right everything else works and
right now we're not trying hard enough
to get it right so we should be trying
harder than energy can be turned into
money and the money is sort of a
temporary storage of energy and then you
spend the money and it releases energy
in a different place so think about
money and especially crypto currencies
which take a lot of look at Bitcoin for
example Bitcoin the biggest cost of
creating a new
bitcoin is energy electricity so bitcoin
is a direct is a direct storage unit of
energy you use energy to create a
Bitcoin you take the big coin somewhere
you give it to somebody and it makes
them you know creates energy for them to
do something sell you something whatever
they're doing so when you think about
that and you think of energy as the the
primary the same material of the the the
universe it is also good for your
personal life I write about this and had
a failed almost everything is still way
back if you if you are trying to figure
out what to do in your life should I do
this or should I do that should I take
this job or that should I marry this
person or that should I have a family or
not that I find it very reliable to ask
yourself what it would do to your energy
and when you you take on tasks that
elevate your energy because you're
really interested in them for whatever
reason you're almost always on the right
track and when you do things that lower
your energy you're probably on the wrong
track so thinking of energy as the only
thing that matters can be hugely
valuable to your personal decisions for
example you we're all making decisions
about work versus exercise versus your
home life if you make the decision to do
the thing that will give you the most
energy or at least not drain the most
energy you're probably going to be
making good decisions so follow your
energy and you will get to a good place
that's a good general general rule all
right make sure that I have covered all
of my topics believe I have that's a
metaphysical principle well I don't know
if it is I I don't know that it's a
metaphysical principle that following
your energy gets you the right place I
would say I was listening to Jordan
Peterson the other day he was talking
about I had to find meaning and life and
he's quite brilliant at this and one of
the things he said
is that taking on responsibility is what
gives you meaning so if you're not doing
something that's going to help you know
you your family the community if you're
not if you're not taking out a
responsibility you'll never feel this
thing called meaning it's the
responsibility that gives you meaning
it's not your games and your farm and
stuff they have their own use but
meaning comes from stepping up stepping
up and pitching in and doing something
for somebody I would argue that that's
also what gives you energy so for those
people who can go out and let's say work
with the disadvantaged people whoever
they are those people get energy from
doing that because they're feeling
meaning the feeling connection or
feeling that they're doing something of
value so energy is a real good indicator
that you're doing something that is
biologically compatible with your being
so let me tie that together somebody
said it was a metaphysical idea to
follow your energy I'm not talking about
some weird yahya new-age kind of energy
concept I'm talking about how you feel
how's your body feel that's a real thing
all right do you have energy right now
and the point is that when you do things
which are compatible with your
biological imperatives and that could
include reproducing it could include
going to school earning money helping
people it's a whole broad array of
things but you feel them as your energy
as an energy plus and when you think of
things that or maybe temporarily good
for your energy such as doing a drug so
let's take the example if you were to
get drunk it's quite common for drunks
to have a lot of energy while they're
drunk but what happens to you the next
day well the next day you have way less
energy so I would think that all of us
would agree that getting drunk or doing
a drug or something if it temporarily
increased your energy at the expense of
having less energy the next
I think we'd all agree that that was a
negative energy situation net net
negative so this rule works pretty well
if you follow if you pursue energy
you're almost always compatible with
your biological being as long as you're
looking at the big picture of energy not
the not not the energy at the this
5-minute period all right that's all I
got to say I believe I've said it all I
will talk about the fact that yesterday
YouTube do you monetize me yeah
somebody's reminding me to talk about
that so I did a special YouTube
yesterday because I got D monetized and
I wanted to test whether I would be d
monetized again by mentioning one topic
so I did I did mention that topic and I
got demonetised so yesterday afternoon I
did a completely g-rated non-offensive
not even a little bit offensive I made
sure that I did nothing that would even
be slightly offensive and I was
immediately demonetised now I I of
course challenged it because YouTube
gives you an option to have a human
review it they reviewed it and they
written and they reversed it as well as
they've they've also reversed several
other D monetized ones from the back
list they haven't done them all I think
at least one of them they decided they
weren't going to and so so but here's
the question that remains I used some
keywords that probably have picked up
and automatically banned me one of the
keywords that I'm not going to say live
today because this will be my little
test I'm going to spell backwards
because this way it won't get picked up
in the the automatic speech to text the
word that I think might have got me
demonetized I'm going to spell backwards
I Z a and as a neighbor I believe that
because I mentioned them in a negative
light that the the probably the
speech-to-text doesn't have as much
concept of contact
it probably just picked it up and and
probably said Oh anybody who's using
that word is a red flag our advertisers
don't want any part of that might be
that I was worried that it was something
else and I'm gonna test it right now
find people hoax find people hoax so now
I've got a better test if this one gets
demonetised I don't think that YouTube
can see your comments so it doesn't
matter what you say in the comments the
comments don't don't translate over to
YouTube so they don't even see them so
because I've said the fine people hoax
is a hoax it's a hoax that the president
called some individuals in that town
that starts with the letter C
you called them fine people so now we'll
find out if fine people hoax gets
automatically flagged I think you'd
agree that I've said nothing else in
this in this episode this should be bad
right certainly I've said nothing
controversial and I didn't say anything
controversial in the other ones so this
is our test if this one does not get
demonetised automatically it means that
they're not looking at the words fine
people hoaxes but rather they're looking
at that word I spelled backwards so
let's let's test that out and we'll see
so I will talk to you tomorrow