hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and because
this is a special day or Wednesday
I wore my finest sweatshirt yeah I don't
put this on every day not for everybody
but it did it for you and if you would
like to enjoy the simultaneous it all
you need
you know you need probably you need a
cup or a mug or a glass a tanker
chelators tying the canteen jug or flask
of vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoyed me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes absolutely everything including
coronavirus better
it's a simultaneous set go hmm good
morning from Seattle sanctuary Seattle
sounds like you're locked in if you go
out in the streets anti foul will beat
you up and you'll get the corona virus
so so stay down hunker down let's talk
about some corona virus stuff and some
politic stuff etc I've come to a
conclusion that president Trump's
toolset is best used against people in
other words if you say any Donald Trump
President Trump I've got a person that
you need to defeat or you need to
negotiate with them or you need to win
them over and then the president says a
person I know how to deal with people
and then he goes and he does it and he
does it very well the president is
really really really good at getting a
result with people well I don't know
that he's exactly the right person to
have a battle with a virus because you
can't really insult the virus
you can't you can't beat a virus with
you know getting more attention on TV
you can't reframe a virus pretty much
the president's entire toolset is people
oriented so he's struggling on this if
we're if we're being honest I mean I
wouldn't expect you to believe anything
I say good about the president if I
can't also say well in this area this
area is not ideal and I don't think he's
nailing it on the corona virus but as
I've said I don't think it'll make any
difference because it's a weird kind of
crisis in which the president's
involvement is the least important part
I mean if you think about it the
president always has to be the the one
in charge and takes the blame and gets
the credit but how much is the president
actually doing really the only thing the
president is doing is he aside the right
people he's done he closed the airports
early pretty good you know there's no
question about that
closing the airports early good move by
the president but once he's got pence on
board you know I'm sure he gets briefed
a lot but mostly his job is just talking
to the public and this isn't his best
topic anyway I was watching jeopardy
last night and apparently I was I was
one of the questions jeopardy has had me
as or one of the answers or questions
whichever it is so I can't tell you how
weird my life is to turn on television
and watch a Jeopardy question about
myself but that was fun
Van Jones is warning that because of the
primary last night and it looks like
Biden's got a commanding lead that if
and when Bernie fails they're going to
be a lot of people who were really wound
up who lost their champions and I like
the way he put it there they're losing
their champion meaning that they have an
emotional connection to this thing
and that's really unpredictable and as
as he points out there there's a lot of
energy there and there are emotions and
you don't know where that's going to go
so it's very dangerous for the Democrats
somebody is reminding me in the comments
I was saying yesterday that whoever
canceled well I was saying yesterday
that the big rallies should be canceled
now apparently the president doesn't
have any scheduled so the president
didn't have anything to cancel
he was just obviously smart enough not
to schedule anything well whereas Bernie
had to actually cancel something and
then I think Biden followed on and
canceled some other thing and I thought
to myself oh man the president missed
this too he's so good at picking up free
money you know that I say this all the
time if the president walks by a table
and there's some money laying there and
he looks around and it doesn't seem to
belong to anybody
he's usually the smartest one and he
says does anybody have this money this
belong to anybody
no nobody well I guess I'll pick up this
free money and he does it in lots of
different situations and he had free
money sitting on the table for this
situation of canceling big events
because whoever went first looks like
the leader and whoever goes second looks
like a follower so the free money is if
you know you're gonna cancel your events
anyway you might as well announce it go
first and be a leader if forces
everybody else to be a me-too player who
doesn't get as much attention and when
they do it's for being the follower so
the president should have very early
said I'm canceling all my events even if
he didn't have any scheduled he should
have just said you know I'm not gonna
have any more rallies I'll go first
it would have immediately forced Sanders
and Biden to do the same but it was
going to happen anyway didn't everybody
know that the rallies were eventually
giving it canceled if it's gonna happen
anyway take the free money go for
again the the the president missed this
opportunity I think but Bertie took it
now I've said provocatively that Bernie
is having one of his best weeks now you
say to yourself oh god Scott Scott why
do you say that when he just got
hammered
in this latest series of primaries so
Biden took the lead he's got a
commanding lead it looks like the states
that are upcoming or her favorable to
Biden and all the smart people are
saying Biden is just gonna lock it down
but but here's the thing
there's sort of a contest going on
there's a race within the race there's
one race that's the candidate candidates
against the other candidates that's the
one we talk about
but there's another race that's
happening right under our eyes as we all
see it but we haven't talked about it
this way and it's the race to get Biden
nominated before his mental decline
becomes so obvious that it can't happen
and if you've been watching the clips
lately of Biden it's looking like he's
fading fast and that's confirmed by the
fact that his campaign is keeping him
away from the stage you don't put your
candidate on the stage for only seven
minutes yeah if you think he is he's got
the goods right nobody would do that so
it's obvious that the campaign knows
he's failing and failing fast and it's
probably to me - my eyes - my
non-medical eyes and you know I'll put
the caution on that everybody should put
on this which is we're not doctors we
can't diagnose things by looking at
people on TV unless it's so obvious that
even a non doctor could see it and I
think we're at that point I think we're
well beyond the point where you would
have to have a medical degree - look at
Joe Biden and say there's something
wrong now I don't know specifically
what's wrong I don't know how to treat
it
I mean I'm not a doctor but I'm not
blind
I have highs I have a brain I can see
what's happening
you know anybody anybody can see and if
it were your relative you could see it
easily so here's here's the real contest
the real contest is that Biden's support
is growing while his mental acuity is
declining if that crossover happens
before the convention and it looks like
there's a good chance that could happen
there's a good chance that could happen
because there's nobody who doesn't see
it at this point anybody who says they
don't his sort of lie I think it was was
it from fr um I forget his first name
David me who tweeted that you know
people pretending they can see Biden's
mental problems or you know are killing
themselves but that's sort of a
desperate you know last move it's pretty
clear that the Democrats can see it at
this point so if if Biden crashes and
burns before the convention just because
of his own
you know declined do you look at birdie
what if Bernie is still in the race
still has the most votes without being
Biden and Biden's mental faculties
declined to the point where the
Democrats say okay okay we've got to
stop this it's it's gonna be really
close isn't it am I wrong that so what
day is the convention exactly but it
looks like it's gonna be close he might
completely fall apart before he actually
gets on the convention stage now if he
gets to the convention I think he'll get
nominated and that is all about the vice
president so we'll see all right
president Trump keeps being asked
whether he's going to be tested for the
virus because he shook hands at CPAC or
something and his answer is it's just
the worst answer I mean he's just he's
just not
orbing at his usual level for this this
crisis and Trump answers that he feels
fine yeah and I just cringed I was like
oh that's not why you get tested you
don't get tested just because you're not
feeling fine you get tested because
you're the commander in chief and you've
been exposed and it's just a test do you
think somebody in the country could
maybe give up a test so the president
you get tested I think that would be a
worthy trade off we do put resources
into protecting our leader greater than
the resources we put into protecting any
individual and most of us think that's a
good idea
because the leader influences all of us
so here's what the president should say
instead of that terrible terrible answer
that he feels good oh my god that's just
so bad
here's what he should say you should say
I delegate that decision to my doctor
you know the White House physician if he
wants me to get tested I will but I'm
not the experts so I'm not a doctor I'm
gonna let the expert tell me when to be
tested he hasn't told me to do that now
if he said that wouldn't you feel a
little bit more comfortable but when he
comes out says I'm not getting tested
because and and I feel great that makes
you feel like he doesn't understand the
problem because there are a lot of
people without symptoms and that's
really the biggest part of the problem
if the only people who could spread it
were people who showed symptoms we'd be
in good shape because we just say
symptoms stay away from that one so I
don't know I don't think the president
could have done much worse in answering
that question but he should just defer
to his physician next time let's see
what else is going on uh
I feel as if people don't quite
understand this strategy for dealing
with the coronavirus and here's the main
thing you need to know that if we can
slow it down enough it won't overwhelm
our systems and that we're not exactly
trying to save lives compared to other
flus or other problems and we're doing
that too you would of course try to save
lives but that's not the strategy saving
lives is just sort of what you do you
always try to save lives but the
strategy is to spread out the impact so
we're trying to you know do our social
distancing and hand-washing and closing
events and stuff that's not supposed to
stop it well we don't have a problem we
can stop we do have a problem that we
with great confidence we know we can
flatten out the problem and if we
flatten it out and spread it down enough
then the hospitals will not be overrun
the businesses could potentially stay
open and we can we can get through it
with a you know some predictable amount
of pain so it's all about the flattening
of it and you know I didn't I didn't
want to do what I'm gonna do now but on
but I feel like it's a public service so
I'm gonna do it I've been watching Bill
Mitchell tweeting all week at various
various different ways he's saying some
form of the that the panic is overdone
on this virus and that really the panic
is indicative of a political process not
scientific or medical so here's one of
his tweets today so this is Bill
Mitchell
he says h1n1 I guess I was was that the
swine flu it's fancy name
in 2009 infected 61 million Americans 61
freaking million
Cove in 19 he goes on has infected a
thousand
has received 10,000 times the media
coverage they h1n1 received and then
Bill Mitchell concludes he says yes
folks it's all political
now I ignored the first few times he did
this because I liked him you know I bet
on his show and stuff and but at this
point it's sort of a public service that
I stopped this right now
don't you agree because the problem here
and I think most of you can tell is that
he's comparing an apple to an orange
during an emergency and if you compare
an apple to an orange during an
emergency what are the odds you're going
to make the right decisions none right
it's just a faulty comparison and the
reason that you can't compare this
coronavirus to any prior flu is that the
experts have told you unambiguously it
doesn't act like those other ones so
there's other ones were plenty scary and
and it was with great effort that we got
them under control but the experts Bill
Mitchell do not say this one is like
those other ones except a name you know
they're viruses I guess but otherwise
the curve and what it does to you is
different for example the other ones of
affected children this one affects
children far less this one is far more
deadly to old people and maybe more
viral as well well I think some of the
differences are like if you're looking
at a bola for example people died pretty
quickly so they couldn't spread it so
these are just completely different
problems so when Bill Mitchell compares
corona virus which with all of the
effort of the United States has been so
far in the earliest stages held to a
thousand people he's comparing a full
national effort in the very beginning of
a problem to amateur problem that's a
different problem that happened some
other time that's not a good comparison
all right it's just not a good
comparison and if you try to draw a
conclusion from that comparison that
therefore it's all political
you are really damaging
country in my opinion because the
country needs to know that this isn't
like the other ones because knowing that
is what causes you to modify your
behavior if you don't modify your
behavior this is going to be like Italy
so I use the example of Italy and ramp
because they're already there hospitals
are already overrun so we've got some
social media reports from doctors in
Italian hospitals to say that they're
already you know canceling optional
surgeries and if it gets continues to
get worse that are going to be canceling
mandatory surgeries because they only
have so much resources and they're and
they're filled up so we don't have to
wonder if this virus has the potential
to to overwhelm our healthcare system
because we can watch it we watch it
happen in other countries who are not
doing as good a job now the fact that
we're doing a better job than say maybe
Italy was in the United States might
have to do with the fact that we got you
know an earlier start maybe maybe they
got infected before they knew as much as
we did you know there are a lot of
differences they have older people maybe
there's more smoking there could be lots
of things that are different but when
you're watching that the one thing you
do know is that it can kill enough
people to overwhelm your medical
resources that that's not in question
anymore we don't have to question
whether this virus if we let it would
kill more people that our health care
system can handle we don't have to
wonder that's an answered question
because Italy has already demonstrated
that I think Iran - but we have less
information so Bill Mitchell please stop
comparing this to any other flu because
while we don't want to panic we do want
people to know that if they don't modify
their behavior this one is not going to
be as kind as the other ones that's
that's a known fact
and I don't I don't really see this
politically being a I just don't see it
a political thing all right what else we
got going on here
I think I'm gonna recant and take back
everything I said about Russia and oil
prices and Saudi Arabia so you all know
the story that Russia lowered prices and
Saudi Arabia lower prices and there's a
oil price war that could drive our
American shale business into bankruptcy
because shale cost more to produce than
both Saudi Arabia and Russia can produce
so if they pump more oil nobody buys our
shale oil because there's plenty of
cheaper oil to buy instead so what I
said was that Russia was attacking
basically Saudi Arabia and the United
States to take out on our shale business
but I read another opinion from somebody
who seemed pretty smart who decided
that's backwards it's actually Saudi
Arabia who's taking out Russia and the
US shale business and I think well yeah
baby
maybe both are true so whatever's
happening there is a little bit opaque
at least to me
maybe somebody understands what's going
on but I think the u.s. GL business is
in a lot a lot of trouble
somebody says every flu you hear the
same thing so apparently there's
somebody who's still not convinced that
this flu is different let me just take
it down to one one element for you to
check if you think this flu is not as
scary as the media is telling you then
you would have to understand you have to
explain why Italy is having so much
trouble
now sure I get it the Italy has you know
fewer hospital beds and you know they
don't have the facilities of a South
Korea or even maybe China I don't know
or the United States but Italy did not
have their healthcare system crash with
prior flus
so you have to explain why it did if you
can't explain that you have to stop
saying it's the same as prior flus if
you can't explain it please tell the
rest of us because nobody else can
explain it except that the flu is as a
as a nastier nature for extra old people
all right just an update on me because
it ties into this Cove it's tough I've
got some medical procedures up coming
and I'm really concerned because I don't
want to be into a situation where I've
got a surgery scheduled and I don't know
if our healthcare system is still
working but today I'm gonna go get my
head examined literally with an MRI see
if my sinuses can be operated on and I
don't know about scheduling the surgery
now this seems like a dicey time to even
have something scheduled yeah I suppose
if I get through the surgery and and I
get my pain pain meds I'll be okay
because I just have to recover but it's
just a terrible time to have some
unrelated medical problems that you need
the healthcare system to deal with
because you just don't know if it'll be
there in a month Oh at least be there
and available to you it might be crashed
by then we'll coronavirus kill the job
market well the entire economy is
getting depressed because anything that
requires people to leave their house and
spend money is is that risk so there are
tons of people who are gonna lose a lot
of income on this I don't know what's
going to happen but it's a weird kind of
it's a weird kind of crisis because
there are a whole bunch of businesses
that it will do better I mean it's
certainly the grocery and the toilet
paper business are just doing better
right they're not doing worse
so it's a it's a weird crisis and that
some things will do better while some
things will be completely whacked
somebody says have them test for TDs
long they're looking in my head that's a
good idea we'll see if there's a in
their lever removed
yeah somebody says is it possible for
you to wait or is it be better to get on
with it I'll make that decision pretty
soon but it's going to be close the last
thing I want to do is walk into a
medical facility because at some point
there's going to be a crossover we're
going to the medical facility to get
something fixed that was you know
dangerous so you got to get it fixed
might be more dangerous than staying
away from it might be more dangerous to
go to a health care facility and be
exposed to god-knows-what because it's
it isn't yet I mean at the moment I
wouldn't worry about it but we're
getting close you know a month from now
do you think you would go to a hospital
for a regular problem maybe not maybe
not all right
people who have cabin fever after this
yeah I'm starting to get a little
squirrely myself because I I keep
forgetting that I'm not supposed to
leave the house and I find that I'm
keeping score I don't know if you're
doing that yet but I'm keeping score of
how many social contacts I have so if if
in a normal world I would have you know
ten social contacts I'm trying to cut
that down to you know two or three
because I don't have to eliminate my
social contact I just have to get it
down to a number where the corona virus
can spread as quickly as it would
so I've serious my count I've I have
shaken one hand in total since the
coronavirus started or two maybe two I'm
going to go to zero both of those cases
were I wasn't thinking but in other
cases where people have offered to shake
hands I've refused and even walking down
the sidewalk I took a walk yesterday and
somebody was just walking on the
sidewalk in the other direction and we
we did this like really wide passing so
I would think I've got my social
contacts down if I had to guess I think
I've reduced my social interactions by
80% the personal ones somebody says
they're FedEx guy has grown a virus well
that's not good somebody says there's
going to be a baby boom in nine months
maybe all right all the bleach was
caught at the market well my my
supermarket my stores to have everything
except cleaning supplies so all of the
all of the Clorox wipes and stuff they
all disappear pretty quickly but plenty
of food I don't think we're gonna run
out of food all right that's all I got
for now I will go get my MRI and I'll
tell you tomorrow if there's anything in
my head