hey everybody where are you come on in
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams I have my coffee and if
you're anywhere near prepared you can
enjoy the simultaneous up all you need
ask uh promoter guys to sign this yellow
stack you can read my thermos of last
hint in the Grail a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous sip the unparalleled
pleasure the part of the day that's the
best it makes everything better go
first of all let me start off with my
apologies
I literally just woke up literally sort
of literally semi figuratively literally
just woke up
meaning ten minutes ago so I do not have
coffee in my veins except the SIP you
just saw my preparation is poor and I'm
live to thousands of people this is one
of those lessons on the value of
humility I've told you before that
through practice and trial and error
I've learned to damp down my shame
reflux so my ability to embarrass myself
in front of lots of people is is very
high you'll be seeing a little bit today
all right normally I'm at least at least
a little bit prepared but I've got a few
things to talk about they're fun first
of all congratulations to Mike Suraj
like sort of itch being the I believe
the most active aggressive voice on the
topic of a Democrat donor named ed Bach
who had some kind of a history of people
dying in his his home of drug overdoses
that were part of some recreational know
he was having gay sex with homeless
people than shooting him up with drugs
allegedly or something like that
that's roughly the details and and he
just got arrested for that stuff
it looks like he's he's gonna be he's
gonna be in trouble
so Mike's individual was on this from
the beginning and was saying he's gonna
do it again he's gonna do it again he's
gonna do it again I don't know how many
times I saw a tweet from Mike certain of
it telling the world ed buck gonna do it
again could've do it again do something
and he does it again so Mike you're
right again and I say again because Mike
has quite the track record of being way
ahead of people on a lot of stuff
including the presidency
did you see the the clip of Joe Biden
misspeaking and saying that his plan
would help 720 million American women
there are 300 some million people in the
country but Joe Biden's plan is gonna
help sound another 20 million women he's
lost it so combined that the Biden what
would you call it
disintegration that strangely enough
hasn't been affecting his poll numbers
and you have to ask yourself why why our
poll numbers not going down cuz
everybody should be watching what we're
watching right but here's the thing
they're not they're not because most
people don't watch the news I think
correct me if I'm wrong but what
percentage of the voting public do you
think actually watches the news and I
say watches because I say watches
because videos because if you didn't
watch it just reading about it would you
would say oh he just misspoke he meant
72 million or something maybe it was 72
million he meant now if you read it and
you said to yourself hey just misspoke
it wouldn't be much or if you didn't see
it it wouldn't mean much and if somebody
if you've been following the news not at
all and you went up to somebody said hey
you haven't followed the news at all who
do you like for president they might say
Biden because they've heard of him still
so you and I we follow the news right
and we figure that everybody must be
following the news at least a little bit
right it's hard to imagine if you're one
who has following the news it's hard to
imagine wait
are you telling me there's a citizen who
if I went out to them a voting citizen
in the United States and said what do
you think of PEEP go to judge that
there's a very high likelihood they
would say who
think about it they're just they're
probably at least a third of the voting
public who has never heard the name PP
boo to judge wouldn't know who Cory
Booker was vaguely might have an idea
who Elizabeth Warren is from the last
some last election or Pocahontas it
could be that by President Trump giving
Elizabeth Warren so much attention with
Pocahontas it put her in second place in
the polling because that's where she is
she just knocked burning out so it could
be that the president accidentally
boosted her because at this phase with
so many candidates people have heard of
her and they just know that she doesn't
like the president they're like well
I've heard that name she isn't Joe Biden
I know she doesn't like the president
because he's always calling her
Pocahontas that's all I need to know
she's in second place so the latest poll
looks like Warren's new support all K
man of birdie whereas is where we
expected it to happen right so we all
expected that either warm nor Bernie one
of them would have to fall and support
we go to the others and it makes sense
that it would go to the younger person
it makes sense it would go to the
younger woman so you know a female
Bernie isn't much better Bernie if
you're Democrat wouldn't you agree
because they get it two for one they get
these policies but then they get a you
know a chance for a woman president so
it stood to reason that Warren would
eventually cannibalize Bernie and that's
happened so let's say that that keeps
happening what will happen when there's
a little bit more attention on the race
and we get a little closer to the
primaries and people start thinking I'll
I guess I should start paying attention
and then they start paying attention for
the first time and they see these
compilation clips because you know
they're coming of Biden having these
missteps
it's the compilation clips that it's
going to push it off right if they see
him
but also if they just pay attention
because he has so many gaffes at this
point that just watching him in public
is all you need
he doesn't have to have a gaffe per se
because he's so confused and bumbling in
public now it's just obvious he's he's
not qualified anymore so when that
happens where will his support go well
surprisingly Budaj edge popped up into
fourth place just above Paris actually
solidly above Harris so Harris had a
chance to hold the position that's going
to get the nomination probably the
whoever whoever Biden's votes go to
probably gonna win so if all of those
votes went to Harris she would be the
nominee
I'm not saying they will it is my
prediction by the way and I'm only
keeping the prediction because it was my
original prediction it's based on an on
a theory that she hits all the she hits
all the checks all the boxes without
being too offensive so that theory is
still true she still checks a lot of
boxes if she could just stay out of her
own way and stop being terrible which he
could do so I'm gonna keep my prediction
just to be fair I don't think it'd be
fair for me to change my prediction you
know every every ten minutes as the
process goes along but do you think blue
judge legitimately just moved into
fourth place I say no here's why
I say no because um I think that Biden's
votes would more naturally a little bit
more naturally go to Harrisons so I
think that his position is as kind of
close yang I think only got up to 4% so
he's sort of the strongest of the weak
so he's the strongest of the weak now
let me give you some more advice to
table Harris
it excuse me for sipping in your ear I'm
just so tired but almost awake now so I
was listening to Harris talk about the
the AR assault rifle so-called assault
rifle buyback by the way do you know if
they AR stands for I feel like there are
at least three different theories for
what a R stands for it doesn't stand for
assault rifle I heard at least one
person who knows more than I do somebody
says Armalite and then somebody else
that was it
Jack pasaba k-- or i don't want to blame
him if this is wrong so don't believe me
i saw somewhere that the AR stood for
arkansas where it was first made yeah
somebody saying Armalite but beat that
doesn't made I'll call them I'll call
the family of weapons assault rifles so
calmly Harris is joining the the Beto
side that says we'll take your rifles
will will do a buyback now the
implication of the buyback is if you
don't give your gun in the buyback that
the government will come and take your
gun away here's how to fix that nobody's
gonna get elected president saying we're
gonna get it we're gonna go take your
gun
what do you agree would you agree that
nobody's gonna get president become
president period there's just no chance
zero chance of becoming president if you
say we're gonna go take your guns out of
your house period other somebody says
Jack Poe Sabich was being sarcastic
that which sounds right because
everybody always argues about what a are
means so it looks like in the comments
so many of you were so I swear if I were
gonna form an army I would just take all
of you watching periscope because I know
you're armed to the teeth I probably
have the most I probably have the best
armed audience that isn't watching Rush
Limbaugh or something
so so here's the deal people if the
country falls apart I am gonna form a
militia you're in okay so if here's how
it works
if there's an EMP attack we lose all
communication I guarantee that somebody
in the town of Pleasanton can find me
I'm easy to find so you will know where
to report to me you'll have to use Pony
Express to communicate but you'll know
where to report I will be in charge and
it'll be temporary so I'll just be in
charge until we vote all right so I'll
be your emergency militia leader
seriously this is actually a serious
offer I'm not even kidding a bit I will
be your emergency militia officer you
will know that if we all lose
communication that you should find me
and that that'll be your starting point
everybody find me and find a way to
connect to me I will simply coordinator
as best I can with as smart as I can to
stay alive and stay safe
and then once we can communicate better
we'll have something like an election to
see if you still want me to be in charge
of your militia until the United States
sets itself right okay now you don't
have to join of course it's voluntary
I'm just saying what's your other thing
you know what would be your other plan
if you lose all communication in the
country this is serious I'm dead serious
if the country loses all communication
there you know that the trouble goes
down I will be your central point of
contact because everybody can find me
you'll know where I am
I mean you can find California you can
find Pleasanton on an old-timey map if
you get to Pleasanton just ask somebody
where I am they'll be able to find me
all right so here's Camelot calmly
Harris said that she wanted to a gun
buyback her problem is that she is she
is ambiguous about what will happen if
you don't sell your gun back I'm gonna
fix it for her okay I'm gonna I'm gonna
present a plan that you don't like but
that's not the point
I'm fixing her politics I'm not saying
she's gonna do it I'm not saying she's
gonna be the nominee I'm not saying you
like it I'm just saying that she's doing
something incredibly stupid
and with her policy here's how to fix it
I will pretend I'm Camilla Harris and
I'm trying to sell you on a gun buyback
or I'm bad oh and I'm gonna sell you on
a gun buyback here it is this is me
selling it to you people
those are your guns you bought them you
own them you bought them legally I'm not
going to come to your house and take
them away and by the way wouldn't that
be the dumbest thing anybody ever did
there's no way under any conditions in
my administration anybody's ever going
to knock on your home and say give me
your gun unless it's a red flag
situation in which case 90% of the
public is sort of on the same page with
that but if you're a legal gun owner and
I've seen no problem no way any way
anybody's going to knock on your door
period what we'll have is a gun buyback
window it will last I'll just say two
years and for two years we'll pay you
full value for your AR and here's the
catch they will be illegal to use after
that point I'm not recommending this if
you're coming in late this is not my
idea I'm not not my proposal I'm just
describing a proposal that wouldn't be
stupid okay that's all I'm doing
and by here's the deal if you don't sell
it back to us you won't be able able to
use it in public again you'll never be
able to go to the gun the shooting range
you'll never be able to you would never
be comfortable taking it out in front of
you no friends you won't be you won't be
comfortable having it in your car you
just won't be comfortable having it it
won't be the same thing you thought it
was
but what happens if somebody breaks into
your house you still have an AR you
didn't give it up it's totally illegal
you use the AR to defend your home
successfully what happens when the
police show up and there's a dead body
in your living room and your your AR is
leaning against the wall and you say
yeah I didn't give up my AR I kept it I
used it I shot this guy came into my
house the law has to be no charges still
thank you gun unfortunately still take
you gun but the law has to be no charges
if you kept your gun and he killed
somebody anyway you know it insults
offense likewise if there's a mass
shooting in the church across the street
and you take your AR out and you go
across the street you kill the mass
shooter even though it wasn't
self-defense on your part again no no
churches
so if Calvin Harris had that plan and
said we're never going to go to a house
and take it away it will just be a sort
of a worthless thing unless you want to
keep it hidden and somebody attacks your
house and you use it you know or or
let's say there's a let's say there's an
EMP attack and you need to take care
you've gotten to go get I don't go take
care of business in that case it would
also be legal in fact how about this
this would be the most extreme Democrat
plan you'll never see she could say if
we're ever if the country is ever
attacked or there's any kind of a you
know revolution situation you're AR is
automatically legal again how about this
you can put a gun lock on your AR and
keep it if you demonstrate that it's a
certain kind of lock
you know you can keep it at home but you
can never take it out of your home even
with the gun lock now that wouldn't work
does you have to move sometimes you know
sometimes you have to relocate your home
so anyway I'm just moving through the
possibilities in my opinion a gun
buyback could be marginally successful
in reducing the number of guns that a
bad person could get their hands on so
you you know you don't want somebody
living in your home who does not own a
gun who can get a hold of yours that's a
pretty big deal so you know a gun
buyback would reduce the number of
opportunities for that bit of a mistake
to happen how much would that matter
probably not a lot I mean you're
probably talking you're probably talking
dozens of life per year that would make
a difference in the best-case scenario
if all your gun back if your entire gun
buyback program worked how many people
would you expect to live who would have
otherwise died what's your guess let me
ask you this somebody says I'm barking
up at a red herring
I'm pro-gun very pro-gun and I
understand what you're saying you know I
understand that you've got a slippery
slope argument and all that
I'm just working through the thinking of
it I believe I have the only credible
opinion on gun on gun rights in the
country big statement right I'm gonna
say it again I believe I have the only
credible opinion on gun rights because I
have the only complete opinion everyone
else has an incomplete opinion that
probably includes you to see if you can
join me in completing it when I say a
completed you know I don't mean that
it's not complete in your mind it might
be complete in your mind but in terms of
why you're willing to share I've never
seen a complete opinion I'm gonna give
you the first one here's a complete
opinion on guns
I am I favor gun ownership the Second
Amendment and here's the second part
here's the price I'm willing to pay tens
of thousands of innocent American lives
per year if you can't say that you're
not favourite guns
say it out loud say it with me if you're
in favor of guns
say you're willing to pay the price that
some low tens of thousands I don't know
what the number is because you have to
you might want to subtract out the
suicides or whatever so maybe what is it
net 15,000 what's the net after suicide
of gun deaths net fifteen because
remember his net
you have to look at that as as most of
you will as most of you will quickly
jump on and say what about all the
people who are saved what about all the
lives that are saved by gun ownership
Ryan right that counts you can't ignore
all the other people who are protected
by it
you can't ignore them I'm saying there's
a net you know we maybe we've protected
fifty thousand people and it costs us
fifteen thousand not counting the
suicides because that that's double that
number alright so those are those of you
who were pro-gun say it out loud I am
willing to risk including my own you
know circle of friends and family
they're all a risk because we're a
country it's a risky country with a lot
of guns i explicitly accept the risk of
fifteen thousand people who didn't need
to die for the for the right of gun
ownership if you can't say that you
don't have an opinion so I just put that
out there now that said I'm also a
reasonable person doesn't sound like it
maybe but I am a reasonable person and
if somebody could come up with a plan
that when and I'll just speak in general
terms if somebody came up with the plan
that infringed on my gun rights five
percent book had reduced by half the
number of gun deaths
I would listen to that I would listen to
that I would not say oh no no gun rights
are absolutes I would say yeah gun
rights you know the way it's written in
the Constitution is meant to be
something closer to absolute and that's
why I would prefer it perhaps but I'm
also a human I'm also a citizen I have
empathy I care about people dying I just
said it was the price I was willing to
pay that it didn't say I didn't care I
totally care so if somebody can come up
with her idea that has some marginal
little bit of impact on my total ability
to do everything I'd ever want to do
with a gun but it saved 10,000 people a
year
I would certainly listen to that
argument and if you wouldn't I would
question your um your credibility on
this topic doesn't mean I like it but
listen to it alright um corey
lewandowski
how many people saw that how many people
saw the show corey lewandowski
being interviewed by Congress I I
started watching it and I suddenly came
up and I couldn't finish watching it but
I gotta say it was one of the most
entertaining things I've seen in a long
time I said this before how well
president Trump entertains combines
entertainment literally with politics he
does it in a way that makes both of them
better in other words his his jokes are
funnier because they're they're about
real things and we we could relate to
him and they're in the news and they
matter to us and stuff so his real
things and real personalities that makes
it funnier but the part that his critics
don't get is how well he makes the
politics better by adding the humor it
makes us pay attention it frames things
the way he wants to frame them as all
kinds of benefits it brings the energy
you know we've talked about all this but
the thing that is fun about this is how
many people he's influencing
to adopt his his method I would say the
Andrew yang is absolutely influenced by
Trump wouldn't you agree
Andrew yang I think it was Mike sir that
you said that Andrew Yang's his game is
persuasion came anyway
is Trump like but without the anger and
I thought yeah it's Trump like without
the anger what was the part that got
Trump elected well the anger it was the
anger because he was angry about the
same things that his supporters were
angry about which was part of his
persuasion which is part of part of his
of his magic so a drew yang is he does
have all of trumps game except for the
anger and that's why is that 4% if he
added a cure to that he'd be probably
writing about
he probably if Andrew yang added anger
he and he won't and he probably
shouldn't but if he did it's too late
now he'd probably be running a second
because he has enough of a game that if
he added because remember you know fear
and anger those things are and pacing
leading those are so powerful and yang
Yang's doing his own version where he's
getting lots of attention and he's doing
sort of everything positive quite quite
well so if you do everything positive
what's your upside 4% apparently but
oddly enough I'll bet if you polled
Republicans I'll bet if you polled
Republicans and Reagan would also be a
4% what do you think because he's
actually kind of popular with
Republicans just for not being a jerk
most of the time
yeah and for being that see the thing
that makes you trust
Andrew yang in this big pack of
Democrats correct me if I'm wrong but
the thing that makes you trust him is
that he seems like he cares about the
facts
and so even if he disagreed with you
he'd probably show you his facts and you
say I disagreed with that but yeah those
are facts so he's a little disarming
that way every time he does something
rational you say huh okay that was
rational
you're a thousand dollars you can't give
thousand dollars well there will be
robots there will be a lot of robots so
every time you wanna you want to attack
him for his his policy you don't like
you always go a little bit of a point
there it's one of the things I
appreciate about it all right we were
talking about Lewandowski now what was
funny about it was he was clearly there
to stall and make a mockery of this of
the process okay we all agree that
currently with lewandowski's strategy
was simply to make a mockery of the
process and give up nothing we all agree
that's what was happening right now
given that we knew that was what was
happening watching him do it with a
straight face for however many hours he
did it was frickin hilarious all right
wasn't it watching watching Nadler being
watching Nadler being chewed alive by
his own side and the other side and
Corey Lewandowski too was one of the
most entertaining things you'll ever see
and I'll tell you what a question had
answered here's the question that you
know I think I knew the answer this
already but if you ever really really
wanted to know the answer of the
following question so what is it the
Trump season Corey Lewandowski I guess
that was answered what what Trump season
Corey Lewandowski other than loyalty
obviously they're very close what he
sees is that Corey Lewandowski
understands he understands theater he
understands the show and therefore he
understands Trump in a way that I don't
know other people do so Lewandowski
knows how to surf the energy he knows
how to create energy he knows how to be
the show he knows how to use the show in
a productive way
man did he nail it you know because of
the nature of it where he was just you
know resisting questions it's not like
you get in it nobody gives an award for
that
there's no Academy Award for not
answering questions and there's no you
know you can the Pulitzer for not
answering questions but if there were
any kind of a prize for a guy sitting
there with a straight face and making a
total mockery of the system and walking
in if it looking better than he walked
in if you if there was a competition for
that Corey Lewandowski won it yesterday
it was one of the I didn't I didn't
somebody said part two what he wasn't as
good so I didn't see it all so in the
comments those of you who did am i right
there for what he was trying to do I
don't think he could have done that
better that was that was just a plus the
whole way for what he was trying to
accomplish yeah somebody said I thought
Nadler would cry
Natalie looked really bad at that Nadler
just okay everybody say he did he did
well apparently he's gonna run for
office at some point and I think that
will make a difference let's talk about
Iran so I'm a little behind on this
story but I believe this Saudi Arabia is
saying we're not positive that came from
Iran did you hear that
so the United States would say oh yeah
certainly we've narrowed it down to Iran
you know we're very specific about where
in Iran it came from so the United
States is all specific yeah it's Iran
and it came from this place and then
Saudi Arabia who was the one actually
attacked says we're not so sure we
haven't seen that evidence what
well are you saying that we haven't we
haven't shown the evidence to Saudi
Arabia now there could be a reason for
that and I guess Pompey I was going over
there or maybe he's there or something
and he was gonna talk to him in person
it could be that there are some things
you simply can't or shouldn't
communicate in any kind of electronic
way this might be one of those because
it could be that we've got secret
monitoring devices somewhere or secret
human assets somewhere and that if we
told Saudi Arabia we knew they're gonna
ask how do you know in order to believe
it now I gotta kind of have to suggest
that we have some assets that we don't
want them to know about so if that's the
case and that wouldn't be outlandish you
can imagine that somebody would have to
go in person look look the leader of
Saudi Arabia in the eyes and say we know
where it came from and then the leader
says can you tell me how you know where
it came from and you look em in the eyes
and say look I'm not gonna tell you how
we know it but I'm looking you in the
eyes and I'm telling you there's no
there's no question about it we know it
with a hundred percent certainty that's
all I can tell you I'm looking at in
your eyes I promise you on my word we
know this for certain and if you act as
I was true
nothing will bite you in the ass and you
have my word on that now something like
that might be able to communicate
effectively that we do know and that
Saudi Arabia might trust it if they
trust the people because it's a it's a
human business after all
so that could be the purpose of the trip
and P and maybe after the trip Saudi
Arabia will save some version of o the
United States shared with us what they
know maybe they didn't but no so now
we're convinced so that might be the
outcome
here's another theory the United States
is not really good at knowing why things
happened
if you had to weigh the odds of these
two theories one is we don't really know
because it's kind of hard to know you
probably don't know maybe we won't be
able to find out think about it but it
isn't in confidence always the first
explanation for everything when you have
a thing that's sort of a little bit of a
mystery about it you're trying to get to
the bottom of it whether it's Epstein's
death or anything else isn't your first
impression maybe a little bit of
incompetence you remember what happened
when we first heard Epstein killed
himself and most of you probably were
saying they he and somebody got to him
he was murdered it was really a murder
to shut him up
and I said I'm day one well you know
could be murder
but the most likely explanation for
anything you don't understand his
incompetence and then we hear that the
cameras weren't working in this guards
were asleep and all that he didn't have
a roommate
now you still might say Scott's got
shots you fell for the you fell for it
that's all to get you off the track it
really wasn't murder baby remember I'm
not saying it wasn't I'm saying that the
odds always tilt toward mistakes if
there's a mystery always weapons of mass
destruction in in Iraq what was more
likely that we didn't know what Iraq had
or that we did know well we didn't know
so is it likely that we know where some
cruise missiles or Jones or whatever
they were is that likely that we don't
know because I always think we're that
the bad guys are pretty good at
launching those things and keeping them
below radar wouldn't you how hard would
it be let's say we tried to do it let's
say Russia tried to do it well I'll pick
another superpower so let's say Russia
will try to launch cruise missiles or
I think the line between cruise missiles
and a drone this a rocket-powered drone
is is not much or anything I don't know
so whatever they launched do you think
Russia could launch several drone /
those just say drones and get it to a
place in the Middle East without being
detected on radar in a way that tells
where it came from because remember one
of the things you can do with the with
these devices is you can shoot them in
one direction and have them circle
around an attack from the other
direction so it could it be that the
only thing you know is the attack vector
that's the only thing you picked up on
radar so you don't know you don't know
where they came from so do you think we
have the capability to know where they
came from
how many of you think we have the
capability to actually know where they
came from satellite imagery not a night
a lot of people say yes here's my
opinion I believe that we have the
ability to know where some things come
from sometimes because that would be a
better description of any war zone and
you know generally speaking I'm gonna
call the Middle East a war zone right
now all right so if you believe that we
have the capability to know where drones
are coming from do we have the
capability to know where they're all
coming from because that I doubt I
really really doubt we can tell where
all things come from we probably can
pick up a lot of stuff but I'll bet the
people who were were sending that stuff
may have done a test run so they may
have they may have already tested and
found out that they had a an attack
vector that would not be spotted you
know they may have maybe they said an
actual plane not playing they probably
just sent another drone first and said
well we'll send one so you see if they
see it just bring it home okay they
didn't see it with seven ten
so and then just before I got on
breaking news was the Trump was going to
increase sanctions on Iran what does
that tell you what it tells me is that
Trump doesn't have confidence that it
doesn't necessarily I'll say it
necessarily it tells me Trump doesn't
necessarily have confidence that we know
that Iran sent those missiles from
Iranian soil somehow it matters if it
came some came from the Houthis I
haven't figured out why that matters do
you know why would it matter if the
Iranians train and equip the Houthis and
they fire the drones versus Iranians
fire from their own territory should we
treat those as different things
Saudi Arabia wouldn't so then here's the
other thing if it's not Iran who the
hell is it so it's either Iran Iranian
proxies or who who is the other country
that could potentially in your wildest
imagination have been behind it anybody
I haven't heard anybody else even
message right you know people talk about
false flags and stuff but really do you
think do you think Saudi Arabia blew up
their own oil refinery
maybe yeah let me put it this way if
you're gonna do a false flag attack you
could pull it back a little bit right
you could blow up just a few things and
you know maybe kill somebody that you
care about if you're doing a false flag
that would be enough you don't need to
take out half of your industrial you're
not gonna take out half of your oil
output in an oil-producing country
that's a false flag are you would you do
that somebody is saying Israel right
before the election probably not right
before the elections
unless that was the play but I don't
think so
were they drones or missiles yeah I
don't even think we know for sure if
they're drones or missiles if we don't
know that we don't know where they came
from can we agree on that
can we agree if we don't know what they
were whether they were proper missiles
or just drone to some sort if we don't
know that we don't really know where
they came from do we so my my
expectation I don't think I said this
out loud but what is it what I was
expecting is that we would take these
sanctions to draconian levels on the
assumption that Iran was behind the
attack and that we would not get kinetic
with them meaning firing bullets and
bombs and stuff because it's just not it
just doesn't make sense yet if they did
this and if they wanted us to find out
they did it they were trying to provoke
war if somebody is trying to provoke war
the last thing you want to do is give it
to them now somebody smart said that
what they're really testing is how far
this this non-death or can go so we can
we can have a material impact on Iran by
through trade by constricting their
trade
they can't have a material impact on us
doing anything except they've noticed
they could mess with an oil tanker and
we didn't shoot anybody in Iran maybe
they're testing that because nobody died
on the oil tanker and then they attack a
Hoyle facility and didn't kill anybody
so maybe they're testing the theory of
how much stuff they can blow up in trade
negotiations I would feel a little crazy
to me but they're getting a little
desperate when you think now I'm gonna
say again that I'm positive there's some
conversation going on in Iran at the
inner circle level in which they're
discussing
and when to take the Ayatollah out
that's got to be happening because you
know that anytime you have a situation
like this at the very least people are
disagreeing on the best path there is no
way in the world that his inner circle
is all agreeing any more than then
Bolton and Trump and Pompeyo would agree
you can't put people together at that
level give them this high importance of
a question and expect they're all in the
same page because they're not it's not
human it would wouldn't be normal if
they're all in the same page so you know
that some conversations going on in Iran
about the competence of their leader and
his age is going to be part of that
question have you ever met an 80 year
old who's just as good as a 70 year old
probably not so you know they're having
a Joe Biden question over there and it's
probably a serious one and if you're the
United States you probably have some
insight that a little that is happening
and so maybe you let that play out a
little bit let let their process do what
it should which is remove an 80 year old
guy when it's time now I guess he's
Ayatollah for life right so you know it
wouldn't be easy it wouldn't be easy but
they might know what they need to do and
this attack on Saudi Arabia if we go
easy on Iran even let's say we let lets
say this let's say we find out that Iran
was absolutely behind the attack I think
and process of elimination tells us we
probably will reach that point because
wells would have been and so let's say
we reach that point what's our best play
if we attack the ayatollahs support
increases so the day we attack everybody
says darn it look what he got us into
but we got a we got to protect the
homeland so we're all on board now I
don't want to tell us what you want us
to do that might be our worst play the
best play might be to say look what your
leader just did
you've got an old man who just attacked
a country that hadn't attacked him I
mean at least not militarily he just for
you at the risk of complete destruction
but guess what he did destroy you
completely because we're gonna shut down
all of your trade now who knows what
Trump's doing he says he's strengthening
the sanctions and I honestly I don't
know how much we have left that's real
that you can that you can tighten this
would give this attack would give Trump
a full free pass to tighten sanctions to
the point where the public is in serious
trouble you know they're already in big
trouble but there's probably another
level of trouble after that that's
literally starvation and I think that if
this attack is pinned on Iran for good
the smartest play is to squeeze their
economy in a way that we would not have
otherwise and make sure that the
Iranians know that the newest squeeze
the one that hurts even the inner circle
the one the one that makes people die in
the streets that that last squeeze was
because of this attack and if they do
another attack then you take their
economy to the next level and and if you
had to do something kinetic I like using
that cuz it makes me sound like I'm a TV
pundit who knows who knows his military
stuff which I don't but if we did an
attack don't you think we take care a
[Music]
power grid right we probably take out a
power grid and we'd make sure we didn't
kill anybody so I have a feeling that
the Iranian leadership is being squeezed
to make an internal change and that the
way you do that is you don't go and hard
and kill Iranian people you say Iranian
people we're on your side people in Iran
we are squarely on your side because
you're cool because guess what the the
the population of Iran I say this whole
time they are cool they're cool people
love to be allies with with Iran if we
could be if we could someday be close
allies with Iran let's say a non
Ayatollah
that'll be the ultimate outcome that
would be the ultimate and we should and
we can I think you can say there are
countries maybe we could never be
friends with maybe but Iran isn't one of
them you know that it's I think it's in
our DNA that we can get along if we just
get there Ayatollah and of the way and I
think the Iranian people at least the
pro-western segment which is huge would
agree with that statement
so I think Trump is the smartest person
in the room when it comes to this stuff
and what I mean by this stuff is human
nature nobody understands human nature
like President Trump it's what made him
president is what made him successful as
a president it's why he's talking to Kim
jong-un and their buddies it's why he
can go hard on China and still be
respectful very respectful to President
Xi it's actually why you know he was
saying recently respected all the
Democrat candidates because it takes it
takes the Zipp animal if he went harder
at them they'd have more to push it back
against but he's leaving them with
nothing to push he gets yeah I respect
them all they all do a good job so
president Trump understands human nature
like nobody else maybe this is turned
from a a political military situation
which of course it always is to a human
being situation once you reduce the
military problem to a human being
problem the way he did with North Korea
the president simply redefined it as a
human being problem hey Kim come on over
we'll work this out the moment he did
that everything good happened everything
good happened when he redefined it as a
human being problem not a military
problem and now the president will never
be able to be with the Ayatollah I think
we agree right the president no this
president no presidents ever going to be
with the Ayatollah because he I told him
won't do it
and if he did it would be way stunt
but the next leader of Iran is probably
going to be selected in part because
remember it's a selection process if you
don't know how the the process works in
Iran
my understanding is and I'll give you
the the idiots you know the idiots
description this is the dummy's version
so assume all the details are wrong for
the basic idea is that there's some kind
of you know High Council of clerics core
sort of the let's call them there's like
the Supreme Court plus by analogy pad
analogy but they're they're sort of the
leading group they got there through
whatever combination of political
machinations or religious mass Nations
but anyway they're the group that
selects from among their group the
Ayatollah and they have to be supportive
of the Ayatollah for that
I told Tuesday now I presume that once
you become Ayatollah you you take care
of controlling everything to the point
where even your Supreme Council whatever
they're called can't really remove you
very easily you know once you get the
job you're probably pretty bulletproof
but you know they're talking about it
and you know they've got number two
already picked out because wouldn't you
I mean if your leader is 80 you start
looking around saying who's our back-up
plan back-up plan so you know they've
got a back-up plan if the back-up plan
guy is willing to meet with Trump just
conceptionally you know if he became the
Ayatollah and if it were acid if the
situation were right what do you meet
with Trump well then you've got
something then you've got something I've
been saying for a while and it's
actually in my book I hope it doesn't
the reality doesn't change before my
book drops November 5th it's called
loser think it's getting rave reviews
already from early reviewers you will
love it probably be my biggest book but
well as I say I just went to sell book
selling Road and completely lost my
train of thought
oh so what I'm saying is in the book and
I'm saying now is that the Middle East
might be one Ayatollah away from peace
because think about it all the other
countries are either you know not
militaristic directly you know they
might be funding somebody who's doing
some terrorist stuff but Iran is sort of
the big problem
you know Saudi Arabia and Israel seem to
be willing to get along Egypt you know
so most of the Arab countries are
willing to at least live in peace with
Israel which is you know most of the
game right so if you if if Iran were to
come into the VAT let's say the the
nation of people of nation of awesome
people how close are we to that
happening on its own we're this close
because what what is the somebody who
has a second device open Google for me
the life expectancy of an 80 year old
please so just put it in the comments
what is the once you turn 80 what is
your life expectancy from that point
forward five years is that stretching it
five years maybe I would say the the
next five years the odds of him dying or
yeah I mean it could be six months right
it could be six months on average so if
you've got a guy who seems to be the
problem and he's within
I'm seeing lots of numbers here but they
all look like guesses seeing lots of
people saying so this looks low somebody
says 9 for women 7 for men so you might
have 7 years really I'm 91 in the 9.1 in
the US yeah okay so it might be longer
than I thought I think I think the trick
here is that once you reach 80 that
tells the that tells us that there's
something healthy about you in general
so if you reach 80 and you're still in
good health your odds of going a few
more years are probably pretty good so
let's say it's let's say it's seven
years max if it's seven years max it's
probably something closer to no it can't
be an X they can't expect you to live
that long that can't be right
there's no way that an 80 year old is
expected to live seven more years that
can't be right I wouldn't expect it all
right well whatever it is my point
stands if you're 80 there's a good
chance you're gonna be taking the dirt
nap pretty soon the Iranian leadership
has to be talking about that and maybe
they can speed it up because you know
maybe there's a way to retire but
probably if you're the Ayatollah you
can't retire because somebody will kill
you so maybe you don't have that options
all right
so Trump's instinct to push on the
economics instead of to get military and
I'm assuming you won't get military if
if so if nothing else comes to light if
we don't learn a new shocking fact about
this I would not expect him to get
military I would expect him to go
draconian on their economy because you
want them to see that that's the
response yeah you can blow up another
refinery yep you can you can blow up
another refinery and we're not going to
start a war your economy will be
completely done then like completely
will blockade you maybe but we're not
gonna start a war blow up as much stuff
as you want you'll just be destroying
yourself I'm not hitting you you're
hitting yourself I'm not hitting you
you're hitting yourself stop hitting
yourself alright is there anything else
going on anything else interesting I
don't think so I think we I think we got
it done for today alright so that's all
the good news and I will talk to you Oh
somebody says what's the slaughter meter
the slaughter meter is that 100% that
are the odds of President Trump winning
re-election if everything and the
definition of the slaughter meter is
that if everything stayed the way it is
today and we just extend it to Election
Day
would the president win and if
everything stayed the way it is today
yeah he'd win hundred percent so
something big would have to change
between now and then I talked about Ed
buck and
Saudi Arabia just confirmed Iran attack
oh don't go until I check that out is
that because Pompeo is there
look at the headlines here new security
adviser who's the new security adviser
robert o'brien he's a hostage negotiator
okay I don't see it on the headlines
maybe it's on Fox do too yeah I don't
see it I guess it takes well it's
probably on the live news probably on
the live news before it gets to there
all right so we'll check on that and
that's all we have and I'll talk to you
later have a great day