oh Joanne is not the first one in for
the first time
ever must be sick Joanne what's wrong
with you but in the meantime hello
Marcus and Les and Stefan and greenskin
and Donna and Tyler it's good to see all
of
you we got a lot to talk about
today a lot to talk about it's an
interesting day so yes there will be a
white board talk in which in a moment
when we get enough people I will give
you my
plan for Border funding that everybody
will agree with meaning Pelosi and Trump
you think I can't do it well you're
wrong uh solution is at hand and you're
going to hear about it in a few minutes
but first let's talk about some of the
minor news number one MAA Bensi has
apologized for her insensitive
comment uh about Mike Pompeo being a
butt boy that term quite properly being
considered a an insulting derogatory
term for uh gay
activities and Mika has apologized to
the LGBT community but not to Mike
Pompeo to which people say hey she
didn't apologize to Mike
Pompeo and I say that's not who she owed
an apology to because apologizing among
um you know highlevel political people
that's not really a thing because their
job is to criticize each other the fact
that she used an anti-gay slur means
that she owes an apology to the gay
community which she gave she didn't
really owe an apology to a high level
politician for disagreeing with his
performance or his skill or his
character or anything else that's just
business as usual so they can insult
each other all they want that's sort of
what we elected them to do to fight hard
against the other side but throwing the
the gay community under the bus just for
a cheap political comment was over the
line and so I initiated what I call the
48 hour rule 48 hour rule says that if
within 48 Hours you realize you did
something wrong or you need to
clarify and you do within 48
hours that your apology and or
clarification should be
accepted now here's the important part
of the
rule you don't have to believe they're
sincere because you can't read minds the
best we can do is ask for people to act
in a way that's compatible with society
and the greater good and issuing an
apology even if in your secret darkest
brain maybe you don't mean it should be
100% acceptable let's judge people by
what they do not by what we imagine they
are thinking now a number of you push
back on me today because I tweeted that
I accepted Mika's apology now I think
you know that that Meek and I would not
agree on a lot of things related to
politics that's not the issue some
people are
saying that it's a one-sided thing this
48h hour rule and if we allow the let's
say the anti-trump side of the world if
we allow them to get off with an apology
but they don't allow the other team to
get off with an apology it's a one-sided
thing you're basically putting down your
weapons and
surrendering to which I say you're
really looking at it
wrong mutually assured destruction is
what you do when you don't have any o
other
options and certainly going hard at the
other side would only make them go hard
at you so it's just mutually assure
destruction and that's what you want to
avoid but here's the way to look at
accepting an
apology when you accept an apology or
don't that is not a statement about the
person
apologizing that is you deciding who you
are so all of you get to decide who you
are you can decide that you're the
person who's never going to accept an
apology but then that's who you
are if that's okay with you I wouldn't
stop you uh you it's not my business you
get to pick who you
are it is an ineffective strategy in the
long
run I
choose I choose to decide who I am as a
person who will accept apologies even if
I suspect maybe it's not sincere I'm not
going to make that a factor I'm going to
look at what they do and if they do
thing that I hope they do I want to
apply to them the same standard I would
like applied to me if I screw
up I want somebody to say well he
clarified I'm okay with it if I screw up
I want people to say okay he he messed
up but he
apologized that's who I want to be you
could be anybody you want nobody hasn't
nobody's going to put pressure on you
either way but but someday when I screw
up and you know that's going to
happen and I
apologize CU I would if it was a genuine
you know
mistake I want to have the moral
authority of saying
that uh you should be at least as good
as I have been for the past 5 years or
whatever it is by then and say I accept
apologies I would hope you would rise to
my
level and so in the short run if you
accept apologies from the left but they
do not accept apologies from the right
you lose if you think you're on the that
team and your team is getting fired and
losing their jobs and that's bad in the
short run in the long run it's the only
thing that will save the
world because in our hyperconnected
social media world we're all kind of
insulting people all the time and we
don't always mean it we we have so much
contact and we say so many things that
the natural character of communication
is insulting people even if he didn't
mean it and lots of times you did so if
we don't have some kind of a social
rule to handle this without letting it
go off the rails we're really in trouble
in the long run and and so I um I'm
trying to suggest that the 48h hour rule
for an apology or a correction is super
helpful for the future of the
world super helpful I won't ask all of
you to participate you only need enough
people to participate until it becomes
part of the Consciousness all right once
it becomes part of the Consciousness
that it's a thing there is such a thing
as the 48 hour Rule and we do observe
that people are saying okay even if I
may not believe you you have done the
right thing I don't care what you think
you've done the right thing with the
apology
boom all
right um China's economy apparently is
sucking air there's new reports that
they growth is
stunted and that they've even pulled
back on the whole uh
China 20 whatever 50 or what whatever
date they pulled about them dominating
everything so it looks like China is
definitely getting the worst end of the
trade deal and it looks like they're
getting
flexible 2025 is it um and it's starting
to look like President Trump's approach
to
China is
historically
brilliant meaning it might be the the
way it's going it's too early to too
early to you know say how it will
end but if it goes the way it's going
president Trump will have taken his
place as one of the
most
effective uh and important presidents of
all time and we're we're right almost
there we're almost at the point point
where if he got if he were removed for
office tomorrow he would still be the
most consequential president and I will
I will even go this far once president
Trump is no longer
president whatever day that
is even the other side will adopt his
best
practices not not necessarily the insult
part but the day that he leaves office
even Democrats will adopt his practices
and what I mean is tough on trade
negotiations for example tough on the
border for
example now let let us do a little tour
around the world and see which leaders
are doing a better job than president
Trump um all right so we'll we'll just
do a little tour around the world and
see who's doing better is President
Putin doing a better job as a leader
than than president Trump well Putin is
uh his economy doesn't look so hot and
his reputation doesn't look so hot so I
would say president Trump is doing a
better job than Putin I think that's
objectively true how about
China China's economy is going down the
US economy just hit its best uh
employment rate in 49 years now the
stock market is down but that's uh I
would argue that the reason the stock
market is down is because the economy is
so strong now if you don't understand
that statement you need to learn a
little bit more about economics right
the reason that the stock market is down
is because the FED sensing that the
economy was too hot too strong they put
the brakes on and the and the stock
market is just reacting or some would
say overreacting to what the FED has
done the only bad news in the United
States for the economy keep this in mind
the only bad news for the economy in the
United States is the stock market and
the only reason it's low is because our
economy is too
hot too good it was intentionally slowed
down China is not intentionally slowing
down their economy president Trump did
that for
them so I would say that President Trump
is certainly presiding over the best
economy now what about uh let's take
North and South
Korea well interestingly that's probably
a
[Laughter]
tie I would say weirdly enough that the
government of North Korea and the
government of South Korea are probably
operating at the very highest level
right now because they're accomplishing
something that most people thought just
was impossible even a year ago and you
know they're they're taking down borders
they're building rail Railways they've
got commissioners of unification so I
would say if you're comparing president
Trump's performance as a leader to North
and South
Korea they're all doing pretty well so I
would put them sort of in the top tier
at the moment as weird as that
sounds what about Venezuela okay
Venezuela's a Baska case what about any
country in South America or Central
America are is there any leaders there
who are doing better than president
Trump maybe I don't know of any how
about Europe how about great Brit does
Great Britain look like they have their
 together right now not to me no
they do not look like they've got it
together Great Britain's suffering what
about France France literally just had
riot in because they weren't enough like
President
Trump right yeah there there's no way if
you were to compare macron to Trump it's
no contest Trump is clearly the stronger
leader and who made the right choices in
this case uh compared chudo he's getting
slapped around a little bit I think the
president of the United States is
clearly a higher rated leader than him
at the
moment so if you were to look at
president Trump Trump's um performance
by itself you have the luxury of saying
well if some other imaginary president
was here could do even better but we
don't have that comparison there is no
other imaginary president but if you
compare the president oh Poland somebody
said Poland is doing well I don't I
think that's true I don't know enough
about Poland but Poland doing
okay I believe I I need some
factchecking on that so I would say that
U president Trump if you compare him to
the major other leaders is looking not
only good but
preent and super effective take the
Middle
East um well I would say yeah in the
Middle East uh Israel is looking strong
some some of the countries in the Middle
East are doing fine actually leadership
wise but I would say the president is
still top of the the pack of that group
all right enough on that there I tweeted
around an article in which Nancy
Ploy was saying something that sounded
like the opposite of what she's been
saying lately sounded like um she seems
to be all over the map on this but
seemed to say that investigating the
president or talking endlessly about you
know the legal stuff she was downplaying
that and saying that maybe we
should you know get off of that topic
and get on to the work of the the people
now who knows if that will change
tomorrow or whatever but um it's
certainly an indication that the
Democrats or at least the the uh
Democrats were somewhere in the middle
think that it makes sense to get stuff
done they like to get some stuff done
instead of just fighting and I think
that's smart now let me tell you a bad
negotiating technique that Nancy Pelosi
used
uh not recently she said that building a
wall was
immoral but here's the thing in the past
she has supported building some wall and
funding it was it immoral
before the trouble with saying something
is immoral is it's hard to change your
mind after you've said that if you say
something is uneconomical and then
somebody comes up with a way to make it
economical you can say oh okay we found
a way to do it or we have to do it
anyway whatever but if you say something
is immoral and you make that your
principal stand during a negotiation
you've given away your ability to
compromise it's actually a really bad
strategy so I don't know how she
recovers from that but I've got an idea
for solving the border wall funding I'll
get to that in a
minute
um you some of you are following my uh
complaints about
Google Google if you did a search on my
name Scott Adams you would find the a
whole bunch of images uh not a bunch but
in the top in the top six images you
would see photoshopped pictures of
me um photoshopped into a Nazi uniform
and they were the first thing that would
come up on the homage you know if you
Googled my name well uh that's been
fixed
that has been fixed since I complained
about it yesterday I don't know exactly
what happened or who did what but the
homage no longer shows those uniforms
but if you click on images they're still
in the top 10 now it could be because so
many people were clicking on it
yesterday because I I made a stink about
it yesterday it could be that just the
traffic I that I drove to it is causing
those images to come up higher so I'm
going to wait I'm going to wait a
week remember I said yesterday I was
going to wait see what happens because
there was no chance the Google wouldn't
hear about it you know I have enough of
a footprint and it's a big enough issue
it's you know it's ties with in with the
headlines Etc so there was no question
that um there was no question that
something would be done if they found
out about it and wanted to do something
about it and it looks like maybe they
did so I'm going to I'm going to hold
off on on that because there was an
adjustment I don't know who did it or
why or what's behind it but it did
change all
right uh so that's a wait and
see I have a correction within 48 Hours
of my own
mistake I tweeted yesterday that
President Trump was the most Pro lgbtq
president
ever and a lot of people got on me for
that and I said well give me give me an
example and they mentioned um some
transgender examples about the
military what was the other example
something about the military but
basically protections and I thought to
myself good
point I I accept that fact fact
check uh and and I have to admit that
when I write
lgbtq I sometimes forget what the T
stands for that's the transgender part
so if you were to look at only
transgender you you could make a case
well a strong case that Obama was
stronger and that President Trump is
less supportive of that
Community now not without reasons
because if you're talking about the
military and I'm not up on the full
military thinking about what their
reasoning is about
transgender but the military is the one
place in society that we allow and even
encourage
discrimination everywhere else in
society you want to get rid of
discrimination wherever you can but in
the military the since you know
Readiness and defense are more important
than some niceties the military takes uh
tradeoffs that you would not see in the
rest of society so the military is
making a discrimination decision it
seems about transgender and it must I
don't know the details but it must have
something to do with expense or
Readiness maybe there's some ongoing
treatments that you need something like
that uh I don't know exactly the
reasoning but keep in mind that the
military would discriminate against me
if I tried to join the military
they would say you're too old but
everywhere else in society age
discrimination would be a thing right
but not in the
military if I had you know one leg or I
were blind or I were deaf I couldn't get
in the
military and um I want to want to avoid
I want to avoid the problem of acting
like transgender is a military problem
I'm sorry is a medical problem so I
don't want to say it's a problem I think
that would be bad form so uh I don't
want to equate transgender with you know
being blind or missing an eye or
something but in terms of medical costs
they both have a medical cost element to
it um but I'm not I'm not putting a
judgment on it um I think transgender is
a real thing that uh that people have to
deal with in their life so I'm very I
guess I'm very
empathetic to people who are transgender
great empathy uh but the military does
get to discriminate for practical
reasons if their practical reasons are
not good
ones uh they need to change them if
their practical reasons do test out in
terms of Common Sense and expense then
unfortunately they get to continue to
discriminate so it's a special case but
I will say that the president Trump is
the most Pro uh
l LG
president he's he's the most Pro gay and
lesbian president I think that is
objectively true because he's the first
one who came into office you know okay
with uh gay
marriage I don't think that's happened
before um but the the the tea part of
lgbtq um I would say Obama was more
Pro but you have to weigh in you know
what are the what what is the reasoning
behind it and some of it is just
practical it's not it's not intended to
be
discriminatory
um which doesn't help you a bit if you
happen to be
transgender all
right um I would like to recommend that
if youve not already got your Dilbert
calendars and Dilbert books if you have
not bought your copy of wind bigley
hurry up it's Christmas time uh um and
how about I make a deal I'll make a deal
with you I'm going to describe on my
whiteboard how to solve wall
funding I propose that this idea is so
solid that the government will adopt it
that's how strong it is that once you
see it you're going to say oh
that's obvious now and the wall funding
will be done if I accomplish this how
many of you will agree to buy a dillberg
calendar or book or wind
biggly can I make a deal if if I can
solve wall funding in the next 5 minutes
I'm totally serious I'm totally serious
that the idea I'm going to show you will
solve wall funding absolutely it it's
over as soon as I show you
this all right many of you are saying
yes and therefore I will go to the board
here's our
situation when it comes to wall
funding you've got the the Democrats and
the GOP and they have essentially the
same opinion with a little bit of
difference the same opinion is that both
of them want strong border security why
do we know that they say that they say
it all the time give me some strong
border security what do they also say
some of it needs to be wall and some of
it needs to be other do you know what
that is this is two groups that are in
complete agreement
they're in complete agreement does Nancy
Peli know exactly where to engineer
walls and exactly where it would be
better to have offense or electronic
means no Nancy py is not an engineer she
doesn't claim to be an
engineer does Donald Trump who does know
a lot about construction know a lot
about where to build a wall versus where
to use electronic means no he does not
claim that expertise who knows where to
put theall wall and where to put
something else Engineers
Engineers the solution is these two have
to stop arguing about how much is wall
and how much is not because they both
agreed some needs to be wall where do
you put the wall you put the wall where
a wall is the most useful way to get the
job done where do you not put the wall
you not put the wall that's not a
sentence but you don't put the wall when
where it doesn't make sense in those
places you put other is it 75% wall and
25% not or the reverse is it 25% wall
and 75% notot do you know who doesn't
know the answer to that
question Nancy
py president
Trump they're not
Engineers do you know what makes
Engineers different from
politicians all right probably a lot of
of you are Engineers or you know
Engineers what is the main thing that
makes an
engineer different from a
politician
facts I would say it more starkly
Engineers do not lie for a
living in fact if you're an engineer and
you lie for a living I hope you get
fired pretty quickly because you're a
bad engineer Engineers are not going to
build the RO wrong wall for political
reasons that would be very unusual
especially if it's a panel you know if
you had one engineer maybe you get the
wrong one right but if you have a panel
of Engineers and you say look here's $5
billion figure out where the wall will
be and where it isn't and get going do
whatever makes sense come up with a plan
and we won't be the engineers cuz I'm
not an engineer and I'm not an engineer
bam
this is what will
happen might happen right away it might
happen later but there isn't any chance
this won't happen this will happen
because these two are basically an
agreement but they can't get past the
political problem of looking like
somebody won and somebody lost so the
solution is some solution in which both
can claim complete
Victory does this allow them to
both uh for both of them to claim total
Victory yes it does because do you think
president Trump ever wanted to build
wall where it was not economical to do
so no he never wanted that he wanted
plenty of wall that's my own words and
the engineers I'm sure would see that he
got it suppose the engineers said look
we've we've looked at all the options
and we have an even better option than a
wall and they were credible and they
went to the president and said we looked
at you allall we looked at these other
means electronic and otherwise and the
other means are more economical and
maybe get the job done better what do
you say Mr President do you think the
president is going to say no I still
want a wall even though a panel of
Engineers has shown shown me how a wall
is the least effective solution for
maybe parts of
it there is no way that President Trump
experienced in construction is going to
disagree with the engineers all bet in
the history of President Trump's
construction business he's never sat
with a panel of Engineers who were
engineering a building and they said hey
if you don't put this column here your
building will fall down do you think
there's ever a time when President Trump
said yeah I hear what you Engineers are
saying
but put the you know don't put a column
there anyway and then the building fell
down that happen zero
times if you work in construction you
listen to the engineers period period
there's there's no exception to that you
know nobody's going to take that
liability nobody thinks they know more
than the engineers if they're not
Engineers Nancy Pelosi same story so if
they agree to kick it up to a panel of
Engineers you should probably try to get
some some you know liberals and some
conservatives on the panel but I don't
even know if that makes a difference
because Engineers are not going to
engineer a bad solution they're not
going to engineer feelings into their
design and if they did it would be
obvious so they'd have to go back to the
drawing
board this gives both sides a way to say
we got what we want Dem say we don't
want more wall than makes sense Bingo
Engineers give it to him President says
I want all the wall I can
get but no more than is Right Bingo
Engineers give it to him both parties
claim total success get their wall Take
5 billion probably makes sense doesn't
have to be exactly that number but that
probably is the right amount
now now that you've heard
it can you imagine that it will
go can you imagine it will go any other
direction now that you've seen this
solution
do you think it could go any other
way I'm buying books somebody
say um yeah it's impossible to see this
going any other way isn't it and and the
weird thing about this is
that the parties were already in
agreement on the substantive part of it
that we need a bunch of money that it
should be accommod ation of wall and
other things and that the people who are
talking about it are not the ones who
know what percentage should be
wall Pelosi and Trump and Schumer are
actually in complete
agreement and I would think they are
also in complete agreement that they are
not engineers and should not M be making
the exact decision of what's a wall and
what's a fence and what's a electronic
you know kind of technique
um somebody says I see Dems just digging
in all right imagine imagine if you
will imagine if you will the president
Trump or somebody prominent suggests
this plan let's kick it up to the
engineers and stop being politicians
being
Engineers the first person who says that
has taken The High Ground all right
that's The High Ground I you know I talk
about this in Wind bigley whoever takes
The High Ground ends the conversation
because once you have The High Ground
people go oh crap that's The High Ground
imagine if you will it doesn't matter
who says it first Pelosi or Trump or
somebody on their teams whoever says
this first has ended the conversation
cuz for to disagree with
this is just
stupid does anybody would anybody push
back on that
to disagree with this path feels to
everyone who looks at it as
stupid now until you've heard this path
until it's been described you're you
know you're all forgiven for not
thinking of it and in fact frankly I
didn't think about it until yesterday it
took me until yesterday to even think of
this and when once you see it now that
you've seen it isn't it obvious to you
that it's the only way it can
go it's the only solution and it's also
guaranteed it just took somebody to
think of it or to say it and now and now
it's impossible that it will go any
other direction so it might take a while
you know it may may it might be other
words it might be maybe not a panel of
Engineers but it's going to look
something like this all right you know
one of the one of the things that
Americans can agree on
there's so much we disagree on right
that you know we Americans just love to
disagree I I don't know if we're the
most disagreeable Nation on Earth if we
are I'm proud of it because I think it
would be part of the strength but we
love to disagree about stuff and there
are only a few
things that we can completely agree on
if you think about it the United States
doesn't even agree on let's say
respecting the flag you know you think
that would be just is basic but you can
even get disagreement on that but I'm
going to say something that nobody
disagrees with are you ready here's the
one thing every American agrees
with American
Engineers are
awesome that's it it's like the one
thing everybody in the whole freaking
country agrees with American Engineers
are awesome
so let's get some Engineers on the job
let's let's get the politicians out of
the job of
engineering
um uh what's the plan well I just
described the
plan yes we got this see the engineers
are already on the job
they created the Google algorithm they
also fixed the Google
algorithm
um
apparently
so I would say that in the next week
you're going to see this idea Bubble
Up um this is another good example
actually this would be a perfect test
case if you ever wanted to be a test
case for this concept this would be it
so I've said before
that the the government of the United
States has morphed from a republic to
Something in which social media is
really in charge because the politicians
can't really go against social media it
would be too expensive so if social
media forms an opinion that's pretty um
you know weighted in One Direction the
politicians are going to eventually go
that way as well and social media is
influenced by usually good viral
ideas
so if this idea has
Merit it will grow because the this you
know this Launchpad of this Periscope is
big enough that it always gets to the
right people right so I can guarantee
that there are enough people watching
this Periscope who just heard this idea
and just said holy crap that actually
totally solves it and they will either
tweet it or mention it or you know
retweet it or whatever so if it's a good
idea it will
grow and if it grows enough it will be
impossible for the government to ignore
it
um
and and and so this will be a test
because I think you've never seen a more
unambiguously better idea that so
obviously the solution to this situation
if this one doesn't Bubble Up nothing
will so this is a perfect test
case Engineers have The Knack that's a
good call back not everybody knows what
that refers
to um and it's scalable that is correct
is something you could start a
small and you could see how it goes as
you go so you could build a little bit
of fence a little bit of wall a little
bit of
electronic uh whatever I'm not sure what
the electronic fence maybe that would be
the way to talk about it um and you can
see which ones work better and then as
you continue building you take what you
learn from the first Parts you put in
and you say ah it looks like the the
wall didn't work but the electronic
fence did we'll do more of
that
um depends on what goal you give the
engineers the engineers should only ever
be given an
objective keep people out at this
price keep people
out keep people out of the country at a
reasonable
price all
right uh what if the engineers are
bleeding heart globalists well I think
you would have to ask them before you
put them on the panel is it your
objective to build a border security or
not you know I the the thing with
Engineers is they're not good liars and
if you have a panel of Engineers and you
get a couple people in there that are
Bad actors the other Engineers will will
identify them pretty
quickly um what about tunnels well
that's what Engineers have to figure out
they have to figure out what to do about
the tunnels you know one of my ideas was
we should uh here's another idea that's
not as good as this one so apparently
the coyotes charge $5,000 per family or
something like that to take people
across the border what if we charged a
th000 what if we undercut the cartel
price and if somebody came here with
$1,000 they could have you know they
could have spent $5,000 with the coyotes
but if they come here with $5,000 maybe
we put them on a fast track and give
them a
job if they pay us $5,000 that would
have gone to the coyotes the beauty is
that it would starve the
cartels uh and it would it would get
people into a legal process
until and not an illegal process and
they would effectively be buying their
way to um you know some better process
now the better process could simply be
they don't get citizenship but they get
to work maybe they don't have all the
benefits of a
citizen but you would essentially be
using
capitalism to to undercut the cartels
and make their business uneconomical
while using that
$1,000 to pay for the
wall you're welcome yeah and the people
who pay us to come in would simply be
first in line for the jobs that the
illegals would have gotten so the people
who pay $5,000 to a coyote first of all
they've overpaid because it's $5,000
instead of 1,000 and secondly they're
still illegal when they reach the
country country but the people who PID
the United States
$11,000 they don't pay the cartels and
they get into a legal process where
they're a legal temporary worker they
get their money they earn it back
Etc something like that all right that's
all I got for now I'm going to go do
something else and I will talk to you
all later