pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom po
hey everybody come on in here
happy Sunday it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams your host
why does god Adams talk about Scott
Adams in the third person how annoying
that is
when Scott Adams does that well as most
of you know I do it because it makes you
it makes it hard to look away so all the
people who send me messages and say why
do you talk about yourself in the third
person
it's so weird and creepy to which I say
this is why because you can't look away
it's a mistake that holds your attention
all right we're gonna talk about a few
things today we're gonna talk about the
unwillingness to work you know what
that's all about I'll get to that in a
minute
but first I want to read president
Trump's great tweet so he's talking
about the so-called green New Deal that
the Democrats have put out and 15 hours
ago he tweeted this another from the
President of the United States here it
is I think it is very important for the
Democrats to press forward with their
green new New Deal look it would be
great for the so-called carbon footprint
to permanently eliminate all planes cars
cows oil gas and the military even if no
other country would do the same
brilliant now of course he's being
sarcastic and he is framing this in a
way that I haven't seen frame two before
so this is a this is a terrific reframe
of the idea because if you hear their
their idea in isolation hey we want to
save the planet and you'd be good to
people
it doesn't sound nearly as impractical
but the moment you say you realize that
if we do this
and other countries don't do this they
will have a military and we won't they
will have a big economy and we won't the
moment you put it in terms of
international competition the whole
thing is ridiculous
all right now that's the most defensible
argument against the green New Deal we
don't live in isolation the things we do
are influenced by what that will do to
the rest of the world and what the rest
of the world will do to us if we do that
thing so I haven't heard anybody else
put it in this frame which is it's not
practical because the rest of the world
isn't going to do it and they would put
us at a disadvantage to other countries
that's a pretty good argument and a good
reframe now the most fun thing about
about this whole situation with the
green new deal is if you're following
this there are two movies about one
element of the green New Deal and let me
take you to the two buoys and then I'll
pick a winner which movie is closer to
true all right so you got two movies in
one of these movies there was a phrase
unwilling to work which appeared on a
OCS website as part of the frequently
asked questions answers sort of a cheat
sheet to give you a summary of what's in
this green New Deal now the green New
Deal is a separate document from the Chi
sheet so we're talking about two
separate documents right one was on a
OCS website and it was sort of a summary
and then there's the larger document
which is the proposal itself it turns
out they're different in one important
way this phrase unwilling to work in the
context of universal basic income so one
of the things that the AOC website said
for a while until they took it down
we'll get to that so so temporarily a
OSC's website had a summary in which it
said part of the proposal
and it turns out the proposal doesn't
have this in it but it said so initially
that they were proposing a universal
basic income in other words writing a
check from the government to a citizen
who was either unable to work or and
here's the fun part
unwilling to work and when there was a
big reaction to that as you might
imagine they took it down now there are
two versions of reality here and we're
trying to sort out which is the real one
and I'll help you do that in a minute
one version of reality I'll call a movie
one says that the green New Deal did
mean to include a universal income for
people unwilling to work in other words
somebody just had to say I'm unwilling
to work and the government would start
writing them checks and outrageous right
crazy stuff and when they put this and
when people saw this that it was really
part of their thinking even though it
wasn't in the final document people
flipped down and said my god you're
thinking this crazy idea and as soon as
you got caught you deleted it because of
the reaction you know it's only it's
only the reaction you've got too
embarrassed when people saw it see it
took it down and then here's the fun
part
you you tried to Gaslight the public
gaslighting means that you tell them
something that is obviously true is
false until you make them think they're
crazy so so the gas lighting in this
movie is that the people who were behind
the green the New Deal say no no that
was that's not part of the green New
Deal
nope that is that is not that's not
there even though it clearly was in the
document and that has been well
established all right
so in this movie a crazy idea was
floated
when the public saw it they got such a
bad reaction to it they just said no
nope it never happened never happened no
such thing as unwilling to work in the
green New Deal nope did not happen
alright is that likely compared to the
other movie now here's the movie as
described by a OCS
chief of staff his version goes like
this that the the FAQ of the part that
was wrong
there were many versions of it there
were many drafts of the green New Deal
and in one of the drafts at least one
draft at least one author we don't know
how many other people but at least one
person thought that this raised
unwilling to work should be in the draft
but other people did not and it was not
part of the final of green New Deal but
by accident by accident the wrong copy
got on the website and people didn't
notice it until the critics noticed it
and then they said whoops that was an
error that was never meant to be on the
website and indeed it's not in the final
document so you can see that for sure we
didn't mean it and and in this version
they told the truth hey we made a
mistake which of these two versions is
the most likely now I'll tell you the
worst opinion now let me not offend you
right away let me let me let me go after
this a little bit of softer it'll go
down better one of the ways that you can
determine truth from fake news is the
level of ridiculousness of one movie
versus the other if you've got two
versions of events that both describe
what you saw and they both fit the facts
as you've observed one of them is insane
and the other one is perfectly ordinary
which one would you choose as being the
likely explanation for the facts one is
extraordinary
and what is just totally normal well if
you pick the totally normal one you're
gonna be right about 95% of the time
maybe not every time because every now
and then something extraordinary does
happen but if you're looking for
extraordinary everywhere you're gonna be
wrong about 95% of the time all right
let me let me tell you how this movie I
know you don't want to hear this here's
the part you don't like but it's also
the reason you watch these periscopes
movie 2 is by far the most likely
description of events and let me give a
little background on it so you know why
how how common is it for people to have
multiple giraffes and then when the
final one is ready
people don't reread the entire draft
again and you end up with a wrong draft
how normal is it for people to not
realize there's something in the in a
draft that they didn't notice because
they don't reread the entire draft every
time totally normal if you've ever
worked in a big corporate environment in
fact my own job I'm always doing drafts
and and you know looking at versions of
things completely normal that they would
accidentally put a draft up there and
say whoops that they had something in it
that we didn't really mean to be there
so this is far more normal than then
that they then the version that they
intended to put it out there and then
lied about it
right gaslighting is something that the
president is accused of all the time in
my entire life I've never seen a real
situation of gas lighting I've never
seen it I've seen people accuse people
of gas lighting all the time in the past
years though happens all the time
so gas lighting is the most
extraordinary situation and unless you
absolutely are positive that's what's
going on don't ever think that that's
the likely explanation
so as soon as you hear I I'm sure that
this was gas lighting 95% chance you're
wrong and I don't even care what the
situation is you could take the same
analysis to any situation somebody says
although I was just an ordinary accident
and somebody else says it's gas lighting
the ordinary accident is almost always
going to be the real explanation
people don't gas light it's just not a
thing it's something you imagine is a
thing because people are wrong about
things people do lie about things and it
looks like gas lighting probably never
has happened in your lifetime you've
probably never literally never seen it
I've never seen for example now you
probably also or many of you saw a
Tucker Carlson interview in which Tucker
said to a media matters person who was
defending the green new deal said you
know let's talk about this unwilling to
work thing and what did the Media
Matters say he said that's not in there
and Tucker was confused it's like that's
definitely in there I'm reading it it's
right on a o C's website it says it
indirect words and then the Media
Matters guy goes no that's not in there
it's not in the green new deal
turns out the media management matters
guy was accurate the actual document the
green new deal the one he's read it's
not in there so he wasn't gas lighting
he was actually telling you the truth
it's not in there and has never been in
there it was on a overseas web site
temporarily which they called a mistake
and then they took down so what you
thought was gas lighting was somebody
actually just telling you the truth it's
not in the green new deal now he didn't
probably didn't know that there was a
bad version on the web site when he was
talking about it and thus the confusion
there were multiple documents now
how crazy is this idea to give some of
the universal basic income for somebody
who is unwilling to work I'm gonna get
you a little bit more some of you are
gonna be a little angrier when I'm done
with this universal universal basic
income in other words writing a check
from the government to a citizen for
being unwilling to work is not nearly as
crazy as you think on first look and
that's probably why they took it out my
best guess and now I'm going into
speculation all right so I want to make
a clear distinction you know between
what is my opinion versus more of a
speculative thing probably there is a
smart argument for paying people who are
unwilling to work you know let me give
you a flavor of what it might look like
and probably people realize that when
you take it out of context of it's
better argument and you can't really
have context in a summary that's what
the FAQ was it was just a quick bullet
point summary of the plan in the bullet
point summary you can't really defend
and explain paying people who are
unwilling to work it's too hard of a
concept it's a hard sale so even if
there was a good intellectual argument
for that they would have been wise to
have considered it and then taken it out
because it was unsellable all right but
let me suggest to you this imagine not
to in the not too far future might be
five years might be ten years when the
the robots are doing a lot of the work
and let's say you've got a situation
there for every ten people who could
work there are only seven decent jobs
and the other jobs they're barely worth
doing because you're by the time you
paid for your childcare let's say and
your
and your commute it just wouldn't be
worth the job so for every ten people
there are only seven jobs that are worth
doing who do you want doing the seven
jobs do you want the seven jobs to be
done by people who want those jobs
because the people working are gonna
have more resources more pay a happier
life than the people who are just
getting a universal basic income don't
you want the seven out of ten who want
to work to be doing the work why would
you ever want someone who is unwilling
to work to have one of those few jobs
they're not going to do much of a job
and they're not going to be happy about
it
so if they're not happy they have the
job and you're not happy they have a job
why do they have a job all right so the
first thing you have to understand is
that it's tough to soar down to somebody
who is who can't work from someone who
is unwilling in a practical sense
anybody who is unwilling will simply
claim they're they're incapable they'll
say I've got a mental problem they'll
say I've got anxiety they're gonna say a
lot of things and so for in the
practical sense you almost can't sort
out who is unable to work from someone
who claims are unable to work those
would be the unwilling now what about
the people who could work but the only
jobs available are such a long commute
and we would require so much childcare
expense that it's not worth working if
the alternatives is to get this
universal basic income so we may we
might be very close to a time when
universal basic income is a thing
because the robots are doing all the
low-level jobs and there just aren't
enough good jobs so somebody's has to be
the unworking group and they we're not
going to let them starve probably just
because there aren't enough jobs
so the socialist version is that rather
than forcing people to work you just go
with the situation which is there aren't
enough jobs and I'd rather have people
willing to work and willing to make more
money by working than getting universal
basic income all right so that's one
vision of it that and by the way I'm not
saying you should buy this I'm not I'm
not talking you into it I'm just saying
that when you first see the idea of
paying people who are unwilling to work
it sounds freaking crazy doesn't it it
goes against everything you know about
capitalism it goes against everything
you know about incentives but I almost
can guarantee you that there's an
intellectual argument for for a world
that's starting to enter the robot age
we're very smart capitalists have said
to themselves we should at least test
this idea of universal basic income and
the reality is we're not going to be
able to sort out the difference between
people who were unwilling to work and
the people who just say that are unwell
say they're the we can't sort out who's
incapable from who's unwilling because
part of your health is your mental
health and anybody can claim
I'm just not mentally able or or I just
can't do these jobs so you might as well
just say all right doesn't matter if
you're unable or unwilling if you would
rather have a very low level of life
that's an option but anybody who wants
to work can have a much better life
that's the the payoff for working so you
you are certainly welcome to say I'm
still not sold on that idea the only
thing I'm trying to sell you on is that
there's probably a larger intellectual
economic argument that's not crazy
all right that's the only point I'm
trying to make there probably is a
larger context and argument that's not
crazy it might be wrong you might not
agree with that you know reasonable
people might disagree but I guarantee
you there's a larger argument that's not
so crazy but it would have been crazy to
include it in the draft as a bullet
point or even really in the final plan
because it's such a lightning rod it's
too easy to argue against it because
we're all primed for incentives
capitalism and all that stuff so to me
the most likely explanation of what
happened is that there was at least one
person as far as we know it would only
take one person to insert that into a
draft because people had talked about it
and they thought it was maybe a good
idea to start floating out there you
know getting us ready for a world where
where this is going to happen so
universal basic income is almost
certainly going to happen I would say
that we're almost guaranteed that in my
lifetime somebody's going to be getting
a universal basic income in the world of
robots yeah you need the robots to get
there probably and that one person had
an intellectual argument thought it was
time to introduce it but it wasn't the
right time and so the larger group said
let's take that out that's too hard to
defend so the most likely explanation is
movie two doesn't mean it's true but by
far as the more likely explanation is
that they did consider unwilling to work
they did have an argument it was too
complicated too controversial impossible
to persuade and so it left the early
drafts and was just taken out but
somebody didn't notice and because there
were lots of drafts floating around it
got on the website when they noticed if
they took it off and they just said okay
we made a mistake that was dumb we took
it off
alright they admitted a mistake if you
see somebody admit an ordinary mistake
and it explains the entire situation go
with the ordinary thinking most of the
time all right
so
eub I will almost certainly cause the
productive people to be less productive
maybe you so here's the thing the
universal basic income is designed to
give you a minimum survivable life how
many people would accept a minimum
survivable life probably a lot but I
always use this example does it matter
now let let me put this in context it
seems to me that all of the important
things that happen in society that move
things forward come from a very small
group of people yeah there's a small
group of entrepreneurs risk takers
geniuses who do all the cool stuff so
the top I would say the top 2% of the
performers have this hugely larger
impact on the world than all the bullet
all the 98% below in terms of big change
how important are the let's say lowest
twenty percent of performers to the
overall success of social of the world
compare the top two percent who are
really moving and shaking and inventing
to the bottom 20 percent who you kind of
wish they wouldn't even show up for work
right if you ever worked in an office
where you looked around and you said to
yourself you know if the worst twenty
percent of my co-workers would call in
sick every day we'd really get something
done so when you're saying to yourself
oh no I can't live in a world where
let's say the bottom 10% or 20% of
people unwilling to work just get a
check the alternative is they probably
work for your company and slow you down
they're not they're not the ones who are
making the you know the world move
forward
so you're probably not going to be as
damaged by it as you think so long as
there was still plenty of incentive to
work right the only people who are not
going to work are the people who weren't
going to add much to the world anyway so
you're not going to lose that much isn't
that what the welfare is there are some
minor differences but I can't get into
that just drug the people who want to be
drugged well that's going to happen
anyway right I raised my family I won't
pay for anyone unwilling to work I'm not
saying you will ever it will ever be
popular
yeah all right so
ubi Oh we'll make everybody poorer well
let me ask you this
don't we have lots of people who are
receiving services for nothing right now
we have an entire an entire elderly
class who are receiving more money than
they put in with Social Security now
would you end that would you end Social
Security because so many old people are
taking out of it more than they put in
they're effectively getting paid by you
for not working so there's a lot of
stuff you get used to and you probably
get used to you be I even though it
sounds like a terrible idea from today's
perspective not original it's called
communism is it it's pretty far from
communism in fact the people who who
have talked about universal basic income
include some of the biggest capitalists
in the world you may know that Sam
Altman who is a billionaire CEO of Y
Combinator was recently testing the idea
you know literally one of the biggest
capitalists in the world was testing
universal basic income with his own
money he was seeing what would happen if
I just pay some people and don't ask
them anything in return now I think it
didn't work I don't remember how that
turned out but I'm not sure that that's
that was a successful experiment except
in the sense that that we learned
something all right it seems to me that
we've gone too far too far without the
simultaneous it I know you're ready grab
your mug grab your glass your cup your
thermos your stein your chalice fill it
with your favorite liquid and join me
for the simultaneous set
Oh
all right
somebody says I'm one willing to pay
everybody who says they're unwilling to
pay for other people who are unwilling
to work you're forgetting that you're
already doing it and you know you wake
up and it doesn't bother your during
today and you go to sleep and you don't
even notice the elderly are not expected
to work willing or unwilling well why
not what what makes the elderly why did
they get a pass why did the elderly get
supported by the young there's no
there's no reason for that we just got
used to it that's what if the robots
don't want to work
Erik Weinstein - what about Erik has he
talked about universal basic income it's
already a failed model you know here's
the problem with failed models and every
time I hear somebody say this I have the
same reaction how many times have you
heard somebody say we've already tried
that and it didn't work it's one of the
most common things you hear right we've
already tried this whatever it is any
plan we've already tried it and it
didn't work well you know what also
didn't work until it did the airplane
you can just go down the list of every
major invention everything that
eventually worked didn't work first so
not working is the starting point for
things that work so if you look at
something and you note that it never
worked in the past that doesn't really
tell you it won't work in the future
those are not that is not predictive
because we tweak things until they do
work in the future that's what we're
good at humans are good at adjusting the
only thing we can say for sure is that
the exact way it was tried in the exact
situation of the past didn't work that's
all you can say you can't say that well
tweak this or well the situation has
changed we have robots now but we didn't
have robots before so it's it's always
dangerous to say well it didn't work
before so I guess it'll never work in
the future everything that didn't work
in the future doesn't tell you whether
it won't work I'm sorry I watched that
sentence but you know where it was going
ubi has never been implemented anywhere
lol well lol person haha
you mock me ubi
has been tried I'm gonna have to get the
the Dale hold on this requires a Dale
I'll be right back there are some things
that just require the daily response
don't you know you be a husband tried
before Scott oh you poor stupid bastard
you don't know that it can't possibly
work yeah pause that might work because
has never worked in the past are you
talking about the past where robots were
doing a lot of our work is that the past
you're talking about you remember back
in the past when we had robots they
would do all of our manufacturing and
building our houses that passed is that
the one you're talking about because the
fact that something didn't work before
robots doesn't tell you a lot about what
the world looks like after robots and
that's just one example
all right so I'm not saying the robots
are the only factor here but the general
point is it is very informative that it
has been tried in a number of ways and
didn't work so I'm not saying that's not
important because I'm sure we learned a
lot from that Finland is an example yeah
so Finland tried it and it didn't seem
to be a successful thing I think some
other individuals have tried it and it
didn't work that does not tell you that
it will never work
the you know it's certainly gives you
reason for pause
it gives you reason for pause and then
really good reason so if you're saying
let me make it more general point if
you're saying to me
Scott based on the times that's been
tried before and based on what we know
about human nature I would say the odds
of universal basic income ever working
in a widespread way are low the odds are
low that we could ever figure out a way
to make that work I would say to you
well thank you
reasonable person I appreciate your
reasonable well balanced approach in
which you talk about the odds of
something working based on our
experience I would call that a good
opinion even if it's wrong it's a well
expressed opinion here's a bad opinion
it hasn't worked the other ways we've
tried it and therefore there's a hundred
percent chance laughably laughably a
hundred percent chance that it could
never work under any scenario and under
any tweaking in under any future
condition that's not a sensible argument
it's only sensible that based on what
we've seen the odds don't look that good
and I would agree with you on that but
Never Say Never is what I'm saying all
right
banning airplanes let's talk about that
banning airplanes now I as I've said
before I don't know that anything on
that green new deal is practical it
could be that there's just not a single
practical part of that but they're all
directionally interesting meaning that
if I had an option of a fast train to go
across the country versus an airplane I
might pick the train because probably
you can get a much better accommodation
on a train you know it's probably just a
better a better or safer situation so if
there were any way to economically build
a series of you
low-cost train transportation - you know
crisscross the country I would love to
look at the economics of that because
the airline industry is a mess have you
flown recently flying is a nightmare
yeah we're it's 2019 and flying is no
better it's actually worse than it was
thirty years ago I think
flying is probably the only technology
that's gotten worse for 30 years
straight so I think airplanes need a
little competition so that would be fine
for me all right
yeah the dumbest somebody's saying the
dumbest people the ones who say it won't
work so don't try it that is correct
the smart people say let's test it and
when the test doesn't work the smart
people say let's see if we can tweak it
and try it again so if you're not if
you're not approaching it that way
you're not you're not part of the
productive conversation all right
universal basic income with open borders
is a death spiral correct that's correct
if you don't have a border security
you can't start you can't give away your
money I think I think that's a safe
thing to say we've seen now that there's
no indication that the Congress is going
to come up with a plan for the border
that is compatible with what the border
experts recommend think about it the the
plan that comes out of Congress will not
be compatible with what the only people
who know what's happening the experts
say should be done what should we do
with that you know one of the reasons to
declare an emergency is if there's an
emergency the other reason to declare an
emergency in my opinion is if there's
something the experts want and it's it's
well expressed and we understand what
they're talking about and we can afford
it and the Congress won't do it for
political reasons if you have a Congress
that won't act for naked political
reasons despite the public and the
experts essentially agreeing on what a
good solution looks like and I think the
public would would start to back the
experts if we can see specifically their
plan I think in that condition the in
that situation which is our current
situation the president can just say
look the the system doesn't work right
now there is there's a security issue
I'm the commander in chief it's my it's
my job to plug our security holes and
the Congress is not a functional body
because they've become too political on
this issue now he can also take some I
think the president could legitimately
take some responsibility for Congress
being locked up because he's he's made
it such a brand and he's made it so
politicized the border that it makes it
easier for the other side to just want
to Authority in for political reasons so
he's got some some responsibilities but
he's also not Congress all right
Congress doesn't get a pass do not do
their job for the people just because
they don't like the president that's not
a reason we don't accept that as a
reason so I think the president can just
say Congress does it is not functioning
on this question and it's a security
question so I'm gonna I'm gonna act in a
way that's compatible with the experts
if the president declares an emergency
and acts exactly in accordance with what
the security experts want and it's well
within the budget five point seven
billion is well within our you know our
total budget I think he's completely
safe I think Congress just will prove
that they can't functions so he doesn't
have to say I disagree with Congress or
I agree with Congress he doesn't have to
say anything like that he just have to
say they they don't function if they're
ignoring the experts right in front of
the public and the public is watching
this and right in front of us the
Congress apparently is going to ignore
the experts think about that they're
going to ignore the experts right in
front of us you know their bosses
imagine that
you know imagine if you went to your
boss and your boss said well I'd like
you to do this because the experts agree
and you look at your boss and you look
at the experts and you go no no I'm not
going to do that well the boss fires you
right so it might be time for the
president to fire a congress on just
this one question now let me give you a
bigger picture once again I go on to
cnn.com and it's not anti-trump and
there seems to be something that's
changed I don't know exactly what it
could be because the Democrats are
having so many issues could be because
oh you know I do have a I do have a
theory so we went from a situation in
which all the CNN coverage was
anti-trump to a situation where they're
talking about the green New Deal and
about the new candidates and more of a
positive spin on things which are not
Trump but it's more of a positivity
about you know the green New Deal and
then the new candidates and the
excitement there maybe the thing that's
changed is that when you're you don't
have a green new deal to talk about you
don't have anything positive to talk
about so CNN talked about what's left
which is anti-trump so I think you don't
need to be as anti Trump if you have
something positive to talk about from
the other side so it looks like the
coverage has just because they have this
option now there's there's something
positive to talk about I think they'll
talk about the candidates and about the
green New Deal a lot and that will be
good for the president because if you
run then the list of things people were
afraid of from the president he is going
to be insane well we've had two years of
nothing that looks crazy
right where is it where's the insanity
gonna kick in yeah if that's the problem
why is everything running so well why
are we doing well with North Korea
in Syria why are we doing well why are
we doing well on everything the economy
the you know the prison reform is it's
hard to square that with he's crazy and
incompetent then there's that he's gonna
be a crazy dictator he's gonna act like
a dictator but we're watching right in
front of us that he respects the Supreme
Court decisions he respects the rule of
law he's he's working with the Congress
because he doesn't have a friendly
Congress now so every bit of information
refutes the dictator scenario so now the
crazy crazy unstable guy thing is sort
of no longer believable because we've
got a couple years of him in office and
no crazy stuff is happening at least not
in any any real sense except for tweets
and stuff
then there's the now he's also told
apparently a thousand lies so the
president has told a thousand lies
according to the fact checkers but after
two years can you tell can you point to
something where that mattered in other
words can you say AHA now Great Britain
will no longer work with us no no or AHA
we can't get a deal done with China no
we don't have a deal but it doesn't seem
to be anything about the president right
there's nothing about the president's
promises during campaigns or whatever
that is affecting China's negotiation
you can't really find any way that his
departing from the fact checkers talking
about the president you can't really
find an example where something was
damaged by that your your so-called
common sense tells you should be right
there should be some damage but there's
not now that's what I predicted from the
start
if you've been following my coverage of
this president I predicted from the
start
that his departing from the
fact-checking was hyperbole
it was directionally okay and that
wouldn't make any difference in the real
world because people put it in context
that's the president it's what he does
said that and then there was a problem
that he would destroy the economy that
doesn't seem to be a problem there was a
problem that he would start trade wars
that would destroy the world but what do
you hear mostly about China trade talks
now do you remember when the China trade
stock trade talks first started the way
that the coverage was people would say
my god trade wars are stupid trade wars
will destroy the economy right that was
the main thing you heard trade war is
always stupid nobody wins a trade war if
you're starting a trade war you're doing
everything wrong it's going to be
terrible the economy is going to go to
the toilet right that was non-stop what
do we talk about now when we talk about
China and trade every time you hear that
what is the thing that comes up right at
the top of the list
there are theft of intellectual property
so we started with trade deals are
always bad and therefore Trump is being
dumb for getting into one and it has
transformed as we have become educated
so what Trump has done whether or not he
intended to do this explicitly it's what
happened he has educated us from
thinking that this was a trade deal
which it was in part to something bigger
which is you had a country that was just
absolutely abusing us by stealing our
intellectual property and had no
intention of stopping apparently the
reason we can't reach a deal with China
is because they're only willing to
consider deals in which they can easily
continue to cheat and I was listening to
the coverage of it yesterday and now the
coverage accepts that as a fact
so we've taken we've taken it from trade
deals about trade deals are bad you're
stupid to get into one
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah that argument
has has gone down a little bit too
well yeah you should negotiate a trade
deal to this intellectual property theft
absolutely cannot be accepted and will
even take a beating on trade meaning
that you know the trade war will
continue and will take the pain from
that because this other issue of the
intellectual property theft is so big
that you know you concentrate it on that
so so even even the most down-to-earth
you know just normal criticisms of this
president like hey you're starting a
trade war that's no good the world has
been coming educated to the point where
the kind of agreeing with Trump I would
say at this point both sides agree with
the main premise that you can't allow
China to steal our intellectual property
and if we don't nail that down with this
overall trade agreement it's a mistake
so I think China is now or I think that
yeah I think that between the Sentinal
issue from China that somebody's
prompting me here in the comments
between the fentanyl issue which we see
as huge and the intellectual property
people get that Trump needed to get
tough with China and that he's doing it
exactly the right way which is treating
China with great respect he always
treats them with great respect and and
their leader President Xi he treats him
with great respect at the same time he's
saying as clearly as possible this stuff
isn't going to go on anymore yeah we're
done with this stuff
[Music]
sorry technical difficulty so there's
not much left to talk about with
espresso and then the other thing is the
the China the Russia collusion thing is
starting to look ridiculous and
especially now that the president is
pulling out of I guess pulling out of
whatever nuclear and missile deals we've
got with with Russia so now there there
are so many ways that the president has
acted against Russia and we've gone so
long without Muller coming up with
anything we've kind of the Russia
collusion thing even the people who
believed in it are starting to not
believe it so what about the Roger stone
raid and that's old news
what about Enquirer information on Trump
that could surface you know that falls
into the category of anything could
happen but I can't imagine much that
could happen about Trump's personal life
that would make any difference yeah if
there was some new revelation about
Trump did this or that in his personal
life
I don't know anybody cares
yes so now I see people putting their
hope in these various Democrat
presidential harassment says the
president calls it I do like I do like
the president's framing of what the
Congress is planning to do with all
their investigations I do like that he's
calling it presidential harassment
because that's that's pretty good
description I think that works pretty
well
how about the great job Melania is doing
you know every now and then I remind
myself I remind myself that Melania is
kind of great you know the fact that you
don't hear so much about her I don't
maybe that maybe that works in her favor
because she's she's not trying to be a
superstar she's just trying to do her
level best for the country and I would
say she's doing a great job
yeah she she probably has more I don't
know is it just me or is the fact that
Melania puts up with her husband you
know the the fact that she's stuck with
him and puts up with him kind of it kind
of makes me like her a lot more there's
something about that situation that
makes me respect her more makes me
respect her a lot I guess because it's
not like she didn't know what she was
getting into she's just making the best
of a good situation and doing it with
the grace I think what about Megan Megan
McCain I don't don't really care about
that story
uhh
all right just looking at your comments
what are my thoughts on bado tomorrow
night rally for presidential bid yeah
somebody says christina puts up with me
good point
just one of the reasons she's awesome
well bado is good at getting attention
but I don't see him as being a likely
candidate for the Dems because he's
white and he's male and that's no longer
their brand so I can't get I just can't
get interested about Biden I can't get
interested with bado can't get
interested about birdie because I just
don't think there's any chance that
those those folks will be the candidate
did I see the the Nadler stuff with the
AG yeah what you know I only watched
some of the clips with Whitaker acting
Attorney General Whitaker and Nadler and
I didn't think that Whitaker did as good
a job as he could have done there I
don't know that anything was hurt by it
but I feel like he could have you could
have done a better job I don't know it's
specifically why the Scott if you had to
vote for a Democrat who would you vote
for and why why I love that question
that is a great question
alright so the question is if I had to
vote for a Democrat who would I vote for
and why of the people running wow that's
a really good question there's nobody in
the field that's running that jumps out
but I'll take the spirit of the question
which is I have to pick somebody so if I
had to pick a Democrat gosh
I don't know I would eliminate anybody
who's over 70 so I would eliminate Biden
and I would eliminate to Bernie just for
age and by the way I've said the same
thing about Trump and Clinton when they
were running that I thought both of them
were we're too old now I am happy with
the job that Trump is doing but I think
just as a general rule we shouldn't have
presidents over the age of 70 so
probably I don't know I hate to say it
but I don't know why I hate to say it
yeah maybe maybe somebody like tulsi
gabbard or Kamala Harris I think they're
probably the strongest candidates so I
was watching the Elizabeth Warren
apology tour and oh my god
what were you cringing as much as I was
watching Elizabeth Warren crawl and beg
for the approval of the Native Americans
it was hard to watch because she kept
repeating like a robot that she
understands that tribal membership does
not come from just wanting to be in the
tribe and having some DNA so we get that
you don't need to repeat it over and
over again like you're so weak and sorry
so I'd say Elizabeth Warren has no
realistic chance in part because she
seems weak and apologetic over something
silly you know I mean I would have more
respect for Elizabeth Warren if she went
directly at it and said oh my god I
thought I was American Indian and I
thought I I thought I qualified for some
benefits turns out I didn't so I think
she should just go and right at it and
said you know I really I really got some
benefits from that perhaps can't tell
but it was bad to me but that that you
know I didn't do it n of I means I think
she could make a stronger case that she
didn't do it out of some sense of
cheating that she did it because she
believes she was Native Americans and
the reason I would believe that is
because I believed I was Native American
until last year when I had by DNA test
my family my family also told me that I
was Native American with great detail I
knew the name of the relative I knew
what tribe she was allegedly with turns
out none of it was true but I'm not I'm
not embarrassed by it
is the Golden Age equal to the green new
deal now
not exactly the golden age is you could
think it overlaps in the sense that I
think we're reaching a point where we
could maybe cure cancer and change the
environment if we want
the poll asks your ethnic and race
affiliation not tribal membership okay
somebody says they have reservations
about warrant careful about your jokes
you don't want to be like Rob Lowe who
had to remove his tweet because he joked
that Warren would be the first
commander-in-chief with you know
emphasis on the chief Bart and then he
took it down because people said how
insensitive of you Klobuchar don't know
Klobuchar too much FBI now has your DNA
they do my DNA is now in the system so I
can't I can't murder anybody
Oh somebody says I love the fact you're
avoiding talking about Julian Castro I'm
not avoiding talking about him
he he doesn't raise he doesn't rise to
my level of caring I don't think he has
a chance of being the nominee but he'd
be he'd be the funniest nominee just
because he hasn't identical twin and
having a President of the United States
with an identical twin would be so much
fun I mean that alone it would be worth
it
[Music]
so
humor is now gone because of liberals
somebody says that that the humor has
certainly changed
[Music]
will psychedelics become legal yes
psychedelics will become legal if you
ask me when that's harder but I would
say that the the science and the you
know the way we think you know that the
zeitgeist and everything else is moving
in that direction yet psychedelics are
insanely valuable for a lot of people
they're just illegal so if we could fix
the illegal part you'd have a much
better world let me let me put it this
way if I'm 90 years old and I'm not on
drugs
I'm probably not having a good day if
I'm 90 years old and I'm micro dosing on
LSD
I'm really gonna like my old age and I'm
not joking about that even a little bit
if I live to 90 and I can micro dose on
LSD I'm gonna micro dose on LSD and I'm
gonna have the greatest old age of
anybody I just won't drive and I
shouldn't be driving at that age anyway
how did you like the split-screen will
you do it again the so there's this
weird situation with a split screen
which is so periscope has a split screen
option and believe it or not I can't
find out the answer to this question the
most basic question when I do the split
screen can you as the audience see both
of us at the same time on the screen the
most basic question right it's a split
screen technology I've tried it and I
don't know the answer to whether or not
you could see two people on the screen
and the reason I don't know is because
I've been I've had credible reports of
both in other words I had report from
somebody I personally know who said they
watched the test and that there were two
people on the screen somebody I
personally know who told me immediately
after oh yeah there were two people on
the screen I could see them both at the
same time
lots of credible people said that never
happened I don't know what to do with
that people said no I was there there
was not two screens you could hear one
and you could see you but you could only
hear the other one and then someone else
said you get an option of choosing if
you're the invited guest you get the
option of just being audio or being
video and audio and if you select the
video then you'll be seen on the screen
now I think that's the case but I'm also
hearing from people who are very well
informed that periscope doesn't actually
have that option so I've been I've been
told at two worlds that are completely
opposites and I don't know the answer
but I will tell you that I have two
periscopes that I'm gonna use the split
screen however it works we'll figure it
out as we go on Monday I'm going to
split screen with bill Polti and I'm
gonna give you some updates on the blade
Authority some some really interesting
stuff and I'll show you some ideas for
what to do with the blade cleared land
so bill Polti will join me on
one day that's tomorrow and then on
Tuesday I'm going to split screen with
navall Rafa Conte we've done a periscope
before where he was with me in the same
room and now we're going to try it try
it this way so don't miss those so
you'll have two good examples of the
split screen Monday and then again on
Tuesday
it was their profile pictures oh so now
I'm getting a third version of reality
so someone else is saying in the
comments that you can see a picture of
the the other person on the screen but
it's not live it's a screenshot or just
their profile picture so one of those
three things will happen tomorrow you'll
either only hear the audio you'll see a
full motion video with me on the other
side or you'll see where you'll see a
still picture and me on the other side
so it's one of those things
I'm gonna split screen with you
yes I probably will set up another
device so I can see what it looks like
from the users perspective yes I
probably will do that so somebody's
saying yes it's their avatar that would
actually explain so it's the profile
picture
no now some people are saying that it
showed on the upper left that's not a
split screen a split screen with just a
an icon would not be a split screen all
right so anyway we don't we don't know
the answer but we'll find out tomorrow
and that's enough for now and I will
talk to you later bye