if you do do up bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum hey everybody come on in here and if
you have a warm beverage or a cool one
even better come on in today after the
simultaneous up and once we reach a
thousand viewers I'm going to present a
fury fiery fiery defense of Peters rock
patriot are you ready oh oh
those of you who have coffee at the same
time it doesn't get better if you've got
a soft drink it's pretty good pretty
good all right so Peter stock as you
know it has been discovered that he had
some emails that suggested he may have
tried to change the result of our
election he may have been so anti-trump
that he may have done things we don't
know but allegedly done things that
could have led to President Trump losing
the election or being a peach after the
election he was involved in the Hillary
server escapades in which they went
light on her he was involved in the
Russia investigation very early on if
you know what I mean now how could
anybody possibly present a defense what
kind of defense would be good enough I
hope he has good lawyers and if he
doesn't have good lawyers I hope he's
watching this periscope because it could
keep him out of jail
what follows is my defense a Peter
struck FBI agent who we know from the
evidence had a very anti-trump bias and
allegedly his emails tell us that he may
have wanted to have an insurance policy
to change the result of the election
here is my defense and it goes like this
number one what was his motive what was
his motive is there anything in the
emails that suggests he had personal
financial gain or at least directly is
there anything that suggests that he was
working for somebody else is there
anything to suggest now if you say he
was doing it to impress a girl you have
to also understand that he wasn't the
only one involved in this form of
thinking and that many of them had the
same point of view but only a few of
them may have had access to the levers
of of the department so it seems to me
that his motives correct me if I'm wrong
but there suggested very clearly in the
emails he believed that a president
Trump was a monster and that he would be
terrible for the country nowhere in
there did you see something like Hillary
you will be awesome although there was a
clear preference wasn't it clearly a
generic not meaning a widespread fear
that he was genuinely in a situation
where he alone had access to changing
the result he believed he was in a
Hitler like nightmare
and only he could change the result now
you say to yourself mmm i Scott that is
not a defense it is not a defense they
he had a reason for breaking the law
correct it is not
I'm not done yet let me continue I have
to call some witnesses number one I'd
like to call oh well before I call this
witness I'm gonna I'm gonna stop and
pause this periscope because I saw some
comments I didn't like so I'm just I'm
just gonna pause it right now and we'll
be done with this now just kidding just
kidding
now did you think I was going to put
actually going to pause this were you
positive I was going to pause it were
you positive that I wasn't or would you
say that your state of mind when it
looked like I was going to pause it was
more of a reasonable doubt situation you
probably had a strong opinion he'll do
it you won't do it but I'll bet you
weren't positive you probably had a
little reasonable doubt I'd like to call
my first witness and advertising
executive at the firm of rubber firm
Bravo home it doesn't really matter
mister advertising executive in your
vast experience and based with based on
much science can you tell us that
advertising works well yes thanks for
asking advertising does work here's
exhibit a Exhibit B Exhibit C you can
see that you can move people with
advertising to do things that they would
not have otherwise been inclined to do
and then you say but can you tell if any
individual got moved to buy advertising
well sometimes by usually not normally
the only thing you can tell is that you
know that the average moved or you've
got more customers doing this were you a
be tested and this one was better than
that one mr. advertising executive how
good are we today in the in the year
2018
influencing people with advertising
compared to where we were 20 years ago
are we just as effective more effective
oh my god let me tell you we thought we
were good 20 years ago at this point we
can reprogram your damn brain right you
see what Facebook's doing to people
maybe we're triggering massive mental
illness with devices that we think are
helping us oh man is it more effective
today we can do this massive immediate a
be testing you think you own your brain
sort of but not really because you're
being so influenced by the Masters of
influence who used to be just a little
bit good but now they're really good
well that's just advertising let's bring
up another another expert mr. mental
health professional after the election
of 2016 did you notice any change in the
mental health of the country did I oh my
god I heard cases and saw cases and I've
done extensive research so I know these
things people were literally vomiting
they were physically sick at the thought
that a president Trump who they imagined
would be a monster had just come to
power there are people who cried there
was you know uptick and people asking
for mental health counseling people
people were screaming in the streets
it was a huge society-wide mental
breakdown and what was it that they all
believed I mean not just disagreeing
with the politics but what do they
actually believe if like literally
believe I know you might not believe
this but they literally and I'm a mental
health expert and I mean this literally
believe that a Hitler like character had
just come to power like an actual Hitler
the kind to arounds people up and puts
them in concentration camps
it kills the brown ones and the ones
that have defects like actual real
fricken teller so how many people do you
think were affected by this seven or
eight probably twenty to thirty million
best guess twenty to 30 million people
thought actual Hitler got elected well I
believe you when you say this but it
still doesn't make sense
I'm gonna need another expert and so I
called to the stand the best cognitive
scientist in the world whose name is
Merle
doesn't matter the best cognitive
scientist in the world someone who's an
expert on persuasion in all its forms
someone who study this greatly mister
expert on all things persuasion and
cognitive did anything happen during the
election that could have triggered a
massive legitimate mental health problem
why yes there did there was something
and apparently it did exactly that
people were persuaded that literally
Hitler was coming to power I could go
through the details but it's in this
great book called wind Bigley and you
could just read it all there or you
could go to a blog by now never mind
and yes the the cognitive sciences would
confirm that you could convince somebody
that they were actually under the
control of a Hitler regime and it
apparently is exactly what happened and
so it's very very likely we can't say
for sure but within a reasonable doubt
kind of scenario it's fair to say that
Peter struck and his co-workers who had
similar thoughts
were people
who had a severe case of Trump
derangement syndrome and therefore were
not operating under their own good
powers of thought they had a diminished
capacity and therefore you should let my
client free well Scott doesn't work like
that he broke the law he's not
technically crazy he knew what he was
doing he had a motive he had an
opportunity bing bang boom bang guilty
and then because every meet every movie
needs a third act it's hopeless now it's
hopeless
it was my best defense it's hopeless
because the judges just ruled laws the
law you can't just say I wasn't thinking
well that day what kind of country do
you want to live in where people can
just say well I killed somebody but it's
okay because I thought he did something
I stole something but it's okay because
I could have swore there was no law
against that
no Scott your defense is clever but the
laws the law he broke the law he knew
what he was doing jail time but there's
still a twist yes this story has a twist
here comes I wasn't talking to you mr.
judge I was talking to the president who
has the power to pardon and I say to him
mr. president are you convinced that
Trump derangement syndrome is real and
you know what he thinks yep yes the
president and his entire administration
and pretty much everybody who supported
them would agree that Trump derangement
syndrome is not a joke it's a real
actual medical problem and I would
submit mr. president
that if you wanted to pop that bubble if
you wanted to make trumpet derangement
syndrome go away you have a great
opportunity you will pardon Peter struck
because it's what is the one thing he
feared the most Peter struck what is the
one thing that drove career FBI people
to break the law of the land that they
had sworn to uphold the laws of the one
thing was a legitimate genuine belief
that President Trump was a monster who
are the real enemies here the fake news
the persuaders on the Democrat side who
thought they were creating a persuasion
bomb that would be diffused the moment
Hillary Clinton won the election but in
fact they accidentally built a
persuasion bomb that couldn't be defused
because President Trump won the election
there is only one way to defuse this
huge persuasion bomb don't prove Peter
Strock was right all along I rest my
case
I'm just looking at your comments you're
reaching so of course I know that
there's no legal defense if the
allegations against Peter struck are
true or mostly true the the justice
system will have to find him guilty if
that happens
Trump derangement syndrome gets worse
not better
if we understand what is driving the
fear and the genuine mental illness
genuine mental illness on the side
that's out of power you pardoned him in
return for full disclosure full
disclosure so the deal is he's got an
arc out his friends we you know maybe
they deserve some pardons too but he's
got to come clean and he's got to tell
us honestly I thought I was doing the
right thing then eligible for a pardon
it's too early to do that right because
you know there's more to learn and you
know their investigations ongoing but I
submit to you Trump derangement syndrome
has gone from a clever thing people said
to a genuine super problem and there are
ways to fix it but you're going to have
to do something unexpected this is the
most unexpected thing anybody could do
who's the president who does unexpected
things well we got one now all right
that's all for today and I'll be back
later
you
[Music]