[Music]
and mom hey everybody come on in here
it's good to see all of you it's another
wonderful day Monday can you believe it
Wow
and I know you're here for the
simultaneous if so why would I
disappoint you
I wouldn't I wouldn't all you need to
participate in this simultaneous up is I
think you know it goes a little like
this a cup or a mug or a glasses Stein
the chalice the tengu thermos flask
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fell it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous it go let me tell you
ever since I got this electronic coffee
warmer my quality of life has sued
because there's nothing better than warm
coffee let's talk about the news
so not hearing much about the China
trade deal today I suppose there's
nothing to report well I am very
skeptical that there's going to be a
major China trade deal that covers
everything comprehensively we might have
some deals on some individual stuff but
I've got a feeling that the soft
decoupling is going to happen at the
same time as whatever agreements we make
we China I went shopping yesterday for
some shirts and started looking at
labels for the first time ever and I
went to the Nike section and I wanted I
really wanted some Nike products so the
bad news is Nike makes really good
products so I'm standing in the sort of
the Nike you know I was looking for
sweatshirts and stuff and I think I like
all this stuff
and I thought no can't do it nice I had
to look further so I found some stuff
made in Honduras something made in
Vietnam and I know some of you are gonna
say hey those are just Chinese companies
who have relocated because of the
tariffs well maybe but it's still better
I would still rather give my business to
a Chinese entity that's operating and
employing Hondurans who don't need to
come north of the border and I don't
mind that they're employing local
Vietnamese and probably paying taxes in
Vietnam that's ok with me so from this
point on I'm going to be well at least
as long as China is involved with
shipping friends and holds of this
country I will do what I can to reduce
my exposure to their products now before
you say it yes I know that there are
probably some number of Dilbert products
printed in China right I don't know if
this one is let me check papa I was
probably written here somewhere so I
don't really know where this was pretend
but let me tell you this I don't make
the printing decisions so I make my deal
with my comic syndication company they
make another deal with a publisher the
publisher makes another deal with a
printer so I'm several deals away from
that now what I recommend for everybody
not just me is that I don't recommend a
hard decoupling in other words if you're
already doing business there you've
already got a factory there you've
already got a contract go ahead and run
it out but you don't have to do new
business and you don't have to buy their
stuff yeah if you have options that's
all I'm saying it wouldn't take a lot of
decoupling just a little bit of
decoupling it's gonna be a big
difference because remember you know a
GDP if it goes up 3% is amazing so you
don't have to have that much of an
impact on another economy for it to
really
let's talk about the Kingsmen video
outraged I believe it's time to do
outrage theater the story is that some
supporters of President Trump held an
event at the Doral Golf Club owned by
the president and it was I don't know if
it was just supporters the president
wasn't there it was just supporters use
that space and they showed a loop of
some memes videos and one of the
numerous memes was this one that was a
take off of a movie the King's Men in
which there's a super bloody scene where
the star of the movie shoots a lot of
people up close you know puts the gun to
their head
one after another just shoots dozens and
dozens of people and stabs them in
creative ways and the mean the maker I'm
not sure exactly who made this one
replace the heads of the people being
killed with logos for you know the
various networks and then there were
some celebrities such as Rosie O'Donnell
and Kathy Griffin now and then the
person doing the killing of was
superimposed Trump's head was
superimposed on that character so looked
as though Trump was killing all of his
media enemies and celebrity enemies now
what do you think was the response to
that video outrage theater well this is
no good it's too square
needs to be ruffle more rough alone let
me fix this perfect
outrage theater I am so outraged because
of a video the video makes me outraged
there are many things happening in the
world today in Syria in Hong Kong in
Africa in all kinds of places but why am
i outraged about a video it's a video
and I know right I've outraged
I'm outraged
and see at some point can we stop
pretending anybody really cares about
this little stuff does anybody really
care about that video no they do not
it's just a gotcha opportunity where one
side can say ah I gotta I gotta this
time you'll never get away from my
mocking of your badness for your video
it's so bad what's the funniest thing
about it
funniest thing about it is that Kathy
Griffin complained that it might spark
violence against her and people like her
I suppose
meaning critics of the president because
it shows violence against critics so the
president and that looks like it's
condoning or or encouraging it at least
for crazy people now here's my problem
you might remember that I took a very
unpopular stand some time ago a couple
years ago when Kathy Griffin got called
out for holding the severed head of the
president not a real one the president
is still alive for a photograph and the
world blew up and what did a lot of
people say raised about Kathy Griffin's
holding of several president are
outraged and seem so there was fake
outrage about Kathy Griffin and now
Kathy Griffin's giving some fake outrage
back but there is a kernel of some truth
there which is if we do act as though
violence against our political nemec's
is somehow funny and entertaining I
could see how somewhere there's somebody
who's crazy enough to think well there's
my there's the green light
I guess I'll guess I'll go do some
violence and of course you know this
this triggers a lot of people on the
right to show videos of anti-fog being
I limped against Trump supporters etc
but mostly this is just political
outrage theater but the Kathy Griffin
thing I can't get past it there's only
one person in the whole world
who doesn't get to complain about the
Kingsmen video only one it's Kathy
Griffin if Rosie O'Donnell complains
about it because she's also in it I'd
say oh it's a good point Rosie you know
it's not the biggest problem in the
world but I think you're right Rosie you
complaining about being in that video
showing people on your team being
murdered I can see why you'd be worried
about that and I will even I will even
join you Rosie Rosie O'Donnell I will
join you and say that that video should
be which would say disavowed and I would
prefer that it not run anymore I I would
also be on the team with saying okay I I
get that the creator was making a
certain kind of content for a certain
kind of consumer who probably enjoyed it
and didn't take it seriously at all I
don't take it seriously at all but I can
see why maybe the world's better off
without it
so if Rosie O'Donnell complained about
that I'd say you know Rosie
I have not agreed with you on much but I
think we could find common ground on
that video that that's a little too far
but I defended Kathy Griffin for showing
that joke picture of a severed head even
though it clearly encourages people to
be violent against Trump supporters
again in a very small way not an average
person with an average brain they know
it's just a joke but maybe maybe there
are some people on the fringe who are
just saying well if Kathy Griffin shows
a severed head maybe people think
violence against Trump supporters is
okay so you can make an argument that
maybe in some small way it made the
world worse the Kathy Griffin held up
ahead but I defended her
on creative and humor grounds basically
the fact it was funny you got attention
wasn't meant to be violent wasn't meant
to cause violence it wasn't that at all
but now she's complaining about the same
thing from the other side what is the
functional moral difference between what
Kathy Griffin did with her severed head
which I defended and what the Kingsmen
video did with their video what's the
functional difference I don't see one do
you I mean they're not exactly the same
thing but functionally there's the same
thing so let me revise what I said I
said there's one person in the world who
does not have a moral right to complain
about that Kingsman video they're
actually two on the other one because I
also gave a pass to Kathy Griffin for
her severed head so I'm gonna give the
same pass to the Kingsmen video people
and the people who showed it which is
not the choice I would have made not the
video I would have made but it was in
this in a creative sense it was being
made in other words that were was
somebody who was an artist a meme artist
in this case but that's a legitimate art
in my opinion there was an artist who
did a piece of art and some people
didn't like it if you take it beyond
that I think you're not doing a service
to society so Kathy Griffin and I are in
the same boat we are the two people who
should not be complaining about that
video but at the same time I went to
done it I think the world is better
without it all right let's talk about
let's talk about Syria and the Kurds
I've warned you repeatedly that the fog
of war makes everything that you hear
about this story unreliable so for the
first I don't know how long it's going
to last but we're certainly in still in
the fog of war we don't really know
what's going on over there
and if we're being rational we
now if the president made the right
decision or the wrong decision why do I
say that
because we don't know the outcome yet we
know the initial outcome at least we
have reporting that that there are Kurds
dying that we wish were not dying
and we know Turkey is attacked etc so
there are facts we know or at least in a
very general way we know that that sort
of stuff is going on over there but we
don't know how it's gonna shake out
because that's just day one stuff we
just don't know how it will shake out so
if you have a strong opinion that this
is the best thing in the world
or the worst thing in the world and I'm
talking about moving the US troops out
of Syria if you have a strong opinion on
it I don't think it's warranted I think
it's a wait-and-see that's what the way
it looks to me now if you're telling me
that the short-term ramifications look
terrible I would say to you yeah it
looks that way to me but does that tell
you that it was a bad decision
not even close because the decision was
not meant to solve a short-term problem
it was a long-term decision of which
we've seen only the first few days
impact which don't really mean much if
you're looking at a hundred-year
decision so as tragic as it is I don't
want to minimize the tragedy because it
looks like it's pretty dire over there
so I'm not minimizing that at all I'm
just saying that countries make
long-term decisions they don't make
short-term decisions or at least they
shouldn't so we don't really know how
this will work out but we're starting to
see some things shape up here's the
first things you should know have you
seen all the reporting about the members
of Isis escaping do you believe those
reports do you believe the initial
reports about Isis escaping if you do
you shouldn't
you shouldn't believe them let's say
you're the Kurds if you were the Kurds
and the u.s. just pulled this troops out
what's the first fake news that you
would create the first fake news you
would create as the Isis is getting away
and it's all your fault right now I'm
not saying that Isis isn't getting away
because I don't know I'm not there I'm
not watching all we know are the reports
what is what fake news could you
guarantee with a hundred percent
certainty would come out of that warzone
right away so whether or not there are
any Isis people being released from
prisons were escaping for peasants
regardless of the truth of what's
happening there would it also not be
true that there's a hundred percent
chance the Kurds would say it's
happening yes there's a hundred percent
chance the Kurds would say it's
happening even if it's not happening now
is it happening let's talk about whether
it's happening well I hear are the
reports that I've seen members of Isis
have escaped and then you read further
and it's family members of Isis have
escaped so in other words the reports
that I've seen and maybe you've seen
other ones because again this is all fog
of war stuff the reports I've seen said
that the family members of Isis who
would also be Isis but they're you know
mothers daughters brothers who were
fighting that sort of thing grandpa
grandpa the kids so there's some word
that the family members of Isis escaped
to which I asked you why were the family
members in prison why were the family
members in prison and were they going to
just stay in prison forever
is it a life sentence to be related to
somebody who was in Isis do you remember
when President Trump said he was you
know he was going to kill the family
members of terrorists over in the Middle
East what did everybody say
my god you can't kill the family members
you can kill the combatants all you want
but you can't kill the family members
what kind of monster are you what
exactly is happening over there right
now are not the family members in
imprisoned camps for ever for just being
related isn't that exactly what's
happening what the president said and
then he had to disavow and then
everybody said that would be way too far
are we supporting Kurds who have put in
prison camps or at least guarding the
prison camps of family members I don't
know that's that's just an open question
I'm not saying that we should or
shouldn't or they shouldn't be in prison
I'm not even saying that Isis family
members should not be in prison I don't
know because I don't know I I would have
to know a lot more what it means to be a
family member so I would consider myself
too ignorant to have a good opinion on
that but I think you have to ask the
question are they family members
escaping or are they combatants now I've
heard reports also that none of the
combatants have escaped remember I said
before that if you were the Kurds and
you'd done all that sacrifice to beat
Isis and you had them in prison if there
were any chance that they would escape
the actual combatants I'm not talking
about family members now but the actual
combatants the Isis fighters don't you
think you'd kill them in prison if you
thought there was any chance they'd get
out wouldn't wouldn't that be the last
thing you did before the Turks over and
your position you'd kind of kill him
imprisoned because the last thing you
want is for them to get help and I would
argue that if if there's a risk of them
getting out of prison and like and that
risk looks very high and you know that
the moment they got out they would try
to kill you I don't know maybe you can
kill them in prison I'm not even sure
that that would be necessarily a war
crime if you knew that they were going
to kill you any minute unless you kill
them first
I don't know how that works I guess it
would depend on the specifics but watch
watch for the illegitimate news the very
illegitimate news to conflate watch for
this today
watch how they conflate some family
members of Isis have have escaped which
may or may not be a big deal vs. actual
militant combatants have escaped look
for that distinction because the news
isn't making that distinction and I feel
like that's a big deal
alright now the other thing we're seeing
is that the news is that the Kurds have
made a hasty deal with the Russians and
Syrians so that the Russians and Syrians
will come in and push the Turks back to
Turkey which some would say would make
the whole the whole war there a waste a
waste because then the US is gone and
Isis can reconstitute and all that but
here's the question I ask you how much
reconstituting is Isis going to do as
long as the Russian military and Assad
are in power in Syria and the Turks are
just as just as interested in making
Isis go away at this point I would think
I think Turkey was instrumental in
arming them in the first place but at
this point I don't think turkey wants
any more Isis I could be wrong about
that so there's at least one there's one
school of thought that says that by the
US leaving we force them to reach a new
balancing point that had to happen so as
long as we were there there was an
artificial balance that could never be a
permanent stable situation by pulling us
out all hell breaks loose but fairly
quickly that all hell breaks loose might
turn into a stable situation and maybe
that's good for the long run
now the stable situation would be that
the Russians and the Syrians with Assad
as as they're somewhat Sleater I'm not
even sure Assad is in charge in Syria
are you
is Assad just a Russian puppet at this
point I don't know exactly how that
relationship works I'm not sure anybody
does but I don't see a situation in
which Syria is willing to allow Isis to
reconstitute and even if the Syrians
couldn't do it themselves I think the
Russians can I'm pretty sure the
Russians can beat back Isis all day long
as long as they're willing to stay there
with their military presence
so what Turkey wanted now here's the
other angle that I'm not seeing
discussed what Turkey wanted at least
partly maybe it was all they wanted but
one of their big goals was to repatriate
or move back two million Syrians who
were displaced by the war and came to
Turkey for safety turkey wants to
relocate them back in Syria to which I
say that's a pretty good goal isn't it
wouldn't it be a worthy goal for Turkey
to move Syrians back into their own
country what was preventing turkey from
moving the Syrian refugees back into
Syria
am I wrong than it was the Kurds
can somebody fact-check me on this was
it not the Kurds who believed they had
carved down a little homeland for
themselves in Syria were they not the
problem
preventing two million Syrians from
going back to their own home in fact
checked me on that somebody says not the
Kurds but if it wasn't the Kurds why is
it that the Turks have to conquer the
Kurds in order to move the refugees back
I might be just moot it's possible I'm
missing some gigantic factual point here
so here's my question why are we not
talking about the Turks moral authority
to move refugees back to their own homes
doesn't Turkey have a moral authority to
do that
I mean obviously they may be doing it
for their own benefit for their internal
purposes but doesn't it make sense from
a moral standpoint that Turkey moving
refugees back to where they came from
and probably want to return I don't know
that that's bad and what was preventing
it from happening feels like it was the
Kurds who's reporting on that and again
am I just missing something because I
might be missing something important
here but it seems to me the Kurds were a
problem even though they were allies you
can be both it's a complicated place you
can be our best friends and our allies
and still be the problem there's there's
nothing that would be make that
impossible so it looks like what's
happening is this Syria and Russia are
moving in and they're going to team up
with the Kurds fingers crossed that
doesn't turn out bad for the Kurds or
anybody else but I don't know it's a
dangerous situation but the idea is that
then the Syrians Russians and Kurds
working together might be able to
repatriate those two million people
because then they would be repatriated
into friendly political territory Syria
and as far as I know I don't know that
the ones who left were necessarily
running from the Syrian government were
they or were the ones the refugees were
they running from Isis or were they just
running from fighting in general so
there's so many things we don't know
about the 2 million refugees and all
that so we're still the fog of war it's
hard to have a firm opinion but I would
say that the way it's shaping up is that
the early reporting is probably BS
meaning the Isis escaping is probably
family members and I'm not sure how much
we care if family members get in and
secondly I don't know that this hasn't
already led to the very best situation
it's possible that as of today assuming
that this Syrian Russian Kurdish
agreement
becomes productive and assuming that
turkey can still repatriate its two
million people but they don't have to be
an army to do it they can just say hey
Syria Russia Kurds if you if you want to
be in charge of that area here's here's
two million refugees they're all yours
how does that work so would would assad
take them back is that even an option
and where did the kurds get this
homeland somebody says you're fumbling
through a genocide scott well here's the
thing i don't know what that means to
say I'm fumbling through a genocide I'm
saying that it's a murky situation is
whoever said that do you have a clear
picture of what's happening or did you
just feel like coming in and saying
something ugly is there somebody here
who has a clear picture of all that all
this happening now and also everything
that's going to happen because if you
don't know what's going to happen I
don't know how close you are now the
other big question is what do we owe the
Kurds because we fought together against
this common enemy Isis does that give us
some obligation to the Kurds forever
well it depends how you look at it if
what happened was the Kurds helped us be
our enemy then that's that's one
framework in which you say oh we owe
those curves they helped us we are loyal
to you forever
but is that what happened it's not like
we hired them as mercenaries and they
were fighting a war that only helped us
it looks more to me like we helped the
Kurds in a problem that was much bigger
for them meaning that the Kurds had an
Isis problem in their territory I mean
their neighborhood and we helped them
eliminate Isis from their neighborhood
doesn't don't occur to us isn't that the
way it works we armed the Kurds
we fought we died to get rid of the risk
that was far more of a risk in their
neighborhood than it was to us it was
the risk to us but not near
as much as it was to them don't the
Kurds I us no I'm saying that just to be
provocative I don't think they owe us
well what I'm saying is that being on
the same team
we're a limited engagement doesn't make
you bound to each other forever in other
ways for example have you heard a World
War two it was big thing was in the news
there was this thing called world war
two in which the United States teamed up
with Stalin Stalin was on our team
so it was it was the United States and
Stalin beating the Nazis now did that
make us indebted to Stalin forever no we
were just on the same team fighting the
same same enemy for a while and then it
was over and the Kurds it seems more
like that to me I mean there are no
analogies that are perfect so if
anybody's looking for the error in the
analogy I get it I get it
analogies are not exactly the same blah
blah I'm just making the case then it is
not automatic that because you fought on
the same side for a while that either of
you each other anything after it's done
after it's done the reason that you were
doing it is done and then it's a new
decision have you ever heard of the the
concept of a sunk cost if you haven't
you should read looser think because
there are some things that once you've
spent it once somebody is already dead
once your money is already spent you
can't go back in history and fix it you
have to make each decision today based
on what today looks like going forward
if you make your decision today you say
okay the fighting with the Kurds is
yesterday we did that now stunts
now what decision would make today based
on today's variables
today's variables say perhaps we did
what we wanted to do we're not a police
force the locals are in the
the best position to keep Isis tamp down
it's time to leave that's the decision
you would make if you understood how
sunk costs work the the things we've
already done with the Turks was great
but it's also already done we did not
ever make them any kind of a deal for
permanent protection there was never an
agreement or we never voted on it
Congress never said yes I don't even
think it was implied it was maybe
expected by them it was maybe desired
well certainly desired but we saw I
don't think we made any kind of
commitment like that to say we will stay
with you forever and we will protect you
against all forces no matter what they
are even if they're NATO I don't believe
we haven't made that commitment so if
you want to learn learn how to think
about sunk costs and other ways to look
at the world that just allow you to look
at it the way other people would look at
it you don't even have to say this is
the one way to look at it but my book
that you can pre-order now and I wish
you would because it'll be available
November 5th but pre-order is helping a
lot because it boosts the sales in the
beginning and then it gets on the
bestseller lists and that becomes
self-sustaining so it helps me a lot of
you pre-ordered from Amazon or any place
you pre-order books and that's one of
the topics one of the topics is knowing
how to separate the past and call that a
sunk cost as a concept from economics
but the book teaches you the simple
concepts like that sunk costs would just
be you know one tiny part of the book
but it teaches you a number of thinking
techniques across different disciplines
that are just as easy to pick up as that
one is so let me ask you this do you
think Isis is happy that the Russians
and the Syrians look like they're going
to take full control of Syria back I
don't know that Isis is happy about that
because whatever we were willing to do
to Isis and it was pretty bad I'm pretty
sure the Russians are worse or willing
to do even more so I know we'll see how
that goes the thing I'm wondering now is
whether or not turkey will require a
safe zone on the border
if the Russians and the Syrians
effectively occupied that land that the
Kurds were holding with our help
if they effectively occupy that that
would get rid of the safe zone and is
turkey okay with having no safe zone
because I think part of it was to keep
the bad guys from crossing their border
right so I don't know if Turkey has a
way to stand down maybe they do maybe
Turkey can just say okay Russia Syria if
you're going to take care of this just
stay on your side of the border and
we'll stay on our side
maybe I don't know Matt Taibbi wrote
that great article I think I talked
about yesterday
in which he characterized the deep state
actions against the President as a
permanent coup one that is happening
right in front of us and what what is
interesting about Matt Taibbi is peace
and people were confused why I
recommended it so highly because he said
some bad things about President Trump
and people said I I can't stand this
writer he lost all of his credibility
because he said bad things about Trump
but that's actually why he has
credibility because he's not a trump
supporter he's very much not a trump
supporter and says I would clear
language and at the same time says it
can also be true that there is a coup
happening right in front of us I haven't
seen anybody do that before I don't know
that I've seen anybody who's a
legitimate thinker you know somebody
who's well informed and as a public
platform who would say you know it's
true the president's got these flaws and
I wish he had not been elected but at
the same time I'm not
there is a coup happening and what Matt
Taibbi said is that no matter what you
think of the president there's no way
that the coup isn't the bigger problem
because the coup is actually replacing
the form of government in the country
that keeps the entire plan is stable it
effectively makes the the pan opticon if
you will mix the intelligence services
in charge and the way Taibbi I hope I'm
pronouncing his name correctly over
close the way he describes it is also
the way I see it and most abusing it you
see that there's some unholy alliance
between current and past intelligence
and law enforcement folks and the in the
media you can see for example NBC it's
been widely reported NBC is essentially
an organ of the CIA now by the way if
you didn't already know that you
probably said to yourself what Scott
whoa
you jumped the shark I was with you
because a lot of the things you said
sounds reasonable you sounded like
you're saying but you just said that NBC
is basically a wholly owned subsidiary
of the CIA and that can't be true well
look it up turns out that's one of the
most well documented things in the news
Glenn Greenwald writes about this and
not only is it true it's demonstrated
it's it's as true as anything could
possibly true there's nothing more true
than that this is not like Russia
collusion it's not like conspiracy
theories this is this is one that pretty
much everybody understands if they're
paying attention so and that's why you
know you see Brennan and clapper on
certainly outlets but not others Brennan
is always an NBC or MSNBC person I guess
so that Taibbi calls it out that we have
a coup that's in progress it's clearly a
coup
and it's far more dangerous than
whatever President Trump might do with
all of his impulsiveness etcetera so
navall rava Conte who I mentioned often
smartest person in the world in my
opinion he tweeted this he said I still
don't see how the unarmed half of the
country is going to overthrow the
candidate elected by the armed half of
the country so it was a provocative
tweet that there's a slow-motion coup
happening and it looks like the unarmed
half of the country is somehow going to
overthrow the armed half and so navall
reasonably asked how the acts that could
work
and so I answered by tweet and my answer
was this by convincing them it didn't
happen what you're watching is the first
coup by hypnosis let that sink in you're
watching a coup by hypnosis and by
hypnosis I like to use the more
provocative word for persuasion and
influence and dirty tricks and all that
but in the fact not in effect quite
literally the it appears all evidence
suggests that the media and the
intelligence folks the Democrats the
people who were sort of loosely
affiliated in the anti-trump world are
running a coup that is made partially
invisible through psychological tricks
now those psychological tricks are
obvious to some of us those people who
sort of study these things can see it
see it like you're reading it from a
book but those of you who are not
steeped in the ways of persuasion it
would be invisible to you for example
you you do understand that half of the
world thinks that the president has
already done such fraudulent and
criminal things
that it's obvious he should be removed
and jailed half of the world has been
hypnotized into thinking that the
president has committed actual crimes
that are not only numerous but proven
and that it's just right there and you
can see it now I don't know how they
explained the fact that he's still in
office and there doesn't seem to be any
legal action against them other than
maybe they're waiting for him to get an
office or something but half something
like half of the country has been
hypnotized into believing that the
president has already committed crimes
worthy of impeachment and that they can
see them that's this is the funny part
that they can see them and if you ask
them well I can't see them can you give
me an example you get crazy okay I
was doing this yesterday with I won't
name names but he lets say a prominent
person was debating me yesterday
privately and saying that it was obvious
that President Trump was going down for
his various financial fraudulent
Billings and so I asked for an example
and the examples given were what if
examples what if we see in his taxes a
problem what what if the impeachment
process allows somebody to find out
something about some money laundering or
something he's alleged to have done what
if he didn't account on his taxes in a
certain way that would be illegal to
which I say I'm pretty sure you can what
if anybody into jail what if you murder
somebody tomorrow what if your house is
not really yours and you stole it what
if a lion comes into your room and kills
you well you can what if anything if
that's the best you have but you're
believing that the what if is the same
as facts you're in
some kind of a hypnotized Bubble reality
where the the deep state has hypnotized
you you're actually seeing stuff that
isn't there let me give you my best
example so it's always more that the
hypnosis is always more clear when
you're dealing with somebody who is
under normal circumstances very rational
and that's why for Reid Zakaria is a
perfect example now I've been watching
for Reid's content mostly on CNN for
years and I'm a big fan so Fareed
Zakaria is very well informed very good
at his job very smart and I would regard
him as one of the more rational players
in the public eye very rational guy
hears I'm gonna paraphrase so I hope I
don't get this wrong because I'm not I
promise I'm not trying to misinterpret
him to get some kind of political point
I think this is a fair statement of his
opinion in part he was saying that he
had been a against impeachment to the
president or against the impeachment
process up until recently and one of the
main things that changed his mind just
wait for this and remember I'm pointing
out for Reid because he's so rational
super rational proven intellect okay
and he said this I think I've got this
right if I'm misinterpreting him I will
be happy to apologize if anybody points
it out but I think this is what he said
he said that the problem is that the
impeachment inquiry it's going on the
president is resisting and that it's the
resisting of that investigation
that makes it an impeachable situation
to which I say the impeachment thing is
illegitimate the president knows it's
illegitimate and here's the best part
his resistance is completely within the
legal framework
in other words he's resisting they're
making a legal argument
the legal argument will be taken to
various courts and then those courts
will decide all evidence from this
president is if the court decides that
he has to do something he's going to do
it there is no history to suggest that
the administration will do anything
except follow what the courts tell him
to do so here's this hyper-rational guy
and again I I mean this completely
seriously Fareed Zakaria is a serious
intellectual force and very credible in
general but he actually said in public
like it made sense that the president
using ordinary legal mechanisms obeying
the law in the sense of following the
legal process and resisting what is
clearly an illegitimate impeachment
process that is only for political
purposes there's somehow that resistance
is the evidence why he should you should
be impeached now for those of you who
were not hypnotized does that make any
sense to you that is not what rational
people say it's not the opinion of
somebody whose brain is working
independent of influence he's got a very
strong brain and I think this is just my
impression you know I'm not a mind
reader but I believe that his intentions
are to be accurate and fair I don't
believe he's saying this just to make a
political point I think that he believed
when he said that the president has
crossed the line into impeachment
territory by resisting through normal
legal means totally appropriate legal
means participating in a witch-hunt is
that a real opinion seriously now if you
are not a trained Adventist and most of
you are not but I am one of the things
you learn is cognitive dissonance and
unlike those of you who have just sort
of read about it you know it exists you
know that people have it
hypnotists learned to spot it more
regularly in other words our framework
has cognitive dissonance so built into
it that we see it everywhere you know
maybe we see it too much but to me this
is just a classic example because I
believe that Farid probably saw this as
an entirely rational thing to say but
when I see it because I'm not rapidly
anti-trump I look at it and I say that
doesn't make any sense at all
resisting a witch-hunt using completely
legal normal process in the courts is
nothing it's literally nothing there's
nothing there and yeah he's decided that
would be reason enough to overthrow an
election I mean how do you get there
except being hypnotized so are you and
again I use the word hypnosis as my
digital assistant is listening to me
so to get back to navall spoink how can
the unarmed half of the country
overthrow the armed half and the way
that they'll do it is by making the
country think it didn't happen they the
the intelligence agencies are experts at
this stuff the reason that people are
experts at intelligence is because they
understand how to hide things out of
cool things that how to fake things out
of have secret identities had to be had
a sneak around all of the things you
learn to be an intelligence professional
would teach you how to hypnotize the
public and it looks like now I'll say I
won't say it looks like this is what's
happening statement effect there are
members within the government and the
media who do work together we all agree
that's a fact right we know that the
intelligence people are not at least
some number of active ones are and and
retired ones are not fans of the
President
and we can observe right in front of us
that they have created something and of
nothing they have created a hypnosis
persuasion reality which they're trying
to fit into people's heads and if they
do they will have achieved a bloodless
coup and and they're actually making a
really good attempt at it let me ask you
this but put this in perspective one of
the biggest stories and what everybody's
talking about is the Ukrainian phone
call that's President made and here's
let me give you a thought experiment
imagine the world just an artificial
world in which there's a person who has
never followed the news has never seen
the news pro Trump never seen the news
anti Trump and yet they understand you
know what a president is and they know
how the system works and everything but
for some weird reason they have never
watched a single news coverage okay and
then you take to that person this story
you say so the president was on the
phone call with the head of Ukraine
there were some some reasons to suspect
that the guy who's polling first to be
president in the next election might
have some serious financial conflicts of
interest would which would make it very
dangerous to be President so the
president talked to the president of
Ukraine and said can he help me out with
this investigation of this fellow who
looks like he obviously has some
connections there would be a problem if
he were elected and and by the way just
some background we have a treaty with
Ukraine for investigations and while it
would be maybe more appropriate that
this sort of thing is handled at the
staff level in other words the FBI is
the right entity for example it's good
if the leaders talk so the leaders were
queuing it up to make it easier for the
underlings to do what they needed to do
so in this thought experiment I've just
described this to someone who's never
watched the news
they'd never seen the CNN they've never
seen Fox what did they say about the
phone call do they say that president is
a traitor and he sold out the country
for political gain nope no they don't
probably never I'll bet you could have a
thousand people in a row
and not one out of a thousand would hear
that story the way I just described it
and say you know that guy you know you
didn't mention this but it's obvious
from the story that the president's a
big old traitor and he's selling out the
country for political gain nobody would
have that interpretation everybody I
believe a hundred percent of people who
had not been exposed to the hypnosis of
the news if they had not been exposed to
that would have just heard the story and
say yeah alright and then let's say you
said okay but yeah I don't want to bias
the experiment I will tell you that some
people don't think it's right for the
president to ask a foreign power to do
something that could have an effect on
the election now what do you think about
it and again this is somebody who has
never had any exposure to the news no
pundit no opinion whatsoever what would
they say about it they buddy say yeah I
can see it I guess the other point how
important is it important it was a phone
call it's not important yeah I could see
I can see why some people are saying you
shouldn't do that but definitely not
important and by the way it was also his
job yeah I can see it's just not
important do you think you could get one
person to say that the president should
be impeached if you could describe that
situation to them without the pundits
telling people what to think now I've
been telling you this for a long time
the public does not form opinions on
politics the public does not form upon
form opinions their opinions are
assigned to them you can tell because
you just go on social media and all the
opinions are the ones you just saw on
the news right
almost never do you see somebody with a
unique opinion that's why Matt Taibbi
stands out the reason the reason that I
tweeted that around is not because it's
not because I agreed with the opinion
because he said some things about
Trump's that I would not agree with and
some some predictions that I wouldn't
agree with what was unique about it so
you hadn't seen that opinion before Matt
Taibbi
had maybe the first opinion you've ever
seen that wasn't assigned to him think
about it Matt Taibbi wrote a public
opinion piece in which as far as I can
tell he might be the only person whose
opinion was not assigned to him by the
media here's another one Glenn Greenwald
there's stuff that there are things that
Glenn Greenwald says that I just don't
like it all and don't agree with so he
and I are not philosophically compatible
I'm not a I'm not a fan in terms of his
opinions but I'm a big fan in terms of
his credibility because he has opinions
that you just don't see anywhere else
because he's willing to say hey maybe
both sides are bad how about that you
just don't see that a little bit similar
to Matt Taibbi as opinion so keep in
mind that you have a situation in which
the intelligence agencies with all of
their training and persuasion are
working with the media and all of their
their platforms for persuasion and that
collectively they're creating a a
hypnosis based reality that is sucking
more and more people into it such as
Fareed Zakaria and they're buying into
an artificial view of the world that is
so strong that they could take over the
country in a bloodless coup completely
believing things that aren't true and
that appears to be the situation that
appears to be the situation as far as I
can tell
my my best to the degree that I could be
objective my best objective opinion is
that you're seeing a permanent coup
situation in which people who have way
too much ability the intelligence people
plus the media they have a lot of
ability to form opinion they're using
that to do what guns used to do so
that's the situation all right there's
some there's some breaking news that
hunter Biden is just can use stepping
down from the board of a Chinese company
now you can imagine what the pundits
said about that I was a Brit Hume who
said it best I wasn't doing anything
wrong and I'm gonna stop doing it right
away
yeah somebody said beau why if it was
never wrong
why do you have to step down well that's
the problem isn't it if it was ever
appropriate he shouldn't have stepped
down but if it was always inappropriate
Wow
thanks for finally admitting it and
stepping down so there was no way for
him to win he couldn't stay there and he
couldn't step down he had two bad
decisions maybe stepping down was the
the less bad of the bad decisions so
that's interesting I think it's
hilarious that one of the effects of
this election is that Trump will cause
hunter Biden's income to go way down I
mean think about how much money hunter
Biden is going to lose because Trump is
after it's gonna be a lot I mean
millions
I mean hunter Biden's entire lifestyle
this probably just completely rearranged
now because however rich he thought he
was going to be well maybe not so much
now I'm seeing the hashtags here so I
understand that Project Veritas
is teasing that there's some video
coming out from inside CNN is that yet I
have not seen the news on that so
sometime today we're gonna see that can
anybody give me an update in the
comments as project Veritas dropped yet
so we'll all be looking forward to that
the slaughter meter the slaughter meters
at a hundred percent unless the deep
state and the media working together
accomplish their coup ahead of time let
me ask you this 18 months before in
elections how much do you really need an
impeachment do you really need that is
there can you have any credibility if
you're trying to impeach somebody while
there's an election on it would be one
thing to impeach somebody the day they
got elected for their second term
because then you know maybe you could
save three or four years of whatever
badness you're trying to avoid but if
you're trying to impeach somebody while
we're in the you know we're starting to
heat up for the actual election there's
no way - that can't be supported the
only way you could support that is to
prove somehow that the president is an
immediate danger that leaving him in
there one more minute would be bad so if
you can even get an amount of there a
few weeks early before the end of this
term that would help unless you can make
the case that the the danger is
immediate there is no question that it's
political and if you've bought into any
of the things they're saying about the
president's behavior that is clearly
insane and illegal according to the
hypnotists well ask yourself if that's
an independent opinion because it's not
you've been assigned that opinion all
right that's about all I've got for now
did I miss anything
somebody says they're not trying to
impeach they're trying to influence
elections yeah well I think they're
trying to do whichever they can get away
with so if they could impeach they would
if all they can do is influence the
election they will and that's all we got
somebody says how do we stop the coup
well that's a good question you could
vote for Trump that would probably do it
you know assuming that the Senate is not
willing to go along with the coup and
think about it the Senate is the only
thing protecting protecting us from a
coup that's it
if not for a Republican majority in the
Senate the coup would have already
worked think about that if you didn't
have a bullet if you didn't have a
Republican majority in the Senate the
coup would have already worked they
would have already removed the president
that's mind boggling for nothing the the
hypnotists and the coup plotters would
have already removed the president
except for a Republican majority in the
Senate that that's just mind boggling
alright somebody else for me when hub
update I'll give you that in a bit
I've got I'm working on some stuff here
that made maybe will be worth talking
about real soon
mockery is probably the best approach I
don't know I don't know if mockery will
get them off base any predictions on the
coup yeah my prediction is that it will
cause president Trump to win in a
landslide so I believe that between now
and Election Day the the coup masters
will be sufficiently unmasked that
people were going to be really angry
that they fell for one fell for one scam
after another I mean I don't know how
key
will can look at the whole Russian
collusion situation and come away from
the thinking well it was a good try or
well I think there was still something
there it just seems to me that even some
Democrats or at least independents are
gonna say you know I think you've I
think you fooled us too many times who
do they want to rule well everybody
wants to rule all right that's all I got
for now and I will talk to you all later
happy Columbus Day