buh buh buh buh buh buh buh-buh-buh papa
hey everybody come on in here it's
starting to look like the Summer of Love
is not working out quite the way I hoped
but you know it does work out exactly
the way I hoped coffee some of you call
it coffee but you weren't born where I
was born where I was born
it's coffee and we're gonna have some
it's gonna be good it's gonna be the
best coffee you've had in the last 10
minutes I promise you that mmm
simultaneous sip is the best step ever
so let's start with some good news
there's a feel-good story most of you
have missed because you're looking at
all the bad stories today the feel-good
story is that at the world cup
apparently there are two countries that
are famous for bringing their own
garbage bags and cleaning up the stands
after the match and apparently it's just
a a cultural preference for not leaving
litter so one of them is Japan and the
other is Sangha Lee's am I saying that
right
single ah so apparently they're fans
like to clean up the stands before they
leave
yeah Japan is one and then ascetical I'm
sorry Senegal is the other and it was it
was kind of awesome just to see them
stay late to pick up garbage and and
think yourself yes my mic is on so if
you can't hear me it's probably out of
your end so respect to Japan and Senegal
for being good citizens and caring about
the people that they that they interact
with alright let's talk about the story
of the day
children being ripped from their parents
and kept in cages I like to start this
discussion the same way every time there
are no people in this discussion who
want children separated from parents it
would be a big mistake to imagine that
there are two sides to that nobody wants
that there is however a difference of
the long term and the short term there
are some people who say stop that
happening right now
even if it makes things worse in the
long run because it might encourage more
people to come and other people saying
yes we don't like it but in the short
run it is the best way to keep fewer
people from coming in the long run
now those two positions are unsolvable
because they're both imaginary you know
you you have to imagine what happens in
the future and you can't prove it so you
have two sides which can't resolve and
and never will I don't see any way
there's no logic there's no nothing that
makes us go away if you fixed it
tomorrow
it wouldn't go away because it already
happened so there is no fixing this so
we just have to deal with the fact that
the country just split into more more so
than ever you saw I'm sure by now you've
seen a clip of Corey Lewandowski making
the unfortunate noise
wah-wah when someone on CNN and other
pundit was describing a child with Down
syndrome being removed from a parent
that was not the best move any any
supporter of the president ever made in
fact it was just about the worst thing
anybody ever did yeah it would be hard
for me to imagine anything worse than
that it was literally just the worst
thing he could have done
you know short of pulling in a weapon or
something I don't know how it could be
worse than that there is you know if I
give you if I can give you any advice
first lead with empathy and then make
your point if you don't lead with
empathy nobody's gonna listen to the
rest of it so we all we all care about
the children does look like a bad
situation we don't like it to be fixed
now remember I told you that if North
Korea started going in a good direction
it was going to cause a massive
cognitive dissonance cluster bomb now I
didn't see this specific topic coming
but you can see how perfectly it fit the
times because there were half the
country was in some kind of mental
distress because their worldview had
been falsified the president had not
done anything Hitler --is-- and indeed
it looks like he was on his way to
solving nuclear risk with North Korea
that is a very dangerous place for a
mind to be and I predicted that people
would go crazy in a way we hadn't seen
since right after the election we're
seeing that now with this this is
absolutely a mass hysteria which is
separate from the real problem of
children being separated all right so
that the base problem is all real and we
all care about that
all right but the amount of
concentration on this one problem when
the world is full of problems and the
amount of emotion people are applying to
it is so far out of will say an of
proportion that it's pretty much you
know what I expected but I didn't expect
this particular trigger so people are
are going nuts because half of the
country believes that the other half is
okay with child abuse
and of course there's we don't live in
that world we don't we don't live in a
world where half of the country is
actually okay with child abuse that is
absolutely just an illusion it's not an
illusion that it's happening it's not an
illusion that kids are being taken away
but let me just list some of the
illusions and the bad thinking that's
going on people believe that they know
how to think and make decisions but in
fact most people don't and I say this
without any unkindness people who have
not learned how to think don't know how
you actually have to go to school to
learn it in most cases let me give you
an example I I studied economics and
business in college and the main thing
you learn there probably the main thing
is how to compare things that sounds
obvious right how do you compare things
but most people can't do it here here's
how most people think hey that thing is
bad we have to stop doing that that's it
that's how an untrained person thinks
something's bad it's bad stop doing it
let me give you an example taxes are bad
takes money for people who don't have
enough money let's stop doing it though
taxes are bad don't do it all right
that's not really thinking because the
second part is compared to what if you
stopped taxing what happens to society
etc so if you haven't studied economics
or anything else that would help you
think say the law you know I would think
maybe studying science or engineering
those would get you to the same place
you would know how to compare things so
what you're watching is a national
debate run by people who did not study
had to think because journalists no
really you know live in that world they
live in a world of emotion and Hevea how
do you make people feel so most of the
people who were who are talking about
this are not at the Sikh in the same
sentence they're not saying this is bad
but it's worse than this other thing
because most people have not been
trained to even know how to think so
you're seeing a big separation between
the people who say yeah this is terrible
in a short run but they're dunno buddy
has a better long run solution because
if you just allow the kids to be set
free or the families to be set free this
sends the message to hey it's a free
pass into the United States then
everybody comes and then your smallest
problem becomes a bigger problem now if
you don't have to think you don't worry
about that long-term stuff because
that's the comparison you ignore you
just go to the small and you say hey
children being taken from parents that's
it
that's bad alright so number one problem
is people who don't know how to compare
things especially they don't know how to
compare the short run to the long run
the other problem is that when you don't
know how to think you substitute in
something you think is thinking and
that's analogies how long have I been
telling you that analogies are not
thinking there are just things that
remind us of other things
what is the analogy that's ripping the
country apart right now well you can
have you can thank people like general
Hayden and mostly everybody at CNN the
analogy that's ripping the country apart
is taking children from parents is like
Nazi Germany and death camps so if you
don't know how to think and the best you
can do is find an analogy you're being
guided by other people who have thought
first or
said something first not really thinking
until until you say oh that's I guess
that's thinking that's what thinking
looks like if it feels like a Death Cab
to me then I guess that's the way it'll
go I can predict that here's so this
morning just maybe an hour ago somebody
on Twitter said to me challenging me
because back during the campaign I had
said that if Trump did something that
looked even a little bit like Hitler I
would change sides I would be anti Trump
the moment I saw something Hitler ich
occurring and and people are saying well
here it is ripping children from parents
just like Hitler what do you say Scott
are you changing sides to which I say
well I don't change my mind based on bad
analogies let me give you the first
problem that's wrong with the
immigration equals death camps analogy a
death camp a concentration camp is
designed and managed to kill people I
think we're on the same page with that
right a death camp is designed to kill
people that's what it's for
compare that to the immigration facility
which is designed and managed to keep
people safe and alive is that the same
as designing a system to kill people or
I know this is a hard question for at
least half the country or is it the
direct opposite now if you just say how
does it feel and you see a picture of a
parent and a child being separated you
say to yourself my god that feels awful
do you know what else feels awful a
death camp yeah they they feel they feel
similar
but you say to yourself you know that
that specific element of separating the
kids from the parents is so traumatic
that that can only be thought of as
child abuse don't tell me don't tell me
that the ends justify the means which by
the way I'm going to talk about in a
moment don't tell me the ends justify
the means that's some Nazi talk there if
you do something that traumatizes a kid
specifically removing them from a parent
you've done something terrible
do you know else who else separates
parents from kids the emergency room of
the hospital doesn't the hospital
separate children from kids now not as
long and they have visiting rights but
in the detention centers they also have
the right to call apparently they get
two phone calls a day or something
probably could work a lot better the
connection communication between parents
and kids but I would say if you're
working on an analogy if you were if
your system is designed to help people
that's more like a hospital isn't it
then like a death camp I'm just checking
the analogies
if you've designed something to help
people but they don't all get a good
result that's a little closer to a
hospital then there's the issue of the
kids screaming and crying which
activates our our non critical thinking
any adult who hears a child crying and
in distress that that goes right to our
most basic instincts and we go whoop and
and reason doesn't matter we will
immediately sacrifice our lives and our
welfare to help the kid crying but
here's the the thinking problem again
you have to keep things in context let
me tell you other times I've heard her
children screaming like it was the end
of their life I've heard it once
but his smartphone is taken away from
them I've heard it when a sibling was
playing with one of their toys I
wouldn't share do you remember being
dropped off at kindergarten I don't know
if you can think back that long but I I
don't have that many memories from my
childhood but I remember this one pretty
specifically when when kids were dropped
off for the first day of kindergarten
and the parents left about something
like a quarter or half of the
kindergartens cried like it was the end
of the world and why well they were
being separated from their parents and
they didn't really understand if it was
temporary if it was permanent how you
know they didn't have a good sense of
time you know what does it mean and if
you're in kindergarten what does it mean
that you can see your parents at the end
of the day I mean that's that might as
well be ten years from now so
the first context you have to put on
this is that children are being put into
distressful situations all the time
everywhere it's just part of their
process now that is different from
saying it's okay alright so I'm going to
catch myself before I get taken out of
context it's never okay to hurt a child
for no reason it's never okay the
children were put into distress it's
never okay that they're separated from
their parents but in context it is
something society does on a regular
basis all the time because that's how
you turn kids who can't handle life into
adults who can you you put them in
situations they don't love and they cry
about it but they get used to it now I'm
not making an analogy between
kindergarten and and these detention
facilities because I'm not a bad thinker
analogies are not reasons I'm not saying
that kindergarten is good therefore
detention is good not saying that if I
did I would be as irrational as the
people who say detention centers
bad the Holocaust is bad therefore
they're essentially the same thing
Ayala making is one point that in
context children cry bloody murder
fairly frequently there's a there's a
daycare center at the gym I go to so
people can drop off their kids for I
think up to two hours you should hear
some of the kids scream because they're
gonna be in a really nice play facility
for two hours but not with their parents
it's it's it's pretty pretty loud so if
you put a hundred kids in the facility a
few of them are gonna be screaming and
there's just no way around that but if
you make a decision based on hearing the
screams you're not part of the the
thinking class you're part of the part
of the group that's been activated you
know the the the part of your brain that
says children are in distress I'm gonna
I'm gonna go fix that I'm going to save
it as quickly as possible
now the all right so those are those are
some of the the mental problems were bad
at analogies we don't put things in
context and here's the next one I heard
this from a Catholic priest who was
interviewed on CNN I think and I forget
which host but the host put put it two
of them the the long-term argument and
said that the Trump administration says
that if you don't do this in the short
run things will be worse in the raw in
the long run what do you say to that
Catholic priests and the Catholic
priests looked at and it's like well
that's the old argument that the ends
justify the means
now I've talked to you before about that
saying that's saying oh you're saying
the ends justify the means is not
thinking it's not even close to thinking
it's almost the opposite of thinking
because you know what other situations
the ends justify the means all of the
situations that we choose to do all of
them in every situation where we look at
something and say well it looks like the
benefits of this or greater than the
costs so I guess I'll do the one where
the benefits are greater than the costs
because it wouldn't make sense to do the
one where the costs are greater than the
benefits because that's what thinking
looks like thinking looks like comparing
costs and benefits and then you put you
choose the one with the the best mix the
priest said this is a priest somebody
who's leading us in how we lead our life
said explicitly that you should not be
looking at the cost versus the benefits
you should only look at the cost and I'm
thinking well that's maybe the worst
advice I've ever heard in my life of
course you want to pick the solution
that is the best for the most children
as well as other considerations but you
know I'd like everybody else
where we human beings are sort of spring
loaded to put children as a high
priority
biologically socially on every level
and I buy into that as well if you're
not if you're not taking care of the
kids you're denying your biological
social existence so everybody agrees in
the priorities at least in this society
we do and in this day and age but you
still got to pick the one you have to
pick the one that has the most benefits
at the lowest cost
you're not absolved from that because
you feel more than the person you're
talking to you don't get to win your
argument because you cried harder at the
plight of the of the children who are
genuinely in a bad situation in many
cases all right so running through the
errors and thinking analogies are not
thinking they're just
things that remind you of other things
if you're not comparing things you're
not thinking you have to compare to
alternatives you can't just say this
one's bad because that would allow you
not to do anything you know I don't want
to exercise you know why because I get
tired that's not thinking the long-term
benefit of exercise is worth getting
tired that's thinking now when children
are involved and especially when they're
in any kind of danger
our critical facilities just go click
and and they're gone so it is is
perfectly understandable why you would
get this reaction and then on top of it
you add the distress that people are
feeling because they learned that their
president they thought was Hitler may
have solved North Korea and the
economy's good and other things that are
going pretty well
so they needed they needed a release
from that that feeling of being so wrong
personally and they've they've managed
to take that emotion and transfer it
into this issue which makes them a
little extra emotional about it now the
other thing I'm seeing is some kind of
competition to show how much people care
and I'm wondering if I'm wondering if
this is some kind of evolutionary
biological imperative or it's acting and
I can't really tell so if you look at if
you look at CNN MSNBC now you'll see
you'll see but I'm just going to go
ahead and mock them you'll see it MSNBC
and CNN doing things like this and I
can't tell if they're acting can you
because it's entirely possible that that
is not acting it's entirely possible
that they've you know they've worked
themselves into this state and it's
genuine but you know you have to be
skeptical because if somebody actually
cared about the children wouldn't there
be a hundred ways to help more children
than this situation in other words for
the same amount of caring and resources
you know money time and everything else
wouldn't there be lots of places all
over the world where kids are in for a
worse situation than in these detention
centers as bad as they are and again I
have to pause every now and then to lead
with empathy you wouldn't want your own
kid in one of these facilities you
wouldn't want to be separated for your
own kid no there's no minimizing of that
from me all right bad situation
everybody's agreeing okay but the truth
is if what you cared about was children
there are a hundred ways to spend your
time more productively in ways that help
more children just different ones just
different ones how hard it would it be
to volunteer to work at one of these
facilities let's say you were bilingual
and just go in with an iPad and there's
somebody with an iPad at the other place
and you just go in and say all right we
won't we won't go in the cage
with you know the people were being
detained but we'll stand on the outside
and say hey little boy little girl
what's the name of your parents and then
you call it up on me the iPad and say
well I'll help you have a conversation
here and by the way just to remind you
child you know this is temporary and
we'll get you a good solution eventually
so it seems like there are a lot of
emedia things people could be doing to
make things you know safer and better
for these kids and we hope that all that
gets done we hope that a bad situation
improves etc but if what you cared about
was the children you wouldn't be
obsessed on this situation where if you
were to rank
you know the distress of children around
the world this would be somewhere in the
lower third I would think if you're
looking at the entire world because
there be kids starving and you know
people in physical danger and being
trafficked and everything I'll say be
toward the top but you know toward the
bottom you know these kids are at least
in physical safety etc now the the other
thing I'm saying is we're seeing the
medical community who are just as
susceptible to the emotional override of
their critical thinking so just because
people are also trained in Sciences
they're they're they're healthcare
professionals that doesn't make them
rational all the time it does make them
more trained and more rational than most
people most of the time but it doesn't
make them rational in a situation where
children are at risk and that's that's
everybody's big trigger children your
your brain just flips a bit so one of
the things I'm saying is the experts are
weighing in and saying that there's a
real lifelong risk to children being
separated from parents but what they do
but when they say that they tend to talk
about two things that muddy the waters
one is hey there's this study about kids
that were permanently separated from
adults at a young age and what happened
to the child who was permanently
separated well bad things turns out
there's a whole range of things which
are more likely to happen that are bad
for the child who was permanently
separated how many studies are there
about children who were temporarily
let's say just a few days separated from
parents
I'm guessing zero because if there were
studies like that we'd have studies of
British boarding houses you know British
boarding school we'd have studies of
children who are sent
camp even though they didn't want to go
we'd have studies of how much trauma you
get for going to kindergarten versus
homeschooling we have lots of things
that would have been studied to find out
how much trauma there is being separated
just temporarily when you know you're
going to be put back together now in the
case of the really small children they
actually maybe don't understand that
they will be reunited in a few days but
those very small children also don't
understand that when they're dropped off
at daycare that they will be reunited
that night
so the real little ones are being
subjected to PTSD almost every day
they're being separated from their
parents on a regular basis and don't
know when it ends and they don't
understand it somebody's saying
tone-deaf now you must be signing in
late the the starting tone here is that
we all have great empathy for these
children nobody wants to see them
separated from their parents it is very
bad no parent would ever want that for
their own kid we're all on the same page
where were where the difference comes is
what to do about it that's all we're
talking about now the other thing I'm
finding out online is people saying the
president can just fix this with a
stroke of the pen and I feel like I'm
the only person in the world who was
saying yes he can fix the short-term
problem which is children being
separated simply by letting them go and
just let them enter the country open
border that's absolutely true the
president could solve that problem just
like that but it's not the thinking to
say he therefore should that's now
thinking that there's no rational
thought and he can solve it instantly
therefore he should just sign something
and
like that that's not thinking because
that's half of the situation the other
half is what happens if you do that well
what happens if you do that is you get
into the situation that caused them to
do what they're doing now it just goes
back to the other problem the other
problem is that it encourages more more
illegal immigration more families
dragging their kids across you know
great dangerous situations more rape
more everything somebody saying you're
lying
so that that's the that's the trade-off
so here are your mental your your
thinking errors and watch how often you
see them thinking error number one is
universal all right this one isn't one
side of the other both sides are
triggered by children in distress there
is no other thing more triggering we are
less concerned with our own safety we
are less concerned with the safety of
other adults you know maybe animals are
the only thing that we care about as
much about as children so the first
problem with thinking is that nobody's
doing it because because we it's just
not an option when something that
emotionally triggering happens we all
just go into this weird non thinking
zone but if we could think the first
thing we do is put some context on it
and say wait a minute we separate
parents from children all on a regular
basis for all kinds of reasons hospitals
schools you know daycare
you know babysitters and in many of
those cases the kids are young and they
don't understand
where mommy is going and they cry like
it's into the world and it probably is
stressful all right so the context is
taking parents and kids separate for a
short periods it's a normal thing at the
same time we'd all like less of it
somebody says yours
self-deceiving Scott you you you can you
can leave a reason nothing will stop you
from including a reason in the comments
so if I got a fact wrong or if I'm
thinking wrong just mention it there's a
good chance I'll change my mind if you
have a good reason alright so that's the
first problem the second problem or
there's no context I guess it's two
problems we're all triggered beyond the
ability to use our sense of reason
because we're overwhelmed by children in
trouble and should be right there's no
problem with that that that's a very
human you know admirable feeling we we
respect that feeling but it allows us if
forbids us from seeing the context which
chilled which is children cry for a lot
of things and they don't know when
they'll see mommy next even when mommy
goes to work the next thing is we use
analogies that are just ridiculous
because it's sort of the the the simple
way of what we think is thinking but it
isn't it's just things that remind you
of other things so are these detention
centers which are designed from scratch
to keep kids safe and healthy and to get
them into a better place is that like a
death camp or is that closer to a
hospital which is designed to get kids
into a better place it's designed to
help them now the answer is that neither
of them are thinking it's not thinking
to say that a detention center is a
hospital just think of all the
differences but it's also not thinking
to compare the detention center to the
Holocaust it's not thinking to compare
it to dropping kids off a kindergarten
it's not thinking to say it's like
putting them in summer camp none of
those are thinking they're just things a
remind us of other things all right
now that said because there's a long run
and short run problem and people are not
good at comparing the long run in short
run people prefer just dealing with the
short run you're seeing an unsolvable
problem and it's and you'll see the
conversation looks like this somebody
will say for example children are being
ripped from their parents that's a
tragedy what are you going to do about
it
and then the Trump supporter let's say
says well yes I agree with you this is
terrible children should not be ripped
from their parents we certainly want
less of that but if we do this in the
short run it could get us to a point
where there's less of it but if we don't
do it now you know the long run will be
even worse so your suggestion Dale will
create more of what you don't want do
you realize that
[Music]
okay how many times have you seen that
conversation right look for it look for
how many times you see Dale says bla bla
bla this is a horror and the person
responding says it is a horror you are
completely right Dale let's get less of
that horror and we're trying to do that
the best way we can and then Dale just
sort of stops talking
it disappears because Dale cannot
acknowledge that the long run situation
is real Dale says stuff like it and I've
seen this on social media because I've
been challenging people to give me the
third the third option I've said there
are only two options you either let
people free in the country there are
only two options in the short run and
the long run there's all kinds of
options in the short run only two
options you do something that puts kids
in cages and I'm adopting that language
by the way and I see no reason that you
should not use the same language because
there was a time when you could have
tried to resist using that children in
cages analogy but at this point I had
just embrace it they are cages they're
big cages but their cages and their
children in them it's children in cages
all right so let's call it what it is
it's children and cages but the
alternative is more children being
trafficked that were abused by the
adults if they're in the same place and
they're not related at cetera so if
you're taking the side against children
and cages which is a reasonable thing to
do nobody wants children in cages you
have taken the side of more trafficking
in the short run
in the long run we could probably solve
all of it right you could build a wall
you could build more facilities to keep
the families intact
you could add some DNA testing you could
speed things up you could add some
judges so in the long run all kinds of
good things you can do in the short run
just two choices and you you got I think
you need to you need to be honest about
which one you're taking I'm choosing to
not be on the side of child trafficking
that puts me on the side of something
terrible children and cages but unlike
most participants in this conversation
I'm not going to live in the imaginary
world where there's a where there's a
third option that for some reason for
some reason I just saw in Dershowitz
comment so I some-something Dershowitz
ed has been sticking in my mind he said
that when general Hayden compared the
detention centers with the children to
concentration camps that it was a form
of Holocaust denial and when he first
said it I thought to myself well what do
you mean that's a form of Holocaust
denial that I don't get that but of
course because it's Alan freaking
Dershowitz and everything he says is
smarter than everything I think I I
apply what I call the Dershowitz rule
the Dershowitz rule is if he says
something there should says something I
don't agree with instead of doing what I
reflexively do with everybody else which
is think of the reason they must be
wrong I say to myself oh crap he's
probably right let me spend a little
time thinking about his point and so I
did and I kind of get it so here's that
here's the Dershowitz point that
comparing the detention centers to the
Holocaust is a form of sort of a weak
form of Holocaust denial because
remember the people who denied the
Holocaust say stuff like well they were
just trying to take care of them you see
it now
the people would deny the Holocaust say
no no these were just facilities where
they put put people to take care of them
it wasn't to kill them and you're making
that analogy to the detention centers
which are which people are saying oh
these are just to take care of the
children so I can kinda see it in an
argumentative way I don't think it's
helpful to to make that point but I can
certainly see his point
it it minimizes it minimizes the
emotional impact of the the Holocaust by
comparing it to something that's so far
from it that it's it's a ridiculous
analogy uh okay now let me talk about
one other thing that the Trump
supporters are getting so wrong that
it's astonishing so you're saying the
the anti Trump folks make this argument
they say that the President must be
doing this to use the children as pawns
to to get what he wants in immigration
well no to use the these using it as a
deterrent in other words the president
is doing things that are bad for
families and and the children because
he's using it as a deterrent to reduce
more people from wanting to come in now
when you word it that way nobody can
agree with it because they say oh my god
I don't want to I don't want to be on
the side that's using children as pawns
and you know that's that's when the
Catholic priests can say well the ends
the ends don't justify the means and
here's the better way to frame that all
law enforcement especially when it's
being tightened and anything that you
know creates a new law or a new penalty
or increases the penalty any anything
that adds to law enforcement is designed
as a deterrent there are
is there any exception to that all laws
are in part deterrence you know some of
some of the reason for laws and
penalties are to remove people from the
street temporarily maybe some would say
to rehabilitate them maybe some would
say revenge but deterring the crime has
got to be the number one reason it's got
to be the number one reason that people
have laws so the president tightened the
penalty for immigration and then the
question people are saying is did you do
this you know are using these children
to deter a crime the answer is that all
of the immigration laws
including this one are to deter more
immigration there's no exception of
course but if but if you say are you
punishing children to deter a crime I
wouldn't agree or disagree with that I
would say now you're looking at one
variable all all law enforcement on any
topic immigration or any other topic if
you tighten the penalties it is as
partly a deterrent of course so yes it
is because that's the normal way the
world works now in this case because
children are brought into it by their
parents are the children's victims of
this absolutely
yeah the children are totally victims of
all this
Trump has just handed the house to the
Democrats well let's talk about it
politically so I've talked to Bennett
logically let's talk about it
politically politically this is you know
disastrous probably for Republicans
probably but let me let me put some
caveats on this remember that it was
only one week ago we were talking about
North Korea I don't know if
the anti-trump heirs can maintain this
level of outrage things that we used we
used to think we're going to be the
end-all be-all just become less
important a week later so we'll see so
let's see if let's see if this you know
is still as emotional in two weeks
because our first impression is my god
this is you know this will never be less
of an issue than it is right now that's
that's how it feels at the moment but
we've been surprised before and I think
that you know if if there are some steps
taken to reduce the discomfort of all
people involved that that might go a
long way towards you know reducing the
emotion on this but it's a pretty yeah
we've already forgotten about stormy
Daniels problem will be fixed by Friday
somebody says I don't know about that
see it seems to me that if the
administration well let me make it let
me make a suggestion so here's my
suggestion
politically alright so I don't have
suggestions I'm not the brightest guys
in the world so I can't I can't tell you
how to solve immigration etc but what
the problem that the Trump
administration has is that they have
photos videos and audio on the side that
is killing them right so you can't beat
the visual of children in distress you
can't beat the sound of them crying
those are gold-plated nuclear visual
emotional images and they're just
helpless because what the what the Trump
administration has in return you know
they're they're counter-attack to these
visuals and the audio the visceral stuff
concepts a concept of like well if we
don't do this things might be worse in
the future you know you're not a country
unless you have a border these are just
concepts concepts lose two pictures and
sound every time right the reason that
we're focused on this issue instead of
the billion kids that are starving
everywhere else in the world is we don't
have a picture no have a picture what
one of the most underreported and
biggest reasons that the that Isis was
finally trounced in Syria is we stopped
allowing people to take pictures so some
day it will come out what happened in
Syria that got rid of all the ISIS and
it is not going to be pretty but it
couldn't we couldn't have gotten there
without getting rid of the photos you
know the evidence had to be eliminated I
and you know don't make any analogy to
the detention center the point is that
the visual is always bigger than the
conceptual now if the administration
wanted to to have a visual response what
would it look like what would be the
visual response to the visual agony well
I think it would be too artificial to
show you know a happy child in a cage
yeah that's that's no place you want to
go right it's like hey look at this kid
he's smiling and he's in the cage how
bad could it be don't do that
bad bad idea here's a better idea if you
could show a volunteer or a member of
staff with the video conferencing or
with the iPad talking to a child who's
distressed and connecting them with
their parents and watching the parent
and child talking now some of them might
be you know crying and distressed and
those would be bad visuals so you
wouldn't want to do that but their prop
we are plenty of them I would think the
majority which are just sort of used to
their situation after a day or so who
are just happy to see mom it's like a
month now you're doing and then they
then you show the you know the worker
saying and you understand that you know
we're doing everything we can we'll get
you back together and you know in a
little bit now if you had that visual
that would be a direct response that
would first of all be honest I'm not
suggesting anything being filmed that is
dishonest there clearly are people in
these separate facilities who are
getting to talk to their parents I'm
told it's twice a day but I'm very
skeptical that they have the facilities
for all of those people to connect with
all their family twice a day and yet
we've never seen a picture of it all
right there's something that's not
adding up right because they obviously
would have shown pictures of the kid on
the telephone or the kid looking at the
video of his parents the fact that you
haven't seen it I think is telling you
it doesn't exist right so so I'm calling
the Trump administration a liar on this
point and it's been reported by very
credible people that these facilities
for the kids and the parents to connect
exist and that they have regular access
to it I'm going to call on that
because if it existed and if it was a
normal part of the process you'd have a
picture of it all right maybe they'd
have to blur out the kids face but you'd
certainly have a picture of it somebody
says they saw it when did you see one
picture of a kid on the phone yeah so
here's my my thought if you're looking
at a short term solution send in some
volunteers with some iPads that know the
address of the other facilities and just
and just help the kids
have a have a parental connection even
if it's just the volunteer yeah there's
an adult in the room who's saying yeah
yeah your your parents are fine here's a
picture of them here they are talking to
you
we'll get you together in a couple days
sorry about this bad situation we're
just trying to keep you safe all right
so you could take a situation which is
bad and you could make it less bad
fairly quickly with low technology
assuming they have Wi-Fi in their
facilities I assume they do all right
how do I feel about them trying to
imprison children in downtown Houston
said somebody in all-caps now you say
that like I would be in favor of
imprisoning children for no reason so
check your thinking check your thinking
of that their parents are in Mexico well
for the kids whose parents are in Mexico
that's a different situation those are
not the ones who have been ripped from
their parents they're the ones who you
know mutually decided to separate so
what tools of persuasion could the
president use to win on immigration well
have you seen yet a chart showing the
short-term versus long-term situation in
other words have you seen the chart they
showed you know this was the this was
the number of kids who were put in
danger under the old policy versus the
new policy you know how about a children
in danger chart one of them one path
puts more children in danger on the
chart than the long run and this path
keeps a number of children in these
stressful situations that nobody likes
and the short run but we're also working
on making that situation better because
you know
the attention on it is productive and by
the way let's if you if we can all just
step up a level doesn't everybody agree
that having this much attention on this
situation with the children will lead to
probably a better situation so on some
level the the system is doing exactly
what it should do the the media the
checks and balances you know in the
sense of checks and balances we are
actually moving in the right direction
even though it feels like exactly the
opposite this much attention and the
problem almost certainly will bring with
it resources and ideas and solutions and
if the media wants to guarantee that
they should keep on it just keep on it
but the answer to your question what
should the administration do to
inoculate itself needs visuals and it
needs visuals of the short term problem
versus the long term so you can see on a
graph that can be reproduced that look
you know what we're doing is bad for X
number of kids and parents and we're
doing this to avoid this situation which
is a bigger ball of parents and kids in
distress and then pictures of children
actually communicating with adults which
which again I'm going to call I
don't believe that these facilities have
adequate regular communication between
children and adults I do not believe
that's true I believe that is just a lie
there may be facilities to do it but it
must be so inadequate otherwise we'd see
pictures of it happening all over the
place so let's fix that we can fix that
by this afternoon that's one of those
problems that you know you could walk to
the Apple Store it wouldn't be hard to
get funding because the public is all
charged up you know do a GoFundMe give
some volunteers who are willing to go in
there once a day twice a day
all right and then the DNA testing I had
a question could anybody tell me how
long it takes to do can anybody tell me
how long it takes to do a DNA test the
fact check me please how long does it
take to do well six weeks if you are
using 23andme but with current
technologies I see mark is saying 48
hours and I'm guessing that that is a
knowledgeable yeah
if the kits if the if the equipment is
brought into the facility you you get
rid of a lot of the time lag right on
CSI it's five minutes yeah overnight
forty-eight hours all right so I'm
seeing people 48 hours seems like that's
probably the answer but I'll look for a
more authoritative answer so there's
somebody on here who keeps asking me why
I'm siding with Netanyahu not exactly
I'm not exactly sure where that's coming
from at least on this topic my view on
Israel's that Israel exists I know
that's that's a radical thought but
Israel does exist and there's really no
situation where I could be in favor of
an existing country doing something
that's against its own interests so
Israel is very good at existing and
pursuing its own interests and it
wouldn't matter what country it was if
they exist and they're pursuing their
own interests and would like to leave
other people alone if it were possible
it's an imperfect situation
does Palestine exist yes and the
Palestinians should do whatever they can
to protect themselves and their
situation absolutely yeah I support
anybody who any country that is taking
legitimate steps to protect their self
interests now that's different from
trying to take over another country you
know generally speaking that's a bad
idea and that's not anybody's best
interest the Horowitz testimony
well the Horowitz testimony seems to
have laid bare the following things that
the Russia investigation was always a
witch-hunt now whether or not it was is
less relevant to the point I'm making
which is it's hard to look at that
information and come to a different
conclusion so people will assume that it
was a witch hunt and all this all the
signs are pointing that way so it does
look like Hillary got good treatment
that the government members of the
government were in fact trying to get
rid of a legally elected president but
amazingly imagine the the magnitude of
this story suppose suppose we had not
heard any of them Mexico stuff and we
were just coming into the story now and
we found out that the IG had reported
that the guy that the guy who was in
charge of the Russia gate and the
Hillary emails was a guy who had said
several times that he was planning to
change the election results essentially
imagine if he just came into the story
he'd say my god that's the biggest
scandal in the world you know I can't
imagine a bigger scandal but we didn't
come we didn't airdrop into the story we
got here through this long protracted
imaginary battle that had
with Russia influencing the election
which which they tried to do but not in
the sense of Trump colluding in any in
any way and now the folks who are so
anti Trump can't really embrace the fact
that they were on the side of traitors I
mean think about it imagine that you had
invested your entire personality imagine
that you had invested your entire you
know self-worth and your impression of
yourself and everything on this whole
Russia thing and then you just find it
evaporating do you then go all the way
from look at look at the size of that
that travel it would be one thing to say
hey I thought Russia was real but it
turns out yeah it was just confirmation
bias that would be a long distance to
travel and most people couldn't do it
from yeah Russia is real and Trump
colluded all the way to okay it didn't
happen that's a long journey but that's
not what we're talking about we're
talking about going all the way from
Russia and Trump colluded past it didn't
happen all the way to the FBI was behind
it do you know how many mines are
designed to take that distance of a trip
none it is as close as you can get to an
impossible mental journey all the way
from trumpet and Russia colluding past
it didn't happen all the way to it was a
setup no brain can go that far so what
you're watching is people trying to
recraft a world in which they were right
all along and the way they're doing it
is with this children in cages stuff
that they're trying to turn it into a
larger Hitler NER
so that there Hitler narrative was right
all along and do you know why that's
important connect the dots why is it
important desperately important for the
anti-trump errs to be right about Hitler
you know in this case right that Trump
was just another Hitler why is that
desperately important now like life and
death you know they would get PTSD if it
weren't true it's because it's because
it's the only way they're going to be
able to excuse the people on their side
because the people on their side did try
to get rid of him and and these people
the anti-trump purse would have
supported that under the condition that
he really was Hitler do you see how
these two stories are the same story
they're part of a continuum because if
if Trump is not Hitler
if none of it's true and all he is is
the guy who got a good result with the
economy in North Korea and Isis if
that's what's true then they sided with
traitors
now accidentally because they thought it
was true now the traitors in this case
allegedly Strock so I'll throw in my
allegedly there in case I need that if
it's true that struck and some of some
of his buddies were actual traitors
meaning they actually were trying to
overthrow the election if that's true
and the person they were trying to
overthrow was actually Hitler they're
heroes who is mad about the person who
tries to kill Hitler
nobody
but what if he was never Hiller how do
you live with yourself if you just tried
to destroy the country because you
believe seeing it
imagine how dumb you'd feel if you had
been brainwashed by CNN and MSNBC and
you know they're the like imagine how
you'd feel if you'd been brainwashed
into overthrowing your own country and
none of it was real that's what just
happened or it looks like that's what's
happening you know we could still be
surprised with some of this FBI
investigation and Muller and all that we
could still be surprised but it doesn't
look like we're going to be surprised at
this point so how did the people who
wanted to destroy the country because
they had bought into the they were so
gullible they bought into this whole
baloney story about Russia how can they
live with themselves that they almost
destroyed civilization and that's not
and by the way when I say almost
destroyed civilization I mean they came
very close to bringing down the
government of the United States which
would have had a pretty big ripple
effect
you know the civilization would probably
survive but it would be one of the worst
things that ever happened to the country
to the world and that's what that's the
bind that their minds are in they've
been so gullible and so taken by their
own people and so wrong that they either
have to admit the the dumbest most
gullible people who ever lived
or there's only one way out only one way
out or Trump really was hillier and now
children in cages it's true it's true
children in cages exactly the same as
the Holocaust so their minds have to go
there they don't have any other escape
so if you're thinking to yourself
how can we talk these people and of a
view that maybe you think is
unproductive and the answer is you can't
I don't believe there's a way to do it
because they've they've painted
themselves in a mental corner in which
there are only two possibilities they
are gullible morons of a scale you've
almost never seen before I mean we're
talking about gullibility on a level I
don't it would be hard to think of
another example that was this bad but to
believe that a guy who ended up you know
reducing nuclear war risks and improving
the economy and doing the the good
things that are obviously happening to
imagine that they were so wrong when
they thought he was Hitler that you
can't get out of that trap those those
brains are broken right now and you can
thank your you can thank your media for
that somebody says we must help the
gullible morons I don't know of a way to
do it frankly don't know of a way to do
it time will help we are a media problem
is to get past you know that the fake
news and the the outrage that's
happening but when it comes down to
children being injured nobody's brains
are working correctly and and we don't
really have the option of using reason
or logic or context none of those tools
have any meaning once you've said
children and cages that's that's the end
of thinking thinking ends with that
sentence children in cages no more
thinking everybody turn off the thinking
you just got to stop the children in
cages you got to stop that situation all
right time time will help the emotions
subside because no matter how bad
something is we get used to it we don't
want to get used to it but we do so no
matter how bad the situation is we'll
get used to it at the same time steps
will happen I'm sure
not fast enough but steps will happen
make it less of a burden on the children
so I think over time it will it will
lessen in our in our minds children in
cages has strong elements of truth
what's completely true they are children
they are in cages you know it doesn't
help anybody to say that are not in
cages or to don't use a word think it's
like well it's not detail it's not a
cage it's more of a high-end detainment
Center mmm it's a cage okay what cages
the when they first get picked up but
they're in actual literal cages later
they're in a shelter but they they can't
leave so it's a it's a structure that
they're in that they can't get out of so
that's about as close to a cage as you
can get do you think Trump should back
down
that's good question should Trump back
down
[Music]
depends what he wants if he's if he's
aiming for the long term he probably
should do what he can to make the
situation better in the short term but
probably not I'm not sure what backing
down means in this context because he's
offered as have a number of people have
offered solutions so he said that he
would take a number of different
solutions and as long as those solutions
exist and the Congress can you can adopt
them I don't think he will back down so
my guess is that he won't and I'm not
sure that he should because he is on he
is on the side of the best long-term
solution for children and if he were to
go to the short-term solution and make
it worse in the long term the he
wouldn't be the president that his
supporters elected
did Trump say infest oh yeah let's talk
about infest so in Trump's tweet he said
that the the immigrants were infesting
such as ms-13 now my reading
comprehension sees in fest in that in
that sense as hyperbole which he's
talking about the you know the bad
actors the child traffickers the ms-13
and stuff but of course but of course
that is taken as a secret racist
whistles in fest I think it was at if
you're looking for points where I think
the president made a mistake I would say
that would be one you know the the word
infest doesn't help him with his base
doesn't help him with the people who
disagree doesn't help him in the world
so I would say that word and fast
even though he meant it to refer to
ms-13 the same way you talked about
animals it was that was an own-goal
so if you're looking for me to support
the word infest I won't because that was
just a persuasion wording mistake and a
pretty big one
so as mistakes go that would be you know
that I'll add that to my list of things
that were persuasion mistakes that
didn't help anybody all right I'm gonna
end now and I will talk to you all
better