did you bum bumbum bum bumbum bumbum
hey everybody come on in here
let's did I say come on in here
apparently I need some more coffee and
it's time for the simultaneous tip for
the early birds to know how to get in
here quickly it's time well so the big
story of the day is the dumbest story of
the day but also the coolest story today
it's this Jonnie verse laurel thing if
somehow you missed it yesterday there's
a sound clip in which some people hear
very clearly the word Yanni and others
hear very clearly the word Yanni alright
so some people are hearing Yanni and
then the other people are hearing Yanni
I'm just screwing with you
some people are hearing Laurel and some
people are hearing Yanni I just wondered
if you'd notice now it turns out that
the secret to it is it's actually both
words and depending on what sound system
you hear or how sensitive your hearing
is you might hear one versus the other
or both and here's the interesting thing
as an audio let's say an audio illusion
is really cool but it's more than that
it's more than that because of the
context the context of the world
remember I told you that we would start
to see reality itself in a different way
and I've been telling you that we're
watching simultaneously two movies on
the same screen the first time you hear
that you say there's no two movies on
one screen there's just one movie it's
the one I see everybody else is just
stupid or uninformed and then you start
seeing people with this Johnny and
Laurel thing
and you're pretty sure that there's
nothing wrong with those people and they
are looking at the same clip or
listening to it and you realize oh my
god we can be in the same room literally
same room listening to the same file and
having a completely different experience
now my my point of view that I've been
talking about for a few years now is
that that's the normal way reality works
this little Laurel yani thing is not the
weird little exception that you think it
is that is a little peek behind the
curtain what when you go through this
Yanni and Laurel experience you have the
the small small small version of a
psychedelic experience a psychedelic
experience allows you to see you're
seeing reality through a completely
different filter even though you know
that you know an hour ago it looked
completely different and you realize
that your perceptions are just a filter
your perceptions are not part of the
world you know the world is doing
whatever the world is doing your
perceptions are your world and you see
this with the yachty and Laurel thing I
give another example that in my book
when Bigley it's called the McGuirk
effect and so I won't talk about that
here but in my book
or you could just google it McGuirk
effect it's a it's a I related for them
and it's spelled MC G u RK if you
googled McGuirk effect it comes up the
top of the list
alright so our normal world is that
we're all looking at the same stuff and
we're seeing different things maybe I
should give you an example okay I will
some of you saw that the news about
Chris sille is a writer writer
personality pundit for CNN
and he's being he's being criticized for
publishing a tweet with a photo that
seemed to some people as though he had
overlaid some kind of like a gun
crosshairs on president Trump those
people were seeing Yanni
but Chris explained almost immediately
oh that's just a mistake when the gif or
Jif was created there's a little screen
capture tool that looks like that little
with those crosshairs and we forgot to
take it out now once you see the
explanation it's pretty obvious that
that's all it was so let me first of all
be consistent with everything I say
about whoever is on either side of the
Trump situation criticizing solicit for
an artifact in a in a Jeff for a gif
depending it on you
I guess Jeff and gif are kind of like
Yanni and Laurel right everybody's got
their preference but criticizing him for
that is just it's just
alright somebody that somebody actually
said he meant it
alright if you believe that he really
meant to that you're seeing a perfect
eonni Laurel situation because in my
view it's completely obvious he did not
mean that I mean it could not be more
100 percent obvious that there's nothing
to that so as a story it's just an
artifact right but I am aware that some
people are seeing it like it's just a
fact that he put a crosshairs on the
president it's no different than Yanni
and Laurel the fact that you see it
clearly and that I see it clearly
differently doesn't tell you anything
about the thing it only tells you about
you and it tells you something about me
we're probably both seeing what we want
to see now I would suggest that my view
is probably more unbiased because the
person I'm defending is somebody that
I've criticized a number of times in
public so if I were operating
bias I'd probably be biased against him
but it to me it's obvious that there was
there's no crime no foul he deleted it
you explained it's the end of the story
let's talk about Israel and Hamas and
Gaza as we watch the news story of
Israel Hamas Gaza we're seeing Yanni and
Laurel
play out again some people see Israel
bravely defending itself against armed
intruders and for them that's their
Laurel and other people see innocent
women and children being slaughtered by
the dozens and that's their yani people
are seeing these justice clearly but
they're different now here's the context
I would put on this any any loss of life
is a tragedy so let's let's start let's
start with the the human part any loss
of life is a tragedy and nobody wants
anybody to die for for dumb reasons or
any reason really but you don't want
people to die for dumb reasons
especially so it's a tragedy first but
how big of a tragedy is it you know
because in our world size matters you
know one person dying is far too much
but if millions of people die that's
worse the way we score things so how
many people did did die and get wounded
in the Palestinian uprising protests I
guess you'd call it here's the thing the
the purpose of the demonstrations the
purpose the the intended purpose of the
people doing it is public opinion the
purpose of it is not to over around
Israel because they don't think that
their protestors are going to breach the
wall and take over Israel it's nothing
like that they're doing it entirely for
the look of it for the persuasion for
the for the coverage now if that's the
situation if they're doing it for the
coverage
do you think that the data coming out of
there is accurate in other words if the
Palestinian said Israel has killed X
number of people what are the odds that
that's accurate approximately zero right
so the odds of the the number that's
coming out of the protesters anyway you
look at it even if you're on their side
all right so forget about what side
you're on whose rose empathy you have
the situation is they are creating a
persuasion event in which unfortunately
part of this is people are going to get
hurt and that's part of what makes it
powerful so if the Palestinians say a
hundred people got shot you can mentally
dial that back to some people gunshot
might be it might be two or three so you
should look for a factor of you know
maybe a 50 X 100 X whatever from the
actual number who are injured - the
number that's being reported why can we
expect that because that's what it is
it is a persuasion event the point of it
is to get the biggest number of reported
killed while having the smallest number
of actually people hurt because nobody
wants their own people to get hurt
but they want to they want to get that
number as high as possible so the
reporting I've seen is completely
inconsistent meaning that if so many
people are being injured and killed if
the if those numbers are anywhere near
correct it would be all over video the
videos we see are of individuals who
seem to be a little bit wounded or
something so you can't really you can't
really determine how many actually are
hurt but we're not seeing any
confirmation of large numbers being hurt
so you should assume that whatever the
number is it's too much now
at this moment a lot of people watching
this or having a Yanni and Laurel moment
because some people are hearing me
I don't care if they get hurt even
though I'm as clearly as possible saying
exactly the opposite right I'm saying
clearly and consistently it's a tragedy
if even one person gets hurt nobody
wants anybody to be hurt we wish it
wouldn't happen we wish it couldn't
happen but it is also true that however
many real people got hurt the reporting
should be 50 X 100 X because that's the
point the point of it is to report the
biggest number that's how they get the
biggest advantage all right so yeah and
then the folks who who are pro-israel
are gonna see all the the video of the
guy with the fake crutches and the you
know the fake dead people and stuff like
that but we don't know you have to be
careful because even the pictures of the
fakes could be fakes I saw a video
yesterday of a bunch of people who were
pretending to be dead bodies but you
know they were laughing and joking in
between pictures and I said to myself oh
my god I guess that means that they dead
are really just faked but then I thought
for half a second more and I thought oh
my god the the video of the faking might
be faked so in other words we've we have
now reached a point I'm gonna call it
I'm gonna call it right now
we've reached a point where video and
photos lie remember remember what you
were young people you say pictures don't
lie
hey the picture doesn't lie we're not
there anymore the the pictures are
actually primarily designed for lying
now it used to be that a picture was the
one way you settled it all right I got a
picture I guess we can all look at the
picture and agree this is what happened
it's right there on the picture today
that's completely reversed today if you
see a picture it always comes from
someone who's trying to persuade you not
somebody who's trying to give you the
truth
so sometimes pictures are faked
sometimes taken out of context
and sometimes it's just Yanni and Laurel
you see the same picture and you get two
different interpretations alright let's
talk about North Korea as I had warned
you maybe a month ago I said you should
expect at least one to walk away this
appears to be at least one walk away in
which North Korea is saying you know
darn your eyes your you're not playing
fair with us now let me give you a
little history of North Korea the the
usual history that we hear we meaning
let's say Americans probably true in
Europe the history that we always hear
about the u.s. dealing with North Korea
is that we make a deal with them and
then those those dang North Koreans
break the deal and everything falls
apart you should be aware that that's
the yani version of the past the laural
version of the past which I can't tell
you is true or not true I'll just tell
you there's two movies I honestly don't
know which one's true I don't even have
a guess I'm just gonna tell you what
they are one version is that North Korea
in the past is always cheated on our
agreements the other version is the
United States is the one who started
every cheat so in other words there are
two versions one in which and this has
been reported by Western sources not
just North Korea there's one version in
which we have screwed North Korea every
time we had an agreement with them and
that caused North Korea to to break the
deal so there are two completely version
two two different versions so if you're
saying to yourself well history is going
to repeat those North Koreans keep
breaking deals I would suggest to you
that there's at least one movie in which
it's up to us because we're the ones who
keep breaking deals according to the one
movie and I don't know if it's the true
movie it's just a laurel and Yanni
situation so here's what I would expect
clearly there's nobody who I don't think
there's anybody involved in the
conversations with North Korea who is
super surprised at where we're at
because probably we negotiated by saying
hey we have the we have the superior
negotiating power here so we just ask
for as much as we could get and I'm sure
we asked for hey why don't you just give
away your nuclear weapons and we won't
give you anything that was probably the
first offer and I think North Korea just
speculating may have thought well well
we'll just you know do what we can and
they'll start meeting us halfway and
we'll meet in the middle and they may
have believed that they moved further
than we have moved so far so this may be
them taking a stand and saying all right
you know I made some moves I'll see you
make some moves or we're not going to
get anywhere but I think we have moves
we can make short of easing up on the
sanctions by the way you haven't heard
anything about sanctions in a few weeks
have you what about all the economic
sanctions I'm guessing that we eased up
on those but I don't know that just
because we haven't heard about it
China is influencing at North Korea yeah
I'm sure they are but I'm pretty sure
China doesn't want a war on the Korean
Peninsula so I would be surprised if I
would be very surprised if China is
telling North Korea to keep their nukes
to me that doesn't pass the snap the
sniff test ZTE I don't think we know
enough about the ZTE deal but it's being
terribly misreported you know that the
news likes to to deal with one variable
at a time so the one variable at a time
that they can deal with is oh we were
going to sanction ZTE but then China s
dust
- so we just changed your mind and now
we're not not doing it that's the one
variable analysis which is just
completely misleading because it's all
tied up with North Korea over the trade
deals with the farm the farmers in
America and it's a big complicated thing
so the fact that one of those variables
moved or reversed doesn't tell you
anything they you would need to see the
whole picture to know even what that
means so my guess is that President
Trump reversed the ZTE decision or he's
working on some kind of an accommodation
there because we got something in return
but we're not going to say what we got
in return all right the media flatters
ignorance that's an interesting way to
put it
let us have a simultaneous sip and try
to enjoy our day ah yeah John Brennan
so John Brennan's name keeps popping up
in the news Brennan and clapper you know
I got to tell you a story
so years ago I was a bank teller it was
my first job at a college I worked as a
teller at Crocker National Bank in San
Francisco and we would get robbed a lot
it's it's not a often reported fact but
banks and metropolitan areas get robbed
all the time and they often get robbed
when customers are in the bank and don't
even know it got robbed that happened
twice when I was working so twice I got
robbed by armed armed or allegedly armed
people want one show - God put it in my
nose and the other one just showed it
you know did the the pocket gun thing
where it's like yeah
give me I don't give me your money but I
suspect that was a gun as well yeah so
so the guy one of the guys who robbed me
put it put a gun to my nose and said
give me all your money that was a scary
moment because you're trained to hit the
alarm at the same time you're giving the
money I won't tell you how because that
would be a bank secret but the what I
was actually looking down the burial
barrel of a gun while I tripped the
alarm now if you if you if you don't
think that takes some nerves you're
wrong because it's fairly common for
people being robbed to not trip the
alarm because they don't want to get
their head blown off and indeed when the
police came later the police said wow
that's pretty brave because a week ago a
teller a gunner got her head blown off
in a robbery because she tripped the
alarm or was suspected of it I guess so
anyway here's the point of my story so
the perpetrator was caught and he was
put in a lineup and I was called down by
the FBI I guess it was the FBI was it
the FBI because it was a federal case I
think was the FBI and there was a lineup
so is it an official just like on
television a lineup so they had several
people pretending to be the bank robber
and one who was the actual bank robber
and then I and several other tellers who
had been robbed by the same perpetrator
at different banks at different times
we're all there at the same time to look
behind the the one-way mirror is it
called a one-way mirror or a two-way
mirror I forget but we could see and
they couldn't see us and here's the
point of my story the guy who was guilty
looked so guilty that even if I had not
been the victim of the crime I'm pretty
sure I could have picked him out of the
lineup he was the guiltiest looking guy
you ever saw standing next to a bunch of
people who look like they were
pretending to me it was obvious I just
with the guy I'm like seriously he's not
even trying to pretend not to be the guy
who robbed me but you know it was also
obvious so every day everybody in room
picked the same perpetrator nobody was
confused it was pretty easy we all got
the same one
let's get back to Brennan and clapper
when I look at John Brennan and clapper
I see that guy standing in the line up
those two guys looks so guilty to me now
you don't send people to jail because
some cartoonist says they look guilty
but I did tell you the Hillary Clinton
didn't look healthy not long before she
collapsed and had pneumonia so while I
would not even bet necessarily on my own
ability to identify criminality in
somebody just by looking at them you
know I'm talking about the way they talk
as well as the physicality of it yeah
that's the way they operate but I honest
god I've never seen anybody who looks as
guilty as John Brennan and clapper that
they just scream guilt and I remember
thinking this long before I even
understood what their jobs were like way
in the beginning when this you know this
first you know Russia collusion business
was happening I wasn't really paying a
lot of attention yeah you know not as
much as I am now and there would be
various Talking Heads of yeah blah blah
blah Trump did this blah blah Trump did
this and Brendan and clapper would be
two of them but every time they were on
TV I would stop and I'd say what is
wrong with these two guys there's
something else going on with these two
because there's lots of people like let
me say who it was the guy Rick Rick
somebody there so there are a number of
you know anti-trump errs Rick Wilson is
it but there are a number of anti-trump
errs who are just as angry about Trump
you know they're they're just as
bellicose about him but they don't
personally look guilty they just look
like they're lying or they're biased or
their or their emotional right they
might just be honest but they look they
look like they're giving some version of
what they believe Brendan and clapper
just look so freaking guilty to me and I
can't get that in my head and I'll tell
you again that I came to that conclusion
before I had any idea that they were
involved with anything that would be
even suspicious III came to that
conclusion literally just by watching
them on TV and saying what's wrong with
these guys there's something terribly
just wrong
all right so there is no way to know
what either of them did whether they did
anything that was or was not illegal
untoward treasonist etc we have no idea
or at least I had no idea I wouldn't
know how to validate any of that but you
won't see anybody look guilty er than
them all right
Lanice Scott is priming us because he
knows now I don't really I don't have
any secret information if that's what
you're thinking
I do not somebody said the New York
Attorney General has that same guilty of
something look
Stormies lawyer let's talk about a
Stormies lawyer
storm his lawyer is a little bit of
everything isn't he
because you know the the women love him
yeah the people undecided love him he's
certainly a force of nature he seems
very effective that what he's doing you
know if I were to judge him as you know
an advocate as a lawyer as a pit bull
I would say he's pretty strong a lot of
categories he's good on TV but but
something tells me we're gonna learn
more about him than we know now
now that's just because he has a certain
personality and it doesn't it's not a
I'm not going out on a limb to say he
probably has an interesting life and
we're gonna be finding out more about
that yeah I wouldn't you know you can't
trust you can't trust the reporting
about what he may or may not have done
with taxes or other clients or any of
that stuff we're in a world where the
initial reports about anybody doing
anything or just not trustworthy so I
wouldn't assume that any reporting you
see about him is accurate it might be
but I wouldn't assume it oh let's talk
about Ivanka unveiling so I guess there
was some criticism because Ivanka was
smiling during a ceremony which the
ceremony itself was a cause for smiling
but outdoors there were you know there
was death and destruction and and
carnage from the the protests so people
are saying oh it's about contrast why
did you get why did we get somebody
who's not an experienced diplomat to
which I say are you freaking kidding me
do you think there's a more experienced
diplomat than Ivanka that's just crazy
and and and how much experience do you
need to be a diplomat
and doesn't look like the hardest job in
the world frankly so given Ivanka's you
know natural personality her natural
popularity she's she's a good diplomat
you know we should be so lucky as to
have a vodka show up every every foreign
country I mean there's no way that works
against us all right
[Music]
somebody says is it smart to put a Jew
in charge of the Middle East talking
about concussion er you know here's the
thing
somebody is either going to be a Jew or
not a Jew those are only the two two
possibilities right and in either case
you know you have to wonder about bias
so everybody is something there you
can't really be unbiased about the
Middle East Kenya they're probably the
closest person to unbiased about the
Middle East is me because I'm not a
believer I've said this before that your
your ideal President of the United
States would be someone who is not a
believer of anything religion wise but
is very Pro religion as I am I used to
be sort of an angry atheist but it's
just so obvious that religion brings
real benefits to real people that I am
very Pro religion why would a Swede be
biased well because everybody is either
a Jewish or not Jewish and you know
being on a team or not being on the team
is enough for bias it's true that
someone would have less than others but
you can't get rid of it
yes so did you see the dust-up between
BuzzFeed and Candice Owens so Candice
has said on Twitter that but a BuzzFeed
reporter was talking to college students
were still in college who knew Candice
not too long ago or worked with her in
some way and they were they were trying
according to Candice they were
threatening to out their names
effectively daxing them if they didn't
if they didn't give up the goods and
tell tell BuzzFeed some good stories
BuzzFeed BuzzFeed did the worst denial
you've ever seen right so then the
accusation is that they were threatening
to release the names of people who knew
Candice which would be bad for those
people if they didn't give them some
goods you know some some dirt on Candice
I guess and BuzzFeed their response to
that very specific accusation was
Candice doesn't say they're interviewing
people is an ordinary part of business
to which I said what
that's not even denying the charge the
thing that both everybody agrees with is
that interviewing people is ordinary and
that a reporter interviewed people that
that's not in question the question is
whether they were threatened they didn't
even they didn't even address the charge
now that's not to say they're guilty but
if you were to take a thousand people
are charged who had been accused of it
let's say falsely accused of any crime
just randomly choose a thousand people
and say okay I randomly choose you now
I'm going to accuse you of a crime you
didn't do I would say you've murdered
somebody or you did some extortion or
something
what's your first response I didn't do
it that's your first response that's the
first response of innocent people I
didn't do that what are you talking
about that didn't happen
that's why innocent people say here's
what guilty people say well I I think
the system by which this information was
obtained was a normal system why don't
you tell people that the system which we
use to obtain information was a normal
system it's not even an answer to the
question so well I don't know that
BuzzFeed is exactly guilty of exactly
what Candice says happened and I know
that Candice is credible and would have
no reason to lie about this I can't say
for sure that BuzzFeed is guilty of
these allegations I can only say that if
you were to choose a thousand people
randomly and accuse them of something
they didn't do I think just about all
1,000 of them would say we didn't do it
or something like that that's all we
know
alright yeah somebody said you if you
accused somebody if somebody had a good
a humorous analogy that's all analogies
are good for is humor
somebody said you know hey you ran over
my child in my driveway and you're your
response to that that is I have a
driver's license no I'm saying you drove
over my kid in the driveway dude cars
exist you know it's like there's no way
you don't sound guilty
all right so that's it for today and I
will talk to you later