bum bum bum bum bum bum
jo-ann always the first I'd be
disappointed if you're not the first
person to sign on Russell you're in here
fast virus Joe JP good to see you Jesse
Donna Russ come on in here I think
you're in here quickly
because hey Sweden hey upstate New York
because I know you know it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous F grab your copy or mug
your vessel your Stein your glass your
container fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous sip and now your day can
start because all the important things
have been done and you did it well I
must say that was some of your best
sipping I've seen you sip before you've
been good before but this time that was
some simultaneous epi and nailed it nail
that some of you have seen a story a
hilarious story about a Russian advanced
robot that was shown off at some show
and this robot was so good
it looked like it could only have a
human being inside which it turns out
and it did now there's a two parts to
this story
the first way you you're probably seeing
it tweeted around is as if the person in
the robot suit was trying to fool the
audience into thinking it was a real
robot but it turns out that's fake news
because the the robot suit was a well
known robot suit and the actor was just
doing a shtick and the news reported it
as if the audience couldn't tell it was
a person in a robot suit now it's
possible that some of them couldn't tell
but the intention of it was not to
present a real robot
the intention apparently was not to
present it as a real robot it was just
for fun
so when and I I tweeted that before I
got corrected as well so be careful of
your fake news that one was that one was
delicious because even when I when I
first saw it I have to say that my
antennae were up a little bit in the
sense that it did look like it could be
real but I wanted it to be real because
it would be hilarious so I think I was
influenced by how much I wanted it to be
real but don't don't tweet that one
around that's fake news all right our
president has once again entertained us
with the following tweet this morning
and so this is President Trump
I often stated quote one way or the
other Mexico is going to pay for the
wall this has never changed our new deal
with Mexico and Canada the u.s. MCA is
so much better than the old very costly
and anti US aid NAFTA deal that just by
the money we save Mexico is paying for
the wall now if you're if you're one of
the anti-trump errs who doesn't get that
he does this intentionally and that this
is theater this for entertainment it's
it's to control the news cycle
it says much for fun literally for fun
as it is to make a point now it is a
point that people will pick up and
they'll turn it into an argument and it
will confuse the arguments and
everything else but if you don't
appreciate how hilarious this is that he
would even do this to just control the
conversation and the funny thing about
it is people know he's doing it they
know he's doing it just to control the
conversation but they can't not talk
about it
if your CNN you currently have to cover
it now we'll see if they if they can
resist but the beauty of this is that
it's going to cause the news to to argue
about whether it is fair to say that his
excellent trade deal is also paying for
the wall or it's just an excellent trade
deal which is it
did I just do a great trade deal that's
better than NAFTA or did I do a great
trade deal that's better than NAFTA and
pay for the wall now of course nobody is
going to you know I don't even think
your supporters think that that
qualifies as payment for the wall but it
is hilarious and it's not nothing better
trade deal is a better trade deal
alright so this is this is why the
president's supporters enjoy the show so
much if you didn't get that he's yanking
your chain
imagine how you would process this you
know what would you do you'd say my god
he's insane he must think his supporters
are so stupid they enjoy this now he
knows he knows how theater works all
right have you seen the stories about
North Korea apparently North Korea
they're tearing down border stuff and
they're literally building a they're
building a railroad connection to
connect North and South there are
actually people whose jobs are a
unification so in South Korea there's
some kind of title like they you know
the Minister of reunification or
unification not reunification I think
they call it unification how big is that
now I know what people are saying people
are people as the anti-trump are saying
oh he got duped again but they say it
like this oh he got duped again because
we saw that satellite photo of that one
place that we don't know exactly what's
going on but they moved some dirt so
they must be building some missiles he's
been duped
and see now my point of view is it's
entirely possible that Kim jong-un is
building new missile facilities it's
entirely possible because we're still
right in the middle of negotiating what
he isn't doing is testing any missiles
or threatening us at the same time that
he's connecting North and South Korea it
seems to me that the odds of Kim jong-un
wanting to lob a nuke in our direction
has no now dropped to roughly zero so we
went from seriously worrying that he
might in new California I mean actually
worrying about that and to no risk at
all it's one of the biggest stories in
the world but because it's all going
well and it's the president just not
reported and the poor people in Guam
thought they were gonna get nuked at any
minute so that's huge
alright so let me get to the fun part of
my presentation today now those of you
who have been following me for a while
you know I talk about the two movies on
one screen and how people are irrational
all the time and there's no better
situation to see that than in the one
I'm going to talk about there was a
article in which Gavin McInnes ex leader
of the proud voice made a statement the
ABC News reported and people said my god
how can you let him even say that and
what he said was that there weren't that
there were very few white supremacist
that it's sort of a rare thing and that
was reported as if well it was reported
uncritically meaning that they his
statement was allowed to stand without
any fact-checking
and I tweeted that I'd like some
fact-checking on that too because I
don't know the answer to the question
how many white supremacists are there
now
so whoever said Trump called Africa a
 hold lol would block you for being
too stupid to be part of this
conversation there you're gone now
whenever you talk about the topic of
racism what happens is the trolls the
trolls come in in in large numbers and
they don't really hear what you're
saying
because they've already decided you're
either a good guy or a bad guy and if
they decide you're a bad guy it doesn't
matter what else you say so so the last
day I've been blocking people for
misinterpreting what I say and then
calling me a racist because of their own
misinterpretation of what I said so I'm
going to say as clearly as possible with
the white board and the moment what my
point is and then I'll have something to
show people and tweet too so here's
here's what I was talking about see if I
can get the light off this this is a
list of racists I hate I put that label
up there so when people take this out of
context it'll be harder for them it
seems to me that there are many flavors
of racists and you could probably make
lots more flavors and there's gonna be a
point to this so wait for it
if you've already jumped ahead and said
my god Scott why are you trying to you
know shade who's a little bit of a
racist why are you trying to make this
distinction Scott Scott wait I need this
stuff why are you trying to defend white
supremacists
no nothing like that is going to happen
here these are the racists I hate I'm
not defending them I'm hating them all
right so if we let's let's start with
that I don't like the racists I don't
defend them but I'm gonna I'm gonna make
a point that I think is very optimistic
if you'd like there to be less racism
and the point goes like this
in a general sense and you could may you
can have lots of other categories here
but in a general sense some racists are
worse than others at the very top I
would say the people who are the
supremacist the white supremacist the
people who say that all white people are
better than all other people I would say
that's the top of the worst the worst of
the worst then you go down the line and
there are the people who just hate
people who are different they don't
really need a reason they're just
they're just haters and bigots you know
I suppose these overlap a little bit
these are not clean distinctions then
you go down a little bit further and
they're people who just prefer hanging
out with people who are like them and
this could be people of any color right
most most groups like hanging around
with people who are like them so it's
sort of bigoted that you prefer your own
people but it's you know it's not nearly
as bad as this one but still on the list
and then there's a soft bigotry there
was a study recently I'm not sure if
this study will hold up to replication
but the study is that the study said
that liberals talk down to black people
meaning that they use a lower vocabulary
when they talk to black people and
that's you know sort of one of the
things you put it in this soft bigotry
you know the the bigotry of low
expectations sort of thing
so this would be that lowest somebody
says this is stupid hey idiot you
haven't heard the point yet how would
you like to be the get to the point and
then then you could say something like
this is stupid that's so stupid all
right here's my point so if you've
already judged it you're a idiot
okay because I just told you I haven't
gotten to a point yet if I save my point
and then you disagree with it please
give me a reason I would like to hear it
and it goes like this I have a
hypothesis that when I was a kid and
let's say you know all before that
through slavery etc
so from the time I was a child all the
way back through slavery I think this
was fairly common meaning that it was it
was not unusual for a white racist to
think that all white people were
superior to all other people there was a
like an ordinary thing that people
thought I asked the question in my tweet
today to do a fact jack on how many of
these still exist because I said that
I've never met one like as an adult you
know I certainly met them as a child but
you know that's 50 years ago in my adult
life I'm not aware of anybody who holds
this view now I said I'd like to fact
check to find out how many there are cuz
wouldn't you like to know if the if it
turns out there are lots of people who
hold that view I'd like to know that
right now somebody's saying it's
anecdotal don't be an idiot I said two
things I said one I haven't seen any
that's anecdotal and then I said I would
like to have some fact-checking because
my anecdotal doesn't mean anything now
if what you're saying is don't be able
Donal you just agreed with me so those
of you who are saying anecdotal
information is not useful just know that
you're agreeing with what I'm saying
okay so if you want to disagree disagree
with something else because that's the
part we agree with okay so my question
is how many people think that how many
people are left in the country who are
racists who also believe that white
people are superior to all the other
races my guess is that is vanishingly
small and here's the point that I'm
making if this is the worst and I think
you could make the argument that this is
the worst of the worst yeah this is sort
of you know the the maximum level of
racist hatred I think that the top level
is lessened and if we're moving in this
direction where
where we move from the ultimate level of
racism in my lifetime to one level down
you still have all this defects and
nobody you know I'm not I'm not saying
this is okay
remember these are racists I hate I'm
saying that these are not in the same
category Isis and that that would that
would indicate that would indicate
progress so the point of this is to say
that however bad we used to be we're
almost certainly not that bad anymore
meaning that racism has probably
declined steadily every year that I've
been alive it may be every year since
since you know roughly slavery yes
racism is a continuum and my point is
that the worst the worst category
probably has already reduced to trivial
now the dumb people who are hearing this
are saying something like scoff are you
saying that racism doesn't exist no
opposite stop are you saying there's no
such thing as a white supremacist
because you personally never met one no
I'm not saying that I'm saying I like a
fact check on it I would love to know
how many there are because if there are
way too many we need to work on that if
they're already gone let's celebrate
that small victory there work on the
stuff that needs to be fixed all right
so the the larger point of all this is
that when the you know the anti
Republicans etc cry white supremacy they
probably should be saying racism is what
they're complaining about because I just
think the supremacy thing is such
probably and again I'm open to the fact
check so I'm not using my anecdote to
draw a conclusion
asking the question and it's a fair
question I think we don't like to know
how many other David Duke etc are
dinosaurs Oh near racism Scott so so
because I say I hate racists and I
actively work against them on a regular
basis somebody says my god if you don't
think that there are lots of white
supremacists you must be a racist
I'll just look at your comments where
does Hawk Newsom fall on the list well I
would have to be a mind reader to know
that yeah well you're you're much kinder
to me on here than on Twitter I never
tell on Twitter whether the actual
professional trolls are coming after me
or whether it's just a coincidence but
sometimes the come I can't delete these
guys I'm just looking at your comments
here wouldn't we have to read minds to
know whether somebody was Beauvoir well
we can ask him i my my general
preference is that we don't assume we
know other people's thoughts and that
the only way you can tell somebody's
feelings is to ask them really or to
look at their actions sometimes the
actions can have the effect of being
racist but you kind of have to ask was
America founded in white supremacy you'd
have to ask you a historian that
probably probably in a sense yes but not
maybe not intentionally but in effect
now Oh God
I'm too slow getting rid of that the now
III have to wonder what is what is in
the head of the people who are coming
after me for talking against racism and
then calling me a racist I actually
don't know what kind of squirrels are
running around in their head and I'm
curious about it whether they're just
trolls or did they really think that
they're saying something I actually
don't understand
historian says no we were not founded on
white supremacy principles I think it
was just sort of there
all right well do i watch blackish
somebody asked me that's actually a
great show if you haven't if you haven't
watched that it's a ABC sitcom called
blackish there's a really good writing
some of the best writing you'll see at a
comedy
there's only one all right I don't have
much else to say today the oh it's going
to talk about Cohen right so I saw a
headline in on CNN that the president is
quote seething about the Cohen situation
he's seething how does anybody know how
seething he is it's a pure mind reading
i I saw also on CNN this morning an
article and opinion article in which
somebody who smart said the worst thing
about this Cohen situation and and the
key word is yeah the key words are the
worst things this is the worst things
about it so this is an anti-trump ur who
has looked at all the Cohen situation
and he says this is the worst thing
about it that the president hired Cohen
who did all these bad things and I
thought to myself okay if that's the
worst thing there's no real there's no
real risk here i I've heard a number of
other people I think Mike sort of which
was saying recently that something to
the effect that it's obvious that Trump
is in a lot of trouble and I know it
feels that way it feels like Trump's in
a lot of trouble because there are so
many legal things floating around well
I've got a feeling he has enough lawyers
and there's so far none of them have
turned into anything it feels like just
the you know the fabric of being the
president is that they're gonna be lots
of investigations and lots of lawyers
and lots of accusations and stuff like
that Geraldo also thinks there's a high
degree of jeopardy well a high degree of
jeopardy is not the same as saying
there's a high chance that something bad
will happen there's there's a high
amount of danger
but I think there's a low a low risk
that it will take him down there's a
high risk that it will be problematic
and annoying and causing trouble but I
don't think it's going to take him down
somebody says dude flip your screen it's
sideways no yours is my screen is
correct orientation if it's looking
wrong on your device it is your device
yeah the Southern District of calve New
York and I guess they've got a new
Attorney General in New York who was
promising to investigate all things
Trump clean your room equals fix your
rotation lock yeah kind of you would
like to ask me a question go ahead
somebody says Oh California wants to tax
text messages you know I have mixed
feelings about that yeah maybe if
California it starts taxing text
messages then people will send fewer of
them but I think what will happen is
people will just move to what's happened
other apps so see it seems like a bad
idea on the surface but I don't know too
much about it most of my favorite
episode of The Twilight Zone
the one where burgess Meredith loses his
glasses
solar panel regulation I don't know
about that there's some kind of
California solar panel regulation thing
going on all right I don't think I have
much else to say I'm going to do some
work new fentanyl article I'll look for
that all right
not a lot of big issues today so I'm
going to end here and I'll talk to you
tomorrow