[Music]
um hey everybody come on in here a
little bit of technical difficulty but I
used all of my technical know-how to
work it out it seems that if anybody
from Twitter is listening for some
reason the periscope would not
initialize when I had the guest feature
on but when I turned it off I did I
tested that on my phone withered out and
my iPad so there might be a little bug
there at the moment or it could be a
capacity issue I'm guessing the Internet
is slowing down quite a bit
people are noticing that already but oh
why are you here yes I know why you're
here and it's a little thing called the
simultaneous it but all you need is a
cup or a marker class a tanker
Challenger style in the canteen drug
reply a vessel of any kind join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine to the day the thing that makes
everything better
including a pandemic join me now go ah
just right well let's talk about all of
the things so big story in the news is
that there were some senators who sold
some stocks ahead of ahead of announcing
that things were as bad as they are and
the thinking of course the thinking is
that they they traded on insider trading
but it seems like there are at least
three sippers different sub different
situations so senator burr seems to have
been more of a cleaner situation where
he got some information he sold some
stocks and I think he owes the public an
explanation now my experience with these
things
is they really have to hear the other
side you really have to hear the other
side but on the surface of it looks
pretty bad
so here's us an explanation that's the
that's all I'm gonna say
if he doesn't explain it I think Tucker
Carlson said and I would agree with it
if he can't explain it he probably needs
to resign but I'm gonna say behold by
holding my opinion until I hear the
other side now the other two seem a
little sketchier there's some somebody
in Congress doesn't matter who who who
has some money in a trust but is it a
blind trust you know there's some
question there then the one that is the
least credible is the Senator Dianne
Feinstein also some some amount of stock
was sold but if you don't realize how
rich Dianne Feinstein is it looks like
bad behavior but as soon as you imagine
that her wealth is this much and the
amount she sold was like you know a dot
in that in that universe the odds the
odds of Dianne Feinstein was doing
insider trading I think are vanishingly
small the others have a little more to
explain but we'll wait we'll see what's
what I want to mention something about
Elon Omar's complimentary comments about
President Trump which of course is the
most unexpected thing in the world yeah
and I'll remind you of this whatever you
think of Elon omar personally or her
politics and I'm sure that the audience
for this is not big fans but setting
that aside for a moment if we can just
you know be adult and separate the the
technique from the opinions etc her
technique has always been good meaning
that she's she's smart she knows how to
capture the public's attention and
here's what I loved about Elon omar's
play first of all it was the right thing
to do being being supportive of your
president when he's when he's getting
the right
action which was maybe not day one right
I mean even even supporters said it was
off to a shaky start but once once the
president got in firm footing and I
think he clearly is at this point you
know it does make sense given the
national mood and the worry that's in
the air it does make sense the Democrats
would at least try to join ranks at
least for the point of the emergency and
she did that so if you could separate
yourself from okay what is it
order her hidden intentions what's she
really up to we can't read her mind we
can just say what was the right thing
for a leader in the Democratic Party to
do right now it was the right thing for
the country but there's another level to
this in which Elon omar solved one of
her own biggest problems and that's the
clever part of this because if you can
find something that's unambiguously good
for the country and I think praising the
president you know once he was on firm
footing was good for the country because
it builds confidence at cetera but
there's another level which is just good
for her which is you can argue that
ulong Omar's biggest weakness as a
politician is that people wonder if
she's on the side of America right I
mean this is not my opinion I'm not even
going to put my opinion in any of this
I'm just saying that that that is the
criticism that her critics make a year
you know you have some other loyalty
you're not an American you want to
destroy America etc so by going so
conspicuously against form by
complimenting the president who she's
eviscerated on many occasions she makes
a a really smart counterpoint which is
from this day forward if you say Ilan
Omar doesn't have the best interests of
the United States in mind you have to
explain today
I didn't this week because to me it
looked like clearly a counter counter
political move
sorry if you hear my cat she's going
crazy
so she'll always have that thing to say
you know if I were purely a political
creature why did why was I complimenting
the president unless I meant it so it's
very smart play it's good for the
country it's you know selfishly
politically good but that's sort of
hidden and should be by the fact it's
good for the country so I would say if
we could just separate what you think
about our politically or personally from
the technique good technique and and you
just has to be pointed out I you know I
hate to be divisive but there's
something that's worth noticing in the
public reactions to things you know I've
said that this is a time when everybody
seems to be volunteering to do whatever
it is they can do you know what I can do
is not that much I can do this right so
so I do this I do this and but I've
never been jumping in to do what they
could do but the people who are at least
equipped for this situation in many
cases are artists you know writers
journalists musicians poets etc they may
not have the skill set that is
immediately available now I think
artists are very important and they'll
certainly be part of you know getting us
back to normal and making us feel right
so artists are a gigantic part of our
experience and what makes life good and
and it's important so artists are
wonderful and sometimes I pretend to be
one but during the crisis who are
noticing that the artists sort of
default to what they can do and nobody
cares about the art they're creating at
the moment because we got bigger things
to worry about and I think they're
defaulting to criticism because it's
sort of what artists can do so just a
shout out to artists this isn't the time
you know there will be a time when the
artists are actually
very important to our well-being our
mind or our public sense of you know who
we are all that stuff you know art's
terribly important but not now which in
terms of priorities so so you artists I
know you've got some opinions and how
about just hold them now but just hold
them and help the help the national mind
to get to some sort of comfort and some
kortek sort of confidence and do what
can be done that is that's good
so cringy videos and and criticisms of
things that aren't going to change just
not helping all right
here's a here's like a perfect example
of bad behavior by an artist now I'm
using artists to be you know writers and
anybody in that field this is something
that somebody said we're on a CNN
opinion piece by not anticipating the
catastrophe we are now living Trump
joins a pantheon of American leaders
whose failures of imagination have come
at great cost
the perspective was very different
indeed been in the Obama administration
Alice Hillel writes for CNN and thinking
is this the right time to pretend we
know what somebody's imagination was
doing I mean it seems again not reading
the room later later this would be great
let's do our autopsy later but this kind
of a week your generic concept level I
think I read his mind but compared to
the person I imagine who doesn't exist
who was doing the job at the same time
in my imagination man the imaginary
president did so well so let me imagine
what this president did and then I'll
write something about why he was
thinking and imagining as if I knew and
compared to my magical thinking of
somebody who wasn't actually there and
doing the job and I don't really know
any of the details of why they did what
they did
it was just craziness just skip them so
I would say that for a while
I'll you know people are gonna be
reading these articles they have to
generate content and unless let's be
honest they need to pay check too
everybody needs to pay check but for the
time being maybe just don't read them
yeah forget about whether they're right
or wrong just don't read them for now
concentrated something else the approval
for the president has jumped
dramatically in the last few days so it
went from 43% of proving to 55%
approving of his management of the
crisis it's pretty good and I would say
that the public is getting this right
wouldn't you because I think the public
said that's a bad start and the polls
the polls reflect on that that was my
opinion I mean my opinion was that we
got off to a bad start but the
difference is that when I say it's a bad
start I'm talking like an adult an adult
who's lived more than you know three
years of an adult life an adult knows
that in the midst of an emergency of the
type we've never quite seen I mean
nothing's quite like this experience
there's no such thing as people who were
smart and knew what to do that's
completely imaginary every criticism of
what the administration did or did not
do right in the in the earliest days
compares them to some magical
non-existent person who knew exactly
what to do that person didn't exist who
exactly was the expert who knew what to
do I believe there were none now that's
enough to say that somebody didn't say
the right thing from the start because
if you have any situation that it's
complicated there's a gray area there's
lots of unknowns and you can either go
left or right well if you have talked to
enough experts you're gonna have
somebody who says go left and somebody
says go right after it's done you will
mistakenly say that one of those two
teams these are the go left or the go
right got the right answer but that's
ridiculous
because in any situation there would be
people who say go left people who say go
right and you're gonna go one of those
ways somebody's gonna look like they
were geniuses and fine sight that's not
how it works if you're in the room in
the early days you probably didn't know
what to do and that's not because you're
dumb it's not because you were
incompetent it's because the situation
itself was very opaque China wasn't
giving us you know reliable information
we didn't know yet to have successful we
would we would be with this or that so
yeah they're gonna be plenty of people
who say oh yeah I told you so I knew it
before the president did it's just not a
thing it's just not a thing you will not
find that there was anybody who just
knew what to do and and here's the
important part is not knowing what to do
it's knowing exactly when to do it
because remember you're balancing two
unknowns the unknown of what it would do
to the economy with potential
devastating effect versus the unknown of
what it would do to our health these who
are two gigantic unknowns so I'm gonna
have no patience no patience with the
people who say that in that first week
some more people knew what to do that
just isn't a thing and and and let me
say again that on January 24th I was
cursing in public online saying close
the airports you know a full week before
the President did I think something like
that now do I say I'm a genius
because I got that right I mean in
hindsight it looks right I do not I do
not that was my opinion all right and
when I said we should close the airports
and I was damn certain about it does
that mean I was right no does that mean
that I mean it turns out I was right but
did I know it at the time I thought I
knew it but nobody's really that smart
do I blame the president for waiting a
few days
I prefer he had gone earlier but blame
is sort of a child's game here because I
didn't know what the president knew so
all I knew was there's something bad
happening in China close the airport now
when I said it and many of you
experienced it live it was sort of a
sort of a shocking moment where people
who didn't quite know what how big the
problem would become my reaction to her
probably looked completely out of place
but here's the thing you know did I do
that because I was smarter than you did
I do it because I've got a grudge
against China which I do did I you know
did I do it because I'm some you know
expert on epidemiology no I can't even
pronounce it but don't let anybody else
tell you just because maybe they were on
the right side and they got it early
like I did you know I I think you jack
boo Sabich was even earlier than that I
think in January 22nd he had tweeted you
know close the borders
I think he said something like Chloe's
traveled but basically he was on it you
know more than a week before the
president closed it do I say them
therefore oh you know Jack pasaba can
die were the geniuses you know we knew
and gosh anybody who didn't know and do
what we suggested got it wrong
no no I don't because I'm a frickin
adult and I've been in the world
and I know what it's like to be in the
room if you're in the room you know a
lot more than cartoonist in California
sitting in front of his iPad saying you
know shouting f-bombs saying clothes the
clothes the travel to them from China I
thought I knew and I thought it was
important enough to get people's
attention so it was fully considered but
no I didn't know what they knew I didn't
I didn't have an economist saying yeah
you know if you do the math you're gonna
kill more people closing down the
economy then you will maybe you wait a
little I don't know what happened in the
room
who knows what the president was told
who knows what the counter points were
who knows what the opinions are so
here's my thing I'm gonna say it a
million times because maybe nothing has
ever been more important judge what the
administration does by their Corrections
right not the mistakes because in an
emergency it's nothing but guessing
making mistakes see what happened in
correcting so if you're only judging the
guessing and making mistakes part
without the correcting part uh-huh
you're not part of the productive world
you're not looking at it correctly it's
not an adult opinion it's almost like a
childlike opinion yeah I know what the
President of the United States and all
of his experts should have done without
being there in the room without having
the knowledge all right so enough on
that let me let me give you a perfect
another example so the the government
the administration is looking at you
know there's cash payments to citizens
to keep people eating and get them
through the crisis and look at this so
you're seeing a reproduction of the fog
of war around this question of what to
do to you know stabilize the economy
this is very similar in type yeah I
don't want to make an analogy but it's
similar in type because of the the
unknowns to the original decision that
the president and his administration had
about what to do about the virus so this
new fog of war is just a perfect example
of what I'm talking about so you know
some of the smartest people in the world
are saying that you know or trillion ish
dollars should be pumped into the
economy now remember these are like
smartest people in the government are
saying I think about a trillion put it
in there meanwhile you may know this
name Ray Dalio
said the stimulus package is way too
small and should be maybe doubled
doubled a hundred percent difference
we're talking about an extra trillion
dollars now who's Ray Dalio do you care
well you should because everybody was
smart knows Ray
Dalio is like the smart guy of the smart
guys right maybe in this world of
finance and economics the people who
know this world and I count myself you
know at least a little bit knowledgeable
about it Mike if anybody's new here I've
got a background in economics degree MBA
and I've worked in in corporate America
for a long time so Ray Dalio was
somebody that would be very familiar to
me actually I happen his book you know I
have his book downstairs and if he goes
into the room and says the right number
is 2 trillion and other people were just
as smart you know right Raymond um madhu
chim and all of those cats they're all
in the same room and one of them says
the right number is a trillion and
somebody else smart says the right
number is 2 trillion who is the smart
one the answer is nobody knows there's
it's sort of a guess work so that's how
big the difference is that the most
qualified and well informed experts
could be that far apart so they're gonna
make they're gonna try something right
so in the end there will either be a
checked or not a check and that check
will be a certain amount and not some
other certain amount we're gonna try it
if it isn't right we're gonna correct
judge the correction all right you can
see this one forming if it's too little
and they correct that was the right move
if it's too much well I don't know if
you can do too much can you is that you
can you do too much is that even a thing
so look for the corrections fast
corrections for your assumption of
competence don't look for the first
guess because the smartest people in the
world are not anywhere near the same
page so you should not be
second-guessing the smartest people in
the world and say well if I were there
it's a trillion
I think it's 1.2 trillion that's the
rate about all right let's talk about
the idea itself so the sticking point
here is that at least the way it's been
floated is that there'd be a hundred
thousand dollar ninety-nine thousand
dollar whatever cut off and
you wouldn't get a check if your income
is above that I don't know if that's
family or individual but the details
don't matter as much as the principal
now what would happen to the country in
terms of our you know unity our national
mood etc if only the people under a
certain income get that money and we all
know I mean you don't have to be a
genius you don't have to be raid alia to
know this that there would be plenty of
people above a hundred thousand you know
maybe maybe below 150 whatever the
number is they lost their job and they
don't they can't buy food there are
plenty of people I mean there have to be
tens of millions of people in the
category that they make more than that
on paper but they can't buy groceries
because they didn't get pay this week
they've gotta be plenty of people so
what happens if they don't get any money
and other people do well there could be
plenty of complaining and there's going
to be a lot of people saying you know
what's going on so let me let me toss
out one possibility and I'm just gonna
put that out there I don't know if this
is a good idea again to my point as more
people can disagree greatly in this you
know field of great unknowns suppose you
did this and I'll just put it out there
as a suggestion I don't even know if
it's a good one
there is something very different about
this situation that cannot be compared
to anything that we humans and
especially we Americans have ever have
ever been in it has to do with the fact
that we're all in the same team for all
practical purposes that's a different
situation and it allows maybe some
different strategies let me just put
this out here and I sent it one says
that as a thought experiment but I'm
getting more serious about it now it's
still just a thought but on a little
more serious and it goes like this could
you trust the people who have sufficient
incomes to get through the the emergency
I would be one of them
could you trust them to donate their
money back
in other words if you just gave money to
everybody with no regard to income could
you trust that the the billionaire's the
millionaire's or just the people were
who didn't lose their paycheck could you
trust that they would donate it
intelligently in their community you
know give everybody a check and say you
know you're President of the United
States look we don't have time to sort
this out but your your local if you're
rich I'm gonna trust you to do the right
thing now maybe make it easy there could
be a specific way you could donate it
back there might be a way you can you
know write void on your check and you
know register it on something might be
some way that you can you can be sure
that you gave it to somebody who didn't
already get money from somebody else so
maybe there's a way to register you know
who you donated it to to so they don't
get it you know multiple too much
multiple contributions and when somebody
else gives nothing so I've seen a lot of
knows but if you if you can and by the
way I'm not selling this is a great idea
I'm just putting it out there because
the more ideas we have you know maybe
that helps somebody fix a different idea
somebody says some would in some
wouldn't now that's the assumption that
I would like to test imagine that some
would just keep it what percentage and
does it matter maybe not maybe it
doesn't matter but I think this is a
different national mood I think that
every person who can help is helping
this is very different so and that's
that gets down to why this is different
than any other time if this were normal
times of course you don't send money to
rich people of course but could you
trust them could you trust the citizens
the rich ones the rich enough ones you
know the ones that's not even rich but
rich enough could you trust them I think
yes now I would certainly I'm not gonna
fight
hard with you if you say no and that
doesn't work it'll make things worse and
people will complain because the rich
people kept their money and all that but
I don't think so
I think the way I'm reading the room is
that that money would fly out of the
rich people's hands as fast as they
could get rid of it
I believe that they would be racing to
get rid of it because you know what you
don't want to be in the middle of a
pandemic you know what you don't want to
be the rich who kept money that
should go into the poor nobody wants to
be that guy that woman that guy nobody
wants to be that person and I think that
money would just like fly and in the
hands of the rich they do give it to a
local restaurant they'd give it to a
local business I think it wouldn't last
10 minutes before the rich gave it away
that's what I think now I just put it
out there it would require the highest
level of trust can you trust your fellow
citizens especially the ones who have
more money can you trust them in this
emergency I think you can I think you
can't and maybe it would be a good thing
for the national psyche just to prove it
now I'm not the smartest guy in the room
on this issue that's for sure not even
close
so I'll just put it out there as an idea
all right you know here's a here's some
stuff I'd like to know an answer to so
you know we're coming to understand that
this is an information problem that got
turned into a health care problem you
know if we had perfect information we
would have no problem already and be
solved because I would know who has the
virus and I'd say oh bob has the virus
I'll stay away from Bob then two weeks
later everybody's good so if you had
perfect information you'd be fine and as
we're gaining information about you know
what tools and what tests and who has
and who doesn't what works what doesn't
you know we're that's that's how we'll
get over over the top so definitely an
information
kind of problem but here's some
questions with the information so some
things I want to know to improve my
feeling of comfort I would like to know
the following thing what do we know
about the number of people who were
treated with chloroquine and then lived
or versus died so in other words we have
death rates of just people you know
summed up in average but I want to see
the death rate specifically of people
who got to chloroquine beat let's say
before they were ventilated so you'd
probably want to look at only pre
ventilated people because then you could
imagine that was too late so if you
subtract down to people that you don't
know if it's too late or not but it
would ruin your numbers either way you
take the obit demo so no ventilated
people just people who were baby heading
that direction how many of them who got
the full you know chloroquine treatment
actually died and then of the ones who
died how many of them had an underlying
condition that that explained it and
because here's what I'm gonna predict
all right and I'm gonna talk for him in
a moment about dr. Fauci who is way less
optimistic about chloroquine then then
people who have read up on it are and
I'll explain that in a minute but I want
to know if this works to allow people
not to die unless an underlying
condition that would be very good to
know now the president said it could be
a game-changer you know maybe maybe not
so we left some doubt there but use the
phrase game-changer and that made the
public think that we've really got
something good and and things are gonna
go well when dr. Fauci who we all
recognized as the one we want to listen
to you know if there's a tiebreaker on
facts who are you gonna listen to right
alright if our president who likes to
put a good spin on things as this and
dr. Fauci who does not try to put a good
spin on things
just trying to give it to you straight
he says something a little different
who are you gonna believe well under
normal circumstance I'd say well maybe
you want to lean toward dr. fauci but
this might be an exception and let me
say why so foul she was asked about it
and he said there's Court no magic drug
meaning that is and then he goes on to
explain there's no magic drug that's
both effective and safe or has been
tested to be effective and safest that
has been tested the part that's critical
my cat won't shut up can you hold just a
second
I can let her out
Thanks you can tell this is a high
quality productive because all your high
quality productions they stop what
they're doing to let the cat out alright
was talking about fallacies somewhat
disagree with the president's
characterization of this chloroquine so
is it a game-changer maybe as the
president says or is it no magic drug
that is you know tested to be safe and
efficacious why would they be sort of a
little bit different well are they are
they did the president say that the drug
had been tested and was safe and
efficacious he did not
so when Fauci says that there's no magic
drug that has tested that safe and
effective that's compatible with what
the president says the president is just
saying it could be good felt she's just
saying it could be good they're just
using different words is basically
there's no difference now ouchy is
holding back on the optimism but i
believe he also cities gave us the why
because we've already experienced a
hoarding of toilet paper right so where
in the world where we know that hoarding
would happen what if how she said this
is the magic pill if you have this pill
you can live if you don't have this pill
you might die what would happen what
would happen right so I think
ouchy is playing a careful game here
which is I believe the government might
have a lot more belief in its efficiency
and safety then our top expert is
letting on number one it just always
makes sense not to let people get
complacent it's still you know an
emergency situation and there would be
several benefits of downplaying it the
number one benefit is that it would read
it reason reduce the number of people
who hoard it
would reduce the number of people are
willing to maybe get violent to get it
because the last thing you want to hear
is that your neighbor has some of this
drug and you don't but you have a gun
see where I'm going with this how would
you like a country where there's a magic
pill
some people have it because they got a
connection whatever so some people are
gonna have anything some people got it
from their secret of Mexico was source
or whatever and they've got the pill but
the neighbors got a gun you want to live
in that country yeah if your government
says yeah this is a magic pill if you
have it you can live if you don't have
the pill you might die neighbor has it
the other neighbor doesn't have it but
he's got a gun you don't want to live in
that world so when you look at the the
brain power in some of these people so
no matter what you want to say about
foul see you know he's gonna have his
critics he's gonna have his supporters
just like everybody right but he's so
he's super smart and nobody's saying
he's not smart is it smart for a foul
see to downplay it a little bit for now
until we have so much of it that
everybody can have as much as they want
because that's where we're at right bear
bears that they'd send us three million
but do we have them do we have them
probably not you not yet did they come
over on the plane in the same day I
don't know did they give us you know a
hundred thousand but they're cranking
out the rest I don't know how many
hospitals are there how many people
might need it what is it what is the
projection I don't know but I do know
that that if the supply is not directly
under the control of the medical
professionals we're going to have some
problems how many of you know a doctor
who could write a prescription and
you've contacted that doctor and said
doctor can you get me some of this quick
before it runs out just in case you know
yeah I'm not your patient I'm your best
friend
can you give you some of this how many
people have done that already
a lot a lot did I try to get some of
that early oh I did
did I contacted my my doctor by email of
course and asked I said hey I'm in the
the danger group they said I'm in the
danger gonna Punk over 60 asthma and is
there any way I could get ahold of this
since it's well tolerated I said can I
get ahold of it so I can take it
prophylactically meaning to prevent
getting the the virus if I'm exposed and
my doctor gave me an answer that I feel
like was the responsible answer but was
probably also a lie I think it was a lie
by omission it wasn't a lie in the
standard sense and my doctor wrote back
that it's we don't we don't handle it in
the pharmacy now here's what's wrong
with that insulin it's not carried in
the pharmacy here's what's wrong with
that do you believe that well first of
all I don't know it's possible but the
pharmacy can order kind of anything you
want and your doctor can write a
prescription that you could take to some
other pharmacy so did my doctor give me
a straight answer when she simply said
and then just dropped it you know we
don't carry that in the pharmacy she
didn't say it was a bad idea to take it
it's you know conspicuously not there
she didn't say you know leave it for the
medical professionals because then I
would have been in hoarding mode for
sure no I wouldn't have but you know my
mind would have gone there and you don't
want to be thinking about its
availability like Oh what maybe if I
tried harder I can guess some of this so
I think my I think my doctor did the
responsible thing by sort of taking me
off the trail just sort of nudging me
off the trail and I felt it was like a
gentle nudge it's like not now that's
what it felt like and I think that was
exactly the right the right play not
good for me what's good for me is I get
an early dose of unprotected and he or
not right that's what's good for me
but what was good for the public I think
is the way my doctor played it which is
we don't carry that now what I think
that might mean and here I'm just
guessing if I had to guess the big
medical entities that would already have
some supply this probably some time ago
got an order from the government that
you can't give it out prophylactically
guessing I would like to think that my
government was clever enough as soon as
they thought this this drug has some
potential because they knew before we
did right they were hearing the the
official news from other countries I
would like to know that they immediately
went to the people who had the supply
and said lock it down it's gonna be only
for the you know essentials only for I
mean I'd like to I'd like to think that
all of our first-line health care
providers are getting a prophylactically
by the end of the week you know there's
a timing issue of course but by the end
of the week wouldn't you like to know
that even if you don't have it don't you
want to know your doctor has it you know
the doctor that's working on the front
line you want them from davit first
right and that's probably where we're
heading and there's probably a limited
supply so I'm gonna be a team player for
now and I'm not going to try to find
some secret way to hoard it even though
I think I probably could if I worked on
all right so I'm going to say that
fealty and the president are not really
on different pages but they're trying to
manage manage our expectations
differently I think I approve of the
difference there's because there's a
little bit of an accidental you know the
some form of a good cop bad cop bad
example but if the president's giving us
a hey there's reason for optimism the
story and his expert is saying well not
so fast but that's sort of exactly where
I want them to be see what I'm saying
I want my leader to say things will be
alright at the same time I want my
expert to say you know hold on you know
he might be good but let's test this
thing
all right so I'm quite happy with that
meanwhile the least relevant person in
the entire world you may have heard of
his name is Joe Biden have you heard
that name he's running for president or
something but he's the least important
person in the world right now and he he
tweets this out but yesterday yesterday
he tweets us out the obama-biden
administration set up the White House
National Security Council Directorate
for a global health security and bio
defense to prepare for future bio
pandemics like covert 19 wow they were
smart Donald Trump eliminated it and now
we're paying the price
well most of you know that's just fake
news it was eliminated in the sense that
there was functions were folded into
something else and the redundancy was
eliminated yeah the redundancy was
eliminated but this is just not true now
how would you like to be in the middle
of a global pandemic the countries
fighting for his economic life and the
guy who wants to be President the only
thing he added to it was fake news to
make you feel bad about your president
who is leading this effort
seriously I mean I will think you could
do a worse job of being even a citizen
and we forget about you know what it is
for his campaign that's gonna lose
anyway
I mean he's irrelevant because he's not
gonna win but that's the best you could
do for the country the best you could do
for the country Joe Biden was to put
some fake news up that makes you doubt
your president during a time of crisis
that's it but that's how you thought you
could help disgusting
and let me shout out some people who
have been critics of the president who I
think are really stepping up I said this
before Mark Cuban
great job leadership you know just love
to see love to see natural leaders just
just stepping up Yellin Omar praising
the president's performance against
I give her credit I think I think
Presley said the same thing if I'm not
mistaken fact check me on that and I
would like to thank Bernie Bernie
Sanders so this is not a this definitely
is not a Democrat versus Republican
thing because I'm praising Bernie
Sanders for being productive for
shouting down C and then about making
this political Andrew yang very
productive thank you Andrew yang you
know good citizen and I think yang
really softened up the public with his
ubi to make even what we're talking
about possible I mean it just makes it
easier for everybody so I think yang has
been tremendous and I think you know
Dana Bash CNN contributor unless you're
exactly a job title but very positive
very constructive I think so a big
shout-out to everybody who's being
constructive be the Democrats were
anything else but Joe Biden's not and I
think that's worth mentioning so anybody
buy stocks oh yeah I'm Mike Bloomberg I
believe is donating gigantic amounts of
money and at the moment I haven't heard
bloomberg complain about the president
Kasich John Kasich Patriot exactly
somebody says Zuckerberg went live
yesterday you know I don't know what
Zuckerberg is doing but I think we can
guarantee it's productive I know
Elon Musk said that Tesla could make
ventilators if needed so I don't know if
that's going to happen but people are
stepping up somebody says maybe
anti-malaria drug is a reason for a few
cases in Africa that is possible the
other possibility is that there's a
genetic marker well there's a genetic
difference
that the aced the AC - you know
inhibitors or whatever the hell is
receptors and the lungs clearly I'm not
a doctor but they're there does seem to
be some genetic difference that makes
some people more susceptible and some of
it might be smoking and weight and
obesity and things like that and here's
one thing you don't you know if if
you're looking for the obvious how many
obese people do you ever see in Africa
and and every time I hear about somebody
dying are they not
60% of them obese maybe maybe 60% of the
world is obese but if I'm if I'm asking
myself why it doesn't seem to be hitting
Africa as hard as you'd want the the
questions you'd ask is maybe they just
don't have a good testing maybe it is
and we don't know it may be there's a
long difference that some people have
maybe there may be they smoked glass
I don't do do Africans smoke as many
cigarettes as everybody else you never I
can't think of a picture of Africa or
worse so somebody with a cigarette in
their mouth then they must have smokers
but I don't know is it a big thing there
and how often do you see obese Africans
in Africa oh it could be they could
actually just be healthier could be that
but it also could be that some of them
are already taking the malaria drug
that's possible I can't imagine there
would be enough people taking it is it
is it there's a like a vitamin in Africa
de7
somebody do a fact check on that right
can somebody here's what I want I want
somebody to do a fact jack where they
overlay on the global map the percentage
of people who are regularly taking the
malaria drug just because they're in
that zone is that a thing do you take it
in preventively I don't even know if
that's the thing but I like I'd like
some visibility on that alright somebody
says are you sure you want to go down
this road
I don't know why you're talking about
not many obese Chinese but lots of
smokers it also could be ventilation you
know one thing I imagine that you have
less of in Africa correct me if I'm
wrong is air conditioning known as
cities I suppose they must have enough
but I can't imagine there's a ton of air
conditioning and just the you know the
general African public outside of the
the cities so maybe that's a factor too
you know the the recirculating of the
air yeah I saw that weird press thing
where de Blasio said it's okay for him
to go to the gym because he needs to
stay healthy to manage the crisis I
thought that that goes in the pantheon
of bad political answers but again he's
a frontline leader in an emergency and
I'm not gonna you know I'm not going to
kneecap de Blasio for going to the gym
you know you can you can make your own
judgement about that but at the moment
we just need to be on the same team
somebody says Italy is a skinny country
now others have suggested that the
number of young people living with
grandparents probably is a big factor in
the death rate not in the rate of people
together died exposed but we're getting
a pretty good idea that they're probably
five or six things going on that may
have a factor even the expats I know in
Africa eventually stopped taking it oh
is this something you take for a while
and then don't take anymore I've never
heard that
it's experience from HIV Ebola
prevention so somebody suggested in the
Africa some kind of experience maybe
that's helping them but I don't know how
that would translate into real-world
action
somebody says remember you picked this
road I don't know what you're talking
about somebody says it's summer in
Africa could be could it be a factor
somebody says fifty percent of the world
lives in malaria areas tell you doctor
says men did not do as well as women
would that also be related to the fact
that men don't live as long as women so
in other words if if your problem is
that old people are dying and that and
it generally just if it attacks you sort
of generally you know it's not like well
let me say it this way among very old
people the males are going to die at a
higher rate than the women right so the
same threat to a man or a woman at age
75 should be harder on the man no matter
what it is is that true
you'd have to fact-check that but it
could be as simple as you know men have
a lower lower life expectancy and it's
just accentuated by this have I heard
about the Stafford Act hoax yeah so
apparently people are getting some kind
of unsolicited text message saying that
there's going to be some kind of martial
law lockdown or something and we think
that foreign foreign actors are behind
it we think that might be China etc now
you're watching the China continues to
push the idea with people who are
clearly have been cleared by the the
government to blame the United States
for starting the first start again and
apparently they're going to keep pushing
that button because their domestic
audience you know they can tell them
anything a lot and how should we process
that
it seems to me that the there's
legislation right now to bring the
supply lines at least for
pharmaceuticals back and I think there's
other legislation about bringing just
the supply chain in general back I don't
think there's any I don't think there's
any chance going forward that decoupling
is not going to happen
so if you're looking if you're keeping
track of who said who we said the right
thing first and you should because I
always recommend you should look at
people's predictions and then see how
they did and you should do it for
yourself and you should say it publicly
because if you don't say publicly here's
my prediction and then publicly I got it
right or publicly I got it wrong
it's too easy to forget the ones you got
wrong if you know what I mean if you
don't put it out there so other people
could remind you I would like to remind
you that not too many people were saying
decouple from China before I was I
wasn't first by any means you know
Gordon Chang and Kyle Bass and those
guys have been on it for a long time but
I was early and they're gonna be a lot
more people who are going to be joining
that so if you're keeping score keep
that in mind
all right isn't LA on lockdown
well I all of California is on lockdown
as of yesterday I believe so lockdown
means that we can only do we can only
leave the house for essential services
so banks you can do takeout food you
can't go to a restaurant you can have
delivery you can go to the doctor you
can get you can get them heads and then
anybody who's working on critical
infrastructure stuff they can do so
California is locked down how many of
you I'd like to see in the comments I
want to see if I've influenced you in
this one way how many of you have added
taking a nice walk to your daily routine
and I mean daily not just something you
did once how many of you have taken
seriously going for a long walk every
day
it was a little delay in the comments so
I'll wait to see but just just tell me
how many of you are doing it because I
could not recommend this more strongly
I've a/b tested at home and the the one
time I didn't go for my long walk man I
could feel it like mentally mentally and
physically I could really feel it yeah
nikki Haley I don't know what that's all
about doesn't trade encourage good
behavior but apparently it did not the
hope was that trading with China would
cause them to be better partners but
instead they used it as a weakness to to
take advantage so given that that's what
we know they will do it makes no sense
to follow that that plan still Trump ad
yeah and I think you'd have to say that
Trump was early on in the China's not
necessarily our friend but let's not be
let's not start a war with them but
they're not our friend I think Trump was
early on that I look at all the comments
they're starting to come in now I'm very
proud of you because there aren't many
things you can do during the emergency
that you know or the right thing to do
let me just under big you ously you just
know it's the right thing to do but
taking a long walk every day is
definitely the right thing to do now if
you're going to somebody's mentioning
Nassim Taleb now to be fair I blocked
him a long time ago for not
understanding this now he's a smart guy
and I'm sure if you heard his side of it
it would sound differently it would
sound you know maybe better than the way
I'm going to characterize it but he was
he was always the main proponent of the
argument that even if there was just a
small chance that climate change was
real you should still put massive
resources against it
because a 1% chance of of doing that
much damage to the earth is just too big
so he sort of did a math approach to it
and the what's it called there's some
principle and he put he put big words to
it and big names and I looked at it and
I said that's just a great thinking
there if you only had one problem if we
lived in the world with exactly one
thing that could take down the entire
economy yeah you should spend all your
money on it
you should really make sure you don't
have that 1% chance but what if you have
more than one problems that could take
out your whole economy if we had put but
here's a thought experiment for you
let's say that on day one when a OC and
and those who was supported or came up
with the green new deal on day one and
let's say we the country said you know
sounds pretty good sounds pretty good
let's do that green new deal now the one
thing we know about it is it would be a
massive change whether you like it or
don't like it everybody would agree it's
a fairly massive change to the economy
how would you like to be going through a
massive restructuring of the economy at
the same time a pandemic and how much
money would you have how much resources
would you have you know would you be in
the same shape well kind of depends
wouldn't happen right but the point is
if you live in the world where you might
need an asteroid defense system you
might need a whole new pandemic recovery
thing and maybe there's a risk with
climate change that you should be
throwing a lot of money at - if you have
multiple take down the economy risks the
idea of massively spending resources on
just one of them it doesn't make so much
sense anymore now can you think of
anybody else in the world who said
publicly and often for the past I don't
know ten years
you better not spend all of your money
on climate change because pandemics
could be expensive - specifically I've
been specifically saying for probably
ten years I don't know if I checked it
maybe it's five but a long time
that you got to look at pandemics you
got to look at literally asteroids you
know we should we put a trillion dollars
into building a network of you know
satellites they can see far enough that
we can send an atomic bomb and change
the direction of a meteor coming in our
direction
maybe maybe there is a very small chance
we'd be wiped out by a meteor but you
know maybe so you know in a world with
multiple risks you got to be smarter
about your risk management somebody says
you are making excuses for what I don't
even know what you don't even know what
that criticism is Oh make it I think I
know how your criticism is making
excuses for not doing enough about
climate change but then you would have
missed the whole point this lot of meter
is at a hundred percent
so this lauter meter is the prediction
that the president would win based on
current current conditions which nobody
assumes would remain stable through the
from now until the election so it's an
artificial number it doesn't really
predict it just says if nothing changed
this is what would happen at this moment
and you saw the president's poll numbers
just just reversed in a week and went
from it's pretty good job to you know
from not such a good job at the moment
there's just no way he can lose unless
if something new happen but of course
new things will happen before now and
then how much does the pandemic reduced
co2 planet-wide
more people tell me this that pollution
can go away quickly
you know just false the ground but co2
has a far longer
you know period of reduction but I still
think it's the right question now until
somebody really really smart works in
this field tells me this is dumb I'm
gonna say that this is at least possible
which is that we could learn something
there maybe we couldn't have learned and
any other way which is does the level of
co2 come down at all yeah does it come
down at all in a month where you're not
putting out as much now you might be
able to measure that it didn't go up now
it again it depends on the sensitivity
I'm only talking about doesn't go up by
a thousand or something like that but
it's science right science Kevin measure
stuff somebody's asking me about the
stock market which I haven't looked at
today let's see what it's doing if my
stock ticker is up to date well I guess
you're pretty happy you bought stocks
yesterday huh when resorts are up 25
percent today Snap is up 6 the the broad
index of the fortune 500 is up 1.7
apples up 2.5 all green nothing but
green somebody says co2 is not pollution
you need to go somewhere where people
don't know that and then shout that out
everybody on this periscope knows that
co2 and pollution are different things
all right so if you're trying to tell me
let's see em - and pollution or
different things you're in the wrong
place there must be somebody who needs
to know that but nobody here did nobody
here would be confused by that somebody
says they missed me saying measure in my
normal way measure my upstate New York
way somebody says stop asking about
stocks why American Airlines is up etc
and let me throw out an idea for you
this is a poorly thought-out idea you
can immediately see the problems but if
you if you're not new to this you know
that I often throw out poorly formed
ideas because it might make you think of
one that's good so in other words it
will just take your brain to a different
place and you might say well you're
doesn't work but you reminded me of
something that would work so that's
that's the spirit of this so we got a
bunch of cruise ships sitting there
empty because nobody wants to take a
cruise and it's probably not even legal
at the moment I don't know what the
situation is we also have a bunch of
young people who want to go on spring
break see where I'm going what if we
take the young people who were going to
spend money on spring break and we say
if you let us test you at least for a
fever or whatever and again I know
there's you can always get it all it
cetera so the testing is incomplete but
suppose we say all use spring breakers
if you were going to spend your money
anyway I'll give you a cheap cruise now
how much would Spring Breakers like to
be on a cruise ship a lot a lot now
suppose you said alright since you know
if you agree to go on the cruise ship
you're also gonna have to agree to some
other conditions which is you know if
something breaks out you're all going to
be there for two weeks but we're gonna
be a lot smarter about you know maybe
you only fill up half the cruise ship
maybe we've learned something about the
ventilation system maybe maybe you give
them a pile of chloroquine and they're
young people to begin with right so
they're young and healthy to begin with
you give them a barrel of chloroquine
you get out of the ship
maybe if again this is just
brainstorming I do not kid myself that
this is a good idea it's just sort of
creative and moving in the right
direction and maybe you could fix it so
fix my idea for me if you can
can we just load up the cruise ships
with people who are a low risk young
people who have been checked before they
got on checked while they're on checked
when they got off to the degree that you
could even do that so one way you could
save the cruise industry is by taking
the spring breakers and testing them so
I don't know how many tests I don't know
how many test kits we have
but if you could rapidly test could you
save an industry by you know I know we
need to test everywhere they're not
enough but just brainstorming just stay
with me could you focus some of the
tests on an industry that could be at
least kept on life support until the
economy comes out and just maybe you
know keep though the cruise ship
business alive
how about hotels how about you say you
know the Marriott and pick a city San
Diego has zero business and basically
we're going to go out of business but if
you're a spring breaker you're a young
person will give you a deal
half price there will be nobody in the
hotel except young people no no old
people will get an arrant you can't
check in without taking the chloroquine
before you walk in the front door and
when you're here you can't leave and
before you leave you'll be tested I'm
just throwing out ideas could you save
the travel industry by saying we're
going to limit it to young people we're
gonna slash the price cut it in half
we're going to test before you get in
and you're gonna be limited here but you
know who would be mad about being stuck
in a hotel with only other people who
were single nobody yeah tell me a young
person who doesn't want to go stay at
the Marriott with only young people on
spring break pay half price but you
can't leave the building for two weeks
might be popular so this is the human
ingenuity not this idea but at least the
the idea of being flexible somebody says
save Airlines first so here's the thing
you might be able to do something
similar by testing people before they
got on a flight but it seems like it'd
be too slow in the case of a cruise ship
people actually would go a day early you
know and stay at the hotel near the
cruise ship and you know you said you
spend hours and hours waiting to
actually board the ship itself so the
cruise ship is already built for people
to expect a
you know eight-hour delay before they
get on the ship that's just normal
already but the airline industry is
really about getting someplace and then
when either their your your free-range
chicken infecting people so maybe you
could get enough rapid testing to make
the airlines work again maybe you can
you know only fill every third seat
maybe maybe and 95 masks and gloves or
mandatory so yeah I think I think
there's a way you could do it might be
different we don't have much information
on the number of covent test gets coming
so that's a big question mark I'd love
to have more more information on that
all right that's all for now I will talk
to you again later today stay safe stay
strong take walk eat right have a great
day