bump bump bump bump bump bump hey
everybody come on in here hello Kelly
still I guess that's Jeff Jeff how are
you good to see you Jimmy Sharona Andrew
always a pleasure
grab your chairs but more importantly
grab your cup your mug your Stein your
chalice your tankard possibly a flask
maybe a thermos the fellow with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous except I
only had a little bit left so I hope we
made that one count well under on the
road again today but enough about that
so every morning I do the same thing
before I make one of these periscopes I
look at the news see you then I look at
Fox News I look at Twitter and I'm
looking for the big stories the
interesting things the provocations the
crises so I have something to talk about
have you noticed that the news has
completely stopped being news we're
we're so already into the summer reruns
as Greg Garfield says that I don't know
what's going to happen this summer when
the Democrats run in a completely run
any news
so there's nothing about the economy
today there's nothing about terrorism do
you know why because there are no real
problems here are the stories that are
in the news today the New York Times in
the Washington Post are reporting that
there's infighting that we can't see and
they can't tell us who thought so I
sound familiar that's right
here's the news this is the best they
can do the best they can do is that
there's infighting inside the
administration but we can't see it
and we can't talk to the people who saw
it but trust us totally some infighting
the president tweets back of course that
there's no infighting they're just
people with distant different opinions
and he makes the decisions to which I
say that sounds like every
decision-making entity in the world
a bunch of people disagreeing stabbing
each other in the back fighting and then
the leader makes a decision how would
that be any different
in any large organization I would be a
little bit more afraid if everybody had
the same opinions that would be a little
bit more of a problem in my my opinion
all right so the president tweeted the
following I think it was yesterday all
people that are illegally moving into
the United States now will be removed
from our country at a later date so he's
saying that people come in now currently
will be removed at a later date as we
build up our removal forces and as the
laws are changed please do not make
yourselves too comfortable you will be
leaving soon now when I saw that I
tweeted that every time this president
uses psychology to protect the homeland
whether it's about immigration or it's
about Isis or it's about Iran or North
Korea or whatever it is every time he
does that and you see it all the time he
makes a direct psychology psychology
psychological tweet or statement that is
clearly just using psychology to make a
war go away or to avoid one or two
reduce immigration and every time he
does this I have the same reaction which
is why didn't other presidents do this
it's so inexpensive because I think a
tweet like that actually changes
immigration maybe not a lot you know me
I'm not saying that one tweet fixes
immigration or anything like that I'm
saying that there is because he's the
president that tweet will be covered
and people will start saying oh even if
we get there
he might round us up and send us home so
why would we bother it's hard to get
there it's expensive it's dangerous why
would we make the trip if he's just
gonna ramp up his deportation forces now
I have no idea if he's really ramping up
any deportation forces I have no idea
yes the people who are arriving right
now are really in any increased risk
compared to any other time I have no
idea but does it matter it does not it
was the right thing to say if you're the
president you want to tell people it's a
bad idea to come here and you tell them
why is it true well it's probably true
ish he's probably you know is increasing
our border security is probably an
ongoing thing he probably would like to
ship people back but it doesn't matter
how true it is what matters is that it
was the right psychological framing now
he does the same thing with Iran so he's
complaining that the fake news has no
idea what the administration wants to do
with Iran and he says directly he says
in a tweet that's a good thing maybe
it's a good thing that Iran doesn't have
any idea of what we're up to
to which I say well there it is again
why does he make every other let me give
you an alert before I finish my sentence
I am about to say a sentence that
involves the animals monkeys at the same
time that I make this monkey related
reference I will be talking about former
presidents collectively there will be a
variety of former presidents in the
following statement
Bill Clinton Obama Bush Reagan I will be
mentioning a bunch of presidents I
should note most of these presidents are
adult white males one of them is Obama
adult male but African American the
following comment up
lies to all of them equally the
president makes it every former
president look like a chimp as one of
those things that I think people who are
not white don't understand that white
people make monkey references all the
time
we're always calling each other monkeys
we're calling kids monkeys we're calling
leaders monkeys calling calling calling
people monkeys is what we do all the
time and it's not it's not limited to
any particular type of person it's
certainly not limited to any ethnicity
it's not limited and it doesn't mean
that we'd like to make lots of monkey
references I think you all know that so
here's the thing
and I actually don't appreciate the
racist comments I'm saying in the
comments it's okay to have fun but don't
cross the line don't even don't make
this an unpleasant place to be
so anyway the president when he does a
lot of things I think that historians
and future pundits are going to be
forced to compare anybody in the future
to how well
President Trump did things any president
in the future people are gonna say you
know that president should be a little
bit more unpredictable because that's
good where do we learn that President
Trump when a future president doesn't
negotiate with trade for some future
deal with some future country the
commentators are gonna say you know if
that were President Trump that president
would be doing some negotiating right
now likewise with this you know using
psychology on the border people are
gonna say uh why was President Trump the
only one to think of telling people that
we might send them back so don't come
what why was he the first one to think
of that nobody else could think of that
so I think what we have and also with
the economy with the same phrasing oh
you're gonna see with the economy future
economists saying you know
President Trump was really good at
talking up the psychology of the economy
by the way I think it was a consumer
confidence hit a record for 56 years or
some damn thing freaking the facts are
wrong but once again the psychology of
the economy has been reported as high at
an unprecedented level at least within
recent decades
unprecedented and likewise with North
Korea
I guarantee you that in the future and
maybe Russia to their presidents Trump's
a highly criticized style in which he
acts like he is good friends with you
know dictators and people that are
either nemesis embassies or frenemies
that he acts friendly to them while
negotiating tough you know you know that
future historians and future political
pundits are going to judge every other
president by that standard they're gonna
say ah why are you being so unkind to
this dictator when we have to negotiate
with a him or her you know why don't you
be a little bit more respectful and then
maybe we can be a little tougher in our
negotiating without worrying about a
nuke coming our way
because at least we're being respectful
so the leader which is important to the
leader so I'm kind of feeling that Trump
is quietly and nobody's noticing yeah at
least not in a collective way they're
not noticing he seems to be setting the
standard for how all future presidents
are going to be judged I think that's
clear now of course I'm not saying that
everything he does will get an a-plus
but on all the big stuff he's setting a
standard which other presidents are
gonna have to answer to forever let's
talk about Peter Budaj edge he says that
the there's something called a
jefferson-jackson dinner
[Music]
know the details but it's some kind of
annual thing and because Jefferson and
Jackson I guess mostly in Jefferson is
the problem I don't know what Jackson's
history is I don't really I'm not a
Jackson follower but Jefferson owned
slaves and Buddha jej was asked about
changing the name of that dinner so that
no longer had a slave name associated
with it and he said yeah maybe we should
look at that because times change and of
course Fox News and the conservator
world goes I we knew it it's a slippery
slope and we'll be getting rid of all
these the founding fathers will be
relegated to the racist jail of history
now I don't disagree with Buddha judge
I like the basic idea that society can
change who they honor I don't have a
problem that you know as long as you
don't forget your history and I don't
think that's the risk I I was planning
to do some kind of little sarcastic
tweets or a video and now I'm going to
tell you the punchline so I can't do it
but I was gonna say that I had just
recently heard of this thing called the
Civil War and I was going to tweet that
have you guys heard of this there was
there's a war in the United States I'd
never heard of it it was called the
Civil War and apparently something like
the north and the south fought each
other over slavery did any of you have
you heard of this I only recently heard
of it
do you know I only recently heard of the
Civil War well it's obvious I grew up in
a town with no statues there were no
statues in my town I grew up you could
walk around all day long in my town
where I grew up you would never see a
statue so how in the world am I supposed
to know the Civil War existed duh I
could not know the Civil War existed
without statues there were none in my
town so that was I was going to do some
funny skit on that but apparently it
wasn't that funny so
maybe I won't do it the point is you
don't need any statues for history yeah
that argument that you're you're
changing history that's none recomment
that's not an argument at all
everybody knows the Civil War everybody
knows names of the generals you don't
need a statue to to augment your history
books so I would say I frankly would be
okay with Society I'm making some
decisions about when to change things at
one table I'd be okay with that
you know here's another here's another
thing that technology is going to change
and you don't see this coming
so here's my technology prediction about
statues so in the future we're all going
to have all mented reality classes I
would say that that's close to
guaranteed now augmented reality means
that you've got your glasses on you can
see the regular world that you live in
but overlaid on that world are images as
if they are part of the real world
that's what backsons reality ISM there's
sometimes you can interact with them
with your hands and stuff as if they're
real even though they're just floating
images and it seems to me guaranteed
that whether you took away the
Confederate statues or not there will be
a period of time where maybe there's no
statue but as soon as everybody has or
mented reality which i think is coming
you should be able to walk to the same
park where let's say hypothetically a
statue used to be but it was removed and
you just hid your glasses and the statue
will be back so in the augmented reality
world you'll always be able to see not
just the statue but you'll be able to
hit it again and you can see the actual
Battle of Gettysburg you should be able
to stand that Gettysburg can go and
actually replay the battle right on the
battlefield
at least in some you know general sense
so I would not worry about removing
statues because we're probably only half
a generation away from statues being
things that happened in your glasses
anyway and at the very least you could
add a let's say an explanation part to
the existing statue so if you don't take
it away you could add a plaque it says a
lot of people say this is racist but we
kept it for whatever reason anyway
because we added this plaque so the the
future of whether you should or should
not remove statues will become less
relevant because people who want to see
them will just go and people who don't
want to see any of the racist racist
symbols will go and they want to see him
alright let me ask you this give me the
date or the example of the last time
President Trump crossed the line into
something so provocative that it was
headlines and it was obviously a mistake
it seems to me that after the midterms
the president took a more let's say less
provocative public persona and he said
so in pretty direct language right after
the midterms he said something about
being he didn't say nicer but something
like that and is it my imagination or
has it been the same so since November
five months six months of the president
not saying something that made the the
news go crazy and is it true that he
said just fact check me on this is it
true that he said in direct language
publicly that he was going to try to
tone down his rhetoric after the
midterms can we can we fact check that
that's true right and is it true that he
has done that
as far as we can tell because remember
it seemed like there was one Alfred e
Newman is sort of proving my point we
knew he was going to do nicknames but
Alfred II knew him is clearly a playful
name nobody ever said president Trump
stop being playful because really that's
all that was it seems to me they he took
away his critics greatest weapon which
was himself am i right the critics of
President Trump their greatest their
greatest weapon they had against him was
things he said and he took that away and
he said I'm gonna take that away and
then he took it away right in front of
us now I don't think anybody took him
seriously when he said it
because you thought to yourself yeah
you're gonna you're gonna say you're
gonna be nicer but are here to be nicer
are you really aren't you just you know
gonna wait a week and go right back to
the way you were well nobody knew did
they we had to find out so I'm asking
you know can you think of anything he
did there was along the lines of any of
the outrages of the past since November
that's that's a fairly long period of
time for us not to say anything like
that meanwhile how many things has he
done that works against the narrative
works against the narrative the
narrative courses that he's crazy that
he's uncontrollable that he's a racist
you know what whatever you want to put
in the narrative that the other people
are saying about him they're just
running out of stuff because he keeps
doing things that are counter narratives
you know I've used this examples before
and I don't think people understand how
big a deal it is that when the president
gave the Medal of Honor to Tiger Woods
now tell you Woods I don't know what he
identifies with in terms of ethnicity
but most of the public will say Tiger
Woods is black I think that might be
half true it doesn't matter if this
but that's what the public and the
public perceives things it's such a
small thing a medal of freedom is what
it's called the other medal of freedom
giving an athlete a medal of freedom is
such a small thing in terms of the world
the country it's the most irrelevant
kind of thing in the world but people
turn on the TV and there is the
president who probably on his own I
doubt there was a committee that came up
with a recommendation probably the
president said I love Tiger Woods we've
been friends for you know the president
and Tiger Woods have been friends
forever and so he thought great comeback
Tigers and inspiration that's why we
give these medals I'll give Tiger Woods
a medal and so the news shows the
president putting this medal around
Tiger Woods and then all the people in
the country you say wait a minute we
were positive that the president is a
racist there are two things here I don't
understand Tiger Woods has known him for
a long time and they like each other
explain that how does that work and then
the president chooses Tiger Woods to
give this this highly visible highly
prestigious literally the the highest
award you can get as an American citizen
if you're not a in the military and and
you have to look at that and say I don't
know how that fits was my narrative
Trump is not supposed to be the guy who
does this likewise the prison reform Act
worked against the narrative likewise
the president's continuous bragging
about his progress with black and
Hispanic and and women employment those
are the things that even if they
happened you wouldn't continuously brag
about them so it just doesn't work with
your narrative if you said to yourself
yeah but in his mind he still he still
erases he's just pretending not to be
even if you were pretending not to be
would you bring up and brag about how
well you did with black unemployment
would you continuously harp on that
would you say over and over again that
the reason you want to secure the border
is for the benefit of the the
entry-level employees potential ones who
would have to fight for jobs who are
largely in the you know black and
community and Hispanic community I see
and so we have like six months of
watching this president do things that
are unambiguously just don't fit the
other story
now do I do all these fit things fit the
story that you had in your head you know
you be meaning most of you were probably
Trump supporters and from the start I
think most of you probably are does
everything that you've seen than last
six months what you expected back
in 2016 I would say yes in my case
everything I'm observing about this
president probably everything you know
if I thought about it I might come up
with some example of something that has
surprised me but it's not coming to me
right away I thought he would be good
for the psychology of the economy which
would make the economy go up that's what
I thought I said it out loud I said it
publicly I said it often and sure enough
I thought that he would be effective
against Isis I thought he'd be the right
person to talk to Kim jong-eun I mean
these are things I said in public months
and months and months before any of this
happened because that's the movie I was
watching and I said if this movie is the
movie I think it is we're gonna have a
good economy things will be really good
with foreign relations trade
negotiations will probably be aggressive
but eventually successful so those are
the things I thought and I thought that
the rumors of the Trump rounding you
know what were the rumors before the
election he was gonna round people and
putting them in concentration camps or
how about this president was anti-lgbt
Hugh now they did get something to work
with because the military is still
discriminating against transgender
but as long as it's limited to the
military one of the things that all of
us say maybe we don't say it out loud
but we all understand it the military's
the one place it's okay to discriminate
now you don't want to discriminate for
the wrong reason so when when the
military was not you know I guess when
what's the right word before I was
integrated people had bad reasons that
in time we learned were bad reasons and
so okay that was a bad reason you don't
want to discriminate based on race so
that was a bad reason so eventually
humans figure that out and they stopped
doing it but if the military says I
think there's a certain group that will
have more medical issues or less less
availability because of whatever they're
either they're either right or wrong
about that now it could be that the
military is concerned the transgender
will have more more time away from
readiness and that's either true or
false I'm no expert is that true or is
it false and what if it's only true for
half of transgender but the other half
are being just being discriminated
against because they're suffering
because some other group has more
medical problems was that fair that's
not fair that's totally not fair if if
some transgenders who don't have any
readiness problems or being lumped in
with ones that might that's not fair but
the military's in one place nobody's
asking them to be fair it's the one
place where we say the only thing I care
about is you're gonna kill on the other
side I'm exaggerating a little bit but
mostly with the military you say hey
military are you letting people with
physical disabilities of the sight I'm
not talking about transgender I'm talk
about you know blind missing legs sort
of thing the military discriminates
against handicaps the military
discriminates by height the military
discriminates by gender the military
discriminates by
age they discriminate by physical health
they discriminated a lot the the
military is the most discriminating
organization that could ever be but it's
the one place where we say yeah we can
you know there's some there's some gray
areas and maybe we don't think this is
where the military should discriminate
but nobody really asks are they allowed
to because they are allowed to they're
allowed to discriminate in any way that
gets the job done even if they're wrong
and so over time we hope that the wrong
parts are decreased and the right parts
are increased but they're certainly
allowed so anyway if you compare what's
the worst thing the LGBTQ community
worried about in the beginning they
literally talked about concentration
camps reversing gay marriage I don't see
that happening you know and then the the
president goes full out trying to cure
AIDS and negotiates these free doses
medicine that would effectively
eliminate AIDS
in this country if it's done right so
there's there's nothing about what the
people in the other movie predicted
that's happening just nothing but a
hundred percent of the things I thought
would happen are happening so how do
people explain that all right let's talk
about immigration though probably the
biggest complaint about this president
in terms of emotionally I guess is the
thought that here's a big old
discriminator when it comes to
immigration but the president's views on
immigration had been proven completely
true by the fact that one of the main
things the president always said is and
again here's here's the psychology of it
then if you make it attractive to come
to this country illegally you can get
more of it wouldn't you say that that
was essentially the entire message of
the president if you could boil it down
to one thing which is if you make it if
you make it a pleasant experience
to come to this country illegally you're
gonna get more of it wouldn't you say
that's just the whole message because if
you said if she said President Trump we
have some magical way of knowing that
the amount of immigration will never get
worse than it is and in fact in some
ways it's lessening in some ways I'm not
sure it would be a big problem
but the president's all about incentive
if you create an incentive to do
something you can get more of it it's
just always that's what capitalism is
you know there's no exception to that if
you make it attractive you'll get more
of it so the president's been working
hard to make immigration look more a
less attractive and now because of the
caravans especially because the number
of people hitting the border right now
is unprecedented lately he's been proven
completely right he is essential the
essential claim that if you have your if
you have your incentives wrong for
immigration you get the wrong outcome
and sure enough you can no longer argue
the central claim you can still argue
how much wall do you need etc but people
are gonna stop arguing that stuff people
are gonna stop debating with the experts
on border security oh I think I don't
think you need a wall there even though
you're the expert who says of course you
need to wall there I think people are
just gonna say let's talk about
something else because the president was
so fricking right on this it hurts
he was so right it probably physically
hurts people to see how right the
president has been that immigration
increased because it was an attractive
thing all right I thought let's talk
about framing I was gonna do a separate
periscope about this I'll toss this in
probably I'll probably do this following
topic maybe in more depth in a separate
periscope but I want to give you a
teaser for it see if you like this kind
of stuff here are some different ways to
frame some of the big debates and the
headlines all right
abortion had been framed as when does
life start so I had been is this a life
yet or is it not a life yet so that's
the way I had always been framed with
that framing you can never you can never
get a good result it's impossible to get
a result
everybody's happy about because is this
life or not we'll never agree so if you
have a framing that can't be solved in
other words a framing that locks you in
place and makes you hate each other
maybe think of another one now as it
turns out the so-called heartbeat bills
are probably some of the strongest
persuasion I've ever seen like really
really strong and I've told you why if
you say does life start at conception or
some other time you've got this weird
gray hard - hard to defend standard no
matter which way you go but if you say
heartbeat
we humans are all primed to think that
when a heart stops that's the end of
life we all think that's true there's
nobody who believes that a mammal with
no heartbeat is alive nobody 100%
agreement or something like it probably
so by calling it a heartbeat bill
instead of some other framing they've
they've put the pro-choice people in a
completely in undefensible indefensible
position it's indefensible
I'm not saying right or wrong and again
I always tell you nothing you hear when
I talk about the topic of abortion is my
opinion of what things should be because
I recuse myself from that in favor of
women having more say because that's
your most credible standard by the way
how long have you been listening to me
say that I recuse myself from the
abortion question because men should not
be influencing it and the reason men
should not be influencing it is because
we don't add to the decision in other
words we're not smarter than
women on this topic in some way that
makes that any difference women have
this whatever women collectively come up
with is not going to be dumber than what
women plus men come up with I just don't
see that as a possibility and did you
see and I and I said that since you
can't come up with a decision on
abortion - everyone likes it's just not
possible the best you can do is have a
decision that's credible to you - the
people who didn't get their way you want
the people who didn't get their way an
abortion to say well I don't like this
outcome but at least the right people
are making the decision they've looked
at the right stuff they've taken it
seriously
I respect the process and I respect the
people who are involved I just wish it
had gone another way that's your best
situation because you can't get to
everybody your grade
that's not possible so what happened
when Alabama I guess it was passed their
new abortion law the first thing you saw
was that picture of a wall of just men
who were behind the decision it was the
first thing that the opposition went to
they went at the credibility of the
process and were they wrong they were
not wrong put yourself if you're a man
if you're a man try to put yourself in
this position
forget about what your opinion of
abortion is that's not relevant to what
I'm gonna say you could be proud or you
could be anti for this next comment
somebody says stuff is apologizing for
being man nothing like that is happening
there is nothing like me apologizing for
being a man that's that's happening here
I'm talking about the credibility of a
system and let me finish my points
imagine that you are a woman this is for
the men we're watching imagine you're a
woman and it's decision about your body
about your health and about your
potential offspring the most important
things to you period that's it your body
your health your life your potential
offspring nothing
more important than that and then you
say let's see who made the decision
about what I do with my female body are
you freaking kidding me
nothing but men put you just just
imagine just imagine you're a woman you
you it's your body
and you say whichever way the decision
goes I might like it I might not like it
but I sure want the right people making
the decision and then you see a wall of
male old male faces there were the only
ones making the decision now as somebody
saying women vote do you care do you
care just by putting yourself at the
situation you say to yourself yes women
voted for these men who made the
decision but it's a wall of male faces
telling me a woman in this imaginary
situation what to do with my body are
you okay with that are you okay with
that there's no way you're okay with
that okay reverse it now let's say the
question is about circumcision all right
I'm a man let's say there became a
national question about whether a young
male baby should be circumcised and then
I'm watching the news and I see it's a
bunch of women that made the decision
hypothetically this isn't going to
happen how do you feel about that
you're a man and you found out that
women decided whether your penis should
be sliced no men were involved how do
you feel about that no frickin way no
freakin way I'm okay with that
because that is not a credible law a
credible law on male circumcision should
be mostly men throw in some women just
so you haven't missed anything but I
want that do you mostly a male decision
and I
so to my critic from a minute ago am i
apologizing for being male no freaking
not I'm saying that if you could have a
law about circumcision
I don't want your female opinion period
I do not care what women say about the
law now I do care if they prefer
circumcised men
so I certainly I was certainly factor
that him now III would want to hear what
they had to say I would definitely want
to know how women feel about it but if
you showed me that only women made the
final legal decision
I'm industry completely non credible
process so all I'm saying is that the
same way that I would feel if the
situation were reversed I'm willing to
I'm willing to take that same same
approach so I believe I've been shown
right have I not been shown right that
having men be too prominent in the
abortion question reduces the
credibility not whether it's a right or
wrong decision that's separate I'm
talking about whether the society will
accept the decision do they accept a dis
credible and the answer is unambiguously
no you saw that that the pro-abortion
people went right after that here's a
wall of male faces this is not a
credible process and you know what I say
they're right that was not a credible
process it might be was the right
decision it might be the wrong decision
I accused myself from that but this was
not a credible process and the women in
the man who are complaining about the
fact that was all males making this
decision spot-on
they could not be more right with this
criticism now I know that no laws were
violated I know that these men got
elected I'm sure the elections were fair
enough but that's not really the point
anyway that's the frame another one oh
let's talk about immigration when the
president framed his merit immigration
policy
he compared us to Canada Australia New
Zealand and Japan and he said that we're
just trying to change our immigration
policies so it's more in line with these
other countries that we compete with so
that it's less family based and more
skills based like our other countries
that we like so much and then
if you've seen the the chart where you
can actually compare the United States
planned and future policy with the other
countries it's really it's very it's
very persuasive to actually see that
Canada to Japan etc has a competitive
system and we have a clearly
uncompetitive system because it does not
value skills or a less competitive
system it doesn't value skills it's a
really strong argument to simply simply
take our policy and move it to where our
allies that we like so much and we
assume you know we don't we don't assume
in Canada is a bunch of racists so
simply making our policy like there's a
strong argument now again I'm not making
the argument I'm just saying that
persuasion wise it's very powerful that
that comparison was made I found that
very persuasive all right let's do
nuclear the way nuclear is framed as
been is nuclear energy dangerous or
practical that is the wrong frame if you
ask yourself is nuclear power dangerous
you get where we are now which is a
little bit of progress it looks like
it's picking up but not enough here's
the way you should frame nuclear energy
is it more or less dangerous than
runaway climate change that is the
framing this saves the world and when I
say it saves the world maybe literally
because there are smart people plenty
health of Bill Gates among them who say
that nuclear power is really the only
thing that's ready enough safe enough
economical enough to make a big push on
climate change but here's the great part
even if climate change is a hoax
even if climate change is not the
problem that most scientists say it is
even if it's not you would want to do
exactly the same stuff you'd want more
nuclear energy because it's the most
economical
safest it's the best for pollution and
just in case it's also the best for for
co2 in terms of the best thing that you
can do quickly in that scale
so stop framing nuclear as is nuclear
dangerous or not that's a losing frame
change it to is nuclear safer or less
safe than letting climate change be
dealt with with only solar or only wind
or the combination of those two which is
more dangerous and I think that gets you
to more nuclear energy in a good way all
right so those are my three frames I'll
run through them again on on the
question of abortion the bad way to
frame it is as life started yes or no
with that you could never get any
progress
everybody will be unhappy forever better
frame is the better frame is who decides
you know who gets to decide something
that no matter who is in control there
will be bad mistakes made somebody's
going to die who didn't need to no
matter what so the question for a stable
country is who gets to decide this
question that there's never going to be
what a decision we all agree with on
nuclear is it better than climate change
or or or not and on immigration how does
it compare to the other to the other
countries and also on immigration the
way you frame it is who gets to decide
what our country is if we have strong
border control then it's people in this
country you get to decide what the
United States is and what it becomes if
we don't have strong border security
then the fate of the United States will
be decided by Guatemalans Central
American folks and as wonderful as they
are and I mean that sincerely Central
Americans Mexicans great people I mean
they really are great people
but do they get to decide do they get to
decide what America is if that's okay
with you then just be clear about what
it is that you're agreed with all right
those are my topics for the day
I'm going to make a couple of
observations here which you should not
put too much stake in so there are two
things that happened recently that I'm
scratching my head one is my periscope
YouTube and yeah periscope YouTube and
LinkedIn traffic all dropped a lot at
about the same time so for reasons that
I don't know the traffic from LinkedIn
that was going to Tilburg comm just
suddenly disappeared I mean it went from
a lot to nothing overnight don't know I
haven't been able to find out why
likewise my YouTube traffic
took a took a step down
not sure why and my periscope traffic as
you can see had been typically 2,000
people and I would get around 20,000
views now yesterday for some reason the
number of people who are watching it at
one time spiked to 3,000 so doubled for
reasons I never figured out but if you
look at the total number of people who
viewed even that periscope it's actually
down so at the same time that my troll
activity got really high I assume you
know the media matters or some other
trolls were coming after me at the same
time the troll activity got high I took
tremendous hits to my income in in a
number of areas there were social media
related now here's the thing what do I
make of that here's my argument for
for regulating the social media
companies the fact that I can't tell if
these changes are a coincidence or some
some kind of change they had to do with
nothing important or if I've been
targeted it's pretty important what are
you making of the fact that I can't tell
and I have a way to tell I have no way
to know I have nobody to talk to nobody
could to complain to I have no way to
know why suddenly my traffic takes a
falls off a ledge one of the things that
I noticed happening is that I have a lot
of influence over some topics that
people don't like because I'm pretty
good at framing things and and finding
out what's the most persuasive way to
talk about something so is it
do I need to prove that you know bad
things were happening to me in terms of
algorithms or social media or bias or
anything and by the way I'm not making
that claim so I'm not making the claim
that these changes which have a huge
impact on my income I'm not saying that
the same kind of organized bias against
me I have no way of knowing but that's
the problem there was a big change it
was negative it happened all of a sudden
at and across platforms at the same time
that patrol activity ticked up
considerably so I know I'm on some kind
of list you know I clearly I'm being
targeted as other supporters of the
president have been but if I can't tell
that's a that's enough reason for
regulation isn't it because there must
be other people in my situation where
they can't tell if they've been targeted
in a way that's very very destructive I
mean it could not be more destructive if
it's intentional if it's just a
coincidence or just something about the
weather that's causing less people to
watch or something how would I know I
wouldn't know so the very fact that
you can't know is the argument that's
all the argument you need for regulating
the social network platforms the way I'd
like to see it done is there should be
somebody who some kind of a judge or
external group that can look at their
algorithms and can investigate certain
claims there should be a way for
somebody some kind of a judge or
external body to go to any of the social
media platforms that say here's a name
show us show us what the algorithm did
with this person and show us why the
traffic went down and then in most cases
I would assume it's gonna be just
regular reasons all right that's all I
got for now and I will talk to you later